
For over 50 years, Burlington's Legacy has been great deals on coats for all weather conditions. So before you're caught unprepared for the winter weather, head to Burlington for name brands, quality items and surprising fits for every family member. Stock up on coats, sweaters, and accessories before the cold hits so you can finally stop avoiding the elements and start living comfortably warm up at your nearest Burlington location. Less than one mile away. Burlington deals brands, wow.


Bored at home. Head over to Chumba Casino and join some serious social casino. Fun with hundreds of games at your fingertips. No purchase necessary. You can play anytime anywhere. There's a special welcome bonus waiting for you when you sign up. Play for fun, play for free, and you could even redeem some great prizes. Visit chumba casino.com and get ready to reel in The Fun. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's up y'all? Welcome back to Talk Tuah. Better original download better and play Betr Picks. Thank you for tuning in. I hope you've been enjoying the show. Make sure you subscribed wherever you're listening now And leave me a five star review. I wanna hear what you think of today's episode, so be sure to leave me a comment too. Welcome back to Talk Like an emphasis on it. Like


As a reminder, Talk Tuah is brought to you by Betr Picks and their new 2000 x lineups. If you like making sports more fun to watch and making a lot of money, Betr Picks might be right for you. Betr Picks is the easiest way to win 2000 times your money. The NFL season is heating up and I promise you, there's nothing that makes these games more exciting than having a chance to win 2000 times your money while watching $10 to $20,000 all the way up to a hundred K just by watching football. Download better and play Betr Picks. Download. Better play Betr Picks.


Welcome back to Talk Tuah. Today's guess is Miss BROOKE over here. Can I get a clap for her? I'm so, and then we got Stevie down here that just about nipped off my finger for a treat. Hartley, of course. And then Charlie. Hello. Hello. So what you doing? I'm nervous. I'm scared. What are You nervous for? I haven't, I just like never go on podcasts I feel like, or other podcasts that aren't mine. So I feel like, so We don't buy, we're the easiest people. We Talk Tuah, let's have some wine. I'm like, yes. I had to. I feel like it's tradition. You have to have wine when you're sitting here though. I do. And I just like envisioned like me meeting you for the first time and we had to be drinking.


That makes sense. That does Make sense. It makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Besides the other night when we went out that that was Harriet. That Yeah, Harriet came out. Has anyone else ever invited you on like their podcast? Yeah, I mean I've gone on a lot of podcasts, but I haven't in like a long time. And I always drink before. Yeah. No matter what. I don't know why I do it literally as my job. And I still like am scared because when I'm drinking I feel like I can yap. Yap away. Me too. Chelsea Has a dog that looks just like this one. Oh, her name's Maggie. I have a dog cat or a cat dog. Like a cat that acts like a dog. That's okay. I'll see him where you dress it in clothes. I do. I have to dress him in clothes. He won't. He literally, he's a, he can rearrange furniture. He's only seven pounds and he's so ferocious and horrible and awful.


And I love him. Dress him in clothes. Yeah, like seen anyone. He can't move because cats are like scared to like, like he like topples over when he wears it. So if we need to like cook or something, we'll put his little Lakers jersey on. Aw, I Love that. I saw one where you put like a hat on him. Yeah, I put a I, he has a little like wife beater. I don't think we're, I don't think we're supposed to say wife beater anymore or he has like a little tank top Appropriate And he looks at, can't say white Peter anymore. I don't know. Well I guess, I mean if you think about it, it's like, oh, Why did you agree to come On here? First of all, because I'm your biggest fan. I literally am so obsessed with you. I feel like I gravitate toward anyone who like, not like, not to be rude, but everyone, you get like a lot of like hate on the internet.


I feel like. Yep. Not like just because it's like people are like upset that you like blew up so quickly. And so it made me like love you more because I'm like, you just take it. I cannot take hate. I hate it. Yeah. I mean sometimes I take it, other times I'm just like, ha, Fuck you. You know? No, but I Love it. You ran with it and now like, didn't you just like start an app? Yeah, it's called the Pooky app. See, That's like, that's cra like I'm just like, I love that you've like seized the moment and you I'm upset. Talk Tuah a best name ever. Who came up with that by the way? That one right there. You Are a genius. Thank you. I always thought it was like gonna be like, like somebody like brought it to you that's like, that's so funny. And Tana like, Tana and I literally fought over you. She's like, she thinks that you hate her. I love Tana.


That's the one person. I was like, okay, if I meet anybody I gotta meet Tana. I know that. I saw you say that in a video like at the poker tournament and I was like, she loves you. She's like, no, she's ignoring me. Why not T Well now we know it's a misunderstanding. I think it's like just like lost in translation somewhere. But like I Think we play phone tag. Like she'll ignore me for three days and I'll ignore her for like a week. 'cause I don't ever check my phone. I feel like both Of y'all are just all over the place. Yeah, we are. She's Hard to get ahold of. Yeah. And she's hard to get in a room. I can't remember where she was when I was texting her a few weeks ago. She's on vacation somewhere. Was she in Paris? Maybe Hawaii. Oh No, it was Hawaii. No, it was Paris. She was in Paris. Did she not go to Paris? That's what I thought it was. Paris. Oh no.


Maybe it was Hawaii. I don't know. Tennis goes everywhere. I don't Know. And she goes everywhere. I never know where she is. You should go to the poker Tournaments with her. I can't play poker. She keeps like wanting to teach me how to play, but I've never, I've never played and I feel like she keeps going just play in the tournament. I'm like, you don't start playing poker in a tournament. Yeah. You can't Think you don't listen to her. I did it. Really? Yeah. Like You, you learned in the tournament or you like, like learned and immediately did The tournament. I learned a few things before I went, but I didn't know exactly what I was doing. So I just kind of winged it. I had more fun just being there, sitting at the table talking to all these people I've never met. That's the fun part. But I don't know, I just, I'm hoping for like beginner's luck, but I also just feel like I don't want to be embarrassed.


What was I, I was like 50th outta 80 out. Yeah, I know you did a lot better than Oh, for a while. That's so bad. But then the guy beside me, I can't remember which one it was. I think it was a guy who had the weird glasses on. What was his name? He was helping me out. I don't think he was supposed to, but he was. I'd be cheating. Well, I didn't know what the fuck I was doing. I was like, well can I lay this down? He was like, yeah, you can lay that down. I was like, okay, whatever. You know he is helping me out. Well You did. Well that's better than I would've done. I would've gotten out immediately. And then he Said it lasts like up to eight hours. So I was like, fuck this, I wanna go mingle. So I put like all in and I was like, I know I ain't got nothing. 'cause like my cards didn't go together. And they're like, ah, you're out. And I was like, you sacrificed your spot on purpose.


My, That's so me. I'm like, I gotta go. I went to a movie premiere last night and like I was literally 20 minutes into the movie and I'm thinking like, how am I gonna tell my friend next to me that I'm leaving? Like I can't, I cannot sit through this. And You went sing Gladiator too? Yeah, It was. It was. It was really Good. But I got too drunk. Oh. And I was like spinning and I was like, I have to go. But those are the worst. Like when you get into bed and you got to spins, I normally have to like open my eyes. I'm like, Oh no, I cannot hang like a How old are you? 21. Oh my God. How old are you? 21. Ooh. Oh my God. I would do anything to be 21 again when I was 21. I could drink like a fucking tank. But now I'm not kidding. I had maybe like three glasses of champagne and I was throwing up all night.


What? Throwing up all this morning. How old are you? 20. I'm about to be 28. When's your birthday? Not guess That in a couple days. The 26th. Happy birthday. Yay. Yay. But I'm like, when I'm you, it's, people say it and you don't believe it. It's like, oh, I can drink forever. But I swear like the 25 mark, you can just like no longer Do it. I'm just not much of a drinker. I don't guess really. I mean, I can be, but I have to be like, I was about to say why are you I or something like if I'm just watching a movie or something at home, I can't drink or anything. But if I'm out like boogieing at a party or something, now I can Well I feel like that's everyone Right? No, I'm, I almost like prefer to drink in like a really, like


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/campaign to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/campaign terms and conditions. Apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be.


Did you know the parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance and keep an eye on your kid spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/spotify.


Calm setting Like dinner. Just let you on your nose. I don't either. I I didn't know if I imagined it or not. I dunno what that was. I Just didn't fly. I was Like, what the fuck was that? I think it was a flea. Probably. Wait, they can't fly. Can they Fleeces? Yeah, they jump. Well, I don't know. I figured out this shear roaches can fly. What? Yeah, Roaches can fly. I don't wanna know that information to be Honest. I'm scared of bugs. I gotta do my research. It starts flying me. I'm gone. I feel like You would be one to kill a bug. Like if I were to tell you there was a bug, you'd be like, ah, I got it. Now if It's a spider, that's okay, but a bug, I'm probably gonna sit On the floor and cry. Is a spider not a bug? Yeah, it is A bug. It's an insect I think.


Oh wait, isn't it? No, it's, it's an ar. Iraq. You know what, you beat me too. It, but I was so excited to share that fact. I don't even know what aach aid is. I think it means they have eight legs or something. Ew. Like a centipede Are sick. I think your centipede has like a thousand legs. Oh Those are Sick. Definitely. Cool. Yeah, Those are sick. I'm not a big bug person. I'm not Either. Is anybody? No. I would hope not. All right y'all, I'm trying to get Chelsea to lock her man down before Christmas. Damn. Let's not talk about my dating life. Please. What do you getting Pooky. I think I'm gonna get him some new work boots for Christmas and maybe like some more shirts and such. He needs some more pants. I tell you that much.


Oh That's sweet. I Like that.


Now I know you're not like officially with your man to just yet, but here's what I'm thinking. We get him a chairman Pro electric full shaver. 'cause I know that man is wooly. He's gotta be that way he can get a nice clean and smooth shape. Okay. Or he can keep a rugged five o'clock shadow and just match Pooky. Which do you prefer? You like that clean cut or some like some stubble? Little bit of both. As long as he uses Manscape, I'm cool with it. Oh think so easy to use. And it's waterproof. It's got a travel lock on it too for when he is traveling like on a business trip or even just a weekend getaway, you know? Oh Yeah. Plus both of the interchangeable blade heads are skin safe and they're designed to reduce skin irritation and razor burn. That way the skin stays smooth and comfortable. So It sounds like when I make it official, I should get one for my man too. Yeah, of course. Why not? But if he is a real man, he should already have one. So if you're looking for a thoughtful and practical gift, he'll actually use in love. The chairman pro is the way to go. Get 20% off and free shipping with the code to it manscape.com. That's 20% off and free shipping with the code TUA h@manscape.com.


My schedule has been so crazy. I have never traveled this much in my life, but I'm just so grateful. Yeah, same. But sometimes I completely zone out from all the social interaction. Man, you're telling me. You know, I need my chill time. That's why I like buy hemp gummies to relax And don mind after a long day. I love, they're made with natural ingredients and they don't make me feel groggy in the morning. Oh Yeah. You think we can get granny to try a few? Who knows about that girl? You can't ever tell about her. They also have zero THC products. If THC isn't for you, you can still take advantage of their CBD line with products that are designed for sleep, focus and energy that'll keep you glowing all year long. Grainy might be more into those. One of my favorite parts of products come from independently owned American farms and via ships to nearly almost all states to the US And discrete packaging directly to your door with worry. A free guarantee. No medical card required. We'll for sure need to unwind and recharge with via after this Week. So if you're looking for a way to elevate your wellness routine, check out via hemp@v.co slash Tuah. And right now via is having a huge holiday sale. And for a limited time you could save up to 25% off sitewide plus 50% off for select items and bundles. So if you're 21 plus, check out our link for via in the description.


What are your thoughts on like rodents though? Like I don't mind them. I feel bad for 'em. Like Me too. I had a mouse in my, I lived in a sorority house and it was like an old house. So obviously you have like rodents and there was a mouse in my room and I was so excited about it. I was like, I was like, we cannot trap him. He was so cute. And I'm like, I swear to God he was like animated. He had like big ears, huge ears. And like people were like, there were talks of him for weeks. Everyone's like, I think like there's a mouse in the house. I swear I've been hearing it and I And you've been hanging out with him? Hanging Out with you room? Yeah, well I was sitting so quiet in my room one day and all of a sudden I saw him peek over my trash can. I was like, oh my God. Like he, he's first of all the cutest thing I've ever seen. He called my house mom and I was like, listen to me.


I saw the mouse. We can kill the mouse. Like, he's so cute. Please do not kill the mouse. She's like, I promise I won't kill the mouse. A couple days later I'm sitting at my desk typing away and I go to sit on my foot. Like I stand up to sit on my foot and there's a mouse trap on my foot. Like one of the sticky inhumane ones. Those are so sad. Yeah, exactly. And I'm like, I cannot believe this woman. Whatever. The mouse is already attached. Did you get it? Literally, I, so the Mouse is stuck to your Foot. The mouse trap and the mouse are stuck to my foot. And now I'm look and he's still alive. So I fucking scream bloody murder. And everyone comes to rescue the mouse. I'm so mad at my house, mom. I'm like, how dare you? Because at least like do like a humane trap where you like snap its little neck and then he like doesn't suffer.


So all of us, every girl in the house took the mouse outside on the little trap, used olive oil to try to get him off the little trap. Finally got him off. And I swear to God you guys, I sound like I'm making it up. Hawk comes like from the sky and grabs him. It sounds like a made up story. I'm like, nobody's ever gonna, like if people hadn't witnessed it, nobody would believe me. That would've traumatized me so bad. It was the mo. I was, I never forgave her. Wendy, my house mom. Count your days Wendy. That's so Funny. I have an aunt named Wendy. I understand. So You were in a sorority. I was. What School did you go to? U of a. U of A. What is that? Virginia? University of Arizona. Arizona. Honestly, I said Virginia, University of Arizona.


It's like one of the biggest party schools. So that's where you grew up, right? Yeah. Oh. What was your home life like? Oh, I'm like not the best honestly. But I agree. Wait, I'm a, I'm a granny kid too. Are you really? Yeah. I was watching your clips earlier and I was like, oh my god. We can relate. Yeah, We're gonna click good. Did You for like, did you always live with your grandparents or just It's like after I was nine months old. Okay. I lived with my granny. I was, you start living with yours When I was nine years old. So kind. Kind of different. Oh Yeah. We got it working out here. But It's the best. Did you like it? I love it. Me too. I still live with her. Really? Yeah. I love that. I love my granny. Wait, where do you live? It's like a our south of Nashville. Oh my God. I feel like you're like more country than most people.


I like meet from Nashville. Like you're, you sound more country than honestly you. Any other person I've ever met in my entire life? Like it's like more south than Nashville. Is that possible? Yeah, it's kind of out in the boondocks. We don't have really much. We got like a, a Taco Bell and McDonald's. McDonald's. That's all you need in My opinion. We just got his, we did just get a Zaxby's though. What's a Zaxby's What? Never heard of Zaxby's. That's my favorite chicken joint. Really? Yeah. You haven't never had Zaxby's? No I haven't. Wait, so where are you originally from? From I'm from Arizona. It's like they don't have Zacks, we like cause play country over there. Oh no. Zaxby's, no chicken joints. Honestly. Y'all Have a Wait. We've been to Arizona like Scottsdale.


Yeah, that's like around where I'm from. Okay. It's hot there. Too hot. Yeah, it's, it was really hot there. You still close with your granny? I Am. Well she has dementia so she like is nonverbal now. Aw. But bless her heart. But I go home and like I still go home to my grandparents and me and my grandpa are super close and they're so sweet. They've been together since they were 13. Oh Yeah. 13 years old. They've been together. They got married when they were 19. And he's so cute. He like, he takes care of her. She's like, she's, she can't like walk, speak or do anything now. So he like puts her little hair in a ponytail. That sounds weird. And her nails were always red 'cause her nails were always red like my whole life.


And he paints 'em for her. It's so cute. Stop. That's adorable. It's poor. Been sad but so cute. I wanna get married immediately. You're seeing someone Right now, right? I am. I just, how's it going? It's going really well. It's my first healthy relationship in my entire life. Now. I heard a story earlier today in which I heard the story before but I didn't know it was you. Oh no. The whole Clinton Kane guy. Yeah. I did not know that was you. It Was unfortunately That traumatized you any It traumatized me completely. That's just bizarre. It was that man. I don't, I don't Know the most insane thing I've ever been through. But that was my last serious relationship. And that was like over two years ago or like almost three years ago.


But you got a healthy relationship now, right? Yes. Good. I've never met or I've never like, you know when like, like someone really wants to be with you right away and you obviously just like don't wanna be with that person. Yeah, that's what I do every single time. You sound just like me. Right Joseph? We actually talked about getting high tonight and having a pros and cons list and figuring out what she's got going on over here. Yeah, you Listen to me. It's like a canon event when you're young. When I was 21 that was like my thing. I am like, Ew, you like me, I've gotta go. Yes. And I've also known nothing but toxic relationship so I'm like, that's How I'm scared. I Gotta go. Me. I'm in a healthier relationship. Whoop, whoop. Wait. Good for you. Honestly, you're ahead of the game at 21. It took me so long and like a million people can tell you but until you like learn it for yourself.


Yeah. Like you're just not gonna, it's just gonna keep happening. But I finally like, I went into this and I was like, he's too sure about me. And I like it Scared you a little bit. It did. It scared me. 'cause I was like, like I know that the progression of This is like we just date immediately and there will be nothing wrong with him. And that like freaked me out. But I was like, let me just try it one time. And it's like the best thing I ever did. I was like, okay, Thank you. I felt that way Too. So how did you meet him? He's just like a mutual friend or? We had a mutual friend but he was in a relationship for a long time and so he never came around. I just like heard talks of him and then we finally met and I immediately was like, please date me. Aw, That's sweet. What's he do to like be romantic? Everything. He just, he makes my life so much easier.


He cooks and he cleans and he's so like, he's such like a housewife. I'm not. So we Know who he is, you said No. No. Okay. Which I love also. No, that's a good thing. Also, I Had a phase of like wanting to be with the talent. Don't I don't dream of It. Yeah. I like, well I just wanted someone with like a long, like a exciting life and like that usually comes with like being an artist, being like a comedian or whatever it was. And it, it never ended. Well a comedian never the Comedian, every person I've ever talked to about is always like, don't date someone that's like a celebrity or like Yeah. Like it's just hor and like I'm, I have a problem with like adapting my life to somebody else's.


So if they're doing something like crazy and exciting, it's like I don't have time to do anything for myself. So I'd rather have somebody who just like, And I feel like has a Normal job feel. You would always be like comparing yourself to him, you know? Yeah. And especially, Especially if you're both like in the public eye, It makes, it makes guys insecure. Like I, I would never feel weird about like a guy having like success. But guys always feel weird about girls having success. It's weird. Cough. Cough. Zach. Bryan. Yeah. Wait, what are your guys' thoughts on Zach? Bryan? Why am I talking like I'm country now? Like I'm literally cosplaying That shit. I don't know. That shit fucked me up a little bit. 'cause like I liked them two together but he didn't have to go and do all that to Her. And I was such a big fan girl of Zach Bryan. Like, it was crazy.


Now I'm like, I'm depressed. I'm his biggest fan. Yeah. Say like I was, he was like my number one artist on Spotify. I like, I was gagged when Brianna started dating him and he blocked me. First of all, I like, I, I went to go like my boyfriend sent me his Instagram the other day 'cause I was like, can I try like check something really quick? Blocked me. Why? I dunno. For reason TikTok Is like, what did he say fuck me for? Yeah. Have you, Fuck you Haylen. You know, I could go check. Has he ever, have you ever talked about him on a podcast or? Well, yes, but he blocked me. That might be blocked. He blocked me beforehand. But I think just because like I had met him through Brianna. So I think anyone even like slightly affiliated with Brianna, he blocked. But I was like, I wonder If he blocked me.


I caught a stray. I wanna go look now. If You've ever spoken about him, he's, you're blocked. We did speak about him when we had Brianon and I think that's when like things were like rough between Yeah. 'cause it was like, and we didn't Know. Nobody knew that they were broken up at that time and I think she kind of like alluded to it. Yes. She was like, I wish I never dated someone famous. Yes. And I was like, something's up. So I like felt That asking. I don't have anything personally bad to say about him. His team was really good to us when we done like the revival thing with him. Oh you did that? Yeah. Oh, how fun. But it's, the whole team was like really good to us. But now him, I never actually had a conversation with him. Like to his face to where I could tell you if he was nice or not. I did. And I thought you like, we had like this amazing night.


I went to Cleveland to do Planned Brie Live and he was there and I was like, I, I didn't know he was gonna be there and I'm his biggest fans. I was like, oh shit. Oh shit. And best night ever. He was so nice. I thought that they were like great and apparently he's the biggest loser of all time. That's what I'm saying. It was just too similar to the Clinton situation for me to not be like, oh I hate this man. Yeah, exactly. Like that's, there's an archetype of guy that that is and it's like just insecure little fucking bitch boy. Yes. And I can't get behind it. We're We're about to be blocked after this podcast. I don't give a fuck. I don't either. I already blocked and I'm like, fuck. Like Yeah. What changed y'all's taste in men? I don't, honest to God, I feel like the last time I really went through it I was like, please, if you love yourself at all, do not put yourself in this position again.


And it's like, you know when you know something's gonna be bad and you do it anyway. Yeah, I've been there in one of those, but I don't know. Well you Had like, you and Pookie had like a long like startup kind of, you have like one of the very, very few situation ships into relationship tropes. 'cause that never happens for literally anybody except for you. It was worth waiting for though. Yeah. Like I, I knew there was some good behind him, so I'm getting it all now. I guess. See I he Is a little peach. I Love that though. 'cause it was like, I don't know, I, I just like every situationship I've ever been in, I obviously want it to turn in a relate to a relationship and it obviously never did. And so I love to see somebody else live my dream.


This is the first one I've succeeded in. I'm glad the other ones didn't work out. I got mad my fucking dream. It Worked out the way it did. I'm Glad it did too. I have never seen her ever act like that towards a man At like, you know, you see people in like public that hold hands and they'll kiss and shit. That makes me wanna throw up and die. But until it too. But like if he does it to me, I'm like, shit, okay. You know, that's not, I'm Not always, I was always so miserable seeing everyone else happy. And now that I'm happy I'm like, ugh. Like I'm Likes why I can't even get mad at her. 'cause I'm like, I get it. Yeah, I get it. She's Happy. And I like, usually I would be like, okay, well why would you wanna be with someone who like wasn't sure about you right away? But I loved like what he said about like how he like wanted to make sure that he like he could give you exactly what you wanted.


I'm like, Oh No, he 51 over the audience. I completely sub subscribed to the idea that a guy should be more into the girl. Like I agree. I I think it's, I love my boyfriend. I'm obsessed with my boyfriend, but I, like, one time a girl told me she was, she's married and like happily married and she was like, marry the guy who likes you more than you like him. Aw. And I feel like it started out that way and now I'm just like so obsessed with him. Good. When did you tell him you loved him? I Said it first. Told you I, it's historically in every relationship I've ever been in, I've always said it first. I can't help it if I know I'm gonna tell you. Yeah. And I can't shut the fuck up. But I, I did exactly what you did. I was drunk. Oh God. And I, I, I vaguely remember it and I wish I didn't but like I was like, I have secret.


I was, I was serious. He's like, what the fuck is your secret? And then I told him I love you. And I told him like literally so early on into our relationship, but we had a majorly accelerated relationship to like, But he said it back, right? Yeah. Bookie didn't say it back. Pookie didn't say it back? No. The first time I said it I was like, what the fuck did this bitch just say to me? Well, But didn't you, didn't you say it when you guys were like not dating? Yeah. And we were also hammered and Having sex. Yeah. Sometimes. Okay, that's Don't say that. Go go. His mama watches this. You said it. Yeah you already, you already said it. It's fine. Yeah, during that I've had that happen to me. And so you don't usually assume that someone means it 'cause it's like obviously your judgment is clouded in that moment.


So I probably wouldn't have said it back either if someone said it to me in that situation. Fair enough. But I don't, I don't think anything's weird about the girl saying it first. Normally Me trying to like normalize, I'm like I Don't either but I just can't bring myself to it Really. Like I can't I to like beat her when she's like about to leave or something. I'm like okay, I'm bye. I love, you know she's bye. No to you. I love you guys. I love you all time. You didn't say I love you. No, I say it all the time to Y'all. Half the time I don't ever hear it and I'm like, did you say it? And you're like, yeah. I said it and I'm like okay. And I'll go on about my day. I get self offended if I tell you I love you, you better say it back. I don't say that shit to just anybody. You know. I Agree. I think I, every time I've ever said I love you to someone, I am very confident that they love me back.


I wouldn't say it if I didn't think they loved me back. That's like me looking at this guy over here. That's you. I love you. Sorry. See? See. Good response. I'm Afraid of getting, I didn't get very far wrong answer. Do you have like a certain type in man like look wise, If you looked at my track history, it would look like you literally just like walked into the DMV. Like it. I've never, every guy is so like different from one another. It's like I can't believe I've even found people that different. Okay. Same. I was like, I feel like I don't have a set type either. It's like all over The place. I all, but it's, 'cause I usually don't date for looks same. So it like it could really be anybody.


Yeah. And sometimes I wish I was dating for looks, I'm trying to think. I'm like, do I have a certain type? Do I, They've all had like dark hair And like blue eyes kind of besides That's a type Besides that one. Yeah. Buzz cut. You had a buzz cut. I love a buzz cut. Well He ended up getting, is that what you call that? A buzz cut? Are you talking about? We can cut that out, but Avery cut that out. Are you, is that who you're talking about? Yeah. Well he has dark hair but Haley drove him crazy to the point where he shaved his head. That is So admirable. He's, we're still okay terms I think for the most part because I don't think I drove him too fucking crazy.


I mean he's still keeping it bald. Did he tell you that? Or was like it was like implied. It was like right after they like ended things. The next time I seen him I was like, I texted Hailey and I said he's bald. And she was like, what? And I was like, he's bald. Bald Or buzz cut. 'cause those are two like different Things. I've seen him, I seen him from afar. So I was like, this motherfucker like Bald enough. Yes. I was like, he's, 'cause he used to have a head full hair and next time I seen him I was like, this bitch made him shave his head. This is so me though, like every time I get out of a relationship I have to have like a drastic change to my whole person. But I also changed my, like, I hate to admit this, but in all my relationships until this one I've changed my entire personality to match them. So it's like, I was just like literally riding horses, like thinking I was country in my last relationship.


It's like I didn't need to do all that. Did I say that on your like Instagram, you were riding horses? I found out I liked it so I committed to the bit and like I still love horses and stuff, but I did that fully for a man. What's The craziest thing you've done for a man? Well first of all, like the Clinton situation, I knew that was happening and still was with him for like a good month. I feel like every girl has that D Lulu. Yeah. When you're just like, I yeah, Yeah. I'm gonna stick beside Him. Like you try to make it work, you know? Yeah. But why like that was like, No, that, that was too fucking far. That right there would've got him a brick over the head from my end. But I was, I, I needed somebody to talk some sense into me, but I couldn't tell my friends.


So I was like, we got friends Like that that needed some serious help with the men they picked. But it's, I feel like it's a normal stage. Everyone goes through it. Yeah. But also if you're lying to your friends, ever get rid of that guy. 'cause it's like, yeah, that's how I know every single time. Like if I am embarrassed to tell my friends something, like I should not be with that person. I'm trying to convince myself that my one friend that I have is just going back to the same guy until she gets tired of him and then she's just gonna like give him the boot. But I, I don't know if we're gonna get there. Chelsea, wait, what Are your guys' thoughts on like the theory? Like go back until you hate him. I think you should do it because I've done it. We say that every time. Like really? Yes. That's what we tell our friends Feel that way. I've done it, but my problem Is I'm not confident enough that I can make like ever hate them.


Do you keep in touch with your ex or anything? I, I don't Either. I don't, I can't think of one ex that would even still be in the same room as me to be honest. That's fair enough. High school, Like y'all high school all on bad terms. All of them. But like every relationship that I've had has been like a real extreme like circumstance where it's like I feel like neither one of the two I know about are like your fault though. You I mean that's how I feel too. But also it's like at what point am I the problem? You know? That's fair. How many times can something like that happen and it's like, wait, maybe it's you. I don't think it's you. Well Thank you. Well I think it's my choices. Like I think I'm like, again, I was going for these guys that I, I was like This is gonna be a huge mess.


I should do this. You did it for the plot. I did It also the Plot. But then I got like real like trauma in the process. It happens. I don't Talk Tuah either one of mine. I mean I'm not on bad terms with him or anything, but I don't Talk Tuah him either. It's like, you know you Shouldn't 'cause you're in hell yeah, I'm happy over Here. Keep that Bullshit. Yeah. I don't want my boyfriend talking to any of his exes. And I will, I'll avoid mine too. Although like, I guess that's not even by choice. Like do you let your Boyfriend have girlfriends? Yeah. Oh Yeah. I think I'm okay with it too. As long as I know they're just girlfriends, they're safe. Now if I see something else in there, you done for Uhuh? I, This is like my first time I've ever been in a relationship.


It felt like I, you don't have to worry about anything. Really. Trust him. Yeah, I agree with that. I'm usually like a go through their following, look at every single pho like photo they've ever posted. See if he's liked him. And when all The tack photos like yeah, that's me. That's what I was telling her last night. Pookie said his phone down beside me and I heard him over there snoring. I was like looking at the phone, looking at the tv, looking at the phone, looking at the tv. And I was like, ah, I trust him. I rolled over and went to bed. I didn't even look at it. Aw, Good for you. That's how you know. So Why so why are you keeping your new man a secret? Is there like a reason or are you just like, I don't feel like he's a secret. I posted him. Oh. Like did you? Yeah. Do people know who he is? I No, people don't know. Like, like I guess I thought you were asking like if he was like known but Oh Yeah, No, I like, I post his face like I don't care if people see him.


He's just like kind of private. Oh. Like his Instagram's private. He doesn't want, like, he wouldn't come to the Gladiator premier. He's like absolutely not. Like I just don't, he doesn't want anything to do with it, which is like such a green flag to me. You've influenced me. Me and Pookie had a chat yesterday about like if he needs to make his Instagram private. And I was like, you know what, no, I trust you, whatever. But then again, I got my doubts. It's not like a him thing I'm worried about. It's just, I don't know. It's just other women messaging him. Yeah. And then I got something on my Snapchat story today and it was like, yeah, Pookie's been texting this friend of his girlfriend. That's bullshit. There was one I saw in the comments, so I was like, Kelby looks like a gay Mr.


Beast. Oh Yeah. Saw That. And I was like, what the fuck does that mean? I don't even think he looks like Mr. Beast. Wait, KBY, is that Pooky? Kelby Kby. Maybe It's Kelby. What? K-E-L-B-Y. Kelby. Kelby Kelby. You sounded so Country Kelby. Kby name is Really good. It is Kilby. That's such, such a cute name. Cute. Everyone sits on it too. I'm like that's so cute. I love that name. Do you guys think you'll name like your kid's nuts? Something normal or no? No. I'm gonna name mine after my best friend. Aw, like McClay. That's it's gonna be Master Maddie. That's So cute. I'm kind of like a boy name though. Like we were talking about earlier though, like Blake, I like that.


Like Blake McClay Don't steal my, my fucking and names just for like a girl. I haven't thought about boy names. I don't, I Only think about girl names too. But I have have a cat named Murphy and I, even though her name is Murphy, I, my first born will be named Murphy no matter what. Murphy. I love That. And I'm gonna have Murphy and Murphy for however many years. Murphy's still alive. I love that. That is golden. You haven't thought about any kid names, have you? I only think about like boy names. Really? Okay, well What'd you got? Like This is, y'all gonna be like, what the fuck? But I like Rigsby. No, I think it's so cute. I love that. I dunno why. See, I knew she was gonna make that face. No, I was thinking, I was like, that's off something, isn't it? I was like, so I think I heard it somewhere and I was like, that's so cute.


That is cute. I feel I, I feel like I've heard that somewhere too. Maybe I had like, I hate when people start doing like crazy spellings though. And it'll be like Bailey and it's like B-A-Y-L-E-G-I-H. Oh wait, fuck. Yeah. I was, how fuck when she saw my birth? She's a kid. Don't Mind that. No, But that actually people, no people spell Hailey that way, but it's like, you know when like, it'll be like Amber Lee and it's Like, and it's spelled with like L-E-I-G-H and it's got like some other shit in it. And I'm like, what? Yeah, like been a teacher and you're asking a kid Like, Hey, do you spell your name baby. Oh, oh Blake. B-L-C-K-E-Y. Just yeah, Shit. Like whatever Elon Musk Is doing LC Blacky. And you know what?


I should have thought about that before I made that comment. Did you ever watch The Secret Live of Mormon Wives? I Haven't watched it, but people always say I look like one of the girls. You Do? Who is it? I can't remember her name. You look like one of 'em though. I can't. She does like a, I've never watched it. You look kinda like Demi. She's a bad bitch. I will say that she's, I like Thank you In advance. I've never seen, I've never seen her, but I got into it. I Come from like a pretty Mormon area, like a lot. There was a lot of Mormons in my school. We had like seminar at my school. I like that show. I, it's just so interesting. I was like, there's no way all this shit goes on in there. I know. And like, do you think it's like, do you think like the the traditional Mormon community is like really offended by the show? I've actually seen it, so like probably I could see it.


They're probably Mortified. Yes. I'm sure They probably knew by then that they were like Jack Mormons. So does ever okay To say Jack Mormon? Do What? Like if you just, I don't know, go crazy or whatever. They like disown you. I know the Mennonites do it. I had A girl, my, my high school, she was like one of my close friends, but she was dating a Mormon guy, converted then she like went on this like crazy drug binge converted again. And it was like back and forth and I was like, at what point are they like, you cannot come back. Yeah. Like, and you can't be like re virginized. Like you're supposed to be like a virgin. Yeah. But then they like do soaking like have you heard about soaking? I found your friend. What? He's in my lawn, isn't it? Not that. Oh My dude, he was over.


You sitting with me go. Oh, he's, he's probably so fucked up Swimming in there. Oh, poor guy. At least he died drunk. What? What is Forget Mormons. Oh. Have you heard about soaking Uhuh? Where they Like, like a guy will like enter a woman and then they just stay still. And because there's no like actual thrusting, it's not illegal. They Just sit there. Yeah, they Just sit there and like, there's rumors that sometimes a third party will shake the bed so that it's like they're not personally making any movements, but like the world is moving and so therefore there as well. That's just too much. No, but it's a thing The Amish do that.


That's, have you not heard of the Bedsheet theory? No. Evidently they cut a hole in it, like so they can't see each other and they're like, put it over the woman and then they put their picker in the hole. And I, I don't do it. I'm so serious. That's all granny reads. Like, like her smut books. It's like Amish smut books. I swear to you there's like 10 in the couch. I'm so serious. What's A smut book? Like a, like a dirty book. Did you not ever read that book? Icebreaker Uhuh. That shit was dirty. I really liked that book. Hear me out. Need to read it. I love when a book is like a little like crazy, but then it's like if anyone's read it, read it. I'm like afraid to be in the airport and like know I'm like lowkey reading like a porno. I always get paranoid. Somebody's like looking over my shoulder. If I'm in like public Me too.


Or If you're watching like a scary movie on or like a like sexy movie on the plane or something and I'm, you gotta like skip it just so I just pretend I'm not watching. There's nothing worse than like when I'd be watching like a movie in my bedroom. If it was like a rainy day outside, you know, it was like a little cool outside and I'd be watching all the 50 Shades movies and granny would open the door, I'd just, I'd pause that motherfucker. I'd be like, yes granny. And they'd be paused at the nastiest part and she's like, what the fuck is that? And I'm like, ah. I don't know. Some movie that come on. I love it. It's just an awkward conversation. Probably watches those too though. She reads the freaking, no Granny likes her soap operas. She loves those. And there's nothing more sexual than a soap opera. S What I saying? Yeah, that's kind of gross. I just thought about that. Gran Granny granny's a girl too.


Yeah. Yeah. She probably had, she probably had a hawk to a face. I need to ask her that. She probably smacked me in my mouth. Bless her heart. That's so interesting to think. I don't even like to think about that. I don't wanna think about it either. Because like sometimes she'll go like divorced my pawpaw and so he like lives in our backyard in his little cabin. I love that. But sometimes he'll go, she'll go up there and she, he's like breakfast, He like, you can't get rid of me. Yeah, He's just up there. He don't ever bother nobody. He always waves at us, you know, carries on about his business with his little dog. But sometimes she'll go up there and I can't ever find her and she'll be up there for a while. She's like, oh, he cooked me breakfast. Did he? Did he cook you breakfast Granny?


Honestly though, I like, I don't, I think I'm with her on that one. I think that's okay. I don't wanna think about it though. Like honestly I get it. Yeah. And it's just convenience right in your backyard. Don't you ever say that to me about my granny. I hope my ex-husband loves me enough to move in my backyard. Well they were still married when he moved in the backyard. Oh. Oh, that's how you know. Yeah. And then he went to Prison for a few years 'cause he shot. Okay. I better not say that happened To everybody, honestly. Yeah, He's just a little goofy. We still love him though. Yeah. I don't have a family member that hasn't been to prison. Not even one. I Feel like I have a bunch that's been like in and outta jail. Me too. It's like a rite of passage.


I Agree. Except for me, I'm the only one who hasn't been to prison. I haven't either. Yeah. You think? I think I'd have a good time in prison. Honestly. My mom went to federal prison and she loved it in there. It's like camp IPads. Mom's ever been to federal prison? I know she's been to jail a lot. Jail. Jail sucks. I think jail sucks. And state prison sucks, but federal prison, like you have iPads and like hair salons. That'd be kind of fun though. Yeah, exactly. And like free food and no rent. That's true. Structure time. I'm like, prison's amazing. Sometimes I like lowkey, like want my mom to go to prison? I'm like that would be so good for her. Bless her.


Yeah. But Martha Stewart went there. Go to prison. That's true. Martha Stewart what? Hailey don't she cook? Yeah, she cooks. What She was cooking up, She was cooking up some, she had cook Up some Illegal stock information. She went to prison for like trade like, like she was owned like a bunch of stock in a company I think. And then they were about to go under something and she sold like mysterious, like she had in a tip. Like she, they told her like, listen, like you should sell. And she did. And then she went to prison for it. Which honestly like I would do if somebody tipped me off and was like, oh you're about to lose a bunch of money. I would've done it too. But it's like, honestly, Honestly same.


But also like how can you control if someone gives you the tip or not. Like what if they just told me that and now I just had to do it. But she only went for like a year. But it was like one of her biggest things. She got like Martha Stewart got canceled and then she wasn't back until she like, I mean she lost like billions of dollars, had to sell her company. But then she did the Justin Bieber roast. Honestly you have to just watch her documentary. This is not where I'm getting all information. You also Canceled podcast. I dunno if Martha would come on the canceled podcast. But Martha, you're welcome. If you wanna come, I would die. I'm obsessed with her. So are you excited about coming back from being canceled? Yeah. I mean if, I don't know if there's such a thing as coming back from being canceled, but like I feel like you did.


I'm, I'm hopeful. I try. You got any tips to keep us away from it? I don't know. I don't, if I knew how to stay away from it, I would've hopefully not been canceled to begin with, but Fair enough. Yeah. I mean Tana's like really helpful in it. She'll like Talk Tuah me about it. 'cause obviously she's been been canceled a million times and she's like, like there's just nothing you can do. You know what I mean? I Just don't see Tana not being canceled. It's fucking Tana. She says anything she thinks of. That's what I like most about her though. Yeah. And she's like, she's got tougher skin than I do. So she's like, you just can't, you know what I mean? Like it's your job. Like you have to keep, keep pushing, you know what I mean? So that's kind of what I've done. But she like, I don't know, she's inspirational.


She's like, they call her like cockroach of the internet because she's just like, she just won't go. And I'm like, she's she's like your grandpa. She's like me in in a relationship. She's Never really canceled. Like Susan. Well you Have to be like if some, like you have to say like, oh I'm cancel. Like you have to disappear to be canceled and she just hasn't in history. Yeah. So she was kind of like helpful in that. She was like, well just keep posting. Like there's just nothing you can do. I freaking love her. She's amazing. When I met her At poker and where did I meet her at? Was this the bathroom? I love that woman. Soon as I laid eyes on her I was like, ah, She looks, I was, oh my God, real. I was like, dude, she's perfect first. She's perfect. I'm obsessed Her. I'm saying I feel like she's like People Like, because she's like known to be like a face tuner.


I feel like people assume that she's not gonna be like Yeah, And you see her in person and she looks like hell, she's been face tuned in person. I, and She pisses me off. I'm like, get out of these. Literally I was, you look Perfect. She serves every bit of it. She got ass face titties. She got it all Bad. I know. And she's smart and she's rich and she's everything. Fuck yeah. You just can't beat Tana. You can't. So, and there's also no one like her. No, there really isn't. How did you guys meet? We Just met at a party and like her whole group is all influencers. So I just like, kind of like we like ended up there one day and never left. So was it like, was it her podcast or did you guys start it out together? It was her podcast, but she had called me the day of and was like, will you just be on the first episode and it was like, it was originally three of us, me, her, and our friend Hunter.


And then I just was on every episode after that. And so Were you nervous? I was so nervous. Like in the beginning. I'm sure you guys have experienced it too, but like No, exactly. That's in the beginning. It's just like, you don't, it's not natural. Like it feels strange. Like even if it is like a conversation with your best friend, it feels like weird because it's like there's camera. Yeah, That's exactly how it was for us especially. 'cause we wasn't like in the influencer world, like we, we were not used to any of it. It's strange. And still like we struggle a little bit. Like it's admirable that you guys have like guests. Like we can't have guests 'cause like neither of us are good. Well she's better than I am. But like we struggle with like interviewing and not talking over a guest and like we just suck at it.


So we try to just do only us. I'm socially all person. Sometimes that's what wanna do. We wanna do like a podcast with just us. Like an episode at least. Yeah, you should like sprinkle 'em in. 'cause like sometimes when people like wanna just watch you, like if someone comes in that they don't know they're not interested in the episode, you know what I mean? That's what Like a lot of people tell us too. Like we won't Hear what y'all have to say and we're like, You should. And that's when you'll like really like Exactly. Like when it's just us. Like you'll get so much funny shit out of Hailey and like everyone will love it. That's the thing. Like it's it ever, the best market for podcasts is like best friend conversations. I feel like at least in our experience, like when we have a guest on every single time without fail, it could be like the best guest ever in our opinion.


And the comments will be like, we want solo episodes. Fuck yeah. I saw Tana do one, I think she was in Hawaii one time and she done it like on her balcony on her phone. I was like, I envy this woman. She can do it anywhere. She's just so entertained. She can make a story out of anything. It's like the most amazing thing in the world. What Was it? Her and her boyfriend were for Halloween. I was giggling. They were avatars, Sharpey and Oh Yeah. And what's his name? Corbin Blue. Whatever his character's name was. Chad. Chad. Oh yes. I do remember Seeing that. I saw it and I was like, all right, they win. They won it. They were so funny. They dressed up as Avatar because they like, they got caught up watching avatar porn. What? Which I Didn't know that. I didn't know it existed. But apparently there's like pretty much everything you could possibly imagine out there.


So There's a lot of sick things on the internet, But I just can't imagine like, is there really a market for that? Like are there people who are searching like avatar porn? I mean apparently, yeah. Well how did you even think of that though? Did you ever have, you obviously had class with like all the football players and shit. Do you know what nugget porn is? Is it Sick? Little people? It's it's sick. It's, what was it? Was Nugget porn the one with no limbs or was it the No, It's little people. They showed me one with no limbs one time. Like it was just these two people, they had no limbs and they were like, I don't, I don't even know what you call that. They, they couldn't, you know, do nothing.


You know What, some people like that shit. So Why is it like almost so specific? 'cause it's like how many people in the world don't have limbs? Right? And then out of those people, how many want to get into the adult film industry? So it's really special. Actually There's a lot of weird shit on the internet. Oh Well Did you say might Tyson's Cheeks? I did. Do you guys think that was intentional? I Thought it was funny. I thought it Was hilarious. I thought it was like an office bit, but then everyone's like Netflix is gonna get sued. Like Yeah, I saw that. But I think it was intentional, like why else would his cheeks just be out? Right. I keep seeing the tiktoks of him and I just wanna give him a hug. I heard too, I've Seen him in a Bumblebee costume and I was like, stop.


Did you Watch his Barbie unboxing? Yes. When he had the little strawberry shortcake. He's Like so sweet. And he's so sweet. It was depressed. Did you guys watch? Well of course you did. You went. Yeah. Were you there? I was also sad How Fun it was. It was so much fun. But I hated watching him get hit. 'cause I'm like, he's He's older. Yeah. That was you and Pookie's first outing together, right? Yeah, for the most part. Besides like Target and stuff. But we weren't together. 'cause me and you sat together and then him and Maddy sat in the Yeah. Box thingy together. So I dunno, I feel like the effects didn't hit like they should have. Yeah. 'cause he, he wasn't with me the whole time, but We were still walking around with them at the event. Yeah. Did you not hear that crowd when we were getting on the golf cart? Like, hey, Hilarious.


It scared me. Does This overwhelm him? Like all of, I think he eats it Up personally. He likes it. He likes a little Think He's excited. Everybody does. So he, Yeah, you're lying if you say you don't like it, right? Like in some capacity. It's exciting and it's fun. I mean, shit, when all this shit first started happening with me, I was like, okay, that's fucking weird. Yeah, because you already had Pooky for like years at that point, right? Yeah. So was that so I would've felt so kind. I would've been like, check this one out. Look what I did. I was excited. He He was involved, right? Didn't he Say like, didn't you say it in the video? Which one? Pooky. Like in the, Yeah. I love you Pooky. Where's a hat at for? Oh shit. I got you a present. My dumbass. Oh my God. I'm glad I said that. Oh my God.


This is the best day of my life. I'm gonna wear this every day. And it literally looks like what I'm wearing right now. I knew the colors. Oh that matches Perfectly. It does match. Perfect. Oh My God, I'm so excited. I think I left mine at your house. What's the most embarrassing online moment you've had? Well, I know mine. Go Ahead. What Is it? Maybe well getting canceled. Oh, That, Oh Yeah. Yeah. That does count. Getting Canceled or Honestly like everything with like, I don't know, do you have one? I'm gonna say that video. You know the one where I was singing Megan Maroni song?


Oh Yeah. And everybody said I'm pigeon toed. Fuck y'all. Oh no. I thought it was the cutest video ever. Wait they were, I went to the Com. People are so mean. They were like, that's now I have, I literally have one. You made me think of one. My glam bot. Okay. I was so excited about my glam bot. I thought I, you got to do One of those. And it was on like the most, it was literally like, there was a compilation of the most awkward glam bot and I was on it and I was like, I posted it. Like I grid posted it myself, like I liked it that much. And then everyone was like, Oh No, I hate That. Oh too. Like you post something you feel so good about and everybody's like, what the fuck is this? And you're like, Like That video's found Out I had a big forehead. Like Dude, evidently I got a lazy eye.


I ain't got a lazy eye. I just got a twitch. I have a twitch too. See it's just when you smile too hard you just, it goes a little. I get a little, yeah, that's okay. And you're just really Happy. I take it back. The most embarrassing videos when they posted me this weekend when I was on the fucking dance floor. Fuck that shit. That Wasn't even embarrassing. It was fucking hilarious. You should never be embarrassed to be fun. Exactly. Thank you. I was boogieing Chelsea said, Oh no, our jacket's coming off. That shit was funny. What's something that recently humbled you? Oh, Is it the same? Yeah, probably. Honestly the internet just humbles me every single day. Like I'll feel good about myself and then I'll check like my comments and it'll be like, This is the most awkward person.


Like even just last night I was so like excited at the Gladiator premier. I was like feeling so good. And everyone's like, why are her arms always like that? And I'm like, how do you even do wrong arms? Like I'm glad we're not the only ones that get shit like that. Like It's just stupid. Like at the fight. Stupid comment. You Were so excited. Like I understand something that's valid, like you're upset some about something like valid. But I literally, there was a video the other day about, I was how I was blinking too hard in the Jeffrey Star episode. Dude, I love people. Like honestly they were right. Anything but like The internet literally just Picks out anything they can find wrong with you. But you'll click on their profile picture and it's like them like just che and in their mom's basement or something. My my favorite is, and I'm sure you get this too, but it's follow back.


Why are you writing like horrible things about me and then following me and you follow like 30 people. Yeah. It's really just people who are unhappy with themselves. Exactly. That's, I never Written a hate comment and I Exactly. You know, The only time I get that way is when I see something and my comments I don't like about like my friends or something. Same like you. Like I saw you, you about Grace O'Malley a few weeks ago. That shit tore me up. I was in the comments eating that shit. It piss pissed me off. I'm so Bad. Oly, I'm, she's like literally like the best person I've ever met. She's such a sweetheart. Like I don't understand how anybody couldn't like her. And I read something and it really just, It's just miserable people and miserable people just wanna make other people miserable. But Grace Somali's like actually my favorite person On the planet. Exactly. Like she's just happy to fucking be there.


Leave her the hell alone. So yeah. Humbling internet. Is There any celebrity that you guys would use as a Hallt Pass? Oh, I'm content with my man and that is my answer. No, that is my answer right there. I ain't getting Show. I'm like, shit, that's not my answer. Yeah, that's, I was say, I'm totally kidding, but I just had this conversation last night. 'cause Paul Mez, Paul Mezcal is in Gladiator and he's So did you watch, like, do you know Paul Mezcal? Nope. He's Like, he's new to me 'cause I like just only have seen him in normal people. But I knew he was gonna be there last night and I was straight up, told my boyfriend, I'm like, check it out. I'm going for Paul. And he's like, go have fun. Like, he's so secure.


He's like, okay. Never Him actually do anything. 'cause I love him, but he like, I mean I love I He's so hot. You ever seen, what's his name? Ian? Summer Holder. Oh yes, of course you watch Okay. Diaries. Fuck Yeah. I love Vampire Diaries. I guess that'd be mine. Okay, So good. But like as demon. Yeah, Like Kill me. I love That. Please. Okay, let's see. Is there anyone you'd get in the boxing ring with? Oh fuck. Honestly, like I've thought about like knowing how much money they make, I'm like, shit, I'll fight someone. That's What I'm saying. Beat my ass for 20 million. Hell, I don't give a damn.


Should we fight each other and just like, like contractually, like couldn't. I'd laugh my ass off. We would have, it's gotta be somebody I actually hate though. I feel like. No, but like I would too many people would rally behind you. I would get insecure. No, they rally behind you. Especially like the fighting community. They would be like, ah, Tuah like so exciting. Exciting. They got One time to boo me though. And I'm gonna cry. I would, that's something I'm Mortified. That's the thing. I don't have tough enough skin for it, but I don't either. If For the, for the right payout, I will fight any, I'll fight Mike Tyson at This point. You know what? Hell yeah, me too. Who would you fight? Chelsea? You. No, I'm just fighting. I'm just Kidding. You know, you wouldn't fight. I wouldn't. I couldn't actually. I say I would but I wouldn't. Chelsea's got Jojo.


Jojo would beat my ass. Jojo would beat my jojo. Would I be knocked out in the first three seconds? She could go like three V ones. I Jo could take All of us. She was even like a sweetheart. Even she is. And I, I fuck with Jojo. I do too. She is me Too. Going back and my and forth. I get confused sometimes.


Chelsea holiday season's coming up, you know, it would be exciting to have for it. What? A hundred thousand dollars for gift shopping. Nothing too big. If only there was a way to make a hundred thousand dollars so I can get every gift I could possibly want. And ideally making that a hundred k while having fun and watching sports. Oh wait, Betr Picks is the only pick on fantasy app where you can win a hundred thousand dollars. All NFL season long, you're one Betr Picks lineup away from winning a hundred thousand dollars download, better make it a hundred K lineup and go have the best holiday season of your life. Download, better play Betr Picks.


She, She came on canceled. I had like a minute where I was like, I don't know if I'm on team jojo. But she really won me back lately. Like, Oh Yeah, that was me at first. That was us. It was like before I met her. Like I was like, I don't know, she kind of scares me. Then I met her and I was like, wait, I I fuck with you. I like her. I think she's just like a brilliant business person. Like I think she's 10 steps ahead and we all just like didn't get it until we got it. You know what I mean? Yeah. And how she deals with hate. Like I love It. That's how she won me over. Yeah. I was like, she gets hate on, hate on. She gets hated on like every day. Like I always see something on TikTok over her and it's just fucking mean. But she's still out here having fun with it. She's happy. She's so much richer than all of us. And I just, you know, I respect, Respect that it has a car with her face on it.


I think she has four cars with her face on it. Dude, I wanna drive one. She told me I could. Yeah, she has. I think to cancel, she brought her Lambo truck with her face on it. That is so sick. Jojo's so swag. She's just March the beat of her own drum. This is, yeah. All right, I got one more question for you. What's, what's one moving bed that makes the mango crazy? Oh, see, I, I should have been prepared for this question and I'm so scared of it. I don't know. I'm like, so I'm known for like being, and I hate to say this, but I'm like such a, just like lay there like dead fish. That's me. That's my like, normal move. I'm, I have no hawk to in me.


I've got it Takes a real woman to admit that though. And you know what? I'm not ashamed of it. And there is a market for that and I'm, I'm tired of people coming for me for it because some people just like that. Like it's normal. I think missionary is so I'm like, fuck. I'm proud. That's okay Though. Yeah. It takes A real woman to admit that. Yeah. I don't know if I have a good Answer. She wins. She wins at all of the questions. What was the, what was the trick that Tana was talking about on FaceTime? Oh God, that's like, it's something I discovered by accident and it's so mortifying, but it's not even something in bed.


It's like literally a masturbation situation. But on tour, like I was in a real extenuating circumstance and I was No, I Understand. Don't explain yourself to me. I fucking understand. It was like a, honestly it was an emergency. Okay. And and the, like, I used a vibrator on the toilet, like, not even like, not obviously while I was gonna the bathroom, but like there was nowhere to go. I couldn't be in the shower 'cause the shower was flooding and I just sat on the toilet and it was like actually a life changing experience and I should be ashamed to admit that. But it was so life changing that I would be doing everyone a disservice to not tell you about it. So just try. Don't knock it till you try it sitting up. You don't have to be on the toilet, but the toilet is convenient 'cause there's a hole.


You know what I mean? You kind be the funniest motherfucker I've ever met. No, but it, I'm not kidding. And now, and now it's like, how do I explain this to a man? Because it's like I have to be sitting up because no, like laying it just ISN isn't the same thing. So I'll be upright and that's just it. And it, it's, I go, I, I told Tanana this and I was like, I, I don't know how to say this without being offensive, but I go complete Stephen Hawking like, like paralyzed because it's like I literally can't move. And you know what? That's my, that's my hot take One, One move. That'll make you go Crazy. That's our hot take. Yeah. For educating. And I've said too much.


Wow. Well Thank you for coming on. Talk Tuah us. We will definitely not forget you. Thank you so much. Such Good way to ending Tana, we'll see you next, right? Hey y'all, I hope you enjoyed the show And if you haven't gotten yourself any Talk Tuah, a merch, be Sure to click the link in the description below so we can match. Tag me and Talk. Tuah it while you're watching the episode And let us know what you think. And before you go, don't forget. Subscribe. Subscribe to that thing.