
If you want more, go like, comment, subscribe to Talk Tuah with HALIEY Welch. While you're watching this, take a picture and tag me and tell me who you want next. And I'll be sure to repost Welcome back to Talk to Emphasis.


I'm really excited about my new merchant. If you want some for yourself, go to Shop Better app. And one more time. Shop Dot Better App.


Hello there. And. Welcome to episode three of Talk two. I'm HALIEY. And I'm Chelsea. And our special guest of the day. Come on in here girl. All girl. Kaitlyn Bristowe. Who are you guys? We're Good wine. Are you? Heck yeah. You got your cup over there, don't you? Oh My gosh. Ew. I saw water First. Water. Yeah. Eh, nobody. The fish have sex in that. We don't drink that. That's a good way to Put it. I learned many things from working in a restaurant and it's all the like cheesy one liners that guys would use and they're like, oh, I don't want that Fish have sex in that. And I was like, well I'm gonna recycle that one. Wait, you used To work in a restaurant too? Yes. 11 years.


I worked in the restaurant biz, which is how I came to have a love for wine. 'cause I had to teach servers about wine knowledge. So now I'm like, you know, it's called research and development. What Kind of restaurant did you work in? It was like, I, I can't compare it to anything in America. It was Canada and it was basically like, like a high-end Chili's. If you came to my table and you like served me food, I'd be hitting on you the whole time. Oh Yeah. You would? Yeah. Really? I definitely would be. My God. God. Were you like a server or bartender? Both. I had to do server bartender and then go into management, which I had no business doing. 'cause I was probably just drinking wine. Yeah. Out of one of these actually.


Fair enough. We got you a little gift. Wait. You did? We did. I was about to just tell you how proud I am of you. I'm still proud of you. Oh, I of you. I get hot to a merch. Oh. Yeah. You do shit. Wait, so you read the shirt? You gotta read the shirt. Okay. I need to Talk to a therapist. Well I do that quite often actually. Do you really? Oh my gosh. I've got, listen, I've, I've got a ther Thank you. Well of course I've got a therapist, I've got a life coach, I've got a spiritual coach. I've got, I've got it all. I am locked and loaded with tools, yet still. I'm 39 and not married.


What does a Spiritual coach do? Oh, we go through visualizations. We like go into our higher selves. It's I Talk Tuah, my inner child. It's, it's quite ridiculous. Talk. Tuah your inner child. Yeah. You guys are still kids though. That's why you can't do it. Oh. Yeah. If I saw my yourself, I'd be like, who the fuck gave you those bangs? Bitch Bangs are always a bad idea. Yeah, I'm kind of myself. What would you say to your younger self if you could, if you could tell her one thing? Yeah. We'll would do, if I could tell my inner child one thing, I'd be like, Make DICK JOKES. Yeah. Make, make DICK JOKES. We need a hat that says that.


Yes, because I make those two. I don't know why it's not normalized. Like there's bigger problems out in the world. Yeah. Why are you worried about me cracking a DAA joke? Yeah. I joke a dick joke. I There. We Go. You just made a new thing. That's A thing. Yeah, that's a new thing now. Dope. That's merch. Put it on a T-shirt right now. Yeah. Dope. So you like making DICK JOKES too, don't You? I do. I'm like, I'll never forget I was I when I was the Bachelorette so many years ago. I'll never forget this guy coming up to me and he said, honestly, I think you're just here to make out with dudes and make fart jokes. And I was like, fair. I'd be like, who sent you? How do you know that I was like, that's, that's actually valid point. I love a fart joke. So how did you feel on the Bachelorette?


Like you got like so many men throwing themselves at you. It's the only time that you walk into a room and just like 30 men stand up and clap for you. And I really took that in. Like I was like, be in the moment. Caitlyn Oh Yeah walk. Every time I walked into a room they'd just stand up and clap for me and I'd be like, oh my God. And then you get a little too used to it. Yeah, that's Okay. But it was fun for like five minutes and then I hate hurting people's feelings. So I was just constantly like disappointing people that I actually, I'm still friends with a lot of the guys though. That's good though. Yeah. Little speech. So you wouldn't go back and do it again if you could? No. See I always say if I was on one dating show I would do The Bachelor or the Bachelorette. Like I couldn't do Love Island or anything like that. Why Not? I don't think I could do The Bachelorette. There's too many men and I'm like, I don't know.


I think, I don't think I could focus on so many men coming up to me like get away from me. You know? There's too many of you go on. But This is why you are you. This is why you are you, you would make the most entertaining season. I feel like that franchise have has done the same format for what, like 35 years. Switch it up. We need to mix it up. Get you in there who you're like, you're like, ah, I don't like affection. Yeah. Get away from me. It would Be hilarious. The guys would want you so much more. But I just, I think I'm saying My main What about, what about being on the Bachelor? Like competing with Other girls. We're coming back to that. You did that didn't you? Competing against other girls. Yeah.


I was like the girl that was there to make friends. All the girls were like, I'm not here to make friends. See, that's What I would be like. I would, I have some of my best friends out of it and I remember people like getting like all the girls got pretty attached to each other. And when they would go home, people would start crying and I'd be like, guys, we're here to get rid of people. Like This is a good thing. Like you're still here. But it was interesting, like a lot of estrogen in one room. You would think it would be really catty. I thought we were gonna have a boring season because we all got along and then editing is a beautiful thing. And I watched it back and I was like, oh damn, damn. When did that happen? I feel like If I was on that I'd be more concerned like about the female friendships. Yeah. Like Sure there's men, but I'm not here for you. I'm here for the women, you know? Yeah.


You're a girl's girl. Girl Power. Yeah. I think we need more girls. Girls. We need more girls. Girls. People like to think, I'm not a girl's girl, but I really am deep down. I just make inappropriate jokes. I think you're a girl's Girl. I really am. We're two Peas in a pod. We in a podcast. That's kind of funny. Yeah, you've probably made that joke before, but it's okay. Okay. Wait, can we go back to what you said you're dating somebody? Do people know this? Oh well I wouldn't say dating just yet. Is this Pooky? It's Pooky. Shut The Heck up. That's my man. No, it is. That is my man officially. What if Matt Rife came in and asked you to date him? Would he be your ex man? Oh Shit, you're putting me on the Spot here. I'm sorry. I love you Matt, but I'm going to kick your ass to the curb.


I'm solving mine. Tell her about the plans that he had for you Sunday. No, I can't. I can't. He plans. Can I say it? Yes. It's not, it's not bad. It's not. This is Talking. I just talked about editing. We can edit this out later. Yeah. Are you talking about Mr. PINKY? No, I That's What I thought you were going, but You just brought it up Mr. PINKY. Yeah, That's what I thought you were going with. That's why I was like, Chelsea shut your mouth. No, no, no, no. So we were planning on going that He introduced me to Mr. PINKY. I don't know, I, no. Oh My God. I Could sit here and dive. Okay. So this weekend we were gonna go out of town and he was like, oh dang, I wish you weren't going on town. I was gonna ask you to be my girlfriend And take me on a date.


And I, I Was like supposed to say that though. Yeah, Sir. You still have time. I'm kind Of glad you did though. 'cause now I can like prepare myself for it because I'm like, oh, can I get back to you in about three days? You know? But with Pooky, I have so many questions. But with Pooky you will be affectionate you because I know you don't like affection. It weirds Me out still 'cause I'm not used to it. But, but you're Obsessed with him. Oh Yeah. But you don't want Mr. PINKY in your butt. That's what I'm assuming it was. I wanna tell you who Mr. PINKY is so bad. Can you? I can't. I mean, it's kind of like You could, I'm trying to It's his penis. No. Oh, I'll tell you after I was Gonna say, that'd be an unfortunate nickname. Okay. You tell me Later.


Jesus Christ. Sorry. We're already going though. But No, he makes me feel like I can be like a, a girl. I don't have to be like, you know, like a, I don't have to be tough. Are you ever gonna introduce him to the world? She's gate Keeping Pooky. You gate Keep him as long as you can. You Think I should Private relationships till the end? I am. One day I'm just gonna be pregnant and married and people will be like, what? That's Yeah. Where'd he come from? Be because honestly, you have so much going for you and you don't want all the noise to be coming in and focus on your relationship. Let that be your little, I like to call it a, what did my therapist call it? Oh, an inside treat an inside treat. Let him be your inside treat. You share so much with everybody and you're so wonderful and you've got this talent of just being your authentic self.


Thank. you just hang on to that and then have pooky on the side and keep that your little inside treat. And then ke everyone will be talking about it. My Biggest thing, I was like, we should bring him on a podcast and then I got to Thank you about that. But Blow out his face and do the like world warped voice Because I'm, I'm a jealous person. and you and the first person I seen in his DM talking about ear hot, I'm, I'm gonna have to go to war. It's This is another reason you can't introduce him to the world if you're, I'm jealous if you're Really, Really jealous. Do you, You think, do you think that's an age thing? 'cause I was really jealous at your age too. Did you get over it? I did. I don't think I have a jealous bone in my body now. Like I'm almost turned on if somebody's flirting with the guy. Yeah, You belong on a psychiatric ward.


That is a fact. Yes, but no. Okay, maybe I'm taking it too far, but I just, I'm like, I don't know. I think that's because I have eight therapists Probably. Maybe I should get eight therapists and I won't be jealous. It's Give me 10 years to build up this confidence and it's still lacking. If I was to like see another woman bat their eyes at him, I'm gonna have to strangle her until she like falls out in the floor. Oh, no turning perfect. Oh. no Like it. And I'm like that with her too. Like men start flirting with her. I'm like, go on somewhere. Get get back On, get go on, get You. Well I like that one Miss Chelsea. What's going on? Oh, You didn't have to bring that up. Yeah, we did. She's trying to set me up with Pookie's friend.


Well, that would be the ideal situation. I know best friends, dating best friends. I just, I feel Like it's forced kind of. Ain't nobody forced forcing nothing. You been his friend first. I like him. He won me over it. He, so I was an asshole to him. And then he has an asshole back to me. And I was like, okay, I like that he can take the heat. I was like, yes. Yeah, you want the give and take kookie? Give and take. Yeah. Oh, I'm so intrigued by this. We click pretty good. You and Pookie? Yeah. Oh, I thought you were talking about me. I was like, we do, I like a drama queen. So We joke around, we have kind of like the same sense of humor. He told me to leave the other night and I was like, okay. I got up and I got every bit of my shit and walked out to my car and I was like turning back.


I was like, I know he is gonna come out here and get me. I did. He Did. But you got all the way to your car. And he was, I did. He still ain't, he kept running out the, you committed to the bed. He was like, wait, I knew what I was doing. I just wanted to see if you'd come get me. Oh yes, You're good. Shit. This I, hope you always have this I. hope you guys are like 90 on your porch. Just like still making jokes, being in love. And maybe by then you'll be open to intercourse. You know that TikTok, it's like people put like the old people filter on. Yeah. It's like, I ain't never seen you move like that. You know? That's gonna be all, that Will be all That already is you. I'm such an old soul. You really are. I've always thought that about you from knowing you for like a week.


But does he look, does he resemble Matt Rife? 'cause a lot of people go after their celebrity crushes. No, he does not Feature wise. I don't see it. Dark hair, blue eyes. Let her be a little slone. Outlashes. Yeah. I'll, I'll, okay. Who's your celebrity crush? Mm. I feel like I don't have one. I feel like you do you like Riley Green? I do like Riley Green a Lot. Oh, I'm interviewing him soon. Uhuh. Yeah. Do you wanna come? Yeah. Okay. I'll just come there and Stare at him two times. He's gonna be on my podcast next week. You guys can come two times. I wanna figure out your celebrity crush. You've never had like a, You've Never had like a dream about a celebrity where you're like, that was was too real and it No. Oh, have you? So I actually had a dream about Matt Rife a few weeks ago and it like traumatized me a little bit.


Like I pushed the pillow plum off my bed for a few days. I was like, he was like, don't look at me. I was like, Woohoo brother. Get on, get on somewhere. You know why? What happened? So I had a dream. It was like after one of his shows and it was like the hallway, like I guess where they get ready backstage and stuff like that. After one of his shows, everybody else already left. Besides like the janitors and stuff, they're cleaning and then they all disappeared. Oh, This is specific. Okay. And then the lights like got dimmed. Like everything was going on. I was like, what's going on here? You know? Did endless Love come on? No Oh, no. This shit like, had me fucked up. I woke up sweating. Oh, I was like, It was bad. Yeah. Oh, This man, he come out and he was like, just give me a minute, you know, I'll be right back. I was like, oh, okay. He comes back and he is like looking at me off of weirds.


I was like, okay, I need to get away from him. I start running from him and hide in this closet and there's a bunch of dead girls in this closet. When I get in it, he's like killed, you know? Oh. I'm like, what the fuck? He opens the door and finds me and I like dart in between his legs and run out. And then I'm in a cornfield somehow. And then he runs out with an ax and starts like cutting on my ankle. And I was like, what the fuck? And it was so vivid too. Like, I see my ankle like getting split open. The, The fact that this was three weeks ago and you can tell me this much, it Scares me. Yes. That's the only like dream. There's like a few certain dreams I've ever had my whole life. I can remember But that it fucked me up. I remember That's 'cause you ate a jar of pickles the night before. I probably did. Probably had the munchies or something. They Say, do you smoke weed, Oh?


no, she doesn't. What? I mean, you gotta eat your greenies, smoke your greenies, you know, Esterday, you gotta get your greens in somehow. She Was like, you know what, we're gonna live longer. And I was like, why? She was like, we smoke our greens and we eat them. I was like, yeah, but our brain's gonna be like rotted by the time we're Old. You know what? I see your point because you'll just be chill. And stress is the number one factor in like illness. So you're just chilling. It's either you don't smoke weed and you go see a the do you smoke weed? I once in a blue moon. I, I will. That's why You see a therapist. That's why you see a therapist. Which, Which one though? See Multiple. That's so you are just the cutest.


Well Thank you. Yeah, sometimes I just, I cute. You really? You are too. I thanks. You're more of like the silent thunder. Like you're like sweet and, and more quiet and you No, that's what I mean. Silent thunder. Like she's really, she's gonna like, she'll throw down if she ask to. What, What do you have to say about that? She's not really quiet. Maybe like on cameras and stuff. Yeah. Are different. They make me nervous Sometimes. They still make me nervous too. Really? Yeah. Do you think you're gonna get used to it? I think I've adjusted to it a little bit better than I have. Yeah. Since like the first episode we've done. Yeah. And I've also only talked to women after that, so. Oh, who is It? Men intimidate me.


Really? They intimidate me pretty bad. You know, you know how I get, and we did this on my podcast, but I wanna dig deeper. Why do they intimidate you? My daddy? I'm, I ain't gonna say that. Oh God, I ain't gonna say that. Well, That's, you're probably gonna watch the smoke. The fuck. Well that's real. If that's, we don't have to go there. But that's real. But you, you think like it's something I just don't like talking to 'em. Mm. Maybe I connect with women more. I have mommy issues. Oh, You too. Like, I think of you as like a mother. I'm like, mom. Aww, Wait. I love that. I, I used to be really insecure about my age and like getting older. and you just said that. And I realized that I've evolved as a woman. 'cause I just took that as a compliment.


Good. But I'm, I'm, I will be your mother. We need Your secrets. Like, how do you look like that? And you're 39. Well, Thank you. I you want me to tell you? Yeah, I think you're okay. One, I have severe, severe body dysmorphia. So when you say that, I'm like, you're just saying that to make me feel good. I don't look good. I Wouldn't toot your horn if it didn't deserve a good toot. Wow. I'm, I'm pretty blunt, you know, if what, like if you had on ugly shoes and everybody else is like, oh, your shoes are cute. I keep my mouth shut. I wouldn't lie to you. You know what? I believe you Thank you for saying that. I, I used to have a really tough relationship with food in my body. I never like, suffered This is what I say.


I never had like an eating disorder, but I had disordered eating. So I thought like, don't, don't like eat this. They count calories. Like, you know what I mean? I did a lot of work around it. And now I'm like, I eat so much and I work out so hard. And it, I do it for mentally over physically. And my favorite saying is like, work on the inside and the outside will fall into place because I think I've just done so much work on myself mentally and physically to like, feel good and feel strong. And when I was, I don't know, 30, I think 30 was when I picked somebody on the bachelorette and he was a personal trainer and I went, oh, I gotta watch my relationship with my body.


Like he was very active and very like ripped and ate properly. And I could feel it like stirring things up for me. But I just, you know, called one of my therapists. And now I, I do things to feel good mentally instead of physically and the outside just falls into place. I'm gonna need your workout routine. Okay, well I'll give it to you. I go to Barry's twice a week. Barry's bootcamp. Shout out, gimme free classes. I can't afford it. Just kidding. I heavy, heavy lift twice a week and then I Pilates once a week. Okay. Show us lagoons. I'm, I'm laughing because my arms are so pathetic and my spray tan is really coming off right now.


I was, oh, look at it. Can you zoom in on that? I got blood work done today. My spray tan. Our pet's heads are falling off. Look at the spray tan. Dude. We got like the same arm. Yours is bigger than mine though. But, but get a load of this. Okay. Okay. She's gonna on that thing. Oh, that's gonna be thing. Shit. Please don't Zoom in on my terrible spray. Tan I was just in the south of France and I got the most aggressive spray tan and now it's coming off. And I I Saw that you were in a bikini picture and I was scrolling. I was like, holy fucking shit. I was like, wow. Squat. I said double tap. Did you? I did. Did you double tap A butt? I did. That's very nice. Thank you speech to before I've seen it. I, I, I have learned to get past my body dysmorphia and just like own it because I, that to me, I'm like, people could look at me and be like, that's silly, but like, it doesn't matter if it's silly or not, that's my brain.


It's like, and it's how it works. It's like a chemical imbalance. And so I try and lean in sometimes. But like, do you, have you realized yet at 21 that going through phases of your cycle, have you learned about it yet? Like what do you mean your follicular phase? I could be pronouncing that so wrong. That was a follicular lal phase. What is that? Oh, okay. This is where you gotta This is where, work with your team on this schedule. Things in your week where you are feeling like you're thriving, you're excited, you have energy. Take the week off when you're on your period. Like, schedule your life around your phases of your period. And it's, I'm not kidding, it'll change your life.


Now I'm a little bit of a bitch when I'm on mine, but she is concerning when she's on her. What you saying? You Say the shit outta me. Where were we at in New York? But the thing is, I don't like, I'm not a bitch to you. I just go silent. I'm like, and when she does speak, you're like, Yeah, that's, you just gotta understand her face But that the first few days, you know, there's gotta be an app for this. Yeah, I'm sure where friends can share their, this sounds crazy to people. And I'm like, I don't know what your demographic is of your listeners. Are they young, old? All? I think there's a little bit of everything in there. How wonderful. Do you know how great This is for you? It's it's pretty cool. I will lie. Like I will lie. What?


Yeah, what What? That is like aism. Yeah. That is holism. I just wing everything. But, But that's relatable. Well, Thank, you, I I feel like the, the least favorite people I come across in life are the calculated ones. And I like when people are just winging it and doing their best and being themselves. I'm gonna make this part really simple. You only need eight Correct. Picks to win a thousand times your money on Betr, Picks All, NFL season long. You are eight correct. Picks away on Betr Picks from winning a thousand times your money turn $1 into a thousand, $10 to $10,000. Or even a hundred to a hundred thousand dollars.


Betr Picks offers the easiest way to win a thousand times your money and This is happening. All NFL season long download. Better play Betr Picks. Let's have a nice and easy day winning up to a thousand times your money. I don't know what it is, but I connect energetically. Okay. This is where the spiritual coach comes in. I just connect like energetically with certain people. And I literally feel connected to You too as like, I want to protect, like you're just special souls and Just mommy issues. Easy on that. Well, I've got 'em too. Do you really? Look, Just sign the adoption papers and adopt me. Look My inner child. No, I'm just kidding. I'm, I'm just kidding. But it's, I will, I'll adopt you. Will you Really? But I get 10% of everything you make.


That's okay. Smart. As long as you probably smart. Make cookies with me. Yeah. I'll make the shit outta cookies with you. I just wanna buy you a Mother's Day gift. Oh, Well wait, let's make this a thing. Okay. I'll get you one every year. I don't like do you do, do you and Pooky do like your, what's it called? Five love languages. Do you know what they are? I he's into this whole relationship thing. I've had two boyfriends my whole life. You're definitely not a like physical touch. We know that. Do you like sometimes It's okay. It's the right person. The first one that I've actually seen You be okay with, like touching you. Aw. Like I'll look over and HALIEY has her feet like sitting on his lap and I'm like, who the fuck is she Oh Yeah. It's strange. I'm telling you.


He just puts me in my little feminine era. and You knew him before all of this. Yeah. Few Years. Is he so proud of you. That's going, that's gonna tap into the DADDY ISSUES. Oh Jesus This is why I need to take you under my wing. I'm I'll be your therapist, I'll be your mom. I'll be your therapist. I'll be your dad. I'll be your relat coach. He does, he tells Relat me. He is proud of me all the time. Coach. That's amazing. He is a Little peach. Good. Don't expect like the bar is in hell for 21 year olds. I feel like. Like they don't know who they are. How old is He? He's older too. He is 24. So he's older. She's he's older. Oh Lord. I, I like, like older for me, I, I could get down with 40 plus. I understand. But I'm not taking anything younger than 40 these days.


I don't like 'em young. No, because then you gotta teach 'em how to act and then everything else I'm like, or You get them before they're corrupted. Yeah. Hmm. But yeah, I like, I like somebody who's been through some shit. Maybe someone who's divorced. I like a little trauma. Yeah, a little trauma because Like they'll know where I'm coming from. Where you're coming from. Yeah. They understand certain stuff. There's Small T trauma and there's big T trauma and we've all got something. Everybody Got a little, how can I put that? Everybody's got a little junk in the trunk, you know, skeletons in the closet. I, I think those are two very different things. Okay. Junk In the trunk is a great way though to describe Some trunk. Actually I don't have any junk in the trunk. Lemme The trunk and skeletons in the closet.


Sure. What are the five things you're telling me About? Oh, love Languages. Yeah. What is that? I bet everybody that's listening right now is like, please don't talk about the five love languages. Everybody beats the dead horse until it's in its next life and then beats it again with five love languages. But it's physical touch, words of affirmation, gifts, quality time, and acts of service. Well you didn't put food on there. That, that's one of my biggest love Languages. Add it to the sixth. You This is why you're unique. Your love language is food. I mean, most women, I'm sure there's some that are like hard to please, but like most of them I've met, they're really not hard to please. All you gotta do is feed us and tell us we're pretty. That's it.


Oh Well. Okay. Not for me. What's something that a man can do for you? You're just like, oh, marry me. You know, go To therapy. No, that's a good one actually. Enough. That is a good one. Yeah. Go to therapy and, okay. And don't take shirtless selfies. You don't like those? I mean, it depends. I don't wanna date, I can't do that. I'm literally like flexing my butt cheeks on Instagram. And then not being like, but don't do a shirtless photo. I don't, I just want a guy who like uses social media in a way. Like, I love what you're doing because you're like, I'm me, but I'm also, I'm talking about things that are important to me and I'm just, it's not too serious.


Like it's, it's not that deep. I'm not a serious person. I, and that's, but that's you. I like, if somebody's serious, I just want people to be themselves and I want them to just not try and be somebody else. Fair Enough. Yeah. Oh God. Fair enough. That's a good way of putting it. Nobody's ever said that out loud, I don't think. Oh, well I've never heard it out loud. Well, you've only done three podcasts. Yeah. Maybe someone else. I'm literally your third like episode 58 or something. That's, I'm trying to think of how many podcast episodes I've done. And I, I I've done it for eight years and I dunno how many I'm at, but my, So you're really comfortable at it. But My biggest insecurity is how many times I repeat myself.


'cause I'm like, I don't remember what I said three weeks ago. I might be, We just watched one. We watched you were on the You Up podcast. Oh Lord. Yeah. What was our question we had for, it was really Okay. You were talking about when you were breaking up with someone and you lived with you. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. How do you, How do Break up with someone who lives With You living in your house and everything. Your house, right? That Your, oh yes. What do you Say? Do you say pack up your tube socks and your gym bag and get outta my house? You know, what do You say to that? It makes it a little easier though, because they don't have anything there so they can just Throw clothes and get the Fuck out. I just was Like. hey, U-Haul. Do you do brand deals? I'd like to make some money. No, I'm just kidding.


I'm, I'm joking. Everybody's gonna take that seriously. But yeah, no, I just, somebody asked me the other day, two questions that stood out to me on my q and a is on Instagram the other day. One was, I've been with this guy for five years, how do I break up with him? I know he's not my person. And I was like, do not wait any longer because it's so easy to put it off and it just gets worse. And it's like, do him a solid favor too. It's not just for you. You're doing him a favor. Whether he sees it in the moment or not, he will eventually, he'll find the person he's supposed to be with and he'll go, oh, This is why this happened. That's what I think you should be a therapist. Maybe a, what do they call him? A marriage counselor.


You'd be so good. I'd also give really terrible advice sometimes I'd be like a, like a 60 40, like 60% of the time. I'd give good advice in 40. I'd be like, oops. Just kick his ass to the curb, Basically. Just don't waste time, you know? Yeah. You're just prolonging the inevitable and nobody has time for that. So what was your MESSIEST BREAKUP like? Ooh, I'm curious. It's so messy that it's like humiliating. Like the cops were involved. What'd you, did you hit him over the head with a bottle? No, there was no, no violence. It was just me having an epic meltdown. No violence.


No girl. You gotta tap in with that crazy shit you Got going on. I'm not, I mean, I'm, I'm verbally a little bit crazy sometimes. Not anymore. I understand. Not anymore. Look, you're growing. I am. I am evolved woman. Look at you. Girl. I'm so proud. But I honestly was, I'm mortified at the, my MESSIEST, BREAKUP was me having a breakdown because I'd completely lost myself to this person. I just thought he was my whole world and I didn't try and do anything for myself. I gave up everything for him and his dreams and I lost friendships. And I was just like an absolute I was 97 pounds in a shell of myself and got addicted to Valium and I was like having major issues.


And the cops were called because I was having such a bad meltdown that they thought something bad was happening. How Old were You Too old to be having an epic? Was it like racing or Anything? No, I was, I'm 39 and this was, I think I was 26. But again, too old to be having a childlike temper tantrum, which also I went on. Wow, this wine's, wine's kicking in. I went on, I went on meds for this and I realized, holy shit, I actually have hormonal depression and anxiety and I will ruin relationships around that time of the month. So I, I've got it under control, thank God. But it was so messy. And I was so humiliated and I thought he would never leave me.


And he, and he left me that night. And then the next day I get a message on my phone and he was like, you gotta, you gotta move out. And I was like, what am I gonna do? I had $5 in my bank account. I had no apartment, I had no friends. I had no, I had not gone to school for anything. No career. Like no, I had nothing. I had to move in with my parents and I was like, I am a fucking loser. And then I rebuilt my life back up. I would've gave you a pat on the back if I'd have seen you Thank. you, may I read you a quote Of my Quote over there? Of course it was something like, yeah, give you, so the quote really aligns with what I'm talk not the sticky.


Amanda's the same thing. It's okay. She has the same Thing as me every time. Little Octo buddies. Okay. I Have little prints all over my radio from yours. Okay. Life doesn't end when you have to tear it all down and start over. That's when better things fall into place. So let me tell you this. If anybody's hitting rock bottom or feeling like they can't go on with anything, This is literally the rock bottom is when the magic happens and when you can build yourself back up and show yourself your resilience and your strength. And we are not meant to be happy people all the time. Except I think you're happy all the time. Oh. no, you're full of shit. I'm bipolar. It can go anywhere. We are Literally supposed to experience range of emotions as human beings.


And people are always like, are you happy? Are you happy? I'm like, depends on the day. It depends on the time of the month. Depends on the hour. And we are just supposed to. But when you build yourself back up, that's where the confidence and resilience and character is built. And I just feel like everything, like when that happened to me, for me, I literally thought my life was over. And then two years later I worked so hard on myself. I started going to therapy. I got a call from The Bachelor. I became the Bachelorette, I won Dancing With the Stars, I started my own podcast. I started my own wine label. And it was all things that I had written on my vision board when I was 23. Aw. So just if anybody needs a little, see everything happens For a reason. I was just about to say that.


I bet you look back and you laugh at it now. Oh, because you're like, huh, I'm way up here now. I used to be down here. Yes. I I was there, I was way down there. And now I just feel like I'm where I, where I'm supposed to be. You wanna Talk with the world? Well, I don't know about that, but patient people think manifesting is like, I'm just gonna do this and it'll happen for me tomorrow. It's patience and hard work. And that's what you ladies are doing and I'm really proud of you. Thank you. Yeah. You're exactly where you're Supposed to be. I kiss your nose. You don't butter me up like that. I could kiss your nose. I could, Can I talk about this text message I just got? Yes. HALIEY. When the hell did you have Bobby Lee on the podcast? What? This is funny. Hold on.


Somebody text you that it's not Who is It? That's Ken Jong. Hey. It was far Away in my You're done. You're done. What's he doing in my podcast room without me in it? Who does? Is that Photoshop? Who Does this editing? Yes. It's photo. I don't know. Did you have him on your podcast? No, I don't think. Do you Know who that is? I cannot believe I just said that. How is she getting all these guests? My face says all the picture. Fucking Do you even know who I am? I know about you.


I dunno who he's who is that? What does he do? He's do. Honestly, I don't know. I just seen him with Trump before. That's all I know about him. He's he's the leader of North Korea. Yeah, I know. He was something, something big. Oh. And I actually done a Zoom in North Korea a few weeks ago. Huh? Hey, my dogs are from South Korea. So a lot, lot of Lot Stuff happening. Yeah. Oh wow. That was a moment that I'll never forget. Thank you for that. Dude, I photoshopped that. They did such a good Job. I am unwell. But You brought up Dancing with the Stars. Yeah. Oh, so nice. Circle back. Aa. Yes. Let's circle back from that right there.


Actually it's circled back clean. You did it Anyhow. Like this. I wish people talked about my podcast like this. This is incredible. Incredible. Yeah. Assholes though. Like if you read 'em, you're like, oh You need assholes. That's Thank you for the downloads. Assholes. Yeah. I think it gives me character. 'cause now I'm just like, yes. Stick your tongue out. Stick Mr. PINKY out. I Thought you handle It though. No, no. You're Gonna piss yourself when I tell you the, Okay. Can I read a couple? Yeah, Go ahead. Somebody said I sold my house so I could watch Talk Tuah a on my 115 inch tv. Wait, If you sold your house. And how are you gonna have a electricity up? You're I'm thinking too much of this. Yeah, that was funny.


I'll give you props there, brother. Logan Turner. 79. Logan Turner. Logan Turner. You're a crafty fella. No, you know what? That one's fine. Do you have one? They Said born to late to explore earth. Born too early to explore the universe. Born in time to explore Prime talk. Tuah. That's Nice. I just got brain rod. I do too. Do You get that? Not really. No. I don't. I don't that one Either. Do you know that Jimmy Carter is set to appear on the Talk Tuah A with HALIEY Welch And someone, please tell me who Jimmy Carter is. I'm Canadian, so No, just kidding. I'm Canadian and I know who he is. He's Who is he? Well he is 99 years old. I mean, it's kind of fairy Granny Who come up with GRANNY.


Who'll come up with GRANNY. Wait, he got money. She won't want him unless she's got money. No, I'm, I'm so serious. If not, no. What Was her thing? If This is you were foot in the grave. And Granny has always said she does not want a man unless he's loaded Rich. And he's old as dirt. Got Jimmy Carter, One foot in the grave and the other on a banana pillow. Jimmy Carter. So he just slips right in. Jimmy, Jimmy, We found her perfect match. I think we did. If you were to take one his name, sound familiar. If you were to take, if you were to take one, guess who Jimmy Carter is? Just like what he does. 99 years old. Big deal. Is he a porn star? What? I dunno. There's a little bit of everything out in the world. I don't know. I'm 90, 99-year-old porn star. There's a thing for everything I'm telling you.


Okay. Take one more guy. Who the Hell is paying to watch? I'd be Surprised. Okay. You are right. Actually, you'd Be real surprised there was no internet. Let's see, what else does he do? A big deal. 99 years old. Everyone in the world probably knows him. I don't know. Is he like the oldest man alive? Am I right? No. Wait, do you know who he is? Me? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, He was the president. Oh, That's why I said That's false. And Canada doesn't have presidents. He wasn't the president of Canada. But nice. That's, I I love that you like found a loophole there to be like, but you guys have Prime Ministers And I didn't know that until here recently.


You remember those girls in the bathroom at that bar that were telling us I was like, what? Wait, that should be a book. Remember those girls in the bathroom? And then you just say what they say to you in the bathroom. what else Did they tell us? Coffee table book something else too. I couldn't, they're from Canada. They're from Did they recognize you? Yeah, they're really nice. Where? They're Canadian. Where were they from? It's for Tate McCray Calgary. Oh. Yeah Oh. yeah. That's my celebrity crush right there too. Mac McCray. Oh, me too Actually. Yeah. I love her. I ain't gonna lie. When I seen that video she just come out with, I started questioning my sexuality. Y you know what I Was like, why do I wanna see her naked? That's very valid. What about Fletcher? Who's that? I don't, my other celebrity, am I a lesbian?


My other celebrity crush? I kind of wanna see a picture. Oh God, I thought you'd never ask. Okay. Can we actually get Jimmy Carter on the podcast though? Dude, if you got that would be I would die. Wait, When was he precedent? Eighties. I understand why you wouldn't know that. I can barely tell you who Abe Lincoln is. What if she could be your Pookie? Let me see, Fletcher. Well then she's gonna have to compete with Chelsea. Oh wow. Well if if Granny can't date Jimmy Carter, could she be the golden Bachelorette? Is she like you where you're like, I couldn't be the Bachelorette. Or would she work it? She would. She'd might have a funny thing.


Have you Thought about this? Maybe been on the Bachelorette? I can't. No, no, no. Granny. Oh, Granny. Yeah. I don't know. She kind of hates men. She's in her like, I hate men era. I wonder, I wonder where you get it. Granny's Very independent though. Yeah. Like Granny got that thing. Was she ever married? She's been married two times. Oh. And her ex-husband. My papapa. He lives in the backyard in his little cabin. Stop. They're friends though. She does his laundry for him. You are a walking television show you like, so Yeah. Or podcast, Whatever. Yeah. Trailer park trash, right? Like I can't, I No, no, no. Well my favorite show from Canada is Trailer Park Boys. But can I just say like, like, I am so excited for people to get to know you on this podcast because it's like you see one thing and then you go, why did that person get a platform?


And then you get to know you and you go, this girl deserves a platform. Well Thank you. Yeah. Not many people say that. Oh, I mean it Thank you. I mean it. I'm not trying to, Again, you might be my new celebrity crush. I'm working really hard for this mom role. Yeah. Over time. That's Okay. I'll get you like an apron and we can like wear matching ones. You know, it's like Mom of the Year, like on your apron we can go bake cookies and stuff. Literally. I'm, I'm gonna take this too seriously Though. I'm too, I'll be waiting for you on Christmas. This series Sit House Soon. We absolutely will. I'll buy you presents. It'll be wine. But I'm okay with that. I know you're okay with that. I'm so okay with that.


Glad it's yours. Can't wait to take on this new role. Wow. You can be my mommy too. I You want your I'll be your aunt. My Aunt. Okay. Oh, what do you guys say? Aunt? Aunt. I say Aunt. Auntie. Okay. Auntie. Auntie K, auntie kb. Yeah. Let's got a ring to it. Aw, I like it. Aw. Hey. Guys. Oh, I wanna like hold hands and sing Kumbaya. Kumbaya. You don know the Song Don and them say Mazel ta That that's not the same as I just ruined it. I tried. What do They have? Hanukkah You don't. I Like, I've heard a song about Hanukkah. It's probably Adam Sandler Probably. Who wants a hundred thousand dollars? Listen up. Betr Picks is the only pick on fantasy app where you can play for up to a hundred thousand dollars.


That's right. None of the other guys are giving you this chance. Betr Picks is the one and only baby. You wanna watch football all day and try to predict how your favorite players will do it and try to win up to a hundred thousand dollars. And Betr Picks is the place to do it. No experience playing. Pick 'em fantasy. No problem. Betr. Picks is so easy. Even I'm doing it. And I Just started watching Football. Go to the app store right now and download better and give yourself a chance to win up to a hundred thousand dollars. The Mets. We gotta talk about It. Oh what? Did you ever see that with the Mets? What did you do with the Met? Oh gosh. You know what? Yeah. That's when I wanted to hug you. Oh, when you threw out the first pitch? Yeah. So me and Chelsea started out that day actually. And we were pretty excited to go through the first pitch, but we didn't know she was gonna be like catching it yet.


Yeah. So we were like, okay, whatever. Yeah. And then we get there and they're like, oh you know she's gonna catch your ball. And I was like, oh that makes me feel even better. 'cause I'm probably gonna crack her in the head with a ball. That's exactly how This is gonna go. And, but No, never cracked her in the head. Nothing. Right. She caught it. She done pretty Good. She You caught it. That was like the scariest part. I was like, okay. Throwing it, not worried. and you caught it. Yeah. Yeah. I caught it. I wasn't prepared for that either. Wow. Oh Tammy. And everybody else was like whole like so nice the whole day. And they had like this program for their vet dogs. Did you see like anything about it? Yes. Yeah. I never heard anything about it. So I was like, huh, we should like do some awareness for that. Yeah. Because I've never heard anything about it. Right. More people should and then go donate to that. Right. It's like a good Cause. So we done like a big ordeal for that.


Donated to them had a really good day. Whole team was nice. The people we met were nice and then we leave and I see everybody like posting stuff. They're like, why the fuck is she here? Okay. Like yeah, But they're saying that But the Mets have been on a winning streak ever since you threw out The first pitch. Yeah. And Grimace is saying he's the reason for the winning Streak. What's a grimace? Who the hell is gr? That's my question. He's, isn't he the McDonald's guy? Oh, like the shake. Like the green? No, the grimace is the purple Hell. I know. I really dunno. What the fuck. Okay. Wait, is G gr is Grimace the mascot for the Mets? He was. He's coming back. Oh yes, He's, I think I should be the mascot. Yeah, You should definitely be The mascot. You're det the Mets because Good luck charm.


You're their good Luck charm. What can I say? But how sad. Don't you just feel like here This is my thought process. Because you're literally bringing awareness to dog rescue and like saving animals. And people will find whatever they wanna find wrong with what you're doing. But like really successful, happy people don't have time to bring other people down. So like, let's just say a little that's know right there. Like teases and PS to the haters. 'cause it's sad, you know, teases and ps. At the end of the day, the way I've started saying it, everybody's gonna have something to say at the end of the day. That's great. I might as well do whatever I want to. Yeah. I feel Like it says more about them than It does you always.


It does. Because I mean, I was only there to like raise awareness for like the program they have going on. And I still got shit on for it. But like at the end of the day, I done it for the dog. Always. At the end of the day, always do it for the dogs, not the people. I know you have two rescue dogs, Two of them. Two from South Korea. South Korea. Yeah. How'd you get 'em over here? They had to go on a flight and I don't wanna talk about it because thinking of them under a plane, it was the only way to get them here. I can't on never again. Now they fly first class, but go on first class In case you didn't know. So I started a fund here recently. Yeah. And it's called Paws Across America. Yes. Because I'm passionate about animals. I know. It's not even just dogs. It could be a Guinea pig if you got a Guinea pig. That's Sick. I feel that. But I feel like dogs need a little more love.


Yeah. They can't speak up for their selves. No. So they Can't. I'm gonna use what I got right now. Do good with it. Hell Yeah. And more people need to see that you're doing that. So that's, I don't think they care. Like at the end of the day, the most comments I've been reading, they're like, why? She got a platform. Well, I'm doing something good with mine. Why don't you have one? Yeah, please just keep reminding yourself that you're doing good. The people, man, it's sad. It's really sad. and you know what? Just any hate, just send them the link. Say do that. Set up a program. That'd be good. Where if there's haters that say like set up negative words in your program.


I'll show you the software and if they say these negative things, it'll just directly DM them a link to help your funds. How do we do that? I'll set it up for you. By the way, the mama's got you. The link for Hailey's foundation is gonna be in the description below. Amazing. I'll donate. Woo-hoo. Will you ready? Of course. All right, madam, I got one more question for you. Can I put on my hat for this one? Go for it. What's one MOVE IN BED that makes a man go crazy? Oh, what is one MOVE IN BED that I'm like thinking of all my 10 moves that I'm going through. Okay. You know what it is? It's the corkscrew. You guys know the corkscrew?


You gotta elaborate on that. All the men in the room, do you know the corkscrew? What? Oh, He take it and like he Knows green shirt knows the corkscrew, the Quietest one. I've not heard a peep out of all day. It's it's, am I allowed to say this? Yeah, I mean It. So a good old fashioned hand job. Don't underestimate a good old fashioned hand job. That's Not at all what I was, was thinking. And the corkscrew is so you hit the top and go down to the bottom. That's brilliant. Where'd you come up with that? Like I'm 39. I Bet your mind works mysterious ways too, doesn't it?


Honestly, when you say like, my brain goes one way, everybody El else goes this way. I'm like, samesies, Like we're in the same boat. We're both over here and everybody else is over there, which Is where I wanna be. It's okay. Okay. It's a Fun sign. You're with us too. Oh. Yeah. Okay. You got a dirty hat. Hey, that hat looks good on you. It does, it does. I was like, she looks good and red. I was like, she's gonna have the red. That bikini I seen you in was red. So I was like, Oh, well I'm gonna put This is what I'm wearing out tonight. Oh is a thumbnail. This just kidding cork screw That is for the Books. I can't wait for Pooky to experience the corkscrew. Oh, By the way, Mr.


PINKY lives in the sock drawer if you didn't know. Oh, Do That. Worse than a finger of the Ass. Like that's okay. That's Necessary. A woman with, she said, oh, a woman with needs. Linda, you said that like the mics aren't hot right now.