
Hey y'all. Happy October Welcome. back to Talk Tuah.


Better original. Download better and play Betr. Picks. Alright, I need you to hit the subscriber follow button wherever you're listening. Now That way, you never miss an episode. And while you're at it, go write me a review and leave a five star rating for Talk Tuah Welcome. back to Talk Like. an emphasis on it like As always Talk Tuah is brought to you by Betr Picks. Betr Picks offers the easiest ways to win a thousand times your money. All NFL, season long So, all you have to do is Get. eight correct picks about your favorite players. And, you could win a thousand times your money. You could literally turn $1 into a thousand just by watching football and picking more or less on your favorite player projections. Grab that phone outta your pocket right now. Download. Better download. Better play. Betr Picks. And don't forget to use code TALKTUAH for when you sign up.


Welcome. back to Talk to a better original. We got Miss Hannah Berner woo woo. And today we're at the Bolero in Times Square. This is, I've never caught in a pod in this kind of space. so this is pretty cool. Also, I like these game of throne chairs. Dude, there's a whole dope ass like bowling alley over there. We have moose. and then we got Miss Hannah today. I love How. moose came before me. I'm just kidding. Well see. I kept thinking I was like, moose is a bigger person. So Moose is the star of the show. Very, very handsome boy. Sit moose. He's a good Boy. Sit Moose. Good moose. Shall we? I love how I've, I'm taking charge right now. Go for for it. Shall we begin with your shoe choice? The first thing you said when I sat down you go. These are my funeral boots. These are my funeral boots.


Tee D print boots. See, normally you wear like black to a funeral. Yeah. Well what's your outfit? It can't be just black. I mean you gotta think about it. You really gotta put this into perspective. You can't just have like a whole black outfit and no color. You gotta have something that compliments your outfit. Why not cheetah print boots. Okay, I get it. I guess maybe there needs to be like a, a happy spirit in the room or something. Hmm? You got people over here crying and them crying. Oh cute. Boots go back to crying, you know? Yeah. Yeah. It takes the tension out the room. I feel like. How many funerals have you been to? I actually try to avoid funerals. I just, so So you don't ever get to wear the boots? I've been to like three funerals. You my whole Life kicked out. 'cause you walk in with cheetah boots and they're like, you have no respect for this person's life.


Probably. Well you know, I know the person. They probably would like my boots too. So True. True. Yeah. I love, I mean who thought of the whole idea of like wearing white when you get married, wearing black, when people die, it seems kind of like basic. It does. It's like played out. Like who planned that? It's So true. It's like chewy. I wanna know who like picked the days of the week too. Like Wednesday. Where'd you come up with that shit? Like do you ever think about that kind of stuff? Are You high? No. I wish I was stoned. I do. I think about shit too much. That's my problem. I do think that it's fucked up how they spelled Wednesday. Like who was like Wednesday? Wednesday? Yeah. I didn't wanna put you on the spot, but Yeah, we nest day's fucked up. Who was like, let's put a N in there just to fuck up every elementary school kid trying to pass.


And they all end in Y too. How'd they do that? The day part, the day thing. We gotta change some stuff girls. That's why I sat you here today. We have to make some changes. Yeah. What kind of changes should we start with? You know what I wanna know 'cause This is some fish outta water. Shit, you're in New York City. What do, what do you like or dislike about New York City? Actually I do have one big problem. This is my third time I've been here and I have yet to see a fucking rat. If I want to see a rat so bad here, I can't stand it. So rats only go towards people with bad energy. So you saw the TikTok going around, seeing the rats of, what's the quote? The rats. Rats are birth control.


They're taking birth control. They're Saying the rats are controlling the city or whatever. Apparently we took, we heard from your producer that they're giving rats birth control so that rats can't, they're giving rats. Abortions. Abortions. Pigeons Are, they have a voice. They're allowed to speak up. What I say it's, it's the rat's choice. If the rats wants, want aborting themselves. Rat body. Their choice. Body. Their choice. Exactly. So if these rats, 'cause we don't need no more rap. Also, have you ever seen a rat baby? Have you saw a baby pigeon? Those motherfuckers are not Real. Do you know what they say though? If like a crazy person starts coming for you, Kiss 'em shit Your pants. That is the one.


'cause then they're not gonna, that's the one. I don't know why you went towards kissing. Well I mean what do you That was a crazy, you guys A crazy thing to say. What do you do after you shit your pants and you like pull it out? Like throw it at him. Then You gotta freak 'em out more than they're trying to freak you out. It's like at the bar, if a guy's hitting on you and you're just like, what? And he'll leave you Alone. That's when you fart on and dip. You Fart. You talk about astrology and you did. Yeah. You say Leo, get outta here. You song mom, what's your song, Leo? Yes sir. You're Leo, Obviously. Oh, a Pisces. Oh, so you emotional? I'm Sensitive. Are you crying right now? I'm not emotional. I'm sensitive. Wait, can I ask Chelsea, how has she changed? Has she become a monster? Yes. No, I'm just kidding.


I'm monster. She demanded these fancy chairs. She made you sit in the small one. Yeah. What the hell is this? First off? That had nothing to do with me. Yeah, no That wasn't her. That was her team. That was freaking go-Go. She's a team. At least she got a pretty white boot beside you. Yeah, that's true. That's true. You have a boot Wearing these on Broadway next week. Play BETR be dad. I hate we can't go on Broadway no more. Who said we? You guys, you can, You get recognized too, even by yourself. Yeah, but Okay. This is, This is gonna sound offensive. Can you yodel? Yes. I don't know. I don't think I tried it. Can you yodel? I feel like you give me YODELING. VIBES Mason. Ramsey's fucking Sister.


I have read that somewhere. I was like, that's Mason. Ramsey's older sister. I'm like, man fuck y'all. He's killing it. No, he is. He messaged me actually. He is like, dude please. I was like a collab of some kind. He's So cute. My thing is, so I'm originally from Brooklyn, New York and like, I Wouldn't have guessed it. I'm like a city kid, like city rat. Like I'm one of rats that you wanna meet. I don't know anything about the country. I don't know like, I don't know country music. But I appreciate it. I love different cultures. But like if I'm in nature for too long, I get scared. 'cause like they don't have bodegas, they don't have hospitals, they don't have police Hospitals. We have a hospital. Have one hospital. We have hospital though.


Yeah. But if you got like a shard of glass in your fucking eye, they're gonna tell you you're okay. Like I'm so serious. I like Country jail. Actually there's a comedian that's very funny. Ryan Hamilton who talks about New Yorkers, how we're always like, if you can make it here, you can make it anywhere. But he's like, but take a New Yorker out New York and we can't make it. Like I couldn't make it in your town. I'd freak. I can't drive. I don't have a driver license. I can either wait, Taxi, you don't have a driver's license? No. Why? What? It's a long story. What Also, when I hang out with Southern people, I started talking Southern This is who I am now. I'm trying to fit in with the girls and she's got The camo pants on. I wore her Pants because I was like, she'll, she'll accept me if I wear these camo pants. But This is the thing I, I actually got my driver's license at 24, but I hit the curb at the end.


Like I ran the curb and my dad was like, you shouldn't give it to her. But the person already passed me. Then it expired during Covid. I didn't know how to re get it. And now, and then I tried and I failed my test. So like I'm, I'm saving the environment by not driving. I've been talking to you for five minutes and I'm absolutely amused with you. Wait, that's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to Me. I'm so amused with you. You really don't have a driver's license. No girl. You just work hard and you talk enough shit and you get a driver. You know? That's fair. That's a fair point. They Men love driving you around. I can drive to an extent. Just not on the interstate. I love how you're like, I have a license but I can't drive. Yeah. See at least I'm not legally allowed.


You're out here in these streets. I am allowed. And I also run over curbs. Like that's why I drive. That's everywhere. This bitch don't, don't, don't be fooled by her. We were getting our nails done a few weeks ago in Nashville. Left there. She's driving my car 'cause her car said Kao, it just no more. So I'm like, oh you can drive my car. Whatever. I love Ka. I Trust you. I have to see that more often. The whole left side of my car went boom and went back down. I was like, what the fuck was that? and she just kinda looked at me and smiled. I was like, that was a sidewalk. What do you have a truck? I was like, yeah. Do you have a truck? What do you think I drive? Oh wait, that's a good question. I feel like you drive a Jeep. What is the most atrocious car?


A white girl drive. A white girl can wear or drive. Excuse me, I'm a New Yorker. I don't know anything about cars. What do you have? Have you not ever seen like the allegations of these cars? Like the girls that drive it are absolutely feral. Like white trash, like White trash chaotic, can't drive worth a shit. They'll hit anything. Is it Like a Corolla? I don't know anything about cars. A Nissan Altima. Oh that shit's tight. That is a curb stomping ass floor. I feel like you just have like JX nails all over the floor. Like that's just what I envision. My Car actually stays really clean unless she's been in it. Oh okay. That's the only time my car is dirty. We So are you living in Nashville now?


It's an hour south of Nashville. Oh, so You're still, you haven't done the move to the city Oh? no, I won't. You're not city Slip sydnee. That's like taking you and putting you out in the boondocks. See and that's what we're gonna do. That's what we planned. You know I've never, I've never been fishing, I've never been hunting. I've never been, I Don't really hunt either. I don't like killing stuff. I don't like killing stuff. I think It's bad. You too. You like going fishing. That shit's fun. Do you put The fish back? You eat 'em? I mean it depends. I've been clamming. What? That's, that's some northeast shit. Clamming One's clamming. You get in this mud and you get a rake and then you just clam and clam. They live in mud. They live in mud. Do you Eat 'em? Yeah. Should I try one? Have you ever had a clam? No. I'm scared of 'em. We have to do like a HALIEY goes around trying food that isn't grits.


Actually I don't eat grits. You don't eat Grits? I Love grits. I don't like grits. I think they're just like strange looking. Do you know how I learned about grits? My cousin Vinny. Vinny Vi. Have you Watched my cousin Vinny Uhuh? Who's Vinny? Wait, am I aging myself? Vinny Hacker With Vinny Hacker. My cousin Vinny is this move. I don't even know if I, it's so, it's such a beautiful movie. What's the name of it? It's called my cousin Vinny. Oh. But anyway, they, oh she eats Gr. Oh, I grit you that you actually had a cousin named Vinny? No. Oh my. It's just a movie. It's just movie. I highly recommend five stars. But yeah, it's, it's a very good movie. But that's how I learned about grits. When I go in the south, I drink sweet tea and that shit gets me fucked up.


Sweet tea. That's like crack cocaine. The sweet tea. Yeah. I Feel like people drink it at home but they're not like crazy about it. Like it's, it's more of like a stereotype. It's just like A, yeah, I don't know Because I used to water wind down. It's like the hot chicken too. Have you ever heard of Nashville's hot chicken? Yeah. I have never went outta my way to get hot chicken. I don't think she has any. Yeah, no Question. Are you guys considered the south or the middle? South. South. I say south. South. Never eat soggy. Yeah, south Never eat soggy waffles after that. First I wanna say Thank you for having a Yankee on the pod. Se she doesn't know what She doesn't know what I'm talking about. No, I just had like a brain fart for a minute. I was like, there ain't no way. She just said that. Second of all, how do you guys feel about losing the war?


What civil war to me. Oh, we lost a civil war to you. Yeah, Y'all took the L Are you over it? We're a little uneducated. Yeah Guys You're talking about No, there was a war of north, north or south. Oh. And it's kind of crazy 'cause you guys, I feel like we're better at fighting but somehow the north won. You're so educated. No, I don't know anything about the war except the north one. My friend was from Arkansas. Pig suit. Arkansas Pig. I love Arkansas. Actually. Arkansas is it? Did I say it funny? Say water. Water. So the way I do this pod, if it, if we were from New York, we say Talk.


Tuah her Talk Tuah her with Haliey Welch. Talk Tuah her. We're talking shit today. Welcome New Jersey. Tri-State Brooklyn, Staten Island. Let's go. Let's talk some shit today. you ready? Let's go. I fucking love that. What's your favorite pizza? Cheese. I like cheese pizza. Say I'm, I wanna walk to the store to get some coffee. I wanna walk to the store to get some coffee. Show your wife accent it. Oh my white girl Accent. Not Harley. Wait, you Sound like Ariana Grande. Never thought Abouta Grande.


Talk like this now. Wait, I like that white girl accent. You really? So I've come a conclusion when people come up to me and they're like, are you that girl? I'm like, what are you talking about? They're like, they, They immediately get scared. They're, If you dyed your hair brown and you talk like that, you'd be good. You could be Like, I don't see any problem with it. Do you? It actually terrifies me when she talks like that because She looks like she's about, she's like a Karen. She's about to be like, can I Please speak to the manager? Exactly. Mine wasn't as Good was this store. We Just figured out I could do that like a few months ago. Like I had no idea I could do That. This bitch is out here. I'm her manager now.


Do, sorry. Doing charity out here. Unnecessarily amount. She's about to get a noble pre peace prize. She's in the peace court she's doing so she's something This girl is giving back and she doesn't have to. So shout out to you. Well Thank You. I just wanna put that out there. You ever See those girls in like the pageants? Like what's one thing you can change about the world? And they're like world. World peace. World peace. That's me. That is so fucking me. How do we feel about Pooky having chest hair? I personally do not like chest hair. I don't like it touching me. So I make Pooky like shave it off.


I like when Pooky uses the chairman Pro Electric full shaver. It's the latest innovation at Manscaped. What makes the Shaver so amazing? It's the ultimate tool that brings a luxury and professional shave right to his bathroom. And it's kind of fun. I get to like shave his chest for him. Can you use it in the shower? Heck yeah. It's waterproof. You can use it in the shower. It comes with two skin safe blade heads. It even comes with a travel log. It's perfect for business trips and weekend getaways with Pooky. So if you're looking for a thoughtful and practical gift that he'll actually use in love, the Chairman pro is the way to go. Get 20% off in free shipping with the code to it Manscaped dot com. That's 20% off in free shipping with the code TUA h@manscape.com. The chairman pro is the way to go.


I have to confess something to you. You're a man. I knew it. I knew it. I was, I was waiting for it to come out. I knew it was too good to be true. So HALIEY was talking about How she's like, I I don't wanna Talk Tuah men anymore. And I have to tell you something. No, I'm just kidding. But it's about men. It's about men. You hate 'em too. Look, some of them are good and some of them are not. And it's important to not get rose colored glasses. But in terms of the Hawk Tuah thing, I hate spit What I just have to tell you. 'cause I feel like we're connecting and we can be different in some ways, but I'm gonna stay real with you.


I think BETR be okay. You and Whitney are different in some ways and y'all hate it off. Exactly because we're both, you know, we like to have fun. We like to be Silly. You're a all person too. Thank you. Because my thing is, I don't know what it is about spit. It's like it's, I'm like, I don't want you spit on Me. It's kind nasty if you think about it. I don't want him, but he can put his tongue all up in me. But I don't want him spitting on me and I, I'm not gonna spit on him. 'cause you know like when you're little and you like lick your arm and you smell it and you're like, Ooh Brother. Ooh Oh Yeah brother. Ooh. Ooh. So it's, I'm like adult but then like if he spit, I'm like, just use some lube. Yeah. Do you, you use Use, She's a spit. She's she spits. Do you ever run outta spit? I Mean put it this way.


Another, if you ever get cotton mouth real bad, you are like trying to spit it up. I hate it when I'm cotton mouth. That means like my lips are shriveling up to and I'm like, oh shit, where's my Chapstick? You gotta get, There's nothing together until I have Chapstick on mouth. Do they have Loop in Tennessee? Yes, they, I'm sure they do. I mean I've personally never looked for it but It's funny because I was doing crowd work with this girl who's like younger at the age myself. But she was like, I've never used lube before. And like look, I'm as we as they come like you. But a little lube helps you know in the beginning when you're a little like nervous or like you're running out. Yeah like a little lube just gets everything flowing better. And I was late to the lube game and I realized I just wanna promote it for the girls listening who may be like me, who don't love, who I don't like, I don't wanna slip on my own spit Now that I'm thinking about it.


You know you put that lube like in my shoe, right? What are you talking about? I was in her bedroom the other night and we were in this hotel a few months ago and they have like little care bundles, you know? Is that what you know? You know like how they give you like little samples of stuff like sitting on the bathroom seeing or something. There's condoms and loose. It Was like A little bag and it said s What. I. What? I was guys in Soho. Was it a brothel? No, it was Soho. Were You getting sex traffic? No. No. But anyhow they had like these little plastic things of like lube and they were so squishy they just felt like orbie beads, you know? And I was like, well shit, let's take it. You felt Like a A what? Like it was squishy, you know like slime.


Kind of a Orbe Bead. Like you know how it's squishy? How Do you know what a orbie bead is? Dude, that's what my childhood was. I used to beg Granny I was like, granny you please get me these new color of fucking orbies please. She goes, Orbe beads are my favorite. They're my religion. They're what? I do everything for Actually. Like they're just so soft and they're squishy. I need To look into Orbe beads. I'm a texture person. I like filling on shit. Yeah but they're squishy anyhow. This fucking lube. It's like in a little packaging that big. Yeah, I guess she was cleaning out her suitcase the other night and just tossed it and it went in my shoe. Yeah. So that's where it kind of stayed. There's something that go hot and cold. I don't need all that. See that Just freaks me out. I just want, it would me too. Like why is my coer tastes like bananas? Like I don't get that. That's just not right with me. Like I will be like, don't spit on me.


But then like I'll eat tuna fish from seven 11. You know that kind of freak, you know? That's the kind of freak I am. Do you Have a guilty pleasure for like nasty food? I love nasty food. I Do too. I'm a sucker for something just nasty. I'll also try anything. Yeah. Eat. Like if you say it's good, I'll Try it. Eat you eat caviar, You know that shit is like, you don't come across it that much. I tried to stay away from it. Now that I know what it looks like, I'll not fucking Touch it. Chasing you how often? You can't run into W Okay. Oh because you're in some rich shit right now. They try to give you caviar. Yeah. Like we'll go out to dinners and stuff for like business and I'll say stuff like the sushi we had, I would love to be flying the wall. One of your business centers. So You're married, right? Yeah, but it's off brand. Like I don't talk about it a lot.


It's just like a side thing that happened. Well I was, Well, I was living my life. It happened. It just happened. If you guys have any relationship questions, by the way, 'cause I'm married, people think I know everything and I can answer. Well I have high hopes in you that you know everything. How'd you meet this fella? Ooh. So he's a comedian and So he giggled you outta your drawers. That's what it is. Laughter was is the only way to, no if he's, there's other ways to get me on my drawers, but laughter is sustainable. Like yeah, if I feel like relationships are just like a conversation for a long time. You ever like, like someone, you get all excited but then you're like sitting on the couch with them and you're like, I'm not interested in anything you're saying. Yes. You know, you don't like how they breathe.


You need someone that makes you laugh. And I'm not saying you have to be the comedian, but make someone that has good chemistry that you could be stupid with. Yeah. I cannot be with like a serious man. He's gonna be like funny, you know? Yeah. And and there's a confidence that comes with a guy that doesn't take himself too seriously. And a girl who doesn't take herself too seriously. That's hot. That's confident. That's why your video blew up. You Think that's hot? Yeah, I do. That's good. Because it's like you're, you're just being yourself and being confident, comfortable in your skin. So how Long have you been married? I'm a baby Two years. Just two years. But he, so yeah, I was in, I was doing cold calling sales. But I loved comedy so I'd go to comedy shows and I actually saw him perform at the Comedy Cellar way like seven years ago.


And I was like, this guy's hot, but like I'm not gonna Talk Tuah him. And he lived in Ireland. Oh he is Irish. He's from New York but he is Irish. Oh. And he, when he was 14 he was naughty. He was being crazy. So his parents shipped him off to Ireland where like they're even better at drinking. Which is hilarious. So he went to the major leagues of drinking and became a comedian there. But yeah, Irish guys are fun. Does He have like an accent? He has like a mix. Like he'll say Irish stuff in a Queen's accent. That's So cute. But during Covid I got into comedy and we followed each other. And during C he came back to Long Island and I was in Long Island during Covid. And he just dmd me. I was like, do you wanna get coffee? Oh. And it's like a best friend.


Like you meet them and you're just like, oh I wanna spend all my time with this person. And it was like real quick. But it was right after I was like 29 single live with my parents. Four cats. Four cats. It was, it was getting like dark aesthetically like people would be like, you're not doing well. And my mom being like, is there something wrong? And I was like, no one got away. Yeah. And like I'm actually, I feel like when you're at the point where you go, oh being single's better than being with the wrong dude is when the right energy comes towards you, You manifested That. I manifested that. I, but I feel like in my twenties it's a lot of like figuring out who you like, how you feel comfortable. Like be yourself. Who the fuck is that? I don't know Exactly. I'm becoming myself. My brain isn't even fully formed in my twenties.


Not to, you know, but it's true. No, That's okay. I like something new every day about myself that that's okay. I learn something new almost every day.


Hey Chelsea, do you remember when we went to Matt Rife? Yes. That was so much fun. I just love going to live events. Let me get on my phone and go to the Gametime app and we can look and see which event we wanna go to next. Oh Can you see when D is coming to Nashville? I heard she was going on tour. Yeah That sounds like a good idea. You know what I love about Gametime? You can see the view from the seats before you buy the tickets here. Look, We gotta get those seats. And Gametime has a new feature, it's called Gametime Picks. It makes getting tickets for this event so much easier. I love using Gametime to find tickets. It's so simple. It Sounds like it helps to filter everything so you can see the deals so much quicker. Yep. And that's what's cool about it. Even if we don't get these tickets today, we can get 'em last minute at her concert. That's great. While we're in New York City. Should we look and see what we can do tonight? Let's do it. But first everyone needs to go download the Gametime app, create an account, use the code Talk Tuah it and get $20 off your first purchase. Terms Apply create An account and redeem code. T-A-L-K-T-U-A-H for $20 off. Download Gametime today. What time is it? Gametime Ask You.


So you're, he's a little bit older than you, Right? Oh Yeah. He's older. So I'm 33. Not he's 48. He's mature. Thank you. Why Do you think I'm seeing anything that Older man's better? I have a lot of thoughts on this and I do have to preface this. When met this man when I was in my thirties, my brain was fully formed. I was financially independent enough that I wasn't gonna depend on him for anything as you should. And I knew what I wanted. And so when I met him in my thirties, it was like he's pre-trained. He's been yelled at by a lot of previous girls. So I don't have to train him 'cause I'm not a caretaker like that. No, he's confident in his own stuff. So he's not gonna be comparing to me or or weirdly competitive with me and older guys.


Like I listen to them when they talk 'cause they actually know stuff. But I do have to say in your early twenties, I don't like you fucking with like guys in their forties. 'cause they could be a little, I don't Love, I didn't mean to side eye you like I do that but like You got a point I like, I like guys in your thirties when you're in your twenties 'cause at some point guys in your forties, I'm like why are they talking to girls whose brains aren't fully formed yet? Yeah. And also like our girls their own age see them for who they are and that's why they're going for younger girls. My man's a little bit older but he is not that much older. I like a little bit older. Yeah, He is like 24. Yeah like, 'cause let's be honest, the maturity, emotional maturity.


I'd say like me and my husband are the same. Is he romantic? He's romantic and like, and like he'll do anything to make me laugh. Aw. And he's romantic and like he, he like he's protective of me. I don't trust guys who are too like on paper romantic like if a guy gets me flowers too much or he is writing me love letters, I think he's cheating. Don't put that in the back of my head. Shit. m Saying I They put that in the back of my head. You know all the stories of girls who get murdered or they they get cheated on. They always go. He used to leave me love letters every morning about how great I am And I go, he's overcompensating Babe.


What is some of your worst and best research stories when dating? I dated a lot of athletes with CTE. Do you know what CTE is? I don't like the way it sounds. I know it's not gonna be good. What is That? It's not std. I know you were thinking S std. It's not std. Whoa, whoa. But they do have STDs too. And you hit that It's not good. So like I love football. Shout out my fancy football team. It's not good for men. Like football's not good for men. They're like gladiators and they're risking their mental capacity of being to chase the ball. To chase the ball and they make money. But like do you really care to make money when you came form a sentence or you get, you start punching walls for no reason.


I'm just raising awareness out here in these streets. But athletes, I dated an athlete and yet he was dumb and I joked he wanted me to go to Bible study all the time and I was like, you can't read. So how are you studying the Bible? And I wasn't gonna teach him how to read because I'm busy. I have stuff to do. You're you're, He really couldn't read. You're 21 years old. I'm not teaching you how to read it. Just some of them. He was very good at football. I feel Like you're the man in all your relationships. That's how it should be though. It's funny. I feel like I just have a I was raised very like, not like, oh you're a princess. I was raised like You're in control. Yeah. Just be hardworking, be smart, be kind. Yeah.


So like I'm not trying to, I'm just me and that's all you can be. But I like you. I like you a lot. And I like You too. I like You too. It was funnier. Is it you or your husband? We, I feel like we both have to find each other. Like the funniest, the good thing is when we met during Covid we got engaged before we even saw each other do standup before. So like I fell in love with this man's humor off stage. Like when he's on stage, that's him performing and he's great at what he does. But like there's a lot of comics that are so funny on stage but off stage I'm like you're depressing me. You know like they just have bad energy or some people are really funny but they don't see your humor. You need someone, people always like, oh I, I want a girl who laughs at my jokes.


I want a guy who laughs at my jokes too. I wanna say a guy who never laughed in my jokes, He'd have to go Up the door but like he was handsome and funny and successful and everyone like loved me with him. But when I was alone with him I felt not funny. I need to come to one of your shows. I would love to have You. That'd be so fun. I Would love to have you. So how do you pick somebody outta the crowd? Do you wanna like pick on That is such a good question. I wanna know. 'cause I was watching you last night. I smell and you picked on Kevin. Poor Kevin. Bless his heart. Bless his Heart and his on, I smell fear in the audience. I don't know what it is as a comic, you're not just giving a speech. It's like a dance. Like you are giving me energy, I'm giving you energy and sometimes you'll sense the boyfriend who's a little nervous and I actually want them to like me.


So how I do is I build them up, I break them down, I build them up and we go on this journey. But like I like a guy who's wearing something weird or like if they're, if you're doing anything that I could start off with, I'm coming for you. And with comedy you have to be quick to see like if they're gonna bring it or you're onto the next one. But like if a guy's like holding a girl's hand a certain way, what About like the straight interviews? How do you pick out those kind of people That I love? You know? So that's why I love your street interview so much. 'cause I, I got a lot of my career from street interviews. But mine was with, I'd be hanging out at the standup club and I would get the male comics outside and I'd be like, don't try to be funny. I'm gonna ask these funny questions. Just be vulnerable and let me riff with you.


So you targeted men So I targeted the men. Fuck yeah. And they, it was great 'cause I got to ask them, they're my friends so I could like lean in and ask them like really vulnerable things. So you knew 'em. So I knew them all. I Thought they were random men. I did At first try to do random men. I said to comics, I don't want you to like make this into a joke. Like I want it to be raw. But the these guys, not everyone wants to be on camera. Like they'll be like smoking cigs drunk next day I'd get emails like take take this down. And I just wanna film people who wanna be on camera because like even yours, like if the next day you're like, I was drunk, I didn't want you to put that up. They have to take that down Oh. no, no they don't. Did you try to get it down? Yeah I did and now I'm getting a bunch of shit for it.


But at the end of the day I don't have any hate in my heart towards those boys. No. Just, nah, they do their thing. I'll do mine. I do have to Say sometimes the painful things that are hard, like I like how you leaned into it and, and you, It took me a minute. Embraced it. But yeah it took me a minute but, And a lot of people have viral moments and not everyone runs with it. So I'm proud of you. Well Thank you, it took like two or three weeks before I was like, you know what I was like he is not gonna take it down. I was like, I might as well get the fuck over this shit. So I did. And also we come from a generation with, it's very empowering to talk about sex obviously. Like I think there's some older generations that are like, oh like it's disgusting, it's whatever.


I go on stage and I talk about sex so girls feel less alone and girls are prepared. I talk about losing your virginity on stage and how I experience, I saw that because, and people can be like, oh she's dirty, I'm not dirty. I'm talking about it. So someone Shit alone. I mean it's real shit though. It's normal shit. I don't understand what deal Feels less alone. It's not a big deal. Exactly. And also speaking as like, I don't know, I feel like the south could be a little more traditional but like to me I was like she's a comedian and she didn't know it yet. But like you just made people laugh and you were being spread. Awareness about, talking about sex is important. People want us to not talk about sex so people can control you. Yeah. They're out here controlling us. No, but seriously if girls never talk, we don't know if his dick is bad. If we're not gossiping, she's, if we're not gossiping about the dick, your friend could be getting fingered on the side of her leg her whole life.


Yeah. Left lip. Left lip. You gotta sit down and be like, no you know he should be doing this and that and you could do that. And have you tried that And see they should Appreciate that more. Yes. And it's so much fun. Like after your friend gets back like at the end of the night from like a date or something. I love getting all the tea from her. It's the best. It's like Tell Chelsea Tell me when. Tell me when. Chelsea tell me when. That's all girls talk about that. You wanna know. Oh shit. But I think it's important that we talk about stuff. So I'm proud of you. I Think it is too. We need to normalize it. Like Chelsea. Yeah, he put up, I ain't gonna say that. I ain't gonna say that. I actually wanna know what you're about to say. You remember what I told you the other day? Oh my God.


I'll tell you after. I cannot say that on camera. She's A bullet. I could tell. Look at her. She's a real one. She didn't know what to say when I was telling her about this the other day. So me and Pooky, we had like a little Wait, wait, Pooky, Pookie's, your Man. Pookie's my officially my man first off. Woo. I didn't even tell you guys no, he tricked Me. Okay. So no, they were going on a date. I tell you what, he walked in and I was like, damn girl. Damn shit. I was like Pooky, you look so snazzy. And he was like, thanks. He's like, I gotta show you something. And he showed me his phone and it was like he had balloons all over his room. He had a sign that said Be mine. Be mine. Wait, so your first date is the first time he asked you to be his girlfriend.


I love that. It's, It was so cute. I was, did you hook up the first day video? So background story. I've known this man for like three years. Oh he is playing hard to get. And I love a good game. I'm always after the Chase. Yes, yes. He made it worth it. I guess he got so mad at me. I ruined it. I turned the fan on 'cause we went to his apartment. He tricked me. He had his friend call him and he was Like, hey I need my lunchbox. It's like at your house. And he was like, oh okay, we're gonna go get it. And I was like, okay, that's fine. Chelsea's still acting about doing her thing, you know, that's fine. We go back to his apartment and he turns on the lights and I was like his bedroom door shut. I was like, what the fuck's he hiding up in there. His door ain't ever shut. I was like, hmm, something's cooked.


I opened that door and I swung it open. I would turn the lights on, I turned the fan on and all those balloons just whoosh gone. It was still cute though. I Was, I do like if every time you go to his place he has new balloons, that's not a good sign. But I like him taking a moment for a Beautiful Part of the relationship. That's Cute. They're so proud of it too. I love that he had like rose petals on like a on the bed and a little heart shape and then a big bouquet of roses in it. Also. Pooky is the most southern shit name I've ever heard. That's what you call Your nickname. You actually know what Pooky is. It's like an atrocious fart. Oh that's an atrocious fart. Poopy. I didn't know that. My favorite thing about southern names is the grandma's. How you always call 'em like memaw, Memaw Mamaw.


Like we call 'em grandma like nana or grandma. That's it. In the north it's Nana or grandma. If they're Italian, they're Nana. If they're not Italian they're grandma. Well I have granny, I have a nana. I did have a Memaw. Everyone has mem south. What do you got? Mammaw Paw. Paw Paw. Yeah. What are the grandpa's? Both my grandparents are dead. But like my granny's ex-husband that I always claim to be my granddad. He is Papapa. He's Papapa. But I did have a Pappy and A Pappy. Yeah. That's so fun. Pappy wore overalls. It just makes sense about Pappy.


Election day is coming up on November 5th and there's a website sendthevote dot org slash talk that makes registering to vote very easy. It's a non-partisan, meaning they don't care who you're voting for, they just want to ensure you can vote. Head over to sendthevote dot org slash talk and they'll help you sign up, register and check if you're all set. You can also text Talk Tuah 3 3 0 2 2 to learn more. That's T alk 3, 3 0 2 2.


See if I was president, we'd have no issue. I'm just not old enough. That's the only problem. Yeah, but we'd have mandatory smoke sessions. We've talked about this before. 12:00 PM every day. And then the crime rate's gonna drop. You know's The one's asleep watching tv. Well they're eating. The only problem we face see This is a standup is a food shortage. This is This is a standup. But. that was your first standup bit. And you, you say if I was president, that gets a laugh. I'm gonna have everyone have smoke breaks. Little laugh you can make a joke about be like not smoking crack. That was, that was my nanny or whatever. Not my mama. That's my mama. That's my mama. We don't recommend we're smoking weed.


Yeah. And then you go into, and then you end it with the food shortage. That's hilarious. That's your first bit babe. We got It. Oh, I'm trying to be funny. I'm being serious. And that is what you're, I you're that kind of person. When you try be funny, you'll throw yourself off. Just be serious. 'cause you are a funny person. If we're talking about being funny people, I, I saw the bit you done about Queefs. Can we talk about that for a minute? Actually That's my favorite bit. Thank you for bringing it up. I love that. How'd you come up with that? No, it was, she actually farts but she just blames it on ef. 'cause I, Amanda Well what do you does It smells, It can, okay. If this you blame it on the dog, obviously there's always a dog in the room. I dunno why Moose Did you do that?


Moose. The what? If there's not a dog in the room, if there's not a dog moose. Oh, I'm sorry. I was, I was just referencing at you. But if we ever far this it is you, I'm sorry. And I apologize for putting it on you. But. That's what you look like. You would have a, a smelly fart. 'cause we're dainty women. My thing. So it was actually me and my podcast host for Giggly Squad. We were talking about Queing and how it's messed up, how guys will be like you qued. And we were like, stop saying I qued you qued me. Yeah. Like you're pumping me with air like a pool toy. You done it like you put it onto me. I was just sitting here like a fucking basketball and like, yes, I'm so tight that the air got trapped and made a sound. But that's not my fault. That you didn't anticipate that.


And then I was saying, yeah, what? But whenever I, I'm gassy. So like occasionally, you know you're trying to push out orgasm and occasionally you push out a little little fart or you're holding or you know what, you will not have to fart all day. And the second you start doing doggy, you're like, why do I not have to fart? You Gotta like clench your butt hole. You Gotta cle it and you can't clench an orgasm. It's a whole thing. So I say, if you accidentally fart, you go, I, sorry, I qued. And dudes don't know what queefs are anyway. So you get away with it Like, ew, did you fart? You blame Him. Did you guys hear that? Say, did you smell that girls gaslight? Like that's orga light. Like we will blame anyone else. And if he's like, no I didn't. It's like, well who else could it be?


Not me. Exactly. I'm no else works else, could it? I'm like, do you smell that? What the fuck is that whole time? It's my asshole. I do just say when I start drinking beer and you know like you're dancing and they're, you're just shaking the beer in your stomach. And then obviously I have like the worst beer far and it's never me. It's always the dude behind me. I'm like, what the f That's disgusting bro. Get This motherfucker outta here. That's just like you to the bathroom right now. He needs to change his underwear. Yeah, but I also, it's me, but also I'm not the, I'm not the far police. Like if I smell something, I don't try to like, you know those people who are like, who done it, who done it? I never do that. 'cause a lot of time it's me. So I'm not trying to be like, it's like it's not me. I don't wanna come for other people. 'cause I know how scary it is. When it is you, We actually need an answer from you.


We were talking about this, was it last night or this morning? I don't know. What is it pissing Oh? no. When you score, is it fist? What is it? What is it we need to fucking Know? I know it's 2024 and scientists still haven't figured this out. No one gives a fuck about women. They're like, oh we don't care. This is, well we do, we we care. I think. Well it's from the pee hole, right? I don't know. I don't, I have no idea. I asking You think There's some pee, but it's not pee pee. Like it doesn't smell like pee pee. I think it's, it's, it's like 2% milk.


A little bit pee, 2% pee. It Is a little bit pee. It's like if you ever get the urge to pee, do you just squirt do it? You're like, like what if it is piss and it's like bright yellow? What do you do then? It smells like asparagus. It's through the urethra. Yeah. So you know what you do. I just squirted in the bathroom before this pod. I like how you put that and you, why aren't you president, Bitch. That's what I've been saying. And no one's listening to me. I'll be your running mate. I'll be your vice. I'll be your vp. I'll just be the hype girl in the back shaking my ass. Dude, you literally got This. And I'll be like, we got city, we got country. We're bringing the north and south together right now. We're not. We're red and blue together to make purple today at Tuah. I Need just make purple. We couldn't see your ass by the way.


Anyways, I have a game I for hot October. It's called GHOST OR. NAH. Okay. All right. So I'm gonna ask you a few questions and say a you ghost somewhere. You know he got, you got it. Okay. I'm pro ghost. Alright. Call you baby. Nah. No, I like that. No, you Like that. I like that. I Like that a lot. You like that? I thought you, I thought you didn't like baby. I don't like baby girl. Okay. I feel like I like baby Girl. That's a nuance. That's die. Yeah, baby girl means he's like baby girl, Did you ever watch that movie? It's like 365 days. And it's like you did. And he is like Baby girl, baby girl. That's what done it for me. I was like, get get the fuck out, take your shit and get out.


Now I I couldn't stand that Calls you the wrong name in bed. Ghost. Ghost. That one's actually I'd probably beat his ass and then ghost him. That's probably how that would go. Also, I love how little you are when you say I'm gonna beat his ass like this. She, she's nimble. I could break you like, Well see I don't fight fair. I'm gonna pick up what I can find like a lamp or like a table, a microwave. I'm fixing pop you in the hamburger, a glass and then I'm gonna sprint away after you're unconscious. I'm scared. Alright. That was some straight, you need a wwe WEI Think it'd be fun. Yeah, But manager put that in. She's buying Jojo Too. Okay. I'm excited. Good. Love you Jojo.


And Okay wait. This is a good one. You send him to go pick up pads and he comes back with adult diapers. I'm not ghosting him 'cause that's just a man. I'm gonna say no because Jamie asked us if we wanted regular or if we were feeling sporty today. So Oh Yeah. I though It's because like they dunno. My favorite Is to ask him to get you the super tampons or ask them the difference between a super tampon and a regular tampon. They never know that Oh Yeah. They'll always be like one of thems like Powerful. Like super. Exactly. Or like the ultra ones are like, well what does that mean? Like is it the size? It just means they don't have. Yeah, they don't always. But they don't care about women.


Okay, the next one's posting thirst traps. Ghost. If he's posting thirst traps, ghost. Yeah. Like why are you doing that? Like when they're posting pictures in the mirror, they show off and they're like, Oh Yeah. I'm like, get out. Who sent you? Yeah. I don't know if they're even attracting girls at that point. Ooh, What about long toenails? No and no I five more prefer no long fingernails. 'cause it means if he's fingering you it's like saw three. Saw three. I ghosted a man once because his toenail scratched me when we were gonna sleep. Like after that I'd never talked to him. Man, I remember that. That was probably very invi of me. That Exact same reason. No, but it says a lot about him. He's not, if he's not taking care of his toes, how's he gonna take care of your jellybean?


Do you have a alter ego? Yeah, I think when I'm on stage, what's Her name? I think it's I, Hannah Berner. Hannah Berner Ego ego's Name. Yeah, that's my, my diva monster name. Okay. Hannah. Berner. 'cause people be like, is it Burner? And I go burn air. She's like a mo say when I'm famous on Burn. She's a man. Eat. Oh HALIEY Also has a a. Who's your author? You go. So we've recently established that. I also have another one. We've figured this one out the other night. Har Harriet. Harriet. We have Harley Harley's the bad one that you want to beat with like a chair or something.


She's really bad. And Harriet's just good vibes. Like you wanna be around Harry, Good job. Harry is just a peach. Then What is HALIEY? We're still figuring that out. And that you'll see on the next podcast. I've Talk Tuah of when we delve a little deeper into Hailey's psyche. Haliey iss actually experiment seven. Like, I don't know. I couldn't tell you what Haliey is. Hailey's an alien. I'm actually, you just pull off your mask and we're like Adam Sandler Alien's. Actually like in my middle name, Hailey's Vagina's name's Big Martha. Big Martha. The Nickname for yours. I'm Obsessed with that.


Lotus Flower. Bomb. Lotus Flower Bal. That is the winner right there. Thank you. It's a lot of syllable. We need help. Chelsea name hers. Yeah. How about you come up with a name for mine? 'cause she's trying to name on Doug. Does Doug not sound like a good name? No, that just sounds dirty. That's not But I think a Doug. I think I like the gremlin. What about mosquito? Okay, I like mosquito. It grows on Me. You wanna see my little mosquito? What? The Fuck. you could have a comedic three-way with with two other comedians, right?


BETR be three. Who would it be? I would say, can I pick, can I do a four way? Sure. Damn. More than Mary. Three. Three wasn't enough. Ali Wong, Chelsea Handler Whitney and me. Okay, Fair enough. Good one. That should be entertaining as fuck. Is it my turn? Yeah. Will I Answer this? I'm not gonna say Matt Rife because Pooky will smack me on the back of the neck with the same Boat. Wait, how are you guys doing? We're good. Who? Her and Matt Rife or her and Pooky? Oh, Her and Matt. Well I try not to talk about it. Pooky gets jealous. Sorry, Pooky.


Yeah. I'm not gonna say Matt rife for this 'cause he will actually whoop my ass. He's very insecure about Matt Rife. Yeah, I mean there's only a pillow on my bed oven, but whatever. All right. I'm southern now. Which One? Move him. Bed. That makes a man go crazy. Oh, what's a moving man that makes moving man? A moving man that makes him make crazy. Oh, Good question. I've heard everything you can think of. So don't be creative. Be Creative. I mean, I'm trying to make it because like you can't just say doggy. You Ever heard the corkscrew? I said the same thing. I said the same thing. You gotta rotate.


You gotta spin on that dip, re redo, reap. You Know? Oh, when you're doing a hand. I don't give hand jobs. I'm a grownup. Yeah, a grown up. You can do it yourself at this point. You do it better than me. I'm not also, my fingers are like literally nubs. I'm not giving hand jobs. Figure it out. It guys, they want you to give an Oscar performance about how about their dick? You know, you've never seen a dick like this. Oh, it's huge. But to get there, it's fun to be like, like put in, just like This is the most insane experience it's ever happened. And it's also like manifesting like then you start actually feeling like, oh, This is actually great. And then like it's all mental. So I think the best thing you could do in bed is like be mentally present.


Like don't be thinking about your taxes or thinking about that email you didn't respond to. Like try to be present in the moment with him and his dick.


Alright y'all, now that we're a month into the NFL season, I can confidently tell you one thing. Betr Picks has me out here loving football for the first time in forever. When you got a chance to win a thousand times your money watching football, it's impossible not to love it. I have no idea who's winning the Super Bowl, but I do know one thing When you pull that crumply old dollar bill outta your ass and put it into a Betr Picks lineup, that shit is fun. Download better right now. Make a lineup and I dare you to tell me it doesn't make your NFL Sundays a thousand times more fun Download. Better play Betr Picks.


So you're telling me I can't be thinking about like something to eat after? No, That's my biggest issue. I'm like Taco Bell sounds so fucking good. It's like needy video. No, We've been there. No, we've been there. But that's like the best sex is when you literally like time stops. You have to be relaxed. You have to be turned on also you can, you can manifest while you masturbate. You heard of that masturbation manifestation. When you orgasm, if you think about something you want, it's like the most top tier energy to put into the universe. So you go ah, You just pop that thing. I got you. I got you. You go I wanna do color daddy. Okay so we need to get some stones out and some Crystals and you could orgasm with a stone in you.


That's some la shit though. I haven't done that. I would wind up sucking that thing up and it would be gone. You don't have to put it in your mouth. I wasn't talking about my mouth. I wasn't talking about my mouth. Oh you got a suction coat. Well anyway, if you have, if you get any stones stuck at you, I am not to blame Blame. You wouldn't come fish it out with a headlamp That was some white trash that you just said. Well Thank, you HANNAH for coming and Thank you bowl arrow for having us in here. Yay. Go like comment, subscribe to Talk Tuah us with Haliey Welch. Follow wherever you get your podcasts.


While you're watching this, take a picture and tag me and tell me who you want next. Tag me and Talk Tuah her and I'll be sure to repost. I'm really excited about my new merchant. If you want something for yourself, go to shop better.app. And one more time. Shop do better.app.