
Great. The key to you is don't overthink anything. Don't plan or plot anything. The key to your success is just flying by the seat of your pants and being exactly who you are. That's why I think me and you connect on a different level. I think so too. We both find, also find the same men in their twenties. Attractive. Yeah. We have the same type Welcome. back to Talk Tuah today I got Miss Whitney Cummings. Y'all have already seen her, but she had to come back. I love her. And then we got our two guests down here in the floor. We have Hartley. Hartley's a little blind, but she still gets around. And then, oh Ru, we're Arga right here. And then we have Ru down here.


Ru's a little bit feisty, but she likes a calm environment so they're just gonna be hanging out with us. And then we got Chelsea over here and then we got Jamie. Of course Jamie's one of the women. Sure Am. We need a white man for diversity. Exactly. These days. I agree. I agree. I got you a little friendship bracelet. I had to put it down so I'd keep up with it. Did you really? I'd lose it if I didn't. Did Babe, Come on Like a big sister. I never had. Oh, come on. I love you. Yeah, I love You too. Oh, this makes my day Thank. you. I'm, I hit it off with you so I had to have you back. We really did. I hope. I hope I just, my nightmare would to create any pressure for you. I feel you're going through so much, so fast. I feel like we connected and then I was like, let me just not put any pressure on her. Yeah. She'll know where I am if she needs me.


I wasn't nervous talking to you. Oh Good. Not at all. Because afterwards you did Bill Maher. You did? I got a history election or lecture from him. Yeah. How'd that go? I was just the whole time it went right over my head. I hated history in school and I was just, well what's The point of memorizing any history? 'cause we've now learned that none of it was true. Half Of it, like when I grew up, I don't know if This is even what you learned in school. I learned that the Native Americans and the, and the pilgrims had a fun dinner. Oh Yeah. That that's, that's what I got From her. I learned that they put on their best shoes with buckles and their best hat and they all sat down and shared maze. They had corn and they had a corn copia and it went great.


And now you then They have a Turkey too. Yeah, They had a damn Turkey. So you got lectured about history. So you now know what to not do while hosting a podcast. Christopher Columbus held the ocean blue in 19 60 10, 14 92. Okay. He didn't teach me very fucking much. I think the most history until now has kind of been gossip. Right? Yeah. I mean it's kind of just like, you know what I mean? Well like I feel like if I won a battle, I'd be like, not only am I gonna tell this story, but I'm also gonna say like, my opponent was like fat and stupid. Like, you know, I'm gonna add insult to it too. Yeah, yeah. Totally. Because he is not here to set the record Straight. Right. There was no way I won. I think the people were like, what if chat GPT, like Photoshop's photos. It's like we had paintings before where the king was telling them what to paint. I mean that was probably worse than Photoshop.


Yeah, I'd be right. Like Mona Lisa. So you've had Jake Paul, you've had, I don't know what order you're gonna do these in, but you've had Jake Paul on. Yes. Is that it? Yes. So far. Jake's pretty wild. He, He's a little spooky to Talk Tuah. Really? That's like a man, you know? Yeah. That is not like a little soft boy. You know? It's easy to Talk Tuah that. That's a whole man right there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was like, Yeah, You know, I'm a little ass girl over here talking to those grown man. I was like, what the fuck did I Talk Tuah him about? You know? You knew him before. Right? Were you a fan before? Yeah, I've watched him for a few years. And what are you noticing in the difference between being a fan of someone from afar and then meeting him? Like is it what you expected? He was exactly what I expected. Like he lets on like he's an asshole and that's what I like about him.


He owns up to that shit. He knows it. That's what I got Respect for him for that. I like That. I like That I can be an asshole too. And he's Comfortable with controversy. He, yeah, he's okay with it. He's very comfortable with that. I think that's like one of the most important skills now is being comfortable with like letting people project onto you and like think, you know, like if you stand up for yourself, you're a bitch. If you like wanna win a fight, you're an asshole. It's like, all right, just project Whatever. you want, I know that my identity at a certain point is kind of like a mixture of who I am and what you project onto me. Yeah. I mean, you can't please 'em all either. So. No, definitely not. And then Matt Rife met him in person Thanks to you. Best wing man ever. Yeah. Shout out you girlfriend. Now I got a pillow of him to sleep with every night, whatever that is.


Oh, that was a match made in heaven right there. Lemme just gone and tell you. I was reading all the comments like on our post. And they're like, oh look, it's like the first look and we're like smiling at each other. You will never see me smile at a man like that ever again in my entire fucking life. Let me just go on and tell you. You can ask her. I died. Please don't. They didn't warn us. They come and got us like from the car and then we walked around and they didn't say, he was like right there at the fucking corner. We were going around. I was like, what the hell? And I go around. I was like, oh, I was like Oh. no, I haven't prepared myself what to say to this man. He was Like, hey. And I was like, she's like, don't look me in the eyes. And he was like, okay. Oh. no, He could have turned me to Stone. Looking into my I was like, oh my God, don't look me. You're in la. You can go get Botox right now and look like a stone whenever you want.


Yeah, that's actually a good point. There's Botox everywhere. Yeah. Most people do. I get a little myself. I call it Botox when I do it. Botox, Bro. You Really? I get Botox. Well, here's the thing, you don't have any wrinkles. No shit. Do you really get it? Here's why, guys, look, I'm not about to be on fucking trial here. So you're Serious. You do get Botox. Let me explain. And Whitney, you can back me up here. I don't Get Botox anymore. No, hold on the, the earlier you get it. Yep. Right. So when you start young, you're actually just getting rid of whatever wrinkles would pop up. So it's not like I'm going every week and getting shit done. It's like I went a few times. I actually went again like last month, but like for a touch up. But yeah. Where do you get it? I go to Calabasas. I got, I'm not like where? Oh, forehead and then crow's feet right here.


But here's the thing. Oh wow. So you still have some movement, which is good. I have tons of movement. You should have more though. Here's the thing. Number one, if you're a girl and you get Botox, number one, you're gonna track pedophiles. Okay? We're all trying to stop shaving your vagina hair. Don't stop shaving your vagina. Where the fuck Whitney's going with this? Don't stop. No, I realize we're gonna grow it out and put be in It. I was dating creeps the longest time and I didn't realize I was baiting them by having a bald pussy and Botox. Of course. Okay. I Okay. Thank you for that too. Thank you. And Here's the other thing I want people to know when I'm pissed off at them. Yeah. I want people to know when I'm mad. And I realized that when I had Botox, I didn't have any wrinkles. So I would be like mad at somebody and they'd be like, anyway, like they think I was joking and I was like, I'm serious and I'm gonna have to subtitle my face.


'cause they didn't have any wrinkles or wrinkles. Okay. I better, they convey information. See I have like a bitchy face. I have like a wrinkle going through here. Let me see. No, that's normal. I Honestly think, yeah, I'm gonna leave mine. It gives me Character. At this point, wrinkles are a sign of youth. Yeah, I agree. That's Why I decided to just stop getting Botox. Cherry pug rock of you. Yeah. See I, you know what I do kind of want, there's, you can get Botox in your armpits so that you don't sweat. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I need that. But the dermatologist said to me, so, okay, so you can get, I think it's like 18 shots in both one armpit, 18 and 18 so that you don't sweat. But then he was like, the sweat does have to come out somewhere and it usually comes out in your Wow. Well all your and your Poy banana catch the sweat now in her pucci ano preventative Men.


That's why you grew it out. Honestly, at this point, I like having pubic hair, sweating, wrinkles. 'cause it is just my goal in life to attract straight men. And it really deters all the gay men. And I can't date any more gay men. Yeah. Shit. If you wanna come over here and munch on this truck, go for it, boy. Yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. If a guy looks at pubes on a vagina and is like, nevermind. This is, you know, He's a sissy ass bitch. That's exactly, yeah. We're weeding out. I got you Think that way you make me wanna grow mine out and like finger wave it or something. Fuck yeah. You got me rethinking every damn thing right now. Holy shit. Keep going. That's something else that pick you off. Well, You know what, it's, there's just something that happens when you get old.


Getting older is actually kind of amazing. You know? I thought it would like, you know, I would just like blow my head off when I turned 40 or something. Yeah. You know, but there's something kind of freeing about it, you know, because like you Quit caring. Yeah. The Guys that wanna date you, they're like adults. Like, you know, there's something really fun about it. I don't know. I'm into it. I like the way you see that now. I can't wait to get older. Why Not? I mean, I think it'll be fun. It's kind Of fun. It's just sort of like, yeah, there's veins on my leg, but like, What About it? Whatever. Dude, my leg ankles are blue now. I'm an avatar. Sick. I cannot go. Like, you should have to, can You jump higher? I don't think I can chomp at all. Oh Yeah. My fake boobs have gotten too hard if I jump. Your boobs are fake. What the fuck? Yeah. So it actually happened because, and can I tell you something about you?


I think part of the reason people love you so much because you know, you're like, like, like ghetto Dolly Parton or something. Yeah. I say so But, that is a good comparison right there. I love that trailer. Swift. Yeah. Trailer trash dolly or whatever it is. Is that you, there's this epidemic where especially white women, super privileged white women, we'll talk about how hard their lives are and how like, and when I was at this Hollywood party, the producer hugged me too long and like, we all have to march because like a white woman was uncomfortable. You know, my trauma. And you're like, what was your trauma? And they're like, I had to move to Canada to do this movie. And you're just like, like, where's the like trauma used to be a word that was reserved for like er nurses and like, it was a thing where like blood was involved.


Yeah. And everyone's talking about their trauma and how they get triggered and they like struggle with anxiety and y meanwhile they're like from Connecticut and whatever. And you just blew by the fact they're like, yeah, This is my family situation. What? Move On. Yeah. What about it? It's Like, I'm not making this my thing. It's like dark humor too. That's like how most people deal with it. But It's also, I don't want you to pity me and I'm not gonna try to be a victim in order to get attention and like, I'm fine. I'll be okay. Yeah. I've accepted it. Why can't you fucking accept it? Yeah. Laugh at it. Move on. I'm not gonna Bore the fuck out of you guys talking about how hard my life is. Everyone's life is hard. My mama left me and she picked crack over me. Please sit here and cry with me. Have You tried crack though? If I, from what I understand, it's, it's better than a kid.


Yeah. I've never seen an unhappy crack head though. Neither Have I. I Don't think I have either. They're like Superman too. That's it. There was little boozy did a video about crack. That's my ma'am. He, he, he talked about how Fentanyl is like no good. He's like my crack heads. Like they play basketball, they're athletic, they can run a, they can fix a car like my crackheads are doing. Well, That's so boozy, Evan. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't wanna fight a crack head. I don't wanna fight a crackhead. That's Like fighting one of those souped up kangaroos. Like in Australia they'll beat your ass. Yeah. Fuck that. Yeah, they, I don't know. Those kangaroos, they look the Jake Paul of Australia. Those kangaroos just, That's a really good comparison right There. That's what he reminds me of. Like a souped up fucking kangaroo. Yeah, totally. And you don't wanna fuck with him. He has an animal, but like, so that's something that is such a breath of fresh air about you.


It is. You know, I agree. So I'm gonna be real with y'all. I was never the biggest football fan. I honestly don't even get the rules that much. But what I do know is I like having fun and winning money. And Betr, Picks let you win up to a thousand times your money. The app is super easy and it makes it a thousand times more fun. Just pick your favorite players or the men that you think are cute in my case, and predict what they're gonna do in the game. Get 'em right and you can win up to a thousand times your money. So download. Better play Betr Picks. Use the code talk Tuah. And let's hit some lineups. All NFL. season long. It's crazy how I said two words and now I'm here. Isn't it? It's pretty wild. It is. It is pretty wild. I wish I'd like jumped on it sooner though. Jumped On what? Like all this like, I was scared to come outta my house the first two weeks.


Me and her both. We locked ourselves in a fucking bedroom. Oh. Yeah. That's a normal healthy reaction. Yeah, I would be, I was like, oh my God. I would be worried about your psychological state if you were like, yes. Like here. I, I knew that would work. Like, that would be spooky. I, yeah, that would be a little spooky. I Think. Just imagine if Chelsea said hawk to it and not you that night. I would, would Chelsea be sitting in that Chair? I would not have dealt with it as good as you did. I don't Say Can we hear you say it? She don't give a fuck. It's her Problem. Let's, let's hear you say She does not give a single fuck. One more time. I can't do it as good as do it. You do it. No, you do it. Hop to go. You gotta put Like an emphasis on it. Like no. Like really? Yeah. Say all right all together. Hot, hot, hot.


Say it aggressive. Like, like really hot to Like you're mad at the Dang. You're mad at me. Hot. These girls have never seen a dick. Whitney, calm down. I know. That's the other, You're mad dancing at Whitney Schneider. You Know what I think, you know what? I think easy bro. Talk. You know what I think we need to do? I think, I think we need to like do, I don't know, like a bar crawl where we get you drunk and try to get you a slogan. Hey, I got something you could say. We gotta get you a slogan. He does. I feel like we could do it if we just like go to Nashville a couple nights, just get wasted. Oh, we definitely could. We could just like sneak up on you and like send like some crisis actor to interview you and try to get something out.


What would your what? Did Tim and DEA do it again? No. I'm sure they wouldn't have a problem. They wouldn't. I wonder what they're doing. Why aren't you allowed to talk? You're not allowed to talk about it. Maybe we are. Fuck. Let's, why not? I mean, yeah, it's like, you know. Well they might argue that you're making money off of it and it benefits. Oh, but what about that video they first posted when all this shit started? I didn't get any money off of that. Yeah. So they can suck my left lip. Yeah, you should definitely just get the money if nothing else. Yeah. Yeah. They, they like launched a merch store the next day. Haliey asked them to take the video down. She was like very depressed about it. And they just kinda like blocked her and ran And you have it all. They blocked all my friends too. And we all have it like screenshotted too. Like I messaged 'em. I was like, all right, you posted the one you got using and everything else just stop. You're like, horrifying me.


Just quit. And they didn't stop either. So they just kept going. I was like, all right at this fucking point. what else you gonna post? Picture of my ass. Crack. Go ahead, go ahead. I Don't give fuck. I feel so bad about it too. 'cause I was like, holy shit. I made her answer that question and now she's like beating herself up. But hey, now I'm glad. Greatest success of all time. Look at us now, Chelsea. I cannot. But it also, it was, it was about the, what you said, but it was also like your energy. It was like your essence. Like Vodka. That's exactly how that works. Vodka. I Drank plenty of vodka on camera and I didn't become an overnight sensation. Well see I say a bunch of shit like that. Like around my friends.


I'm just, yeah. How can I put it? I talk outta my ass a whole lot. Good, good. But I'm open with them. I don't have any kind of issue set in front of them. But when I drink vodka, I'll say it to anybody. I Think we weirdly need more talking out of our ass. Like I know that sounds insane because everyone online seems like they're doing that. But I actually think it's the opposite. I think everyone is doing a bad impression of the themselves or they're repeating what they heard somebody else say. Yeah. Or they're so obsessed about their brand or trying to do what you did. They're trying to get a catchphrase going. They're trying to get some brand going and it feels so inauthentic, so artificial and it's so repellent. And then you just talked outta your ass and it was something, you know, I had no intention of that. Yeah, that's, but that's WHY. IT worked. Everyone else was running around with the intention being like, how do I get famous off this?


How do I get viral off this? And you were just, you Know, they're in Nashville still like trying to recreate it. No one, like there's interviews everywhere. Really? Yeah. The Idea that in Nashville right now, girls get dressed up and get drunk. To try to like Oh Yeah like get filmed outside of a bar to get your career is so funny to me. Get me A bottle of vodka. Yeah. Like Like. hey I'm gonna do that. Choke. Choke. Anything. Anything. Yeah, there you go. They check out to like see if it works. I think we need to get Chelsea drunk and give her a microphone and see what she does. What do you think? I don't know. But let me ask you. You're, I don't mean to say like your generation, like were you already kind of on social media? Like Not really.


Okay. Like here and there. Yeah. How do you feel doing this? Does it make you feel uncomfortable? No, I don't really care. Okay, good. I feel good about it. Good, Good, good, good. It's just like I'd be reading my dms and I'm like, oh my God, I'm posting these This is my audience right here. I know it's freaky. Yeah. Big question. Do you feel like guys try to hit on you? Like, I don't mean about this, I just mean like you're now in a situation being famous. You now have to question everybody that wants to be friends with you or date you. Yeah. Have you already felt like there's a difference? Yeah, I see it. Yeah. I tell them that all the time. No guy is just being nice. It's not a, it's not a thing I caught on Though. Smoke to Fuck you. That's about it. Yeah. Well It's worse now. Yeah. I would rather a guy do use me for my body than for my Instagram.


And then so what has been the most fun like moment where you're like, okay, This is worth it. Okay, so besides you, like, the one woman that I've like been interviewed by was Caitlyn Bristow. I clicked with her. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Really good. I love her. I love, that's a good one. Girl good. And her wine. I will never shut up about her fucking wine. Her wine, her wine was a shit. Okay. So let me ask you, I feel like, I feel like as you get older you start to realize this. You seem to know this. Does your personality change based on the liquor you're drinking? Like I'm a different person. Vodka, wine, tequila, uhoh. What's wine do? Wine kind of makes you wanna hump the couch a little bit. You speak of yourself And then dark liquor.


I could probably fight a grizzly. No Wonder you're running a dog rescue. You behave like wine. Yeah. Okay. Dark liquor does what? I could probably fight a grizzly bear if I drink dark liquor. Okay. Like fireball, I, I can't drink it anymore. I either drunk cry or I get like violent. Like it's at a command. God. Imagine what that video would've done. Like that's where Harley come from. That's my alter ego. Harley Harley. Harley Harley. Like you got HALIEY and then you got Harley. It's just a straight up Nicki Minaj over here. She's got all her personalities. So Harley, we see Harley when Harley drinks Liquor Brown. Not even, yeah, I'd say brown liquor. Okay. You can testify that Champagne.


You say she's mean Champagne on champagne. Oh. Oh, I thought you said it. She means Oh. no, You guys heard the same thing. I said champagne. Yeah. I'm ferocious as fuck when I drink dark liquor. It's Bad. What about when you drink champagne? Champagne's not too bad. Okay. Like wine. It's not too terrible either. Unless I'm like drinking bottles of it at a time. Something Happened when I turned like 25 where I could only drink tequila. Like that's all. I could only drink tequila or else I was just texting exes. I'm like posting things on, you know, Twitter, trying to get their attention. I'm like, you know, I looked, wait, what? I looked up the Scientology ships. Huh? Back up. Posted stuff on Twitter to get their attention. Well you know when sometimes you're on social media and you're like a little drunk and you're like, I just, I'm not gonna text my ex, but I'm gonna like post a bunch of photos that I think he'd see, which will get him to text me.


Like just, he's Gonna be thinking about no stupid. No, I know exactly what the Fuck you mean. Oh, embarrassing. I've done some shit like that. Yeah. We're just childish. Like I started having this magical thinking where I'm like someone that I don't even wanna date. Someone that I don't even wanna get back together with. He just wants Their attention. I just want him to miss Me. Yeah. You're not ever gonna forget about me and be Sorry. Yeah. I get vengeful. I want him to know how well I'm doing. I wanna like whatever. So I start posting stuff. I'm like, what am I doing? I wake up the next morning, I'm like, oh god. I Was, we are more like than you know By the way, that is a compliment. Yeah, it is To me. Not to you. Okay. So yeah. So for me, I was okay. Tequila is kind of the only thing I do at this point. Really. I'll do wine every now and then.


I would try Caitlyn's wine. I like vodka. Vodka. I'm actually pretty good on vodka. Half of 'em. I drink vodka. Yeah, vodka. I'm like, we need to play charades now. Yeah. Like right now. Like I get very like we're competing at something. Yeah. So tell me about this animal sanctuary. This is my savior psyche. So It launched yesterday. It's Paws, Across, America. Nice answer. All the little dogs. I'm taking a nap. I still can't find. Okay, there's, So what is your strategy on how, what dogs you take, which animals you take, which you don't. So we're looking for like the ones that are the worst. Okay. In my opinion. So that's gonna be like a big thing we're doing. Looking for the ones that need it most. Okay. And then we'll get to the little ones. Okay. They got it good. But they could still use it. Just the ones that need it terribly bad.


Nice. And we're doing one of those Sunday, right? That's just Saturday and Sunday. Yeah. Okay. So do you want, I'm gonna give you my unsolicited. It's not even advice. I'll just share my experience. This is my thing. Rescuing animals is what I care about. It's kinda the most in life. I do high risk dogs. Staffies. I don't like to say the word pit bull because people like to take that, you know, make it a bad word. Pit bulls get a bad rap. Oh wow. I, I have such a big bleeding heart. Well, pit bulls if they're raised by idiots. Yeah. Which many idiots agrees want to have a pit bull. If they make a mistake, they will do the maximum amount of damage. Right. Exactly. Chihuahuas congressman, they attack the most frequently of any dog, but they don't do much damage.


So nobody cares. Right. So a pit bull does damage. It's over. Right. So anytime there's a dumb dog, there's a dumb person that's been dealing with it. So I have such a big bleeding heart. This is my thing. I did get my ear bitten off. It's been sewn back on. Whoa. By a dog. Whoa. And the dog sewed it back on the Dog. The dog sewed it back. Silence. So I did, I did get my ear bit. Not So all I would say is protect your head. Yeah. Protect this billion dollar face. So for me, I guess in the beginning, I was so excited to actually have resources to be able to save animals that I like.


Brought 'em all into my house. I was, and I made the mistake with the dog that bit my ear off. It was my fault. Anytime a dog attacks, I usually believe it's your fault. Or the person who trained its fault or someone's fault. Right. Especially a Staffie. Because they always give warning. Right. They always give you two chances to back off and change the circumstances. Right. If they attack, it means they're fighting for their life and they feel cornered or they think they're protecting their owner. Which is why dog fighting happens. The way that they train them is, yeah, that's fucked up. It's really fucked up what they do. So basically they breed the dogs to get, it's basically survival of you know, the the fitness kindness. Yeah. But also the kindness because they're fighting for their owner. Right. So they're not fighting to kill the other dog. They think they're protecting their owners. So the ones that are the nicest are the ones that end up fighting and those.


Right. So they're actually just like the sweetest dogs. They just, it's disgusting what they do. But I had the dog sleep in my, in the bed and he was sleeping on my chest, which is a dominant move. He hadn't been impulse, you know, control trained yet. And I was on the ground and I pushed him away and he just, he just went to like, you know, their mouth is their hands. So in the beginning, if they've been taken from their mom too young, which is very common with abuse scenarios, they basically will just like grab your hand to try to like pull you. And he just grabbed my ear and it just lobb right off. You know? So I just wish that when I was in that situation where I was rescuing, rescuing elephants and giraffes and bears and you know, anything I could, exotic animal trafficking is a whole thing. We will get to jokes in a second guys. Just calm down.


But I just found myself in a situation where I was just like, I'm Dr. Doolittle, I'm gonna save them all. Yeah. And then, you know, a lot of crazy stuff happened. Dr. Doolittle's a good way to put that. Yeah. So there's times where you just gotta go like, yes we're rescuing this high risk dog, but like he is not gonna sleep in the bed with me. Yeah. Until I know more information about this dog. You know? So it's just like playing it safe and having somebody really smart running it that goes like, okay, I'm gonna respect the background of this dog that's gone through this horrific stuff and put it in a situation where it can like acclimate slowly, you know? Yeah. So like volunteers who like know how to, you know, let dogs comfortable around humans before they like freak out and make a mistake. You know? 'cause sometimes dogs that are that abuse, they make mistakes. Please tell me you named that dog Spike Tyson.


Did you? Because that's a huge miss. You didn't Named him Bingo. Bingo. Vango. That works too. Van there grows my ear. So yeah. So that was like the thing, I think like you have such a big bleeding heart and as you can see when it comes to like, I'm sure all the people coming outta the woodwork asking you for this and that. Like I was the person that as soon as I got any resources, I was so poor for so long. I was like, here's this, here's this ruined every one of my family relationships. Like buying them cars and houses and health insurance. And then, you know, as Chris Rock pulled me aside in the hallway, when I first started having anything I had, I did not understand what he was saying. Like it did not compute to me. He was like, when you lend someone money, it's only a matter of time before they start to hate you. Fair enough. And I was like, no, what do you mean?


Like, This is gonna make my mom love me and This is gonna make this sibling nice to me. Finally. It's like, doesn't work that way. And then I was like, okay, animals are safe. There's, you can't love an animal too much. You know, This is like Exactly. And they can't help theirselves either. That's right. So that's why I like doing doing it Can't. Why do people start hating you when you give them money? What's that? Why do people start getting mad at you when you give them, oh what is that? Well, it's resentful. It's a couple things. Number one, I think it's like, it's, my thing is it always should be a gift. It's not a loan. It never can be loan. Right. Because then all of a sudden you become the per the damn clean sword hanging over their head. You know where every time you know, you see them, you're a reminder to them of the thing they haven't given you. Or the embarrassing thing they had asked for. Yeah, Where's my money at Bitch. Totally Everything. And then you see them and they're like in a new pair of shoes and you're like, you know, you can't really sit.


And they're like, no, I just got, someone gave me these and they were on sale. I went to Aldo and they were like 20, I pay 40. Like I have your money, but like I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get you back. Don't worry. And you're like, I don't, you know, I got my tour. I was like, it's just a gift. Or I'm gonna pay the bill directly. You know? Yeah. Because I can't just give you cash, whatever. And then I think it's a matter of time before they start to hate you because then they start to owe you. And then the power dynamic, they gave you a power that you didn't want. You know what I mean? I just wanted to like help you out with your rent or help you out with their this. And then it's like, well now what about next month now what about next month, next month? And then you become this like, you know, authority figure to them kind of thing. And I think they, yeah. And then we are generous so it makes it even worse. And then they have to go like, well if you gave me more money, I wouldn't be in this situation. You know, I just need, and you're just like, okay And you don't owe anybody shit That I didn't, I just figured that out like 20 minutes ago.


I have to go, why am I doing this? Kidding, kidding. No, it's true. It's, it's, it was really hard for me to compute that. But I think people that are really generous like that big hearts like you animals is such a great place to start. I agree. They can't talk back to you either. Exactly. Well they do. They do. They communicate. They do. But you don't understand 'em half the time. Yeah. Yeah. Like they're calling me a bitch. I don't know it, I Don't understand humans half the time you're like a dog calling me, you're calling me a bitch. I mean you're, that's literally Yeah. Your definition. Who dog, there you go. Call the kettle. Yeah. I'd rather sit on the floor and Talk Tuah a dog than a person all day long. Yeah. Okay. So you had fun with Matt Rife, you had fun with Logan Paul. What have, have you learned anything from Jake Paul? What's that? Jake Logan. Oh god, what?


Same diff, Same thing, Same diff That do look alike. Like really bad. Yeah, they do. Right? I like them. Why do I like them? There's something I like the shamelessness of them blunt. I al they're blunt. And you know what else I like, I appreciate And This is the same with, with Tana is like people that grew up in public. You might kind of be one of 'em. You know, I was, I did too, but not like this. Not like, you know, it was more like tv, like talk shows and stuff. Like, I like when someone makes mistakes and is like, yeah, I was a kid, I was an idiot. I messed up. And like I'm gonna keep going. Like you don't have to like totally call it on your career by the way. Just so you know. I do not ha, I lasered. I have no hair on my body. I am Oh, so you were talking all this shit from the outside is what I'm hearing.


I'm freezing rules for thee and not for me. A fucking Whitney comic. Well it's starting to grow back. It's like sort of little Smithers hairs right now. They're kind of little ones that are kind of growing back because my guy, I'm finally dating a guy who's not gay and he said one day he just floated by me. He's Cool as fuck, by the way. He's So cool. I like him. He is cool. Yeah, he's so cool. Like that guy. He's so cool. I, it's, it's I, it took me so long to realize that what I needed in someone is someone that I'm in awe of and someone that I, because respect to me is the hottest thing. I agree. Respecting the person. I agree. I agree. And we respect nobody and nothing. That's fair though. But someone That makes me THE BEST version of myself. Because I think that I was always like, for whatever reason, like whether I learned this, 'cause I came, grew up in a, you know, you know Ignatius watching divorces and stuff.


I thought that in relationships you were supposed to fight with your person to like show them how smart you were to show them how strong you were. Like show 'em, you know, you, You're calling me out right now. Well 'cause we come from like when we've been picked on a lot or you come from a, you know, like a, a tricky dysfunctional home. You're like I gotta prove how strong I'm so no one gets anything past me. You know, I gotta Make sure you don't take advantage of me. Like you on some level want them to maybe be scared of you so they don't hurt you. Like I think I was just trying to feel safe or something. Or like make them respect me. Which we all know you can't do that. You earn respect, you can't make someone respect you. Yeah. And then I got with this guy and I was just like, I never wanna argue with you. You win everything. Like I just have so much respect for him and I never feel the need to pull that shit.


Did you make him swallow an air tag? This is, I think Pooky needs to swallow an air tag. This is, This Is really, really funny. You said you should do air tags and say Pooky. This is really funny. You said this because I did date a guy who swallowed an earbud. Same thing. Kind of the same thing. Did you get to like hear everything that was going on? I'd have been listening. Is he talking to a bitch? Is that what I'm hearing? I dunno. I Was sucking his dick and I just hear voices through His stomach. It's like a 50 cent song. You're like what the fuck is going on Minnie Man, can you Turn off Rogan? He's my friend. And so I literally was like, how do you know that story? It's the one thing I haven't shared publicly. And then I just did. But yeah, I'm, I like, but it's also the first time I've been in a relationship where I'm not thinking about where he is.


I don't like, I just, you trust Him. I 100%. And not only that, like when we're not together I just like, I'm like I'm what he's doing. Like I'm like, it's weird. I'm like a fan and That's how it should be. I think so too. He Gets you in like your little soft girl era. You don't have to be like a hard ass gangster, you know? No, that's what it is. I'm in my gangster era. Yeah by the way, do it. But I, you know, it's weird. I was dating this guy once, athlete, professional athlete. And I remember 'cause I guess 'cause of what I do and you know, I thought if a guy wanted to date me he wanted like a challenge. You know? 'cause guys say that a lot like, and I think they believe it. No guy who's ever said that. I know. No, no, no, No. I just wanna let you know right now. No guy said That ied. And I think This is probably a guy being full of shit trying to flirt or saying what I think they think I would want to hear.


Oh I love a good challenge. Okay, bring it up guys. Say It. Here's the thing. But I know but guys don't hear what their guy friends say to girls like, you guys don don't. That's true. Do you know what I'm saying? That's true. I always have to tell my guy friends like, you know that your homies cry to us. Right. And that they, you know, it's a whole ass thing. So we see a different side of your homies than you do. And they'll be like, I want a girl who calls me out on my shit. They always say that I want a girl that's like, well and when you Do, they're like, why would you say That? I know. And then three months in you're Like. hey why do you have two phones? And they're like, why are you attacking Me? Oh, Yeah, you're over here talking about this bitch. You're with me. That's my friend. Yeah, okay. I don't give a damn. Oh really? And I said to him, I was like, we were arguing about something and again because I thought I had to like prove I was smart or strong or something like that.


And then I was like, well I thought you, you know, wanted a challenge. Yeah. Like I thought men wanted, you know, you date me if you want a challenge. And he was like, Don't say it unless you want it. He was, because I will give you a challenge. What Men would ever want a challenge? What man would ever wanna challenge? And that like blew my mind. But Thought they said It though. I thought it was my job to be a challenge. I thought that you guys wanted Yeah, you want a hard time. I'll give you a hard time. Well also too we think it's like are you, did you bust every guy's balls this hard or is it just me? And then we start thinking and it's like, so who are all these guys that just kind of got to like hook up with you and go on with their life and not deal with any of this bullshit I'm dealing with right now? Oh. So it's just kind of puts it in perspective and you're like, damn fuck I can just maybe get, I should maybe get outta here. Like fuck this. I'm a little ashamed. There's the door Bitch. I do think though it takes a while to figure out who you are.


So it's hard to know what you even want. But I spent so much time going like I'm gonna go to therapy to learn how to be this person and I'm gonna, you know, go to, I go to the 12 step meetings for something called Al-Anon growing up in alcoholic a comb. And we drug addict a comb. I'm gonna like learn how to be this and I'm gonna be more patient and I'm gonna be more this and I'm gonna wear this pushup bra and I'll wear these shoes and I'll act this way. And I'll laugh when he makes a joke because I tend to not laugh a lot at things 'cause I'm a comic and whatever. I'm gonna fake LA. And then all of a sudden I was like, I don't need to change anything about myself. I just have to be authentic and then I'll actually attract the right person. Because when you're pretending or you're trying to be something you think they want, you're gonna, they're gonna be attracted to a fake version of you. And then in six months or a year, you're gonna be so exhausted pretending that you're gonna like fall apart one day and just like, they're gonna be like, who's this person? You're like This is me.


You know This is the real way. This Is around me and they're like, yeah that's me and you're not even in love with me. You're in love with I'm pretending to be. And they're like, why did you just pretend to be someone for six Months? Weirdo. See This is how you play it. You gotta give like a maybe a three month free trial and be like, oh sweet little girl. You know Nothing whatsoever. Then once you like get 'em in with a hook and you got 'em for good, then you can show 'em the real you. Yeah. I'm Now we'll go swimming and you'll see my face for real. And your bush. Who's Oh And my And your bush. I don't have a lot. He's not worthy of your bush. I dunno. Maybe I'll get a Merkin. What's that? It's a wig. That's pubic hair. That's a thing that, But are you dating anyone yet? Are you on the apps Pook?


Hell no. Ain't on the apps. Okay. Stay away from him. Mean Min scare me. No Pookie's still in the picture. Okay. He just hadn't took me on a date. That's fucked up when you told me that I got upset. Yeah, I know. Tell me about it. What do You mean? What do You mean? Like he's not took me on a date yet. How long have you been hanging? It's been like on and off for like three years. And you've never been on an actual date? We just like started getting serious like a few months ago and I still haven't been on a date. I'm Gonna say something wild. Do it. I'm on his side. Hear me out. How old is he? 24. Here's what I'll say. I'm on his side by. But he's doing something right by accident. Not on purpose.


I think that you going out right now, it could make the dynamic awkward. Oh Yeah. My dude is a public figure. When we, we didn't go out in public together for, I mean we were together. I mean truly a year. We just started going out in public together in the last like couple. And I'm so glad we didn't, didn't do it too. I didn't know he was very famous. The guy that I'm with, he's very famous to people and I would've been spooked early on so I just wouldn't want him to see how famous you actually are. That's spooky. What? Yeah. Yeah. You know What I mean? They're probably broke in or Not. Or like to wanna have this romantic night and then you go out and then you get demoralized or like depressed because you can't just like have this moment with him. I mean I'm sure you could, there's a way to do it. You guys could get a boat or something. I'm not Blazer or anything either.


Never. Like all you gotta do is feed me. Yeah. Okay. That's it. I know You take me a Taco Bell. Good to go. Okay. Cute. Have you told him that? He did take me a Taco Bell. Okay. Well I ate more than he did. Okay. I was a lord ass. What does he do? Is he in Nashville? So he works in Nashville. He does like construction and stuff. Love It. Love it. He's like let him stay in. I love it. I love a hardworking man. Got cowes on. How about you cook A meal? So when he comes home from his construction job, there's food waiting. I mean I could do that. I don't know. I'm weird like that. Like you gotta earn that for me. Okay. I don't think he's earned that just yet. I just Don't. There's this new thing where like, I don't know, women that are like, think that they're empowered or like I'm a feminist.


I don't cook, I don't clean. I'm like No, I like doing that. I love doing that. I bitch what do you do? Yeah, exactly. Besides bitch, Are you just like a hungry filthy bitch? What do you, You filthy bitch. What do you bring to the table? Yeah, you know. No I love to clean. Clean and really fun. But. That might be cute to like, I mean you could just like order in for him or go pick up your We did yesterday. You know, I would stay the night with him in a while. She won't even let him stay at her house. Nice. Good shit Harry. I'm not gonna sit there and ask granny, Hey granny, can my man stay the night? That's a conversation. I'm not trying to have, have granny not care, granny granny me. I just, I don't know. It weirds me out. Fair enough. So he can't sleep over your, he could sleep in another room. Don't. I don't, I don't think she'd care but I just, I don't wanna have the conversation's.


All it is, I don't mind that. I like that. I'm just like that's granny gr. He thinks I'm like a pimp, you know? You know what I Appreciate a moral compass. Yeah, I appreciate that. I appreciate the capacity for shame and embarrassment. Is the real reason you haven't slept over at his house is 'cause you're scared to clog his toilet in the morning? Is that what This is really all about? Oh My God. Okay. Okay. Just 'cause we've figured out that I'm, what do you even call it? Lactose intolerant. Lactose full Of shit. I am full of shit both ways. Yeah. I probably would clog the stores But you gotta just make a Starbucks run or you know what I mean? Yeah. Get outta there. I always have a shit plan when there's a sleepover that's Like, but the me tell us your shit plan Jamie. Oh you wanna hear my shit plan? It's actually fucking great.


This is so cool. I live right up the block from here. So if there's ever a situation where I have to shit really bad and I'm with a girl, I always go, oh my God, there's an emergency at the office. Like someone's stuck in the garage. I'll be right back. Just stay here. I'll be right back. I love that people still do phones like this. Yeah, Right. Like it still works like that. And then I'll just come here when no one's here and just come upstairs and shit and then go back home and be like, yeah, I had to let you know my friend out of the garage, everything's fine. Let's go back to sleep. That's what I do. I come here every time Well see my issue. I'm sure his bathroom, well his old apartment, I'm sure he's fixing to move into his new one. I don't know where his bathroom is just yet, but his other bathroom, it was like right in the bedroom and you can hear me a mile away when I'm in there holding to the freaking toilet seat in the Damn wall. Turn the shower on, dude. That's my move. The shit shower. It's just, it's like a good transition.


They won't know anything's up. Yeah. Yeah. That's smart. So it's like you close the door, turn the shower on, do your shit, have perfume in there with you. But if they have a fan that's better. Do you Remember that game I mentioned beforehand where you can win up to a thousand times your money? Well turns out it gets even better. Betr Picks is offering a deposit match up to $200 and a free pick for all new users. So basically if you put like $200 in, they match it. That's 400 right there. If you haven't downloaded better and started playing yet, do it right now and get your deposit match. Throw that thing in the lineup and let's get a ton of money. This NFL season, have you ever had to shit at a man's house? Yeah, I just, shit, I don't even try to hide it. Okay. Real shit. We got it, we got it. We got the sound bite.


That's gonna make her as famous as hey, holy shit too. WHY. IT have A sign called Shitting with Chelsea. I'm in, She's Talk. Tuah a spit on that thing. I'm It's A shit on that thing Shit on shit on Get her a hat that says shit on that shit On that Thing. Okay. Maybe not shit On that thing. That Respect. Yeah, it's Just Deb. Yeah That is Jamie. What do you do? Oh, I managed spit girl and shit. Girl, what do you do? Two girls, one cup was very good. My parents be so proud. You guys missed the opportunity to represent those hot tub girls. I Was seen this girl post a TikTok and I was like, yeah sure Hot to girl is like onto something. But she says she spits on it. Well I fart on it and I was like, what? What do you need? That was a hilarious video by the way. Whoa.


Yeah, I'm friends with a lot of male comedians. Farting porn is a big thing where girls just fart and Like a que for like actual fart. It's like a fart out of their butt. Queing I'm sure is the thing too. I haven't, I haven't dabbled in that yet. Also, by the way, sorry to make such a hairpin turn here. I was given tea tree oil to give you for your warts. Who the fuck gave her that? Who the fuck gave her? Yeah. I Hate that. This is in my pocket. Is this for genital warts or It's actually Blue waffle. I'm kidding. Busted is this now I got a little one on my foot. I dunno what the fuck it's from. Probably the airport before I figured out to wear socks in that motherfucker. Why do you look at me like I'm in charge of the airports? I don't know what that is. Nobody Told Me I had to take my shoes off At the the first with the TSA Oh.


Yeah. Haley's first flight ever. Whitney, by the way, her first flight she ever went on was like three weeks ago now, maybe a month ago. and She about a month. So you had never flown before you went viral? No. And everything in my damn like carry-on, She brought a knife confiscated, But actually it was two knives and they got confiscated. You brought knives to the airport. Yeah. You got a little girl going out here somewhere. She's never been unarmed. You lost your fucking mind. You brought weapons into TSA In 2021. He's like, ma'am, what's this? And I was like, oh, you could keep it. Do you? Okay. I know you don't care that much about history, but do you know about nine 11? Yeah. Did you ever hear about this? I mean this dude, you going to the air that is like Cat Williams level bonkers dude.


Like This is like Dr. Dre doesn't, doesn't bring knives to the airport. I respect this. So they took your knives. Well I'm always like in a panic if I'm like in a big crowd of people, I'm like watching what's going on around me as you should. You can't tell about people nowadays. You gotta learn about people trying to kidnap you and every fucking thing else trying to hurt you. Yeah. You look exactly like the girl I'm taking. Yeah. I mean This is like, that's a good Movie. You Look easy to kidnap. Yeah. Yeah. This is what traffickers look for. Little. It's not hard to beat up, up and toss me in a fucking van and scooch off with my ass. That's right. I go no more hot to for you. I mean I'm done Cooked. No way. Train never coming back. You had a box Cutter too. Yeah, You had a box cutter. Johnny got rid of it. I'll take that.


Actually wait, This isn't anything. This isn't your Hollywood fucking managers that get Botox are giving you fake witch serum for your wart. You gotta go to CVS and get like a Dr. Shoals thing to burn it off. No, That's gonna hurt. It's not gonna hurt. What's that? Now? This little lady that was doing my towels, they, okay, first of all, stop gonna, okay, like we're Not gonna, I went one time. We're not gonna Be Mc Hammer where you make all this money and you get successful and then you're gonna air errand and spending $200 on a fucking burrito. Yeah. It's crazy. It's insane. That's, I would never not think I don't live in poverty anymore, dude. Like you asked me to go, I don't know, shopping and spend $30 on a shirt. I say you're fucking crazy as you should because The more money you make the more money you spend. And when you get that first tax bill, you're gonna realize you don't have as much money as you think.


I don't got a whole laid out of it. Like the other day at our bank meeting, I'm a shit, taxes are fixing to eat me Oh. yeah, but you're in Nashville is your primary residence. Yeah. So You're Fine. The amount of money I, it's Not terrible, but it's, it's Sick. They bend us over out here on the west coast. Yeah. So it's, it helped me when my business manager told me any amount of money you have, you have half. Whatever number you see, you have half. Right? Yeah. With agents, managers, you're paying everyone, you know. And then anytime you look at what something costs, just multiply it by three. And that's how much it really costs. So this sweater's $50. Oh my God. It's actually, you have to earn 150 to be able to afford It. That's absurd. So that really helped me. 'cause every time I leave Arand to get groceries, I'm like, that was a laptop. Who the fuck do I beat up on about taxes?


Well, I'm sick of this shit. If there's a next round of January 6th, I feel like you'd fit right in storming the capitol. I feel like you just take that pillow, wear it as a hat and you just go in and let 'em know I'm sick of you and I'm sick of your bullshit. Yeah. Yeah. I like how you think I finally have money and I don't get, keep any of it. No. Back to Erwan though, that that was a crock of shit. Here's the thing, some of the food is good. It's not $20 Exactly. For a smoothie. Good. Well, Erwin's like my favorite nightclub in the city. The, the one good thing about that place is that's just, you'll find THE, BEST looking women maybe on planet Earth. So bitches. But But they're bad with money. Yeah. Bad with money. Bitches. So if you go into wan and you see a hot chick, that is a red flag. 'cause they're in debt from buying Haliey, Bieber's cu smoothie, whatever the fuck that is.


That's why it's so expensive, HALIEY, if you, you didn't know What's in there. Oh, not you. Your smooth. You know what I'm saying? I mean, look, a lot of men that are gold dig, they want to be gold. Dig. That's the, that's the thing that gets tricky. A lot of them. Thanks. My mom. A lot of you're like, why is all your photos, your watches and your cars? Like This is what you're leading with. This is what you want. You know, it's transactional. You're using her for a body. She's using it for your money. It seems like. I don't know if I could ever do that though. You can. I'd have to make him like put a bag over his head or something. 'cause let a old man try to kiss me. I'm gonna sucker punch that bitch right in the mouth. Fucking well fuck that. Well, that's the whole point of making money is that you never have to be in a relationship. You don't wanna be in THE. BEST thing about having money as a woman is you get to date broke. Guys, there's so much better at sex. There's so much nicer. Yeah. You Get to date like a painter.


Yeah. I don't not like you though. I don't want anybody like getting close to me like that either. Yeah. I, dude. But then if it's a good person, it's actually a good thing is what I'm learning now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's of nice. Yeah. I think it's good to be careful. I think it's good to be really careful. I don't think you can move slow enough. I think we, we've, I think every relationship I look back on, I'm like, if I just moved a little slower, I would've realized like, we're just meant to be homies. We should have just been friends and we like started sleeping together. And then you get chemically addicted then. And then you're, I've been in so many situations where I've, I love someone, but I don't like them. I'm like, I'm chemically addicted to you. Like, I love you, but I don't wanna hang out with you. I don't like talking to you. It's real shit. What? My ex-boyfriend that, that's kind of how that went. I love you, but I don't like you. We have to be homeless too, you know? Yeah. Me and him were really good friends before that though.


Yeah. Yeah. What does your new guy think of all this? Pooky? Yeah, I asked him yesterday, I was like, I bet you fuck, you're on top of the world, don't you? And he was like, I don't know, I don't really think about it much. And I was like, well, I mean, I don't act any different than I did before. So Of course, of course it's you're just gonna work. But he's on a little pedestal now. Come on. It's good that he is not from here. 'cause an LA boy would take that. He'd be posting everything. Oh, I'm dating Hawk too. I mean, it would be, He'd get humbled very quick. Well, Here's the problem with la. You're from la I'm from Here. Yeah. You're one Of the few though. Here's the thing, I don't think it's the people from la I think it's the people that come to la. Hundred percent. And they, you know, the people that grow up here don't care about famous people. They're like, we've seen it all. I went to high school with them.


You know what I mean? Literally though. Yeah. You know, so it's the people, the people that move to LA are all the prom queens, the people that go out of their way to seek fame and they're obsessed with it. Right. Exactly. That's What I like about here. The one thing I do like about being here, it's too big, but you can walk down the street and everybody just does not pay you any care. Attentions, no one Cares. Exactly. I Love it. No one cares because everyone thinks they're the celebrity. Please Take the spotlight, by the way, please. Oh my god. Kathy Griffin does the funniest thing. I don't know if you know, she's a, a comedian, like, you know, she talks about celebrities, you know, she did the show called Life on the D List, sort of big comedian. And she got in a lot of trouble because she held up a head of Trump and it was kind of a whole saga during the pandemic. The point is, she has this really funny thing where she says, say congratulations to anyone on the street in la and they will say, Thank you.


And I was like, oh, come on, whatever. And she's like, no, no, try try it. Like as a famous person, like she would just ruin on Hollywood Boulevard and just some random person, she was Like, hey, hey, congratulations. Some random girls, like 25 I was like, Thank you so much. Thank you. Like, she probably went on a commercial audition that day. Like everyone or something. Everyone in their head is like famous and doing so well. Like if somebody famous says to you, congratulations, and you're like, oh thanks, What did I tell you earlier? I was like, I like how it smells up here. and she was like, what do you mean by that? I was like, well, it smells like pot and it also smells like crushed dreams. I kind of like it. You were coming at a la is now just kind of this weird, like black mirror simulation now. It's like China's bought every building and it's all just like weird empty like money laundering schemes. Like, it kind of like, sounds like you're missing like the standard hotel and like House of Blues is closed down.


It's kind of a weird vibe. Did you grow up here or no? No, no, no. I'm dc I'm like Virginia. Yeah. But it's like Jim Belushi died at the show. Like people were just dying all the time. It was sick. You know John Belushi with John, John Belushi, John Belushi. Look, all white men look the same to me. Agreed. And Oh Yeah, Jim Belushi is Yes dear. Right? Or that's his brother. Right? That's Not the Blues Brothers. The younger brother John Belushi's a legend. Right, right. We get it. We got it. Let's you No. Yeah, John, John Belushi's, the one that died. Okay. At the Chateau Marmont. And then Joaquin. Wait, which is the Phoenix River. What River River's The one that died. I conflate brothers.


I don't think more than one sibling should be famous. Alec and Steven and Billy. I can't, I couldn't pick 'em out in the lineup to save my life. So how did, how did you get roped into this? Just like, how did you start out Bad to get childhood? Yeah, like every entertainer. My parents were alcoholics and ignored me. I mean, I'm not even, I'm not even really joking because when people ask me, they're like, what did you do to get this? And I'm like, I did start with a very big, like God-sized hole that was like trying to get approval from alcoholics. You know, I was trying to make alcoholics laugh. I was trying to make people on drugs, like calm down and stop yelling. And I was trying to keep the mood light because everyone was fighting. And you know, that's kind of what standup is.


You go in front of a bunch of drunk people and you try to make them laugh and cheer them up, you know? So I, I, you know, when people say like, I wanna get to standup, I'm like, okay. Like, you know, let's first make sure your childhood was terrible, you know? Fair enough. We've a joke. A friend of mine is a comedian Annie Letterman, and she talks about like, you know, going through like childhood trauma and stuff. And we joke that like, if you've been like molested as a girl, it's like doping in sports. It's like you, you have an advantage. Like the more trauma you have, the funnier you end up being. But I, you know, you know, studied theater and college and all that kind of stuff. I, you know, I've studied journalism as well, which I, journalism used to be this thing where individuals would tell the truth about what was happening in the world.


It ended like 10 years ago, but you know, now the news is actually fiction and all media is documentaries that are the truth. So completely flipped. But studying journalism I think was kind of my way subconsciously like, like being a comedian, you're kind of like a silly journalist in a way. Yeah. You're like talking about current events. You're trying to like investigate things and figure things out. And, you know, it's also a little, little bit like being a lawyer. Like I always say in comedy, you say something that's not true and then you prove it. You know, like I was like, do I wanna be a lawyer? Do I wanna be a journalist? And you know, I remember I got an internship at a news station. Again, the news used to be this thing where people would tell the truth about events. So I got a internship at a news station and they let me read the teleprompter to like make a video, to like send around to try to get like a job or something.


And they let me read the local news, which local news is always insane, right? It's always like, is lead poisoning your children? Find out after the break. Was It something with lettuce a few weeks ago? I was saying The like a, like The dirty ass lettuce. Yeah. Everybody's getting sick from it. And I was like, what the fuck? Lettuce totally at all things. But they're just trying to keep you watching. So there's like as sensational and insane as possible. And all the men are in drag. The women are in black face. That's what big sugar wants you to think that lettuce is bad for you. Big sugar. Yeah, big. It's, it's a hollow POIs by big sugar. Big lettuce are gonna Big, big lettuce is fucking taking a massive hit. Yeah. And so I was reading it and it was some like horrible story about a kid that got kidnapped and you know, something just awful. And they show a picture of the kid and it was, I mean, look, when you grow up the way, you know, you grow up the way I grew up.


Like Yeah. Horrible things. We just have to laugh, you know? It's, that's THE BEST way to deal with it though. It's how We cope. Does it mean I'm happy that a kid disappeared or I, they, but it was like, oh, this kid, you know, ran away from home and, and they showed the picture and he was a bigger kid and I was like, you know, whoever kidnapped him, Must be very strong. Like, I was just like making jokes, you know what I mean? I'm like, oh, who would've kidnap him? Like whatever. He's, I get why I couldn't run away. Like, I just kept making jokes and they were so horrified and I, I have a sense of humor. I'd be sitting there smacking my knee, laughing like a, lemme just go on and tell you. And I was just like, I guess like, like objective journalism is just not for me. And you know, I have like emotional dyslexia. When you grow up with horrible things, you use humor to cope.


So it's like you're the people that laugh at funerals and that, you know, feel uncomfortable when things are fun. You know? I'm Like, I hope we never have to go to a funeral together 'cause I cannot sit beside you. Oh my God. We'll just be like, at least we'll be crying. Not, Not like, yeah, laughing. We're gonna be like, you'd be surprised how many people like my dad's funeral, we were dying laughing. Like, it's just like, I think that's How a funeral should be. I feel like if I die, that's how I'd want my funeral to be. I think so too. Now skip around my casket and do something. I don't give A fuck. Oh dude, I wanna do so many pranks at my funeral. I wanna have a closed casket and then have like someone jump out. I like wanna have them like, like fly my body in. There's so many things. I like my funeral. I like, I cannot wait to die so I can do a wild funeral.


I want like a dance party at mine. Yeah. And then I want like a big green screen. Like all my best moments. I'm gonna be like butt chugging a fucking beer or something. I don't know. I wanna go out with a bang, remember me like this. Don't remember me like dead as fucking my casket. You know, you're Gonna live for a really long time. I feel like. Yeah. You're like, something ever happens to me. I don't wanna live through you. Through me. Yeah. How Do you know if you're in love with somebody? Don't look at me man. Don't look this fucking Way. What mean? I don't know. Love's a strong Word. It is a strong word. I'm not like a livey dovey kind of person. I don't like talking About this. You think that now you're a lot like me. Just wait, I was like that. Just wait. I was like that too. Like love the thought of that. But a dog you've never met.


I love you. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Like that was how I was too. Exactly. But I do think most, you know, I think a lot of people jump to it too fast. You know, I think and you're prob you know, agree you withhold, which is like, I'm like, oh Buster back, get the fuck up. That's okay. Because I also think that like love, it's a word you can't take back. And also once you bring that into it, I always, my guy makes fun of me about it because I'm so unromantic like this. But it's just because I don't, you know, I've said I love you before and I didn't know what I was saying. I've heard I love you before but didn't feel loved. Which is so confusing. And I think a lot of times that phrase is just used to like shut you up. It's just like, but I love you but I love you. And you're Just like, I love You too, but I feel like you're trying to shut me up. You know, when like you're arguing with someone, they're like, I love you. Okay, I love and you're just like, Yeah, shut up.


That's it. Yes. Right. And, but I, but I love you. But then you wouldn't have done that thing. Yeah. That now you're saying, I love you to try to erase that. It happened. Like This is, you know, and so I told my dude I was like, don't tell me you love me. I'll let you know when you love me. Yeah. I'll let you know when I feel loved. I got one more question for you. Oh. What is your BIGGEST TURN on? Dude, I love a trashy tattoo and honestly preferably another woman's name. A Tina a Trina. I bet you like bite on it, don't You? I I want there to be a mole like, like a girl's face, like a hot girl.


There's a mole with like a hair coming out of it. I'm like, could you sha could you pluck the mole coming out of the girl's face? I love a like, like a canceled tattoo. That's like a Redskins like a chief, you know what I mean? Just a word you're not allowed to say anymore. Just Cleveland Indians. Just, I love Yeah, a neo-Nazi prison tattoo. Like that sound you must have loved American history acts. That gets you in the fucking mood, doesn't it? Whitney? Just a Cosby show tattoo Bill Cosby. I love bad tattoos. I love a bad tattoo on a man with his shit together Now. So you mean to tell me if Pooky has a tattoo on his leg Right here it says party. And I should embrace that and be like, Jesus, that's a fucking bad tattoo.


Yes. That is my last brain soul right there. Yes. Specifically. I love that. I think a lot of women are like, I hate bad tattoos. Whatever. Let 'em remember their mistakes. Yeah. You don't have to remind 'em of their mistakes. They're right there. And every time that you go, let me check your phone. And he's like, you're annoying. He can look down at that tattoo and be like, remember how dumb I used to be When he was a slutty frat boy? Yeah. Remember I used to date Trina. Trina There. We. go now you bite Trina's name. Yeah. Every Time. Who tried to fight my mom? Yeah, yeah. I'm doing better. And they're grateful for you Whitney Thank you for coming. I hope there's something usable in here. There. So much Shit in there. Okay, good, good, good. I hope you're happy. I feel like we're just, I am. This is what a podcast is. I always leave a podcast being like, was that anything?


But like it's just, It's a normal conversation. Two people kicking it. You damn right. I love you dude. I love You Too. I'm so, I This is gonna sound up, come up patronizing. I'm not gonna say I'm proud of you for getting famous or whatever. I Don't, don't do that. I have mommy issues. I feel like you're grooming me right now. Okay. Grooming you. I like that you I'm might be the only person in Hollywood that doesn't groom anyone. I don't groom myself look at my hair. So no, I'm proud of the people you've surrounded yourself with. Well Thank you because that makes or breaks you mentally, financially, everything. So you have amazing taste in humans. I Try And by the way, THE BEST thing to do is have dogs around humans. 'cause if you don't have good taste in humans, your dogs will tell you. They Definitely will.


So I'm glad that you have dogs around. They're Having a little good time theirselves, I would say on that note, I hate to take up anymore your time. I Love you. That's what people from the south say when they want you to stop talking. I don't wanna take up anymore of your Time. That was by the way, that was like, like bless your heart adjacent. That is bless your heart adjacent right there. Whitney Thank you for being out here. I love You too. I love you. Love, love Thank. you for being here. Thank. you guys wasn't Whitney. Just such a peach. If you want more, go like comment, subscribe to Talk. Tuah her with Haliey Welch. Follow wherever you get your podcasts. While you're watching this, take a picture and tag me and tell me who you want next.


Tag me and Talk. Tuah her and I'll be sure to repost.