
What's up y'all? Welcome. back to Talk Tuah. Better original. Download better. And play. Betr Picks Thank you for tuning in I. hope you've been enjoying the show Make. sure. you subscribed Wherever you're listening. Now And, leave me a five star review. I wanna hear what you think of today's episode, so be sure to leave me a comment too.


Welcome back to Talk Like. an emphasis on it like Talk Tuah Us is brought to you by Betr. Picks the only pick on fantasy app where you can win a hundred thousand dollars. All football season long. Three easy steps so you can win some cash. Pick your favorite players, pick more or less on their projections and submit your lineup. That's it. Download. Better play Betr Picks and go for a massive payday on the only Pick Em fantasy app where you can win up to a hundred thousand dollars.


Hello And Welcome. Back to Talk Tuah him. If you can't tell, I have a hell of a fucking guest today. Hello Mr. WIZ. What's up? I'm very excited to Talk Tuah you today. I'm happy to be here today. Look, you even got all the goods. Yeah, I got extra weed too. I brought you some. Well, Thank you Thank you so much. Yeah. Best gift I've ever received. I got you. You know we got you a gift too. Oh. Yeah. I heard. I gotta wait for it. Go ahead. I've been waiting to give you this. Alright, cool. I've been waiting to receive it. What we got here, it's a rolling trip. Oh, that's hard. Thank. you. You got Max. It's got little changing Pads. Oh, it's super cute. Thank. you. You're welcome. This will look good in my game room. Yeah, like spins too.


I think it's Pretty cool. Yeah. This is hard. Okay. All right. This is very thoughtful. I'm probably the only one with one of these, right? Yeah, exactly. I got One for Haliey too. So you and Haliey are the only ones. Mines pink though. It don't look anything alike, So that makes it even more special. Exactly. I'm Not put on the table. I like how big it is too. Yeah, me too. It's gonna fit a lot of weed on there. Yeah. I need something to fit all this bud. Yeah. You smoke weed. Yeah You do. I do. I smoke weed. I wouldn't even guess that. Yo. Yeah, you wouldn't never guess it. That's Cool though. Pretty. Do you do it for like a certain reason? Does it keep you sane or anything? When I first started it was probably just like, you know, the homies were smoking and I was smoking.


But the more I learned about it and the more I learned about myself, I was like, wow, I'm really like, you know, I'm attached to this plant more than I thought I was. I agree. So you got like your own weed or Anything? Yeah, I do got my own weed. That's what I gave you. It's called Khalifa. Kush. Khalifa Kush. Khalifa. Kush. That is the golden name right there. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna come out with my own weed. I don't know what I'd call it though. You should call. I mean of course you know what to call it. So you got a green thumb. Yeah, something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Not necessarily Plants. I got my old hand is green at this point I just, I'm just a big green machine. There You go. Yeah. So what was your childhood like? It was pretty chill. My parents were in the military, so I, I grew up, I mean I moved around a lot.


Like in the early years of my life I've lived in Japan. I've lived in Germany, well not Germany, but it was like England kind of area. So I got to experience like a lot of different crowds growing up. But then my family being from Pittsburgh, I got a real sense of home in Pittsburgh. That's why the song Black and Yellow is like the hometown pride of Pittsburgh. That's where all my family's from and that's where I really grew up and went to school and all that, that and just learn the game out there. So yeah, it was pretty chill, you know what I mean? Like I always did music. Like ever since I was a kid, I wasn't like famous for doing music as a kid.


But I always like wrote and created and was in the studio since I was a child. So it was something that I wanted to do like from early, early on. Look At you go. Yeah. Hell yeah. You ever went to Tennessee? Have I ever been to Tennessee? Yes. Yeah. I have a Lot. What do you think about it? I love Tennessee. We got a bunch of country folk. It's super country. But it's cool though, like the music. You guys love music down there. We definitely do. And I really love music. Y'all love food down there. I really love food. And y'all love to party. So what's your favorite food? My favorite food. I don't even really have a favorite food at this point. I think it used to be, well no I'll say it. It's my mom's spaghetti. Ooh. That's what my favorite spaghetti is.


My mom's spaghetti is like, you know, I if I like pass out and you like put that under my nose, I'm wake up. You coming back to life. Yeah, yeah. I agree. Exactly. For sure. I agree. You have like a favorite go-to Munchy food. I really don't get munchies all like that. I Told you did I? Yeah. I was like I bet you don't even get THE MUNCHIES Anymore. Yeah, I don't really get munchies all like that. I don't eat snacks and shit. I eat a lot of fruit and I drink a lot of water 'cause I work out. So like if I get THE MUNCHIES I'll eat like some pineapples or something. Something cool. That's good though. We need to start doing, we need to start doing that. It's good for you. Well eat like a full course meal and then Chelsea's like, do you want a sweet treat? And I'm like, I always have a sweet treat when I'm high.


There's nothing wrong with it. I don't blame you. You like Taco Bell or anything? I fuck with Taco Bell. Cheesy Gordita Crunch or Crunch Wrap Supreme. That's mine. Yeah. Crunch wrap Supreme right there. You always pay for it in the morning though. Yeah, I Agree. Stomach be hurting so bad. Yeah, super bad. It does have a terrible outcome. Yeah. Yep. You ever got like the little Cinnabons? I've tried 'em. I like them. They're too sweet for me. They're very sweet. They're super. She could probably eat sweet. I I probably, That's the sweet treat. I'm talking about one Of 'em. You could eat the whole thing. Hell Yeah, I can eat the whole thing. Hell yeah. Yeah. CC I fuck with it. Like if I get you high, I'm gonna want you to eat something sweet.


Yeah. So like, you're like it tastes like the best thing in the world, you know? I feel like sometimes I don't taste nothing though. For real. Yeah. I think that's the best thing about weed. It makes everything taste great. Sometimes I can taste and it's really good. Other times I just don't taste anything. I could taste every ingredient in something. I wake up in the middle of the night too and I'm like really cotton mouth and I'm like, oh Water. It's so bad. Yeah. That's, Where's your favorite place you've been to? My favorite place I've been to. I have a lot of 'em I love, I like Asian countries. Ooh. I like Croatia. That's pretty cool. It's pretty chill over there. I haven't left the country yet. Yeah. Brazil. Oh for real? Yeah.


You got anything I need to know. You're gonna have fun everywhere. Yeah. Because You, I wanna see something different. Yeah. What are you into? I don't know. I like seeing animals, like wild animals and shit like that. Oh. yeah. You'll see like, take me to see a tiger or Something. Yeah, you'll see that shit like on the side of the road.


Curious About APIC or Vy but not sure if your insurance covers it. That's where RO comes in. Ro can help you understand if GLP ones are right for you and your goals. But that's just the beginning. RO members have support throughout the process. That means no insurance paperwork and you'll have access to your provider on demand for any questions. Plus you can sign up online from the comfort of your own home. That means no waiting for an in person doctor's appointment. No commute to a doctor's office and no waiting rooms. Join the over 250,000 people who have already chosen RO to access GLP ones Go to ro dot co slash tua to find out if you're covered for free. That's ro co slash tua Go to ro dot co slash safety for boxed warning and full safety information. Rx only.


What was I gonna ask him earlier? What's the craziest thought you've had while you were high? The craziest thought that I've had when I was high, I did mushrooms at Coachella with my mom and we were watching Outkast and I was just looking at her and I was like, man, I was connected to her. Like at a certain point I was like, my body was like literally connected to hers at a certain point. I'm like, that is fucking crazy. Yeah, I get that. Yeah, she tripped me out. Yo. Like it, it got that real, What's the craziest one I've had? I think we live in a goldfish bowl. You know how like goldfish see us?


Yeah, that's, yeah. Well if there's something outside of space, it looks at us like that. I could see that. I don't know. I get to thinking too much. I mean, we be observing Heller, hella shit, so there's gotta be something that's observing us as well. Yeah. Something bigger. You know, We're not alone man. Yeah. Hell yeah. We're onto something here. Yeah. Nah, I I feel you on that though. So you're recently a girl dad. I see. Yeah. Yeah. How's that going? It's going really, really good. I was telling you about my wardrobe. I was like, I only wear clothes that can get thrown up on. Yeah, That's Part of Mark and it works out really, really cool. 'cause I'm still like styl in it. So What'd y'all end up naming her? Her Name is Cadence Oh. Yeah. You got a little boy too, right? Yeah. How old's he? He's 11. 11? Yeah.


Yep. Oh Yeah. His name is Sebastian. Sebastian And Cadence. Yeah. That's Cute. That's a cool little family, right? I Like Sebastian. That's a cute Little name. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yep. Well, are you married or anything? Nah, I'm not married. I, I I am with Cadence's mother though. Okay. Like that's my partner and we're together and we, we raise her as a big happy family. We we're super good together and we work like so, so well as far as raising a family and you know, me being a celebrity and you know, us just having a normal relationship. I don't feel like the outside world really like, affects what goes on in our home or how we, you know, are able to raise our kids.


She's been around my son for I think six years now before you know us even having our own baby. So she's That's good. Yeah, we're locked in. That's Sweet. So what are you gonna do if you ever catch your kids smoking weed? Man, you know, I think at an appropriate age, you know, we'll be able to have those conversations but I, I feel like I'll be able to enforce, you know, trying to wait until that age is there. But there's no telling man. Kids BETR be, they go sneak off with their friends and they gonna do whatever. I Feel like you're gonna have like the cool house. Like all their friends wanna come hang out out. Oh definitely. Oh for sure. I mean it is already like that. We do like switch off the, he goes and chills over to homie's house sometimes, but mine is definitely the, the coolest house.


Like, you know what I mean? It just is what it is. I bet you got one dope ass house. You said what? I Bet you got one dope ass house. It's Pretty cool. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty. How long have you lived in it? I've been in this house for I think three or four years maybe. Oh Yeah. So you've, you've done got comfortable up in it? Yeah, I bounce around a lot. It's not even my fault. Like I, anytime I get a house I'm like, This is it? And then something ends up happening and I'm like, just one day somebody's like, you wanna move? I'm like, okay, cool. Like let's do It. You're used to that though, like you've done it as a kid. I'm like, whatever. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. And it's never changed but it's, it's cool that I'm, I'm at least able to stay here in LA so my son, he gets to be around his friends and go to the same school.


That's good. Yeah. I'm excited for you being a girl dad. Me too. Is it any different than being a boy dad? I don't think it's really different 'cause I have a lot of love to give. Aw. So I got a lot of love to give my son and a lot of game to give him as a young man. And then my daughter, it's like, you know, she's my little princess so it's like aw, I get to give her all of that love Too. Now you gonna be cool when she brings on my boyfriend? For sure. Yeah. I'm gonna be cool. Are you gonna be cool? I would be Cool. Yeah, I'm gonna be cool. I'm gonna be cool 'cause he gonna be like the little homie, like he gotta know like how to treat her, you know what I mean? So you damn right. I would much rather him like look up to me than be scared of me. So it's like we, we could have decent conversations, you know what I'm saying?


He's such a wise dad. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Most dads like leave my fucking daughter alone. You know, Oh Yeah. Nah, nah, that's not realistic. Like, you know, if it's gonna be going down it's gotta be going down the right way and I would rather be like a homie than like, you know, the di like the, I mean I'm gonna be disciplinary if he's a little gang banger or some shit like that. Yeah. It's gonna be like, nah homie like gonna be like the dad also. We finna do bad Boys all like yeah. Nah, hell no. Have you ever watched Bad Boys? Oh Yeah? I think so. And he is opened the door up. He is like, hello sir, I'm here to take out your daughter. He's like, who? Yeah. Yeah, you gotta press him. I love that movie. And I gotta make sure they know how to fight too. 'cause I'm like, yo, if you take my daughter out. Yeah. She know how to fight so I can't have her like defending you.


You gotta stick up for her Make. Sure. you can change a tire too. Okay. That's right. I'm Targeting, I don't know how to change a tire though. I don't. What? Yeah, no I don't. What? Yeah, I could figure it out but I don't know how to change No tire. You Probably don't. Okay. Maybe it's more common than I think could be Tennessee. Like just common things like changing a tire, you know, like I got on him and the other ones ask 'cause they can't change a tire A lot. We could learn though. Yeah, but you don't too late To learn. You probably don't drive a lot on your own, do you? I Drive. Oh okay. Yeah, I drive. But if, if anything happened to my tire, I'm calling AAA AA membership. I'm not out getting out there cranking that joint.


But if I had to I would figure it out and we would get, we would get it done. You know what I mean? Yeah, I get you. Yeah. Yeah. So where'd the name WIZ come from? Khalifa. 'cause I know that's not your real name. She thought it was your real name, but yeah. Now what is your real name? My Real name's Cameron. Cameron? Yeah. Yep. Okay. That's cool, right? I Can see it. Yeah. Yeah. It's cool. Right? WIZ came from, so like I was in a, like a group of my uncles and my whole family and we were like really, really lyrical and just everything was like, you know, we would just use hella big words outta the dictionary and shit. And his name was Knowledge.


So my name was Wisdom and eventually I just shortened the wisdom part. My dad would just call me WIZ. So I just used the WIZ part. Okay, there You go. So are your mom and dad in music? Nah, they're not like into making music. They, they always like play good music in the house. But it's like, you know, my dad would put on records and shit like that and we would just go through records and hear songs. So I know a lot about Prince and Marvin Gaye and Isaac Hayes and the Isley Brothers and like all of that stuff. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. So who's your favorite rapper? My favorite rapper of all time. Of all time. It's two of them. It's Cameron and Snoop. Yeah, Snoop's a good one.


We love Snoop. Snoop is my man. We do love Snoop. Killer Cam. He's, he's like, you know, that's who I listened to when I was in high school. A lot. Like Dipset was, you know what I mean? Everything for me. And Snoop Dogg of course. Like, you know what I mean? He's great. I don't think anybody can beat him. Nah, Snoop is the the best. Like he, he's still going and he's pretty much allowed everybody to like come into the game after him. My dad's a really big fan of his. Yeah, Snoop is awesome bro. He's a, he's a really good friend too. Good deal. Yeah, that's the homie. I love that movie. Y'all done. Oh, good luck y'all. We gotta do another one, man. Yes, I agree. I really wanna do, I really wanna do another one. First time I watched that movie, I was just, I don't know, it done something to me.


I feel like We got so high. Making that movie Was ridiculous. I remember watching that movie when I was like 12. I was like, I love this. That was the best part about it. I feel like that's when it all started. Oh my Goodness. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. What do you like to do with your dad? Shit, my dad is really into like outdoorsy stuff. He was just at the house a little while ago. Me and my dad are super cool but he's more chill. Like he don't really go out too much. He comes to my shows but he don't really go out too much and he don't really do too much 'cause he just likes to fall back and be in his own zone. That's me. Yeah. So we do like outdoorsy stuff. He wants to go like camping and hiking And you like doing that? Yeah, I'm down. Okay. I'm with all that stuff.


I can see it. You know how to pitch a tent. I mean I can sometimes I need, I need you with me changing tires, pitching tents, building fires. I bring the off spray too. I don't like bugs. Yeah, I don't fuck with a bug. We do like the the big mosquito candle. Yeah, We need some of those. We can like spray shit on it. Make it like flame up. Hell yeah. Jake Paul done that with his body spray. What do you like to do outside of like writing music and stuff? Jujitsu sometimes wrestling sometimes. And if I'm not, well when I'm not, no, I'm always working out. I work out five days a week and then two days out of those the week as as well.


On top of that I do hot yoga. Hot Yoga. Yeah. Yup. So that's something We should Do. Oh Yeah. If I'm not, you know, working, I'm doing, I'm working out and doing high yoga and I like to bowl Bowling. Yeah. So I like to go bowling a lot. I Bet That'd be fun. Yeah. I got like some classic cars. So I like to like cruise around in my cars. Even though I can't change the tire. If anything happens, that's Okay. Yeah, you just call and get it fixed. Don't worry. I got a car man. His name is Snyder. Shout out to Snyder. Snyder. Thank. you Snyder. Carney Sny Snyder can do anything. Carney. That's your type of guy right there. Yeah. You need to teach me some fighting moves for Judges. I got you. I seen you fight That Moay Hai video. Yeah. Yeah. I seen that. I need to do something with this before I fight.


Jojo Siwa. You gonna fight Jojo Siwa? Yeah, She's got a few inches on me. For Real? Yeah. I could teach you something. I, I need a few moves. You got sharp elbows. So we gonna use the elbows and you got bony knees so we gonna use the knees. Okay. I like the way you think. At least he's got hope in me. Everybody else is just sharp shit. Some people just like snap straight into it though.


All right Pookie. The people need to know How did you like your chairman? Pro Electric. Full shaver. And did I do a good job shaving your chest? Well you missed a bunch of spots and I had to go back and redo it myself. But I do like the shaver though. I like it better than anything else I've ever tried. See people, I take care of my man. That's probably the nicest gift I've got him. Besides Build a bear. So take notes from Pooky over here and get your man the chairman Pro Electric full shaver. It's the best option because it's waterproof and really easy to use. Oh Yeah, even Haliey figured out how to use the thing. How often do you use that thing? Whenever you tell me to. It's perfect for travel too. It has a travel lock and it has 75 minutes of charge time. Well It doesn't take me that long to shave my chest. That's wonderful. So you better bring that bad boy with us when we go to the fight this week. Sounds good to me. It's going wherever I go. Wonderful. But from here on out I'm gonna shave my own chest. So if you're looking for a thoughtful and practical gift that he'll actually use in love, the Chairman pro is the way to go. Get 20% off in free shipping with a code to it Manscaped dot com. That's TUAH Tuah. That's 20% off and free shipping with a code to it Manscaped dot com.


If I had to choose between you or Jake Paul training me, it's definitely gonna be you. Oh, For real? Yeah. I appreciate It. We can have smoke breaks in between. Exactly. See I like the way you think. Exactly. Smoke Breaks and if I work hard I can get it paid off and then I can have a joint the end of the day after I've earned it. Exactly. See, I wish everybody thought this way. Yeah. See our training camps would be fun as heck. They Would be fun. Yeah. That and everybody will think you're just getting stoned the whole time and you just pop out and they're like boom. Yeah and whoop her Ass. Yeah. Yep. If she's not missing still by then, Nah. If I'm not seen that all over TikTok, am I really the only one that's seen that? It was like Jojo C was missing. I was like where the fuck's she at? I don't know. We gotta go find her Though. I think if you don't be on social media for two hours, people think you're missing.


Yeah. Is there anyone you would fight? Is there anyone I would fight. What about Mike Tyson? Excuse me. I don't train to fight anybody. Hopefully one day like I could be like in an action movie or something like that. So to answer your question, no I don't think there's anybody that I would fight. Would you fight Snoop? No. Hell no. Absolutely. I love Snoop way too much to, to put hands on him. See That's what I'm saying. With me and her Doing the slap would never, ever, ever, ever, I would Fight her. See you wouldn't fight her, but she would fight you. What's Up? Wouldn't Be serious. Feel the same way.


You might be like punch, beat whi his ass win. So that's, That's yeah, that's exactly why. Go pick on somebody your own size be Yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't think, I don't think me fighting is like the per I'm super do like it's gonna be hard to find somebody who's tall as me. That's the first thing. That's true. How tall Actually wears the Pooky at Wicked. Measure how tall you are. Yeah. I'm fucking That's a great idea. Y'all gonna measure me? Yeah. All right, cool. Let's do it with a phone and it'll tell us how tall you are. Okay cool. It's a new app she's coming out with For real. It's called Pooky app. Pooky. Pooky. Alright. Like you Catch Pooky, people lying. Okay. You like take a picture and it'll tell me how tall you are. Okay. So you found Pooky. I found Pooky Or Pookie's actually acting right now.


Pookie is acting right. Alright. He's doing good for the most part. We're trying to find Chelsea a Pookie. I don't think I want a Pookie right now. Okay. This is a Pooky app right here. And I'm gonna tell you how tall WIZ Khalifa is by the height detector. Approximately. I gotta tell you how tall you are. Alright. I didn't know if I can get him all in one picture. That's what I'm saying. I was so excited. Got it. Okay. Tell me how tall he is. Ugh. Are you six four? Yep. That's so good man.


This bite week is crazy. I love it. Same but there's so many damn people here man. You're telling me you know I need my chill time. That's why I like buying hemp gummies. It helps me relax and unwind after a long hard day. I love that they're made with natural ingredients and they just don't make me feel groggy and still stone the next morning. You think we can get granny to try one? You know that's not a bad idea. They also have zero THC products. If THC isn't for you, then you can take advantage of their CBD line with products that are designed for sleep, focus and energy. That'll keep you glowing all year long. Granny might be more into those. So one of my favorite parts of product comes from independently owned American Farms Avaya ship to nearly almost all the states in the us. It's in discrete packaging to your door. And it's a worry free guarantee. No medical card required. We'll for sure need to unwind with via after this fight week. So if you're looking for a way to elevate your wellness routine, check out via hemp@viia.co slash TUAH. And right now v's having a huge holiday sale for a limited time, you can get 25% off Sitewide up to 50% off Select, Items and bundles. So if you're 21 plus check out the Lincoln description.


Can you do a country accent? I don't do accents. I think I have enough of a Pittsburgh accent that I just go off of that he Is got like a mellow tone. Yeah. Yeah. I just be chilling. Like if I was going to kill somebody, you could probably talk me out of it. Just 'cause like you got a a cool calm. Can I say kill? Can I say that? Yeah. At this point I feel like you could talk me out of it though. Yeah. I mean if I had to I would. I could be a therapist. That's her right there. There. She's gone through like three Coach murder talk talk. You out of her. what else? Let's see. Dating coach too.


Dating coach? Yes. Yeah, I can give you some game. We got this But you got game though. You all right? You good? You got a favorite pickup line? Do I have a favorite pickup line? Nah, I just, I just give like, like nice compliments and stuff like that. I just say what's real. Yeah, Yeah I get That. So you and Pooky are coming out to the public? Yeah. Damn. Congratulations. Yo, I'm scared. My advice for you and Pooky is damn, Don't answer them dms. No. Keep the dms open. 'cause if he don't act right, you, you know what I'm saying? You gotta, oh, I mean his dms Don't look at his dms.


I'd probably be sick. Yeah, don't look at Pookies dms. I'm not that worried about, about him. But don't look like if you guys trust each other and y'all love each other, you should be out. You exactly right. Yeah. Like let's, let's start this, this public relationship built off of trust. But honestly, my best advice would be like to just dress nice, you know? See Yeah, I got this in the back. Don't worry. Yeah, you guys are like gonna be looked at and people are gonna look up to you. So whatever your swag is like just make sure Pooky can keep up with you. I think he dresses better than I do. Well why I miss that too. I hope. I hope so. Because he, he better like he BETR be able to keep up with you or Like, I have to ask Chelsea if I match before I leave, we gonna be on, we gonna be on this tops.


Always know. Yeah. Chelsea has to help Dress' be on. Have you ever had someone going through your phone? Have I ever had somebody go through my phone? Where's this going Chelsea? I don't, Sorry. I don't think I've ever had anybody like just straight up grab my phone and go through it. But like, Like sneakily, I don't feel like, I feel like any, any girl like you can't help but just like look over, you know what I'm saying? Well Sometimes if you're like in the right mind as a woman and you look over at a man's phone, you're like, I've seen enough. You just don't look, you don't from, He's not to most of the time. Yeah, I heard you don't, people don't, don't wanna like have stomach aches so they don't just, they don't Look.


Yeah, I'm one of those, I'm like, I don't wanna look. Don't worry about it. You do your thing. You wanna be able to eat tomorrow. Yeah. Oh goodness. Yeah. Don't look. No, my phone's pretty cool though. It's, it's pretty chill. There's nothing going on in there. That's good thing. Yeah, I don't get all the, I do get some random stuff. I'm not gonna lie. I'd be like, what the hell? But you probably don't respond to it. Nah, that's the thing is like, I don't either. Yeah, that's the non-response is like, you know what I'm saying? Silence is, silence is golden. What's the weirdest thing that I've gotten sick? Yes. DM wise. I don't think it's like weird DM wise. I think it's like just randomness.


You know what I mean? So you haven't got nothing weird? No, I haven't. I haven't gotten anything weird. I don't get too much weird stuff. I'm pretty blessed to like to be pretty chill. But just like having a history sometimes that shit like, you know people Yeah, they'll try to resurface and sometimes it's like with a picture of them randomly or something like that. Yeah. Trying to bring theirselves back up in it. Yeah. And that's like, I didn't ask for that. Yeah. So why are you here? You know? So Man, I wish my dms looked like that. I'd take that over fricking a dude sending me a picture of his girlfriend's nudes. I mean she's a sprawled eagle man. You remember that? Yeah, I remember that. Can't forget that. So a guy sent you a picture of his girlfriend.


Naked Butt ass naked sprawled eagle. Do guys send you like weird shit? Yeah, I do get a lot of that too. I'll be scared for y'all girl. Y'all. Y'all ladies man. I'm scared of man. I'm scared of dudes too. How many tattoos would you say you have? It's all like one big one now at this point. Oh, Yeah all connect. Yeah, I'm pretty much covered. Like not all the way covered. I still got a little bit of space here and there. All right. I got some questions for both of you guys to answer. Alright. What's the wildest high thought you've ever had? The wildest high thought that I ever had was that I could be a famous rapper.


That's not wild though that that came true. You manifested that though. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, the next one. What's your wildest or what's your most toxic trait? I like arguing. You say you like arguing? Yeah. I think my most toxic trait, I wouldn't even say it was toxic, but it's probably like pretty annoying to other people. It's like I'm really like critical about shit because I critique myself a lot. Like just every little thing. Not even in an annoying way, but just there's certain shit that's important to me that normal people probably don't give a fuck about. But if you're like in my circle, I Talk Tuah you about it and like try to make it important to you as well.


And that's probably like, That makes sense. That's not really Talk Tuah. That makes sense why your guys came in here. Then they're like, okay, we're just making sure you're not like killers or anything. And I was like, yeah, we're good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't blame you though. I'm skeptic too. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I don't think it's toxic, but you know, people could probably get tired of that. That's a good thing to have though. Yeah, I think so too. Yeah, I think it's pretty chill. What about you Oh? Yeah? You said you like to argue? Yeah. Like about anything? No, it's gotta be a really good topic. If I'm just in the mood sometimes, like you're not paying me enough attention. I'm gonna start an argument. Oh, it's called debating. Yeah. You were so smart. You know what I'm saying? you were so smart. Yeah.


All right. What were you like in your very first relationship? My very first relationship. I'm a sweet guy so I could, I don't know what I, excuse me. I don't know what I was like in my very first relationship, but I know younger I was the type of dude to like write letters and That's sweet though. Yeah's sweet. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I don't think I've ever got a letter from a dude. Have you? Wayne? Wayne. That 50-year-old man, he keeps sending me love letters in the mail. Oh, you'll be getting them now? Yeah. Yeah. We both get like, guess Well shout out to Wayne man. No, for real. He, he's a sweetheart. He even sent us like pictures of our self screenshot on the internet. It was like, can you sign these and send it back? I was like my granny showed Of That's super sweet bro.


You gonna, you gonna get her one day dog. I'm telling You. I mean I wrote him back just 'cause you know. Yeah. That probably made his, his freaking world's. It's like, oh shit. Yeah, she wrote me Back boys What did, he was a sweet to me was a writing back page. He was just saying, oh you're such a good person that he was like saying, saying how much you supported us. And like, yeah, he put like four pictures in the envelope he sent me and Granny took three of them. Super. And I had to write 'em back. I was like, sorry Granny really liked those. I sent it back to him. That stuff works man. He was so sweet. That's what I teach my my son. I'm like always be sweet man. There's enough assholes out here. That's such a good thing. I wish more kids like his age learned that. Yeah, true. They can grow up with it. It's True. My very first relationship I was psychotic. And you still are.


And I still am but it's not as bad. Thank You. Yeah. You made progress. I've made progress. Hey, I kept this one for a whole month. As of today? Yeah. Besides three days for that one. Well it only lasted two days. It was actually three Say the least. It was actually three. Three. My bad. Three. We talked for a little while before that though. He doesn't matter. He's irrelevant. We're not gonna talk about him. Your no hard feelings or nothing but 15-year-old boyfriend. Yeah. When you were 15. Yeah. Terrible time. At least you learned from it. I did. I think I've grew into a good spot. He's no pooky. He is not Pooky. Alright, my next question. What's the wildest party you've been to? The Wildest party I've been to was probably the Patriots ring ceremony at Robert Kraft's house.


It was so crazy. I DJ'ed Tom Brady was like dancing to Amigos. It was wild as hell. I got so drunk. Me and my little sister were there. We were there together. Like his crib is crazy. He had golf carts like in the backyard. He had a whole tent set up for us as a green room I think. Yeah. The Patriots ring ceremony at Roberts Crafts at Robert k craft's crib was like one of the craziest parties I've been to. DJ Drama was there. It was dope. It was fun. That Sounds Fun. It was a vibe. It was. I was so, so hammered. you were drunk. I was really, Really drunk. I wanna see you drunk.


Like I wanna see How it wanna see me drunk. I'm curious to know what you like. I bet you be fun. What You doing tonight? We gotta go out. What doing tonight? I don't stay up late no more. I go to bed like at a decent hour. I try not to. Do you ever have any days you're just like, do absolutely nothing? Yeah. If I drink the night before, Oh, you gotta recover again. I gotta Recover. Yeah. Yeah. That's when I'm calling in the troops. I'm like, Everybody come handle this. But it's, it is pretty rare that I let that shit like fuck up my schedule. 'cause I know when I want to like rage and then when I want to be disciplined and the majority of the time like just chilling and kind of hanging out is like more fun.


But then when I get busy and if I have to promote some music, if I have to be available, if I have to be flexible, sometimes the discipline, you know, it might go to the side for a little bit, but I always get right back to it. So what is your hangover routine? My hangover routine. I need to know. Smoke some pot. There You go. I don't eat like, a lot of people think that when you eat like it soaks it up or whatever. It helps. Yeah. I feel like it makes it worse for me. It does make it worse. Like I gotta eat like fruit and stuff like that. Like something that's gonna like flush it out. Yeah. And I just smoke a lot and just try to rest. I watch ASMR. Those are good. Those are Good.


Just chill in the bed and watch ASMR all day. Your favorite ASMR. See we ain't, we ain't getting that personal. Okay. Watch my Face. That's what I watch. Nah, I don't watch muck bangs. I don't watch the soap cutting either. I watch the seafood muck bangs. That's all my For you pages. I feel like super personal. Like what you're into like as like you're like hiding it. Like Have you ever thrown any parties yourself? Yeah. I throw a annual Halloween party that gets pretty crazy. Snoop came to one of the parties before that was pretty legit. I think this year was pretty wild. It got, it got kind of crazy. Like I, I couldn't even finish the party because it was just like so insane.


It was so many people there. And like just during the middle of the party, I just went to the other room and like laid down and took a nap. Did you dress up? Yeah. What Were you I was Napoleon Dynamite? Oh hell Yeah. I love that. That is great. Yeah, I, my birthday parties are pretty cool too. And I remember, I think last year, maybe the year before that my big homie Breeze had made like this Shroom milkshake and he gave it to everybody and he, we were so fucking high off of the Shroom milkshake. Did he tell y'all it was a Shroom milk? Yeah, he told us it was Shroom, but he didn't tell us how much shrooms were in it. And everybody was dressed like they were in the seventies. So we're on shrooms and people got afros on and it was just trippy as fuck.


Yo, That'd be so fun. I wanna do that when I get married. I wanna have like an edible cake and not tell anybody and just let 'em all eat the cake. Yeah. And see like if they get real stoned Oh. yeah, they will be. I Think it'd Be fun Make. sure. you have the ambulance there. Yeah. Yeah. Like, all right. Surprise. Yeah. Can you officiate my wedding? Absolutely. Whenever you, you and Pooky get married, just let me know. I'll be right there. Sounds good to me. Yeah. Yep. I got you. It'll Be cracking. You can be my maid of honor. Wait, what the fuck? Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry Chelsea. You're asking a step back gonna be shit. I feel like you'd just be so cool in a dress. Who me? Yeah. No, I feel like you look cool in a dress.


Nah, Nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm cool off that. Okay. You can wear a a tux or that if you want to. I don't really, Shit. Yeah, I'll probably just do it like this. I'll probably wearing something Like that too. Something that could get thrown up on remember? Yeah, There you go. Yeah. That's all I'm doing. What's your favorite song you've ever written? Rollup. My favorite song I've ever written. Probably just because of how big the song is is See You again. That one was really good. I love that one. That One's good. Yeah. And Charlie poof did the hook of course. But like, you know, just being able to be on that song and like, you know, have BETR be such an important song to so many people. I think that's like one of my most significant jams. Is that your favorite one to like perform live?


It's one of my favorite to perform live that I love performing Young, wild, and Free. Oh, I love that one. I gotta see that lot. Yeah. I feel like that one is like, I've been in Korea and, and they've been singing it and they don't fucking speak no English over there, but Still they probably know every word, Don't they? Yeah. But they're singing young, wild, and free. I'm that, that's crazy. So I think that one's pretty significant as well. That's great. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I do have some upcoming stuff. I'm about to put an album out. Cushion Orange, juice part two Cushion Orange Juice. Juice. Yeah. Yeah. The first one I was like, I like that. Yeah. Thank you. I like the first one was like more like a underground classic, but it kind of like stamp me in the game and there's a lot of people's like first memories of me or like, you know, just getting onto the WIZ Wave W train.


Yeah, exactly. Yeah. The WIZ train. I got you. So just being that I feel like people need to smoke a lot more weed and just chill out, I'm gonna make another version of that. I like that as a 37-year-old. And it's gonna be, it's super cool. The album's already done. We started releasing songs off of there. The first song is Khalifa's Home and the second song is, I did hear that one. Yeah, that's, I did, I did hear that one. That shit's Hard. Oh. yeah. And hide it with Don Tyler. That shit's super duper hard. And yeah, we just gonna keep releasing songs off of there, videos off of there. And then next year I'm gonna end up dropping the album. I love it. And that's when the tour comes and we'll be there. And then that's when the Tour comes. I agree. Gonna tour. Alright. You have to come to Nashville. Yeah, I'm gonna be in Nashville like a motherfucker.


I'm gonna come party with y'all. Okay. I told you like when I'm on tour, I might get drunk, you know what I mean? That's okay. Right Now I'm, you know, I'm, I'm working out every day. Don't mind me when I'm drunk. I won't mind you when you're drunk, we'll take you to Broadway. Yeah, I, I'm already like knowing what Broadway is hitting for. What's your favorite bar? I don't know. See Y don't But y'all are only like 21. How are you? Yeah, 21. So y'all are young. Y'all are babies. How y'all gonna take me to Broadway? I mean we're gonna venture out Y'all Broadway. No. Yeah, that's true. Maybe we don't need to go to Broadway. Yeah, we've been trying to stay away here Recently. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go to the studio or something like that. Yeah, yeah. Let's do yoga. Have you seen Goat Yoga? I heard about it.


No, I wanna do it. Haven't seen it. We can go do that. We can get, We do yoga. Yoga with the Goats. Yes. They run out and then they like stand on you. It's so cool. Yeah. I don't know about a goat standing on me Though. Why not? They're cute. What made you want to come on Talk? Tuah a What made me want to come on Talk. Tuah a I think that you're super chill. I think that you were able to take something and make it work for you. Well Thank you And the way that you're actually working and like turning your brain into something and not letting it just be a moment. But like you're out here putting in the work. The fact that like I came up on YouTube and social media and Twitter.


I know what it's like to be in the beginning stages and I see like where you're going with it and I see the potential and like I just, I just wanted to be able to support like, you know what I'm saying? Oh sure. Like you guys reached out to, to my people and I was like, hell yeah. That's something that I would do. 'cause like you're genuine. You know what I'm saying? I try. Yeah. A lot of people are like, you know, cl chasing or they're like just really nasty. You know what I'm saying? But I agree. Yeah, I don't see that with you so I don't mind like, you know, helping to support and well Thank you, you know you guys will supporting me as well. So You gonna have my face turned right off. Shut. You got super chill over here. Hey you such a nice guy. I know you be a nice guy.


The most excited I've been for episode by the way. Me and you both. I went out my way to get that rolling tray. No, I appreciate it. It's very, very thoughtful and I had no idea that you guys smoked weed so that made it even better. Fuck Yeah. Yeah. I feel like the whole world should smoke weed. I wanna come out with like my own rolling papers but like, just spit on it. I saw some hawk to of weed though. Your sister sent it to me. I was like man, they took my fucking idea. What's the best piece of advice you'd give to Haliey? Just like make sure that you like clear everything that's like being done in your name. Like Make. sure you like it. Like don't let it get crazy. Don't let it get out of fucking whack. To the point where it's like, yo, I wouldn't even fucking done that shit.


Yeah, like, because it'll get big and it'll get hectic and you'll get to a point where there's days you're like, I don't want to people manage and be me. But if you like be very specific about these things and just make sure that it's exactly what you want the entire time. You'll be good. Okay. I definitely needed to hear that. Yeah. Chelsea, something really big happened. What is it? Think really big. Matt Rife called you even bigger. What? Betr. Picks just launched 2000 x payouts. What? Betr. Picks decided a thousand x payouts just weren't enough. You can win up to 2000 times your money. All NFL seasons long This is officially the easiest way to win up to 2000 times your money.


Betr Picks changing the game again. Download better and go for your 2000 x lineup today. Download Better play Betr Picks. Download better and play Betr Picks. Alright. Yeah. Hi, I'm Haliey love And. Welcome to Talk Tuah. Alright. You Oh. Oh. Hi. I'm Haliey wel And. Welcome to Talk Tuah you. Yeah. I'm Haliey And Welcome to Talk Tuah. I'm Haliey Wel And. Welcome to Talk. Tuah her. You filming?


That's hard. Do you like that or you lying to me? Hey, I just lit my joint up. I was about to get high to this joint. I'm Haliey. We And. Welcome. Talk Tuah. I'm Haliey And. Welcome Talk Tuah Haliey. Welcome. So wait, y'all was about to try to have me come up with this shit but she just made it right now. Would you use one of those in a song? Oh shit. Hell yeah. That's the intro right there. Yeah. That's hard.


He likes it. That's it right there. Hi, I'm Haliey Welch. And. Welcome to Talk Tuah. You me ladies. That's hard. Hi, I'm Haliey Welch and I'm the first one to hear this. Yeah, you all cool? I fuck with it. Did your first pass? I fuck with it. Yeah, I fuck with it. There. We go. Yeah, that shit's hard. All Right, we got the pass. Everybody. Everybody clap it up. Clap it up. Clap it up. Clap it up. We got the pass on it. That's hard. Thank you. I fuck with it. You can use your new rolling train. Teach me how to roll a joint. So you never rolled a joint? Nah, I normally get the cones.


Yeah, the cones are cool but it's like when you're a pretty young lady and you know how to roll a nice joint. Yeah, that's like fig. That's like changing the tire. That Is like changing the tire. You know what I'm saying? That's the equivalent to like, so I'll learn how to change a tire and you learn how to roll a doobie. All right, sounds good. I need to learn how to open this bag. These always give me trouble. Yo. I can't ever get 'em open either. So have you ever heard of the myth, like when you drop your joint or your blunt, What's that? So They say if you drop your joint or your blunt, your bitch is cheating on you. Whoa. You never heard that? Hell No. I never heard that. I've heard that my whole life. I drop my shit all the time. Oh wait a minute.


Okay, we're not gonna believe in that then. What the hell? I just believe in like just being like a good ass person. You know what I'm saying? I definitely believe in like KARMA, but like whatever you believe is right and whatever you believe is wrong too. So it's like some shit might be right to you that's like you really don't care about and give a fuck about and then somebody might think it's the worst thing in the world. I agree. And like MYTHS and SUPERSTITIONS and stuff like that, I think that's like based off of like whatever you think is gonna get you to the best point in your life. So to me, just being a good ass person and following that, you know what I'm saying?


That genuine good intentions. I think that's like the best thing to do. I agree. Yeah. That's why you believe in like gut feelings. Yeah. Hell yeah. I do too. Okay, so look, when you roll up, you gotta roll a crutch first. Okay? So when you make a crutch, you like, you gotta make a W so you like curl it three to times and then you roll it up like this, right? Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay, cool. And the crutch goes at the back of the joint. So you put that there and you just hold it there. Okay. That make sense? Yeah. This is where you're gonna smoke out of and then you take your product and you sprinkle it in there.


Some people like to fill it all the way up. It's Whatever you want to do, it's however big you're smoking at the time. I just like to match it up to the, to the filter. So like now you're gonna pinch it at the back. Hell Yeah. You are gonna finesse this thing though. You're not gonna be too rough 'cause you wanna shape it, right? Yeah. You do like a little shapey shape type thing and then you see it, it already wants to like lay down. Yeah. You you said the right word. So you just tuck 'em into bed, Good night, Night, night. And it's in there, right? Yeah. And then you just, what do you do after that? You Spin on that thing.


Exactly. You want to, you want me to, Do you ever have someone rolling for you or do you 'em all yourself? Yeah, I do pre-rolls. I got a big ass box of pre-rolls right here. Okay. Yeah. But when I do wanna roll, I roll up by myself. I I wouldn't let anybody roll for me. I have the best roll game hands down outta anybody that I know. I believe you. Didn't somebody tell us you had like a a personal roller? No, I don't have a roller. I have a machine that you just lay the weed out into it and then just Where'd you get that? It's crazy. It just does. I think it does a hundred at a time. Yeah, it cones up a hundred at, so instead of sitting there and stuffing a hundred cones, it's just a machine that goes.


It does it. Wham. Where'd you Get it? Top secret. Top secret Light. That shit. I will, I'm gonna borrow your lighter. Is this your lighter? Yeah. Oh. Oh That. Don't let it go because it's gonna smack me in the nuts. This is great. You're such a nifty guy. Told you stop. Okay. I'm not gonna let go of it. Thank You okay? Oh my gosh. I was so scared. Here. Puppet roll here. Come in here. There. We go. It's sing. It is right.


That's good. It is right. Dang, I got the smoke with you. That's pretty awesome. Yo, I got one last question for you. Yeah. What's one moving bed that makes a woman go crazy? What's one moving bed that makes a woman go crazy biting her ear? Mike Tyson. That thing Not, yeah. Yeah. Oh, it depends on how hard, but like when you nibble on a girl's ear or a woman's ear, like this whole little area around here, it doesn't even have to be like, you know, you, you don't even have to be doing it. Like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Most, most women like to be turned on first, so, but when you're heating up the oven, I think, I think biting on the air makes a woman go crazy.


Good deal. Yeah. Well Thank you for coming. You're welcome. You know my childhood dreams just come true. I just smoked with him. Hey. Y'all I. hope you enjoyed the show. And. if you haven't gotten yourself any Talk, Tuah a merch, be sure to click the link in the description below so we can match. Tag me and Talk Tuah a while you're watching the episode and let us know what you think. And before you go, don't forget s subscribe to that thing.