
If you want more, go like, comment, subscribe to Talk Tuah with Haley Welch. Follow wherever you get your podcasts. While you're watching this, take a picture and tag me and tell me who you want next. Tag me and Talk. Tuah her and I'll be sure to repost. Okay. Welcome to my front porch. We got Maddie over here. This has been my best friend for 13 years. You got you. You already know her. I'm not even gonna introduce CHELSEA. CHELSEA. You already know her. And then you got Alyssa over here. This is Chelsea's sister and This is our little friend group right here. This is CQBO. We can say Yeah. Nobody knows. You'll never know. WHAT. IT means ever.


Nobody knows. We all been like a friend group since high school. What does it mean? It's top secret. We'll dial before I tell you. WHAT. IT means we told you we have to kill you. There's one person we went to high school with who just happened to guess. WHAT. IT was, you're watching this. Keep your mouth shut. Keep your mouth shut. So the night it happens. Okay, we were all there. From your perspective. Okay. I don't wanna hear her perspective Anymore. Yeah, I, I'm tired of saying it too. So y'all be my guest. Okay. Okay. Okay. I Feel like we tell the story differently. Yeah, we definitely do. You you like to add details in there and I'm like, that didn't happen. Maybe it did. I don't know. I was also, I know you trying to get away from there too though. Yeah. While I was standing there holding my own.


Okay. So we were all there. you were there. I was there. Except you weren't there. I weren't With like, I wasn't with y'all. Okay. We're all at the CMA fest. We all went together. Right. But we sat together. Yeah, we all sat together then like after we were like, Oh, yeah, let's go out, you know? And me and Hailey and Alyssa and Carly, right? Yeah. We were just walking down Broadway. Alyssa and Carly are like, oh, let's go to this bar. Me and Hailey are like, okay, we're gonna go lollygagging down the street, you know? And we're just walking and we see like two dudes, you know, with like a big flashlight and a camera. And I was Like, hey a camera. And we would go over there and I was like, are y'all vlogging? And they was like, no, we do YouTube. We're like, oh, okay. And I was like, do y'all mind if we ask you a few questions?


And We were like, never once told us what the questions were. Those Were the last questions. I was expecting to hear Me and you both. I was like, oh, what's your favorite color? Mine's red. You know? That's Why I pass it to you. And here we are. You set her up. I did. But hey, I felt bad at first, but now I'm, I'm proud. Yeah. But Y'all had to come get me after. And I remember I got in the car and you said, we messed up. I said, why? You said we did a street interview. I said, what did y'all say? And you were like, I don't even know what We said. I don't, yeah. I literally, I was, but we were all like, Oh, We're never, yeah. Yeah. Like I forgot about it. I was like, it wasn't that bad. Yeah, That's what's funny about it. Soon as the first video come out, like the actual hop to, we were like, okay, that's it.


That's funny. Shit Was at work. And I FaceTimed each, each one of you. I was unconscious in my bed. I was, I gotta Get the raw reactions to this video. 'cause I was dying. Hailey's like asleep, like Oh, Yeah. She didn't even, I was asleep. She sleep and we're all like, Hailey's about to shit her pants. And then, well at first it was like, It wasn't getting views at all. And then by the time she woke up it Had like 500 K. Yeah. And I was like, oh. And then I saw like 1.5 mil. I was like, and we're like, okay, you know, it's gonna blow over. It was funny. Yeah. I thought it was just gonna be like a haha. Couple hours later drops another video. Yeah. And I was like, that was the only part of the conversation that was funny. He keeps dropping more videos as like the weeks go on. And I'm like, No, I, you called me after he dropped the next one and you were like, CHELSEA, This is bad.


And you were like bawling your eyes out. And I was like, fuck. So I left work real quick and I was like, I'm coming over. And I came over and we didn't leave the house for, he Dropped that second one. Which one was it? Which one was the second? Was it I Love You Pooky or The Cobwebs? The Cobwebs. That's the one you were the most worried about because You were like, I was literally at my aunt and uncle's house and I was like, oh, I wanna go see their garden. They took me down there to see their garden and everything else. I get a cousin from, or cousin, I get a call from KK and I was like, what's she calling me for? And I was like, that can't be good. Hunter calls her back. Hunter's my little blonde-headed, curly headed cousin. He's my cousin, not my man. Get that right. Pleas and Thank you. Snapchat stories drives me nuts.


And she's like, there's another video. And I was like, what could I possibly said? I was like, I don't remember it. I was pretty damn drunk in that interview. I was like, I don't know. I was drinking those slushies all day. Me and you both were. Yeah, I remember Nothing. It was like some kind of blue. What was in it? It was vodka, right? It was like Tito's. It was like a blue Raspberry. Yeah, it's pretty good. We're drinking 'em all evening because They didn't any vodka in there. And you said these have nothing in there. And they got, I'm know you want me to do about it. Like put another shot in there. And you said I paid for it. She did. She took a Max did. She was like, there's no alcohol on this. And they put another shot off in there for us. You did? I went with y'all and I, I was paying for it. So I was like, I'm paying extra for this. You better put it in there. Exactly. And then after they released that one video where you could really see my tongue that it was blue after I've been drinking one day, they're like, she sucked off Papa Smurf.


And I was like, well gee, okay. You know? But we were up there and we got that phone call and KK was telling us about this other video and I was like, are you shitting me right now? Like you're pulling my dick. There's no way. There is no way in hell they done post another video. I don't even remember saying that Hunter gets this video to pull up. And I'm like, oh. I was like, that is not good. I was like, okay, I gotta get in my car and go home. 'cause I'm about to have a nervous breakdown. Me and Granny are on the way home and I'm over here and there's a sad song on the radio. I'm like, keep it together. Granny It together, has no idea what's happening. And Granny has no idea at this point. She's like, why are you in such a hurry to leave? I was like, Granny, I, I just need to get in the car and go. I was like, I'm ready to take a nap. I need to take a shower. I was like, I just, I just need to go home. We get home, I go in my room. I was like, oh Jesus.


I wasn't having nervous a long time either. She didn't. And when I told her like about the whole thing, it was like a really, when I told her I had to explain it to her like three times and she was like, I don't get it. And I was like, Granny, listen to what I'm saying to you. I was like spit on it. and she's like, huh. Oh. And I was like grinning Jesus Christ. I was like, don't say that. I was like, let me end up telling my daddy, you know, whatever. I'm gonna explain it to him too, too. Which he knew about it, but he didn't understand it either. He was like, I don't fucking get it. But I should've known somebody in my family would've said something to his ass before I did. We're all So He knew before he even Told her he's heard about it, but he didn't really know WHAT. IT was so, I was like, okay, well I guess I'm gonna have to tell him. Then Granny, he gets here and she is like, Hailey, come in here and tell you daddy, which you told me.


And I was like, oh Jesus Christ. And he is hotheaded too. That's where I get it from. So that, did he tell Your brother or did he ask you about it first? I told Austen about it. Now Andrew, I think he seen it at work and he was like, what the Fuck? you texted Austen? He was like, do you know our little sister's like TikTok famous? And he was like, yeah, TikTok famous. It was, it was kind of funny. But I didn't think it was big until my dad was like, oh, somebody is at work showed me you on Facebook, you and Hailey in Nashville. I was like, oh did They? It was rough. I literally locked myself in that bedroom for like two weeks. I went to work and then I'd come straight home. I wouldn't even go to the store and get gas. I was like, everybody in their mama knows me around here. I was like, I can't do it. They're gonna be like, was that Mexican though?


Yeah. Dressed in hats and hoodies. Yeah. I didn't think it was getting bad until I started seeing people like do merch that said it and I was like, what? Or like that girl that pretended to be you. Oh. Yeah. Like the one that was like trying to get, Getting the benefit. Hey, those people Doesn't deep investigation though. No, they did, but they didn't. Well nobody really know who you were. So like Yeah, They didn't Because you were, they didn't know your name. Okay. I was okay with it. I was okay with it. She I was like, she's claiming to be me. Yes Sister. You take that. That wasn't, that wasn't Hailey Welch. I don't know who the hell that was. I was made You go to gon meet your attorney. Yeah. Shout out to your mama. Yeah. Shout out Mama. I love you. Shout out Mama DI love you. Yeah, telling my dad was like an awkward conversation. So he's sitting here, he is like mean mugging.


The shit outta me while I'm telling him and I'm like, okay, This is not gonna go good. And I'm trying to get it out where it doesn't sound as bad as it was because at this point I was like, Ugh, This is gonna be a mess. And then you have Granny over here just spit on it Hot too. I don't even wanna hear Granny. Well she doesn't even say hot tub. She's hot toy. I was like, Granny, stop. Let me, let me finish telling him she's over here. Okay, spit on it. I got you here. She's just over here. I'm over here like this. Trying to tell him. 'cause I'm laughing trying to tell him he is getting mad 'cause I won't spit it out. And I'm like, oh my fucking God. I was like, all right daddy. I said it. I said it. I was talking about spitting on Dick shit. I was like, it's just a joke though.


He said, I know not to take you. Fuck. I know not to take you serious. 'cause you can never tell what comes outta my mouth. My whole family has said that. Y know that too. I never, I don't think anyone was surprised when they seen the video. Anyone that knows you, Everybody that I've spoke to about it, like when it first happened, they're like, that does not surprise me that come outta your mouth. I'm like, Thank you. Even If you weren't drinking and you were there, like you, you would say it if we were here. Yeah, To y'all. I'm like scatter brained. We can have a conversation like this and if I see a cow or something, I'm gonna jump to that and I'm always gonna have something to say about something else. Definitely the hardest part was like coming outta my house after all this happened and I was like, I'm embarrassed to death. I cannot shove my face anywhere. I was like mortified of it and I kind of embraced it.


I wish I'd have done it sooner. I'd be like, quit being a little bitch and get your ass up and go see your attorney. Just do it. And we did that And did And you sat in that meeting with me? I did. There was this man the other night at Dirk Benley. He tickled the shit outta me. He was like, I what is, how did he word it? You remember that older man And I was like, I don't know what you're talking About. He's like, I can't mistake that country twang from anywhere. He was like, I know it's you. And I was like, he he surprise yes me. What's the craziest rumor? I think don't wanna ask you guys. What's the Craziest shirt? Tussy. Let's talk about shirt tussy. That's not rumor. That's not a rumor. That was like real life thing that happened yesterday.


It wasn't even my shirt Tussy though. That was the best comment I've read since this whole, it wasn't Shark Tussy. Imagine waking up from a nap. Like you're taking this really good ass nap. I was waiting on you to tell me if you're staying there, if you're going home. So I was like, all right, I'm gonna take a nap. My comforter's dry and whatever. Took me a little nap. I wake up, I don't know how she timed it so good. I have like a bunch of messages and everything else. I was like, what's this about? I wake up, she FaceTimes me. She's like, Hailey, go to your Instagram. I was like, what? What is it? She's like, shark tissie. So people are talking about your shirt tss. and she was like, oh my God. She already knew what I was talking about. 'cause we We seen it. I was like, why does it look like that? That's not right. All The comments were talking about it and then someone said, sure. Ssy and I was like, that is the best thing they could have ever said.


No. As soon as I seen it, I was like, that's literally the picture we said not to post. No. He literally sent like a, or he said, are these pictures above like good for the post? And I was like, yeah those are good you sent It was all the ones I sent you. That picture was not In them. I did not send that. I would not have done that to you Jamie. Your but it was funny. You're done For, so a shirt Tussy is when you have a fat coer and your Coer decides to take a bite out of your shirt. That's exactly what a shirt tussy is. And don't act like you haven't ever had one or I've never seen that before. Actually I've never, you're the first. Well hell, it's better than a camel toe. It's basically the same thing. I think it, it gets worse. I don't know. I'd rather have a camel toe than a shirt to It looks like you're wearing the pants. It's not your shirt. I hate to say it, but those lips look too little to be mine.


I hate to say it. I was looking. I was like, there ain't no way. There's no way in hell. That's mom. What's that girl? Me and girls say just because I have a wide set vagina. Oh my God. She, she keep saying what I like in the back of pack of the cat. Wait, what'd you say? What I lack in the back. I pack in the cat and she didn't even know what that means. I was Like. hey, that literally means you pack in. She's like, do it don't Big Martha. Which y'all know about it. Oh is that what you call her? Yeah. Yeah. Her name is Big Martha actually. Oh God. Hey Ellie, Nikki. No, just her. She tried naming ours actually. She, she sat down and she said, why don't we name yours?


Doug I was like, what? She went one by one trying to come Up with something. We said no really Nobody thinks what I think.


Stop what you're doing right now. I'm serious. Whatever app you have open right now, close it. Whatever. Text your reading, shut that down. Trust me. I'm doing this for you. Now take your finger and head over to the app store and download better Betr. Picks is the most easy and fun daily fantasy app where you can win up to a thousand times your money and new users, you'll get up to $200 is a deposit match plus a free pick. Tell your friends to sign up and how you could turn $1 into a thousand. Play Betr Picks and hit those 1000 x lineups. Download better and play Betr. Picks.


How Did you guys meet? So we met in high school. Me and her have been best friends since like third grade. Yeah, something Like that. Third, fourth. And then we survived two other friend groups and we kind of kind of guess come to our last destination. Yeah. Super Best For last. Yeah. Final destination. That's what we did. Yeah. Well we met in high school. We all cheered together. Yeah. Got into some trouble together and cheer. Lots, Lot some trouble. Actually no we met because I made you take us home. Like that's how we were became friends. It was me, CHELSEA. We were leaving school. Yeah. 'cause my sister left me. We I kind of knew y'all before Though. Yeah. We, we knew of each other. We we were the same grade. Yeah. Both of them actually tried dating my brother. That was before I. tried being your friend. That's how I met y'all.


I was I wanted brothers. I knew of y'all. Carson was my man. Man. Carson was passed around. Carson was your man. Carson was Brook's man. Carson belonged to everybody. He went through the whole gang man. Yeah. Yeah. That's before he grew into his ears though. Oh Yeah. He did have some big whole ear. Yeah. This was hard. No, no I met you before you had braces and we were just Little and my teeth done. The Chacha slide to the right. No Side to the right. But I dunno, I don't even know how I became your Friend. That reminds me, I looked at my dms last night. Somebody told me I needed to buy veneers for what? I wore braces for five years and then Ellie over there decided to eat my retainer so I didn't get to wear it but maybe like two weeks. Which I probably wasn't gonna wear it anyways. But she saved me a little trouble.


This is actually my daughter over here. Come here. She doesn't have a daddy. It's okay. There's nothing wrong with that. That's okay. She needs to go put on her Halloween jammies. It never right. Do They even fit her? I don't know how to put 'em on her yet. I haven't brought myself to it 'cause I'm scared she's gonna like piss on me. Pooky made her piss the other night. What's like your typical going out night with you guys and then how are you guys meeting guys out in Nashville? What are We doing? Our typical going out night is ordering. I'm so sick of these cars. Our typical going out night was like last night I ordered $80 worth of dominoes just for us to like sit there and like all devour it and then we'll watch tv.


That's really all we do. Have We played Uno? Yeah. Bullshits. Yeah. That's what we do for fun around here. We normally drink wine too with it. If you can't tell she's drinking outta the bottle. That's a classy lady right there. The court is not in No, the court's not in it either. There's Little pieces just floating around. It's okay. It adds Character. I think it adds character too. We prefer barefoot too though. It's cheap. We don't really go out all together though. I don't think We've ever all been out together Besides like the chat Halloween party when, oh Man, Halloween last year was a blur to me. My boots that I bought like the same day to complete my outfit. They're like some really tall like go-go boots and go Sorry, excuse me.


I love saying that. So I got tired of walking around it and my feet were hurting so I took 'em off and I was sitting beside Alyssa 'cause you know I just threw up at that point and Fireball keep it away from me. I told him, I said one more shot and y'all taking care of her. I was not Uhuh. I fed her be one. No I told y'all y'all gave her one more And I'm done. Dude, I love Fireball. It's like my spiritual calling. She's already Like been over The floor before. They're like the Last one dude I was having a ball before we even left like your apartment. I had so much fun though. Until Pooky called. Yeah, until Pooky called. He had me screaming and crying and throwing up. That's Why I didn't like Pooky. Me and Hailey Sat outside for like 45 minutes and she was like, Fuck you Fuck you just cussing him out and he kept hanging Up on her every time. He was literally out too.


And then she'd Called him again. See I'm giving hope right here. Your like two or three year long situationship can turn into something more. I'm giving hope to the delusional girlies right now. Well the thing is I blocked Pookie's number before she even started calling Him again. He was having fun. The same thing I was, I'm just dramatic except She was at a frat party. He was at a bar with his friends. Was this Harley or Hailey? This is Harley. Harley. Harley came out. When Harley comes out, there's no you go rush. You can Talk Tuah her but she's Not all there. You gotta explain what Harley is. Harley Is your alter ego that When I drink dark liquor that is Harley. Yeah, once Harley comes out there's no gun back until Harley is Done put down. Got some Halloween costumes of you my boy.


What? Why are they in like a work suit? Like what is that Hot two jumpsuit? I think they should do like a mask. I think it Should be like the outfit that you wore that night. I know what is love with Johnny and them wanting to like chop that up and sell it in little pieces. No one will ever get my sheen skirt. I live by that thing. No one will ever get it. You still wear that a lot? Actually it was $3. No one's ever gonna get it. And your Sheen top This is a hell of a podcast set up Oh Yeah the cow field. Okay. In case you're wondering where my porch is, it's out in BFE Bumfuck Egypt. There's literally a cow field over there and they're just, I guess living their best life. This is a This is a crazy conspiracy theory.


I don't know if you've seen this quick Shot of hands. If you wanna turn $1 into a thousand dollars, listen up. So the last episode I told you about Betr Picks the best daily fantasy. Well I played that thing in the first week at NFL and it was so much fun. All you have to do is pick two or more players and predict how they're gonna play and you've got a chance to win up to a thousand times your money. It's literally that simple. And here's my promise to you. I will be hitting that a thousand x lineup before the season's over. So download better and play Betr. Picks. Wait Till y'all find out she's low-key. A former Israel soldier. Cos how do you say that? Cos cosplay. Cosplay a southern bell after a billionaire. Dad hired a PR firm to scrub her past off the internet. Partic. Particularly her old TikTok where she ain't even speak English, let alone had a fake ass southern accent.


A fake ass southern accent. You know there's times I wish I didn't have an accent. Let, let me just see what I down Her talking about it. You hold my bottle. Okay. Tribu. Who sent you? You're onto me. You're so good. How'd you catch me? Stupid Ass. People are so ignorant. Like where do you sit here and come up with this shit like out of the time of day? Where do you have a time of day to sit here and come up with shit like this? I wish I was a soldier. I feel like it'd be kind of fun. I feel like going to the Marines and stuff would be really fun. I feel like I could do it but I wouldn't. I wouldn't be serious. You know you don't spot. Like I'd flip a tank over if I drove it.


You walk out be like, wait, who am I supposed to shoot? That's exactly what you would Do. I couldn't do that. I'd walk out, be like, okay, he's kind of cute. I don't wanna shoot him. No you would. I don't wanna kill him. You know I'd be like, I should hook him up with Maddy. I try to go over there and like hook him up with Maddy and he'd shoot my ass. I'd be done internet. Particularly how old TikTok where she ain't, she ain't even speak English, let alone had a fake ass Southern accent. Uhoh. Here comes Granny. Granny. Oh she can't even get in Granny's here. We're broadcasting Everybody. This is Granny in case you haven't met her. This is where my mouth comes from. You're the best Cook. Do you know in here me? Yeah. No. Yeah, I came to see you. Did you? Oh. Oh, do I eat enough?


We need to get this out here. Do I eat enough? What Do you mean? Do you Eat enough? Do I eat enough? How much do I eat? Well I guess you eat till you get full. Everybody says I need to eat more 'cause I'm shaped like a chopstick kind of. Nah, You don't need, you don't need to eat too much more. Yeah, you Eat fat. We're drinking that liquor that was in the fridge. What liquor Y'all drunk? I dunno if I drunk. Have you tried this? Uhuh Get you a sip? It's got a corkscrew in it but It's extra flavor. What do you, I don't know If she asked me the other day, I just kind of put it in the fridge. I didn't think nothing about it. She said who's liquor is that in their fridge? And I liquor, I went in there and looked. I was like, oh that's wine. I ain't no liquor.


Y'all drink all that. No, I don't want none of that stuff. No. There's a cork floating around didn't it? Do you drink wine Granny? Nope. I don't drink. Period. That's how I lived to be 80 years old. We told her she needed to start smoking her a joint. She'd feel better. What are your secrets to youth? How do you stay so well? I guess with all these Grand Youngs Younguns and Grand Youngs. You know young you, you've got got four young ones, nine Grand Youngs. And I don't how many great Grand Youngs. I'd have to stop and count 'em. Were you, were you surprised when she got famous? She didn't tell me for a week. I think I was A little bit more than that.


No, it was longer than a week. It Was like two ish. Say they know more than I do. I'm not gonna show her no more. She was, she was scared to tell me she's afraid I'd get on her. For what? She's saying You thought I was funny? I was Say, I thought you thought it was funny. And then I gotta think about, well I guess if she don't say anymore or do any more, well I ain't got nothing to worry about. Well actually, Yeah, I just turned the last little remark you made. Which one? What was it? Something about something being what? Something in a hole and Oh, what was it?


The stove I was on the radio. On radio? Yes. Wait, did you hear radio? You can blame Johnny for that. Johnny's like, that's funny. Say that. What You, you came up with it though. That's all you tell him. What'd you say? I said what's all or how did I word it? What's good for the whole, what's good for the whole and all was good for the soul. I was on the radio here. Tell 'em about the telemarketers. What about, Tell 'em what you say to 'em. Power outta Me. No, that ain't what you say to 'em. That ain't very nice. Yeah And telemarketers was qui the crap out of me. Look, she's putting a filter on now. You outta hear early, early in the morning.


You're gonna take that filter off. Tell him bad. Granny Scared him to death. You know that movie Bad Grandpa? Yeah, that's, they ain't got shit on Bad Granny. I'd hate To be the telemarketer on the Fuck. you. I got 18 one day 18 calls. They drive her nuts. Oh gosh. That phone is always Ringing. Oh Yeah. It drive you nuts when you're trying to sleep in at the ash crack of dawn too. Yeah. I don't blame you. I'd Say the same thing. What am I cooking? Why'd you start saying, oh I know, I said what do you say to the teleworkers? Quit fucking calling me Godda to hell call somebody else every once in a while. I'm tired of you calling me.


What's your favorite thing about Haley? Don't look at me like that. It's a smart ass mouth ain't it? Haley's. Haley's This is my granddaughter. She stays here with me, takes care of me. Aw, shucks. Don't, don't, she's sweet. Don't talk about me like that. Sweet as I can be. Now you're bluffing right there. Hailey. Just help. Okay. She making you look good. That's why I said she just, she just, my granddaughter Now put the camera down and ask her what she really says and she's About nine months old. Yeah. Put the camera down and ask her what she really thinks about me. I'm gonna cry. I know this story.


It makes me emotional too. I don't know why but she's very independent. Very independent. Word. That's out. Go ahead tell 'em you independent too now. You don't need a man for shit. Tell him. Well I guess that's why I ain't got one. You're damn right. Me And you both Grant. I know That's right. Now she's always told Me let's do our own thing. We don't need no man to do it. Faron do. Yeah, right Now you have always told me not to ever bring you a man home unless he's got one foot in the grave and the other on a banana peeling. That's right. That's right. And I ain't seen one yet. And He is got a shit ton of money so he can just slip right into his grave and leave her all his money. Now I live by that.


All my secrets. Yeah, it looks like it. I'm kidding now. I don't want money. I don't need a man for shit. I just got one 'cause I got one. Do you like Pooky? I guess I hadn't met him two or three times. Yeah, but I guess poofy is all right. Yeah. Grand. You get Married. When did I what? What age Were you when you got Married? I was 17 years old. Eh, I got a little bit to lose. Yeah, I Did too. I I, I wouldn't advise it. Yeah. I wait till you're about 37. 37 Already. What about never. Never. I'd be better. What's granny's alter ego when she gets mad? Huh? Gran.


Brenda. Brenda? That's Brenda. Brenda, Jane. No. Granny gets mad. She's Brenda. That ain't Granny no more. That's Brenda amazing. She wanna Talk Tuah about. Yeah, let's get, Let's get, yeah. This is Miss Gran Jane and I've had her since she was a baby. She likes apples. If you can't tell, she's gonna give you a little as SMR. You like that? Yeah. She likes that. And that's a wrap on this episode and I. hope you guys had fun hanging out with me and my hometown and Make. sure. you like, comment, subscribe on this podcast.