
What's up y'all? Welcome, back to Talk TUAH.


Better original. Download better. And play Betr Picks Thank you for tuning in I. hope you've been enjoying the show. Make sure you're subscribed wherever you're listening. Now, And, leave me a five star review. I wanna hear what you think of today's episode, so be sure to leave me a comment too. Welcome back to Talk Like. an emphasis on it. Like, so I get that. Mark Cuban's a genius and he's good with money and all that, all these big business moves, but why doesn't he just play Betr Picks? Chelsea, did you know that you can win up to 2000 times your money on Betr Picks? No way. Yeah. All NFL season long, you can literally turn $10 into 20,000 all season long. The business world's cool and all, but me, I just play Betr Picks, hit some 2000 x lineups and have a ton of fun winning money. Download better and play Betr Picks. If you wanna win 2000 times your money, download. Better play. Betr Picks.


Hello. And Welcome. Back to Talk. Tuah. I got Miss Chelsea and then Mark. Cuban. We give him a clap. You guys gonna the fight tonight? You sitting for the pipe? Yeah. Cool. You going? That's, you know, I was going to, but my son's got a, a basketball game. It's his first game of the season, and so we were both gonna go, he's 15 and I was like, and I've known Mike A. Little bit, and so they invited me to sit down and everything. I gotta go to his game. That's, you know. Yeah. You team Mike. Well, you got Team Michael. Yeah, I mean, I, I know him. I was getting Logan and Jake. I'll tell you my Logan and Jake story real quick. Okay. So when they were 15 or six, no, it was 18, they emailed me and they were telling me all about their business.


And I'm like, this sucks. And I literally told 'em, I gave 'em advice, like, here's what you should be doing and everything. And we went, we started going back and forth and they started giving me shit, you know, the little Paul brothers, you know, pre all the tattoos and all the shit. Right. And so, gave him my advice as best as I could. And you know, I, I don't think they ended up going into that business, but when I did Jake's, I always get the two, which Logan's got the podcast, right? Both Got one. They both have a podcast. Both of which one's fighting tonight? Jake. Jake. Jake is fighting. So I was on Logan's podcast, right? Okay. Yeah, so, and I, I still have the email. So we looked it up and we were going back and forth at it. So yeah, so that's my history with him going back. It's crazy. Like kids will email me, adults, whatever, just asking for business advice.


And so if I can help him, you know, just like we kind of talked, you know, Damn. Yeah, that helped a whole lot. Yeah. Yeah. But I'll try to help where I can Hear me out. Okay. Fire away. Okay. You got POOKIE Pickles. Yeah, but you do. Hey, you know, it could work outta Tennessee. You guys make pickles in Tennessee, so, so Would you invest In it? No, No, that was great. That was last. You know what, I'm not investing in anything named Pickle after a guy. It's just Okay. That, well, okay, that's fair enough. Fair enough. Not gonna have, but would you at least Try one Oh? yeah. I love pickles. Okay, So what if we changed the name?


Yeah. You know, pickles is a tough business. We had someone come on Shark Tank and they had this pickle business and they did okay. But because anybody can make pickles, It's actually actually supposed to increase in the next four years. The pickle industry. Yeah. Yes. Like you literally did that research. Yeah, I'm a little prepared. A little bit prepared. That was great. Well see I learned something new already. No, you know, just because it's a big industry also means there's a lot of competition. Yeah, yeah. If it's 16 billion, you know, and you got Pookies pickles coming in, you gotta have an angle like you gonna pray POOKIE around and you know, have, have, yeah. Your guy just go sell his pickle everywhere. You have a different way of putting that Thank. you, you know, I didn't look at it that way, you know, I'm glad you put it that way, you Know, but hey, that's a good pickles and you just gotta start somewhere, you know?


And you got, you got the platform to sell it. You think that's your audience? The pickle audience? I guess so, yeah. Okay. We'll see. You give it a try. I could working. Yeah. So you like, you just do like, you know, like a poll and just say, would you buy Pookie's Pickles? You got a better name? Not really. It's actually a good name. I just can't invest. It's actually a great name. It's actually, I mean, you know, your boyfriend is Pickle, so you got something to, to talk about and, and you know, yuck it up about all the time. And so you can always have a reason to talk about it's true. And when you have a good reason to talk about your product, that's always a good thing. But I just wouldn't feel comfortable. No, I'm now you put it that way, you should because I don't wanna be selling my man's PE that she put it that way.


You should be. It's cool, right? Because that's the hard part with the product a lot of time, particularly when you're in a 13, going to $16 billion market, right? You want to be, to give people a reason to talk about it. And if your boyfriend wasn't named POOKIE, you know, if it goes bad, you can give another nickname. You know, I need you to come up with a name. Oh man, pickles ain't Haliey Chelsea, Chelsea's di, there You go. Eat my pickles, eat my Pickle. I don't know, you know my pickle. Okay, so Cookies, pickles actually is a good Name. So if you had any other ideas for her to like, come up with her own product, what would it Be? Hear me out granny panties.


No, I mean, look, There you go. You got, you got an audience, right? That loves you. And so that's, that's the whole thing. I mean, something that I think, you know, just from the outside looking in, right? I think why you've been so successful is that you're authentic Thank you, you know, no FOR, REAL, FOR, REAL. You are who you are, right? You smile, you know, you don't try to push things on people, you don't, you know, some people are always on, you know, you've been around those people now where they're just like always like they have this image they're trying to, to put out there and they're not just, they're just not themselves. Yeah. And when you Talk Tuah 'em, it's hard to Talk Tuah those people because they're always thinking about what angle they have to take and what angle you're trying to take. But I don't get that sense from watching the, the podcast and you know, just the little interactions we've had.


You're authentic and that's, you wanna find things that you like, and products that you love and you like, or that you want something that you think you need that people that you know, would relate to. Because then it's easy for you to sell it. You know, Hey, I came up with this, it's because I needed it and I love it and I'm sharing it with you. Not because I'm trying to, you know, sell zillions of them. I hope I do, but because if I need it, there's a good chance that all the people who follow me here need it. Well, they might need it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So when you get along those lines, then, then you start finding things that really work. You know, it's like where all the companies I've ever had that have been successful have come from solving a problem or having a product that works out really that people really need.


You know, I started after that job as a bartender, I started a computer company-wise, I still sleeping on the floor broke where I helped people learn how to use their PCs and wrote software form. And then after that I started this company called AudioNet, which was the very first streaming company. It started like right there across the street, Oh Yeah. So it was like, we went to Indiana University and Oh, no Hoosiers, and there was no way to listen to Indiana basketball games down here in Dallas. So it's like, okay, I'm, I'm the tech geek, can I figure out a way to do it? And that's how the whole streaming business started and then grew that, you know, and sold it and did really well with it started the first all high definition TV network because I saw a high definition demo and I was like, that shit's cool.


Yeah. You know, back when, you know, now a, a big screen tv like, we got up there is nothing, right? You can buy it for a couple hundred dollars. But back then people thought it was too expensive. But I was like, okay, it's gonna change. And then, you know, now I've got a drug company cost plus drugs because the whole industry is just fucked up, you know? So when we looked at that industry, it was like, okay, nobody really knows what medications cost anymore. Like for your grandma or, you know, your whoever, right? She's, she's got medications and she doesn't know what they cost. You know, she doesn't know if she can buy 'em for less than her deductible. More than her deductible. And people stress about all that. I mean, everybody's stresses. You don't know what your costs are going to be.


So if you go to cost plus drugs.com, you put in the name of the medication. If, if it's one of the 2,500 we carry, we show you our cost, we show you, we only mark it up 15%. And more often than not, the price is gonna be really, really low. And it's just blown up. I mean, it's just gone nuts. But the the bigger point is like, if you find something that's important to you or find something that you can do, because you guys are so authentic, you can make it work. And because you're so interactive, you know, you Talk Tuah people, you're out around people, you're, you're, you're hearing feedback from people, you're, that's the best spot to be in because they'll tell you, you know, just like when people ask you about, because people are pitching you shit all the time now. Yeah. You guys hear it all day every day.


Yes. And you'll tell 'em what you think, you know, or you'll just like, you know, I'm the same way. No, that's not for me. Or I don't wanna be in that business. But if it, you know, if it hits a cord, it's like, oh shit, that's not a bad idea. Yeah. And that's how great businesses start isn't not good on your nerves. People like pitching you all the time, you know? It did for a little bit, but I figure it's just like a good problem to have. Yeah. You know? 'cause I've been on both sides, you know, I've been where I've come home and the lights are turned off and my credit cards are cut up and the bill collectors are calling. And that sucks. You know? And just being on this side now is nice. Yeah. It's nice. It's nice isn't, you know, and I figured, you know, since I've been on both sides, if, if I can help somebody and give them some feedback, but now, now sometimes they're like, you know, I'm in the John somewhere at a game or whatever.


Yeah. You're Mark Cuban. Hey, I got this idea. Like, wash your hands. Oh Yeah.


I'm so excited to Talk Tuah. What? I got you for Christmas. Oh, you're gonna tell him? You Want me to go ahead and tell you? Sure. I got you. The chairman Pro Electric full shaver from Manscaped dot com. Did you? I did. Are you trying to tell me something? Yes. I need to shave your back Really bad. It's not that bad. It's pretty bad. And ladies, if you're looking for the most perfect gift for your man in your life, well I got something special for you. Manscaped latest innovation, the chairman, pro Electric full shaver. The ultimate tool that brings a luxury shave right to the comfort of his own bathroom. I might just go ahead and give it to you today. What? It's that bad. It's a little outta hand. Looks like a jungle back there. And the best part, the Chairman pro is zy with precision and effortless style. So head over to manscape.com and have him join over the 11 million men who Trust Manscape using Code Tuah for 20% off and free shipping. Kelby. You know what makes it the best part though? What's that? Comes with two interchangeable blade heads. Both heads are designed to help razor burn and irritation so your skin can stay smooth and comfortable. So what about for travel? I usually have a hard time trying to travel with my shaver. Man, don't even worry about that. It comes with a travel lock. Perfect for weekend getaways or business trips. Oh, I forgot to tell you it's waterproof too. Oh. So I can take it in the shower. So if you're looking for a thoughtful and practical gift that he'll actually use in love, the Chairman Pro is a way to go get 20% off in free shipping with a code Tuah. That's TUAH at manscape.com. That's 20% off in free shipping with a code to it@manscape.com.


The holiday season's here. POOKIE, you know what gets me excited, but makes for a longer to-do list. You know, we got some fun parties, granny Sweet Treats, traveling, stress, and I always get a nasty cold. But you know, it really sucks. Holiday stress can really take a toll on your hair health. That's why I'm adding Nut Nutriful to my daily routine to help improve my hair health. Heading into 2025. Let's make it hair growth season, not just holiday season. Exactly. One of my goals for the New Year's is take better care of my hair health. That's why I'm adding neutrophil to my daily routine. Neutrophil is number one, dermatologist recommended hair growth brand. It's trusted by over 1 million people. See, you're not the only one focusing on your hair health. We got you See thicker, fuller, and stronger hair with less shedding in just three to six months with Neutrophil. It's made by physicians with a hundred percent drug-free ingredients and supports healthy hair growth within people. It targets causes of thinning hair like stress hormones, aging with a neutrophil subscription. It makes building a hair growth routine simple, which we're all about here on Talk. Tuah purchase online, no prescription needed. You'll get those automatic deliveries and free shipping to help keep you on track if you're forgetful like me. Plus you can save up to 20% and it comes with free extras. Who doesn't like free ship? And you'll have free access to naturopathic doctor consoles and Headspace membership is included for a limited time. Nutriful is offering our listeners $10 off your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to nut nutriful.com. And enter the promo talk Tuah, find out over 4,500 healthcare professionals and stylish recommend Nut nutriful for healthier hair nut nutriful.com. Spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com. Promo code talk Tuah. That's nut nutriful.com promo code Talk Tuah 'em.


It's just like, what, what, what do you do if you're 22, 25 years old? You know, it's hard. You know, finding the job you want is harder. Putting together a career that you know, makes you feel confident is harder. And then talking when everybody's just looking down right. Is just a lot harder. Because, I mean, like media's always been media, but now everybody's on the, you know, like me, I'm on TikTok, I'm on Instagram, but I'm married. I'm good. Right? Yeah. How'd you meet your wife? At the gym? At the gym. At the gym where? Where I just was this morning. Yeah. Premier, premier club. I, I played play pickup a lot and one of my buddies was dating her sister and she was like, never dates. Yeah. So she's like, you gotta meet this hot girl.


and she was on the bike. I'm like, okay. And walked up and said, said hi. You know, saw her again, asked her out. And we've been married 22 years. Three kids. What Was your first date? Like? Our first day was going to this restaurant slash bar. And you know how guys have a thing, right? Where they've got their, their approach. So my thing was to buy a bottle of champagne and just like, I figured, you know, just, okay. But that's good though. Yeah. But it wasn't the, it was, it was good. Champagne wasn't like, oh my god, champagne. But, and just sit there and, you know, 'cause then every time she said something interesting or I was lying and, and pretending it was interesting, you know, you could Oh Yeah, you could click your glasses right?


And say, oh, that's really cool, da da da da da. So that was the first one. And then we went to the movie Liar Liar with Jim Carrey way back when. And so that's kind of like when it, it really first clicked 22 Years. Yeah. You got any Kids? 15, 18, and 21. So my youngest is Jake, he's a freshman in high school. My middle one's Alyssa, she's a senior. My oldest is Alexis, she's a Vanderbilt. Good deal. Yeah. It's really cool. They're great kids. Thank you most of the time. What's she gonna school For? Right? It's econ it's be behavioral thing, but I think she wants to get into business. But like, like I tell all of them, you don't have to have the answers right now.


Yeah. You just, you know, just try different things. You just never know what's going to hit. And just find, find out things you'd like to do. You know, you don't, you're 22, you don't know shit. Right? Yeah. I think Maddie back there needed to hear that there shaking her, her head Like, okay. Yeah. So, yeah. So it's cool, you know, but it's, it's, it's easy to like, give advice, but it's obviously they have to be the ones that live it. Yeah. And it's not hard being my kid. I mean, it's not easy being my kid either, you know? 'cause it's like Oh Yeah, you're rich, you know, and oh, you're this, And they think they gotta live up to you. Yeah. And this and that. Right. And it's just like, I, I feel bad a lot and you know, I try to get 'em to talk about it and they're just no. You know?


But, but because they're typical like one's 21 when the other two are teenagers and it's like they're, they're just going to, we just try to let 'em be themselves and grow into the people they need to grow into. But it's, it's still, it's not easy for em. Yeah. So did you grow up in like a wealthy family? No. Hell no. Oh? no. Neither. No. No. Like my, neither one of my parents went to college. Grew up in Pittsburgh. And I know you guys have Wiz on. Yes. Yes. So I was born maybe three blocks away from Wiz where he was born. Not the same time, obviously. Oh Yeah, yeah. Right. But about three blocks away in Squirrel Hill. And, but my dad did upholstery on cars and chairs. So if there was a rip in the seat, he would take it to where he worked. My mom just did odd jobs and bounced around.


My mom was 20 when I was born. And so it was just, you know, my dad. I mean, we, we had a good family, don't get me wrong. I mean, won't change it for the world, but it, you know, it wasn't like everything was easy, you know? Right. It was like, if I'm in the shower too long, they're yelling at me. Yeah, I understand that. Yeah. Right. And just all the, the normal family stuff. But we had a great family. I have two younger brothers. They both followed me down here to Dallas. And you know, the rest is history. Heck yeah. Does everybody else live in Dallas with You? My two brothers and pretty much it, you know, my parents died a few years ago, but I've got cousins still in Pittsburgh. But that's it. I mean, it's just my local family. And then my, my wife's in-laws.


Heck you in-Law. Yeah. So outta everything. What made you just say Texas? Was it That's where I'm gonna live at? Yeah. Just because, I mean, I had friends, I had a place to stay and my car would make it. I had an old Fiat with a hole in the floorboard and literally like every 60 miles you had to put oil in and all that kind. It was one of those cars, you know, if you hit a certain speed limit, it started to shake some. You guys never had to deal with that, have you? I have. She has. Yeah. She doesn't get her oil change though, so that's her excuse. It was my fault. Yeah. So it was just like, click and pouring in. But it was, my car could make it. I wanted to go someplace warm. It wouldn't make it to LA and so it wouldn't make it to Miami. So I had my friends down here and they were like, it's cool, you know, economy's good.


Women are are nice. Get your ass down here, Thank. you. And I thought, you know, I got a job pretty fast working at a, a club called A Lawns as a bartender and Barback and stayed in it. It was a shit hall. I mean, can you imagine six guys in a three bedroom apartment? Apartment? Yeah. Oh. Yeah. He probably could. Yeah. It's, it's nasty as hell. Right. It's just nasty, smelly. But it was like, it, it was great because now, you know, we're all still really good friends and everything. And that group of Dallas guys are still my good friends. And I, I played rugby at Indiana and so those guys are still my best friends. So, I mean, it, it's, it, there's nothing like spectacular about it. If you would've told me when I first moved here that all this shit would happen to me.


Yeah. I would've laughed at you. I was like, just like, no fucking way. I mean, it's just like, you know where, where you guys are at now, you know? Yeah. I mean like, I count my lucky stars every day because, you know, if you would've seen me growing up, no way. Right? Yeah. If you would've seen me when I first got here. No way. Now I had my hustles, you know, along the way. Like, I opened up a bar before I was old enough to drink at Indiana, right across the street. It was, it was right across the street from Nick's. It was, it was called Motley's Pub. And it was, I'm trying to think, you know, you go across the street from Nick's and there's the above the upstairs pub dunk was Dunkirks. Yeah, Dunkirk, right? Yeah. The Dunkirk. So when you were there, so you walked down the street and it was all the wood.


That was my bar. I opened that up. But yeah, so I opened a bar on campus. I took my financial aid money and some, well, some of my friends put in some money and we opened up a bar and it was great. So This Is like, while y'all were in college While I was in college my senior year. Yeah. I bet that was fun. Oh God. I bet that was fun. God, It was outta control. But then I, I hadn't turned 21. I turned 21 after we opened and it was like, I let all my friends in and we got busted. Oh. And so they shut us down. Yep. That'll do it. Which is probably the best thing that ever happened to me. Was that your hangout spot, Oh? yeah, for sure. I had so much fun. Oh my God. But anyways, that's a different conversation. Yeah. This senior year in college. Yeah. Were You wild as a teenager? As a teenager? No.


Like if you would see pictures of me like I'm six two, we'll find out how tall I still am. Right? Yeah. But back then, like when I was 16, I was five 10. I weighed more than I weighed more than I do now. Like I said, my parents didn't really have any money. And I was one time when I was playing baseball out in the street. I was running down the street after a ball bike was coming this way. Did see it. The handlebars hit me right in the mouth. And these two teeth down here are caps. They were cut in half. But my parents didn't have enough money to get me caps that were the same color as my other teeth. So, no lie, like if you look at my senior picture, I mean like, people used to go like this when I smiled. So I mean, if, if I showed you a picture of me when I was 16, you'd be like, oh My, I've gotta see one now.


Oh, I'm curious to see one too. Do you got a picture This like, I've never ever lived this down. Hold on. Have you ever had braces? No. I had braces for five years. Yeah, that was, they were rough. How old were you? I'm 21. No, when you had the braces. I got 'em when I was, let's see, seventh grade. So 12 or 13. Oh, that's, that's tough. One or the other. You were brace based MI space. Yeah. My team needed some help. What kind of mistakes did you make when you first started? Well, when I first made money, I was really conservative with it, which was good and bad.


Like I told my, this guy I know was a stockbroker for Goldman Sachs and he took my account and I had made $2 million after, sold my first business. And I told him I wanted to invest like a 60-year-old man because I didn't wanna lose it because I want my whole attitude, like when I was really grinding it out, that first business Micro Solutions, I went seven years without a vacation. And so my whole thing was I wanted to be able to retire and I didn't need to retire like big. I didn't need to big time it, you know, I wanted, I didn't care if I lived like a student forever. Literally. I was cool with it. And so I did two things. I bought a lifetime pass on American Airlines where I literally, for 125 grand, me and somebody else could just take this card and go to the American Airlines counter and go anywhere.


They, they had a flight going. They do that. They don't do it anymore. Thing I was gonna say, no, it was insane. I, I'm not spending that much money, I'd be sick. Oh, no, no for this. 'cause I traveled a lot for work and stuff, but still it was like my, that was my big present to myself. But like now, if I were in the same spot with interest rates at 5%, I probably put most of it in a money market account and just let it earn the 5%. Because you're young right now. And, but you still want to just, you don't wanna stress about it. You know, so many people like you, they get a broker and they put it in all these different stocks and then you stress about it.


Like it goes up, it's great, but if it goes down, you're like, oh shit, you know, what am I gonna do? And I was always at the attitude. I don't want to be in that position. I want to have my base. And then, you know, I took, you know, 10% of it, 15% of it, and just, that's what I put into stocks, you know, and put it into just a stock like the Dow Jones or the SPX. Right. These stock indexes. And then that's fine. Now most people would tell you to do the opposite. Most people would tell you to because you're young and over a long period of time, the stock market is going to keep on going up, which is true. You know. And, but I was really risk avoidance. I, I just, I wanted the peace of mind more than anything else. And like I said, I was willing to live like a student.


And to me, $2 million was more than I had ever seen or could ever possibly imagine seeing. And you're probably in the same spot right now. Yeah. You know, it's unusual. Yeah. Right. And it's just like, it's very unusual. So, you know, find whatever it is that you feel like, okay, This is my nest egg. And just put that in money market. And while interest rates are where they're at, like 5% or whatever, just let 'em make 5% a year. And it's not like it's gonna make you a killing, but interest will compound. Right. It'll make 5%, then 5% on top of that and 5% on for as long as interest rates are there. And then once you've got that, that nest, then start taking new money that comes in. Like, okay, I just did this sponsorship deal, or I just brought in, you know, made money off of this.


Then you can put it into an, you know, the SPX or a stock index and then if it goes up or down, whatever, as long as you keep on putting money in over time, it'll work out for you. But I'm always a big believer. You want that nesting. Yeah. Because look, it's a crazy world and you just don't know when it could just, you know, when, you know, one minute is you're rolling and the next minute you're fucked. And I mean, even I'm, I mean I'm, I'm the luckiest motherfucker on the planet, right? Yeah. Yeah. And, and that still still scares me. You know, it is just 'cause you just don't know what's gonna happen or you know, somebody gets, you just don't know. How old were you when you hit a billion Dollars? I'm 40, 39. 39 39. Hell Yeah.


Hell yeah. I was right. What's The craziest thing you've bought? Two jets. I knew it. I knew it. I was telling y'all one of you. I think it was Johnny I was like, is he's gonna say a jet or something? Yeah. I just know it. Yeah. Because like time is like the the one thing you can't get back. Yeah. You know, there's no amount of money I can pay to be 21 years old again. That's true. And just every, every day. Even though people think I act that way sometimes, but just every day I can save myself time and pick up time, you know, and work on my own time. Like when I sold that first company, I, I didn't wear a watch again until I got an iWatch for workouts. You know, because I always felt like if I wore a watch, I had to be on somebody else's time.


You're onto something. Here you are. What was the first purchase you made when you made money? Oh, I got granny a new vacuum cleaner. You got a new vacuum cleaner? Yeah. It's got a light on it. It's pretty cool. That's even better, right? Don't Even use It. I do. What's it one thing you wanna buy? A lake house? Not opposed to that either. LA cows And a boat. Wait. Cows to put in LA Or, oh, a lake house. Lake House. Oh, a lake house. I thought you said LA cows. I'm like Lake Cow. Okay. Do they have cows in la? I don't think, no. I don't think they have cows in there. That was that why I was like, I haven't seen one. Okay, that's, that's cool. I didn't think they had horses there either until they took me to go see some And I was like, what? What? I Didn't think it made sense. But What do you want a lake house at? Well, it's not far from like where we live at. It's maybe like an hour. It's in Winchester so it's nice out there.


So I'm starting to learn Tennessee a little bit now. 'cause I go to Nashville. My daughter's there. Just found out more about Gatten, Gatlinburg. Gatlinsburg Ga Gatlinburg Gatlinburg. Yeah. With Dolly World. And what else There and all the mountains and everything. Like fishing Forge. Yeah. Yeah. And so Everybody likes it that goes there. The most part. Yeah, that's, she wanted to be able to drive up there, but she was, had to deal with her classes. So we were talking about that yesterday. You didn't go Dollywood? Yeah. No. Dollywood. Dollywood where? Yeah. Dollywood, whatever. Yeah. I like Tennessee. I mean, do you think you gonna stay there? Yeah, I'm gonna Stay there. That's home. Home forever. Oh. Yeah. Do you ever go on Broadway at all? Not anymore. Not anymore. Yeah. I mean, 'cause it's gotta be crazy now. Yeah. Yeah. It traumatized me a little bit.


So how, going Back, how do you think you would react if your daughter was in Hailey's shoes? I would be cool with it. You think so? Yeah, because it's not, I mean, people say stuff everybody does, you know, but how you deal with it is the more important part. And you went with it. Like, I remember, you know, seeing interviews with you and you're like, I'm gonna use my 15 minutes to the best I can. Yeah. You know, I'm gonna take advantage of this and I'm gonna love every minute of it. And just the fact that, you know, you want to love every minute of your life. That's amazing. No FOR REAL though. Right? You know how how many people do you guys run into are just pissed off of every, at everything.


Right? And there's something wrong and it's somebody's excuse and whatever it is. But you know, you know, here you are. Right? And it, now you're turning it from 15 minutes into a business, into, you know, a brand. I mean, so my daughter was able to do that. I mean, the hard part just 'cause I'm sure you know, there were times when you questioned yourself. I still do to this day. What do you question yourself about? I'm just like, do I even wanna do this still? Is it worth it? So, and what do you think? I don't know. I'm kind of conflicted about it. Why, why do you think It's not like I miss like having like a quiet little life kind. But I love everything I do every day. So, And that's the cool part, right? And so, you know, for me it's like every day is a new opportunity.


There's just, 'cause the one thing con that's constant in life is change. You know? And it, it's nice to have a base like this, you know? But you don't, you don't, one says you have to do anything forever. Yeah. You know, you'll pick your spots and as new things come along, I mean, that's been your whole life, you know, so far where something's changed. You've been able to say, okay, I'm going with it. And most people, you know, don't have that. Most people are like, This is who I am or This is what I expect. Or This is what's expected of me. And you've been like, fuck that. Yeah. Most people don't have that skill. Most people don't have that to that shit to 'em. Right. Seriously. You've gotta be able to say fuck it, you know? 'cause Mo, if you can't, what do you got?


Nothing. You know, you got, you got no place to go. And, and so, you know, that's why, that's why I wanted to do the podcast because you guys are like setting your own turf. And like when I, like you're going into the fight tonight. You're just fucking having fun. Yeah. That's what you're supposed to do. You know? So I did the show called Dancing with the Stars. Have you ever heard of It? You danced Oh? yeah. Oh Yeah. I also, I also co-wrote a country song that's coming out. Uhuh What? Yes. Yeah. You didn't know it yet. It's being premiered on Shark Tank next Friday. You co-wrote it. Co-wrote it With who? A guy named Kevin Mack. A country singer named Kevin Mack. So go to Spotify. Hopefully by the time this airs it'll all be up there. It's called One Night, one Bar.


Yeah. Are you singing in it? I do. In the live version for Shark Tank. I just harmonize. I can't sing more shit.


Curious about Ozempic or Wegovy. but not sure if your insurance covers it. If you've heard of Ozempic or Wegovy, you've probably heard three things. They're effective, they're expensive and they're hard to get. That's where RO comes in. Ro can help you understand if GLP ones are right for you and your goals. But that's just the beginning. RO members have support throughout the process. That means no insurance paperwork and you'll have access to your provider on demand for any kind of questions. Plus you can sign up online from the comfort of your own home. So no waiting for an in-person, doctor's appointment, no commute to the doctor's office and no waiting rooms. Join the over 250,000 people who have already chosen row to access GLP ones Go to ro dot co slash tua to find out if you're covered for free. That's ro.co/ tua Go to ro dot co slash safety for boxed warning and full safety information prescription only.


Man, I love the holiday season, but it's just hard sometimes to find some downtime. It really is when your family comes into town, especially for the holiday season And you know better than anybody else, I need my chill time. That's why I like buying hemp gummies after a long day. I especially need 'em this holiday season. I love that they're made with natural ingredients too and they don't make me feel groggy in the morning. Wow. That sounds awesome. You think I could try some? Well of course they also have zero THC products. If THC isn't for you, you can still take advantage of their CBD line. When products designed for sleep, focus and energy. Oh, I'd be more into those. Actually One of my favorite parts, the product comes from independently owned farms and via ships to nearly all states in the US in discrete packaging, right directly to your door with a worry free guarantee. And no medical card required either plus up to 50% off Select, Items and bundles We'll sure need these to own wine with via after this holiday season. So if you're looking for a way to elevate your wellness routine, check out via hemp at vi.co/tula. So if you're 21 plus check out the link in the description.


Oh, I'm not gonna sing a fuck. No, I don't think there's anything you can't do at this point. No. There's a lot of shit I can't do, but I'm not afraid to be embarrassed. How far did you make it on Dancing With The Stars? I made it halfway through. I beat Floyd Mayweather. No way. Yeah, he is a real Crazy go back and watch. I got Rhythm. I got so Google Mark, Cuban Dancing with the Stars. I actually, people thought I was just gonna be a stiff. Yeah. You know, and I got out there and I can dance. I got rhythm. I could see it. I'm gonna have to go home and watch that now. Yeah. See, after I started watching on tv, I cannot do that. It was the scariest thing I've ever done. That's, I'm what I'm saying, Those very, the scaries thing because when I did it, it, it was This is a while back. It was live. Okay. And This is when TV audiences were a lot bigger.


22 million people were watching. Oh, absolutely. And it was just like the scariest thing I have ever done in my life. Well if I had thoughts of doing it that just went out the window, I will not be doing these. But, but I, you know, like what I was gonna say is like if I, I always ask myself if I'm 95 and I look back, is this something I would've wish I would've done? Or am I gonna be pissed at myself for not having done it? That's exactly what I told You too. Yeah, it is. I was like, you're gonna regret it. You need to come out with like a Christmas album. No, I think it's so good. First I've ever played Republic.


We're the first people hearing the song. I feel special. His voice sounds so familiar. It sounds like what's his name? Yeah. Yeah, that's what I was. I was. That's pretty good.


You just, it's not bad, right? No, I like it. I listen to it in the car. That's something I would listen to. I wrote the lyrics. Yeah. I think we need some more of your voice in it though. What's that? I think we need some more of your voice in it Though. On the live version. You hear me harmonizing? So that'll, that's the one. When that goes out, we're gonna have to go find the live Version. But it's by Kevin Mack and you can get onto Spotify and call your radio station. Tell him to play it. But the cool part, so where this whole thing started was he's got a company called Tick pic, which are like Picks for guitars that when you put 'em on the, the base of the guitar, they stick.


So tick pic, Oh Yeah. So when you're playing Right, you don't drop 'em and all that kind stuff. So he came on Shark Tank and I did a deal with him and we were, we were talking and I'm like, you know, one of the things like I've, I've had movies nominated for Academy Awards of won an Emmy. I've done all these things that are crazy, right? But I've never written a song and I've got this idea for a song. You want to do it with me? He's like, what's the idea? And I'm like, well, when people walk up to me all the time, you know, and say, Hey Mark, you know, do you remember me? And my answer's always, aren't you that one girl from that one night, that one bar. Yeah. Right. That's always say it. Right. And so I'm like, we can turn that into a song. He's like, that's a great chorus line. And then There We Go, no, it is. I Like it.


Yeah. And then it's like I get carried away by looking your eyes. And that was like the, the core part. So there You go. Yeah. Do you guys like it? I, I Liked, I'll listen the car. Cool. Cool. You, you need to start doing that more. Yeah, Well we'll see how this one goes, right? Yeah. I think it's good. But now it depends. So if it comes to hit, I'm thinking y'all, I'm coming back. Yeah. Kevin Mack will come back and play it live for y'all. But yeah, so just like doing things that you're not comfortable with, you know? 'cause I just asked him a question. Obviously, you know, now you're in that position where people will do things that they might not have done for you before but you, you can't be afraid of it. It's just like you've gotta have stuff like that Pookies pickles, if you ever have, I'm sure you're get an act to do acting and stuff like that. So I do have one big dream to be in a scary movie and just get killed.


Right. Why Don? It just makes sense though. Your could do that stuff for you easily. Yeah. Are you gonna do it? I mean, I'm not opposed to it. I really want to You Gotta do it. Yeah. I'll connect you with an agent if, if you're, if your folks can't do it. Like, have you ever heard of the movie Sharknato? I've heard of it. I don't Think I've heard. Yeah. So I, I like, I love doing these cameos movies. Like, so there's a movie coming out, I can't tell you the name of it yet, where Mark Wahlberg shoots me. Shoots you. Just shoots me. And so it was great 'cause it was just little cameo. And so we're sitting at a table and he's talking to this guy and I'm, I, I had had been having lunch with him and he walks up, he starts talking to this guy and I'm Like, hey da da da da da. And all of a sudden he just pulls out a gun Bam.


And just Shoots you. Yeah. The line by the guy I was talking to you just shot Mark Cuban and saw him. But the fun part was they had, they had me die in different ways, you know, so once I was just like that and the other time I had to just fall and the other time, you know, dribble shit outta my mouth and they had the squid. But it was a blast. It was just so much fun. That, that seems like fun. Yeah, it does fun. Right. Is there anything on your bucket list you haven't got to do yet you really wanna do? Well the song was like the, the thing that I had that just top of the list. Yeah. I mean just, just, you know, say fuck it. You know, I just, I don't want to be afraid to do things. The only thing like I don't do is if I think my kids will get pissed at me.


Mark, we have a perfect segment on the show that we're starting to do. It's called, you should have Been there and I think you'd be perfect for it. Cool. Let's Go. It's sponsored by Gametime, which is our favorite place to get all sorts of tickets and live events. So what is your most memorable game concert or any kind of function you've just went to? So mine, I know exactly the exact moment. It was June 12th, 2011 and there were 30 seconds left on the clock. We were in Miami and the Mavs got up 10 against the Miami Heat to win the NBA championship. And that was the exact moment I knew we were gonna be NBA champions. And that is my Gametime moment. It was just the most incredible feeling ever, ever. 'cause we were the underdogs. Nobody expected us to win. It was us versus LeBron and Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosch. And I just remember it just letting out the biggest scream in the history of Screams just at that moment. So it was really cool. And then holding up that trophy man didn't suck. Johnny, Where's his court at? Right here. Oh, you got it. She shot the whole time. Yep. Oh well go. Here's you a card. There you go. I had go right next to my Luca DCH and Dirk Naski and Michael Jordan. Do you know who Luca DCH is? No. I have no idea who that is. Did You follow basketball at all? No. Do you wanna go to an NBA game? I mean, I'm sure I could. Yeah, I Probably like it. Yeah, I'll bring it to a game. Okay. Can have a blast.


So you're obviously really good at giving advice. Who do you go to for advice for yourself? My wife. Your wife? Yeah. Aw. Yeah. What's the best advice she's told you? Shut the fuck up word. You know, I mean, but no, she's really cool. She's, I mean she obviously, she knows me really well now and it's more with kids. Like the thing that I didn't expect in marriage is how we divided up responsibilities. You know? I get like the money and the business side of stuff obviously. But she's got her, she's strict on everything with the kids, you know, when they have to be wearing what they need to be doing or not doing homework.


And because like I come home from work or whatever I'm doing and I'm like, so have you guys done your homework? And they just roll their eyes. My wife is like homework like And they do it Homework. It is, Yeah. They know better. And so it's cool. So no, it's just, yeah, she's, she's my best friend for sure. You got any pets or anything? We have a dog. What's his name? Australian Mini Australian Shepherd. Aw. And Tux is a smart ass dog boy. He is smart. They're Very Smart. Wait, he's a mini Australian shepherd. I have one. Yeah. But they're really smart right? It's just so smart. But they can figure out anything except how to open the door, right? Yeah. Even if there's a little crack in the door, right. They won't figure out how to open it up. I tried training her to close it. 'cause I hate like getting up and she like busts up in the room but she's not clicking.


She's What's your dog's name? Josie. Josie. Josie's nodding. She chases after skunks. She's Not naughty. She is She a good girl. She gets out there with a skunks and then she'll come up in the house. That's like tox Chase. F squirrels. Yeah. Any squirrel, any raccoon anywhere. But they're a dog. Like that's what they're Gonna do. Do. Yeah, they're supposed to do. Yeah, for Sure. Tell me about your dog. Mine. Yeah. I just did Maggie. Oh, Maggie. Maggie. Forget about She's my child. Your child? Yeah. She's like a little white Christy dog. Yeah. I wish she was lying. You like put it in a bag type dog. I bet she would ride Purse. She fit in a bag. Yeah. I don't take her anywhere though. That's one of the first things I've done when I first like started getting money and I got a foundation. No, You know what?


I saw that because you were, you were help supporting different animals, shelters and stuff. Yeah. Which is cool 'cause most people don't think of that for a long foundation. Paws. Across. America. Paws. Across. America. That's a great name. See you're good at names. I just need to go back to the bulletin board for the pickles. No you don't. You can't change your name. That's my new advice. Okay. Don't change the name That I'm not gonna invest 'cause of the name, but I think the name is amazing. See if you get it going, you get any sales, then you come on Shark Tank. They would love to have you pitch it on Shark Tank. That'd be kind of fun. It'd be really, really fun. Fun. You too. Yeah. Millions of people watch it and you get out there and you pitch it and it'll just jack up sales for sure. You got anything you wanna invent? Nobody ever ask you what you wanna come up with.


I Don't ever think about. I'm really just think about stuff for you. No, we need to Come. Come on Chelsea stuff. Something For you. Yeah. Yeah. You got any ideas For me? No, I need you to come up with the ideas. It's gonna take me time. I'll have to sit on it. Thank you. Well you guys, have you guys been friends instance since you were little? Seven or eight high school? Yeah. Years. Yeah. Somewhere in There in school. That's cool. Like in one class in particular or you were the hot girls and Well we cheered together. Yeah, Cheered. There you go. That Makes sense. For the most part, we weren't in trouble. Yeah. Her mama used to get on our ass like every day. Well someone had to. Yeah. Where'd you meet? POOKIE? POOKIE is actually her cousin and her sister introduced us.


That's nice. Yeah. So yeah. And how long y'all been dating? A little over a month. Oh, it's long term, right. So you went back home to lock it up. Okay. Yeah. That's cool. Good for you. Congratulations. Thank you. That is really cool. So Maybe you could do like some pet clothes, pet Clothes for POOKIE. Yeah. We moving a dog collar. Does POOKIE have a Yeah. Okay. See, there you go. Now I know where your mind goes, right? Yeah. I'm not mad at you. It's Everywhere. Yeah. That that's not a bad thing. Does he have any pets? So we just got a European great Dane. We and his, we, well I say we, but it, it was me and I just kind of, hey, he's gonna live with you, you know?


Okay, so he's living with him, right? Yeah. That's a big ass dog. What? Is he still in Tennessee? Yeah. Oh, that was Dave's. Oh, There. We go. You What's up POOKIE here? Yeah, we don't have to hide him anymore. Yeah, I don't have to hide him anymore. Oh, that's right. You, you, you find you work Nice to meet you. Yes. To meet You too. Congrats. Pull the chair. It's good looking guy, right? I, I don't, you know, whatever she likes, man. I don't care. What do you mean? Good guy? Scoot a little closer to you. I don't bite. That's All right. He does bite actually. He's Gonna show me your pickle. Yeah, I don't Plan on it. So that good. That's a good one. That's a good thing. When you think about Pookie's pickles. I don't like it anymore after I just looked at it the way you explained it and now I'm like, what?


I, I really don't mind. I just, whatever she wants, I just do whatever. I just follow Her lead. See he's smart man. When you've been dating somebody a month, it's always just, yes. Well for the most part I don't understand the word no And he tells me no. I'm like what? He normally changes his mind and gives in, she Likes to pinch my ears a lot. Was that your idea? Nope. Did somebody do that to you before? Well, when me and my brothers would fight when we were little, that was like my only defense mechanism I guess. So I'd grab him by his ears until I started bleeding and I'd just like, until They started bleeding. Yeah. That's Crazy. We, we were mean to each other but Like, like real blood. Yeah.


Like I'd grab him by his ears and you can ask him till this day, I can call him now and he'll tell you. I Know why he wears the hat. I'm easy on his ears now. My poor brother, he used to get it so bad for me. How Old are your brothers? So the middle one, he is 26 and then the oldest one is 40. 40. Yeah. My daddy's old Joy Henry. So there's three of you? Yeah. The oldest one's got a different mama though. Oh, okay. You're the second son. Yeah. You and your brother. That's cool though. He wasn't never mean though. The oldest one wasn't. No, I mean why would he be you like you know stepsister I was always the one that would like chase him around the kitchen with a knife. I wasn't the one being chased.


So you make people's ears bleed and you chase people with a knife. Yep. You haven't second thoughts yet? Some days. Some days. Some days He doesn't even get it bad. He's just Dramatic. No, that's cool. He's like a great guy. The ears are just sensitive. It's Just a sensitive spot. And see what spot to say what he say? Party animal. Yes sir. I plan on like when I get like 60 I'll put retired over it. No, no you won't. Maybe I probably cover it up before then. Honestly. I think you should get a like tattoo. Get a tattoo. You got a tattoo? No tattoos. What? No tattoos. I Think you need to get one. You tattoo Poop. Does your daughters have any Tattoos? Tattoo? Tattoo? No. No, no. Are you like against it? No, I'm just, not that I'm against it. I don't want them to get 'em. But I'm not against, like when I grew up, like the people that had two tattoos were like my dad and his friends because they got 'em in the Navy, Oh Yeah and the Air Force and all that.


So it, you know, it wasn't cool. Right. It was to do something that your parents were doing. Yeah. So it was never something I got into. I thought about it, it's just, yeah. 'cause everybody else has got 'em. I'm like, yeah, that's my reason not to. Yeah, my dad talked me outta one I was gonna get like the barbed wire around your arm because Pamela Anderson, If I ever got a tattoo, it was gonna be a heart. And I was gonna say, your here, I'll come up with the ideas, but I, what do you, you know, I was always like your name here. That way you can't go wrong. You can put anybody on it. No, just your name here. Just say your name here. Oh. yeah, your name here. So how, like, how in your mind they, how long they been dating?


You guys been dating? When? When was the first time you started dating? Like officially September 8th. September 4th Of what year? October 4th. So you guys were just you, you guys were party friends back home? Yeah. My dad is Where she's from. I dunno if Friends This is the word you call that situation. Yeah. Yeah. The Way to Explain it. There you go. That's cool. Chelsea, I need to pause the podcast for just a minute. I'm not sure if it really sunk in what I said earlier. So I'm gonna say it again. You can literally turn $10 into 20,000 on Betr Picks 2000 times your money from just watching sports. Can you believe that? Shit dude. For literally just the price of a sandwich.


You can win $20,000. Betr. Picks is crazy. Y'all jump on this before they take it away. Download. Better play. Betr. Picks download. Better play Betr Picks. What was like the most insane rumor you ever read about yourself online? So what? Oh my God. So many rumors that I actually got sued by somebody who said I did a sex tape with Lamar Odom. Kim Kardashian, one of, one of the, one of the other, since you do work. Yeah. One of the other Chloe Kardashian. Kardashian and somebody else. And then another one where somebody said, I had a kid with this lady.


And they would show pictures. I was at the American Music Awards and she took a picture and I was in the background with Damon John. And This is, you know, baby drama mama, baby mama drama. Baby mama drama. Yeah, baby mama drama. I'm like, what the Fuck? you know, it's just, it comes with the turf course. I saw something one day. I was like, the Simpsons predicted me. And I was like, okay, You should try to be, I I was on The Simpsons. What? On it? It was so cool. It was so much fun. So much fun. So I was season eight? No, it was later than that. When am I talking? It was 2008.


And they asked me to do it and they just put me in a box in this audio enclosure and they, my whole line was, I'm outta my mind. Right? I'm outta my mind. So they kept on saying, just yell it and I would yell it and they're like, no, you gotta yell it louder. I'm like, what? So the whole time I just kept on screaming. I'm outta my mind. That was like my whole Simpsons episode. But it shows up. And it was also Bart and the Bees part of that episode. Bart, the Bees Bart and the Bees. And so, yeah, so Google, it was so much fun. Like I don't like if I get stuff that, even if it's stupid, but it's just unique, I'll do it. You know? Have you done any other like little movie rules?


Oh. Yeah, a ton of them. Like which One was your favorite? Sharknado was my favorite because Sharknado? Yeah. I got to play the president. I can see you being a president. Yeah, I could. Well why would you run? No, there's no chance. There's just no chance. Why don't you run? Well, I mean, they put me on the ballot. Did they not? Yeah. Oh, you got some writing votes. I'm not old enough. Big president. Oh, That's right. You gotta be three five Too. The world would just be at peace if I was president that I, everybody would get along. I agree with that. I agree with that. Yeah. And you can be the, the first gentleman, POOKIE. The first gentleman. Do you have a vetting process when your daughter brings home? No. I did it originally. But that didn't go over well.


What was it? Oh my God. The first date she ever went went on for my oldest. She took her to a Mavs game and they were sitting next to each other and they both had a pair of shorts on. And I walked up to 'em and she was 13 maybe. And I, I told the guy, if that skin touches that skin and walked off, she has never forgiven me. And then you talk about, then you talk about Dad shit. Right. So one time I had to go pick her up and she went with her friends to a football game, the high school football game. I'm like, Alexis, Alexis Cuban, you need to take your medication.


We need to put the ointment on before it spreads. Oh gosh. I feel like you're a cool dad to have. I think so. They don't, Of course they don't do they have like a, what do you call it? I guess a specific allowance. Yeah. Yeah. But, and so my oldest blows right through it. I mean, that'd Be me. Yeah. I mean like, I eat my money Just like spend whatever, bags, whatever, A middle one doesn't spend anything. And my youngest is just like electronics and basketball stuff, sports stuff. So he, it, it's not too bad. He's young too. Yeah. He's gonna like to buy fun stuff. Yeah. Yeah. He, he will. He will.


But it's like if it's, it's not even so much a new phone. 'cause we talked about getting a new phone and he wasn't excited about it, but like a new computer or new tech stuff, he's into that. Yeah. Or basketball stuff. Basketball gear. So it's not too bad. You make 'em do chores Just like clean up after dinner. But that's, they don't even clean the room or make their beds. That's where we failed miserably. As parents. I hate washing the dishes. That's the worst thing. That's thing. That's the worst. I Hate washing the dishes. So you gotta me, everybody puts, you know, washes the dishes. Push in the dishwasher. Yeah. Nuts. I wish that's how your house worked. Oh, I'll get to his apartment and there's like a sink full of dishes and I'm like, oh, nuts. Half time it's not mine.


Nuts. Nuts. That's my roommates. Yeah. Nuts. How many roommates you got? Oh, right now I just have two. But I, I tell her all the time like, you don't have to do that. 'cause she'll tell me, she's like, I'm deep cleaning your house. And I'm like, don't pick up their stuff though, because it's just not, it's not ethical. It's not. Yeah, because guys, you need to know where your shit is. Exactly. Right. Because you know those plates you left there. So when you're thinking about what you're gonna eat next, you know what plate you got available. You know what foods in the, the kitchen, you know what you know what you can make. Right. And then if you're gonna order something or whatever and if someone fucks with that, it ruins the like, life is out of alignment, right? Well she comes in every single day. I mean, it doesn't matter if I've got stuff on the floor. Even just if I take my work clothes off on, I come in, she comes in just cussing. You need to pick up your stuff.


You need to do this, you need, he Needs to be, sounds about right. It's like I just got off work. I've been there since six o'clock that morning. I was a little tired. I'm a clean freak. It like upsets me if there's a mess. Everywhere's called like, oh, it drives me nuts. So I just kind of freak clean a little bit. I'm gonna shut up on all that now. Like other than that we do fine. Well that's cool, obviously, right? Yeah. For the most part. Now, me and her, when we get together in a hotel room, oh, it's bad. It's awful. But I don't mind that me and her can share like the nastiest room and I have no issues with it. No. 'cause it's cool right? When you're in a hotel room, someone's gonna clean up a Right, right. You order room service and you get all the craziest shit you want and then you like, you go from, oh, we're ordering room service.


Yeah. To, I wonder if I can get something special made for me, right? Yeah. Yeah. Can you guys do this and can you guys do that? Then the milkshakes are coming and the french fries, you know. Well, it's not that good. Yeah. See that's what you gotta try. Yeah. You just gotta take advantage of that room service stuff. Yeah. 'cause I'm not like a camping person. I'm a room service person. Yeah. Like get me what I want. That's why I'm staying at this hotel. We venture out sometimes too. For the most part. We like to explore. Well, where do you guys go exploring? Let's see, where did we go the other day? We went like 30 minutes and it was sketchy where we went. The bull daddy? Yeah. The what? The bull daddy. The bull daddy. Bull Daddy It was really Good Boil.


Like you're the bull Daddy boiling Something like cry daddies, Kind, cr addies. I like how you said that. Have you ever had a seafood bowl? Yeah, I have actually. Those are just my Favorites. Like the whole steam bowl of all the different crawfish and everything. They bring it to you in like a bag. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And you just crack everything open. And if you're lucky, you got lobster in it. Yep. You got shrimp and everything. Yeah. You just get all messy. Yep. I get nasty. Oh, I don't care. I don't care how nasty I, yeah. Do you wear a bib Sometimes? Depends on what shirt I got on. I, I Just don't. Did you wear, would you make him wear a bib? He does wear a bib willingly. I have to put the bib on. Stuff is too messy. I don't have to force him. Oh, You get it. He's gonna wear like force him to Do it.


you were so easy to please Some things. Yeah. I'm kind of like that too. Yeah. If you gimme me a bag of chips, I'm good to Go. Yeah, I'm good. Right. I, I don't, there's like, unless there's a good reason to stress, there's no reason to stress. You should be a mentor. Like you need a app where you can just give people advice, You know, like an AI thing. Yeah. Maybe someday. What's something you think money can't buy you? My attitude is if you're happy when you're broke, you're gonna be really, really, really happy when you're rich. If you were miserable all the time when you were broke, there's a good chance that money's not gonna make. It's Not gonna fix your problems. No. It's whatever you are, you know, whoever you are as a person, money just amplifies that.


You know, if, you know, 'cause there's some people that just don't ever have enough. Like there's people like have more money than me than I know that just bitch, they don't have enough or they're just working to try to get more. I'm like, why? You know, just time. Just, you gotta enjoy all the shit you have. 'cause one day you're 21 and the next day you're 41. Then the next day you're fucking 61 and just bam. And so you just, you just gotta take all those moments and, and just love them. Right. I think, you know, if there's one thing that I, I think I've done. Like, I used to like car. I told you I had a fiat had a turn top The hole in it with the hole in, right?


Yeah. And I just remember driving and just always, whenever there was a sunny day and I do th to do this to this day, I just look up and just say a little Thank you because like, just be able to see a blue sky and know that I'm in this position. Even when I was broke, right. Just I was in a position where I can just appreciate the moments. Because all those moments, if you can add 'em up, it feel good. But if you stress about every little motherfucking thing that stress adds up too. You know? And, and I think that's what you've done Good. Right. You don't seem to be a real stressful person except when it comes to cleaning up after him. Oh, I'm a stressful person. Are you really? What do you stress The most about? I just get overwhelmed.


You do? Yeah. Sometimes. Like what? Most part. I'm good about it though. What, what's, what stresses you the most? Okay, so say we're going, okay, like the details of this week and then next week, this week we're here. And then next week we're in Hawaii. All the dates and stuff that get laid out in front of me at once, I'm like, Oh, Yeah. But you're just gonna get up and go where they tell you to go, right? Yeah. Most the time. Right. That's what I do. It's like people are like trying to explain, okay, you're gonna do this, this, this and that. Like look, I trust you. Just tell me where to be at one time. Just tell. That's I need to know. That's all you gotta do, I'm saying. Right, right. Because you know you've got good people around you is just show up. Right. That's, that's no stress. The only time I really, really, really stress two times, one I'm terrified of heights.


Same like, yeah, FOR REAL. Like if you, like I've been in, there's this place in Philadelphia where the maps stay and they have an el an elevator that's on the outside of the building. And it is just terrifying to me. Like it's just the worst thing ever. Like I find a plane no problem 'cause it feels stable. But like, just like it started when I was like five years old and my dad took me to a baseball game and he tried to take me, our seats were way up top and he said, I just started crying. It Makes me sick. Yeah. I just couldn't, I couldn't deal with it. Mm. That and the other thing is when people eat with their mouth open, like one of my best friends in life, like I can't go to dinner with them. I can't. I can have drinks, I can go hang out with them.


But if, What about people smacking gum? You not like that Either. Same difference. Yeah, same difference. What kind of good peeves do you got? Pet peeves. Yeah. Oh, Yeah. Chewing with mouth open. Definitely nothing really upset. Kind. What kind of car does she get? You know what kind of car I got? What kind of car you Got? I got a Kia. Really? Kia Ev. Kias are good cars. I love it. I love it. Good. I had a Tesla too. Have a Tesla and Kia's just easier to drive. Like Tesla. There's so many bells and whistles and there's all these little, all the technical stuff, which I like from a technical perspective. But you gotta think too much. Right. And so, you know with Kia it's got all the benefits of a ev but you know when you hit the turn signal, it's just a turn signal.


You know when you turn on the whistle wipers, you don't Have to see that's what I want. I don't want nothing to too techy. High tech. Yeah. Like I wanna be able to drive myself. Yeah. And 'cause I drive myself all the time. This guy saw me pulled up in my Kia. It's right outside. Right. And it's just, it's just an easy car, easy car. And I got one of the little plug things at home. So I just plug it in at night, you know, don't have to worry about it. I mean it's not like I drive at 400 miles, but it's got 300 mile range. Easy peasy. She needs to her a good car. I do. But it's a good car. And it's not expensive either. Yeah. I mean you need to, it's relatively cheap. You probably won't change the oil in this one either. Probably not. It'll probably slow. I just leave that to, to my dad. I leave all that. If you Get an ev, you don't gotta worry about oil though.


If I what? Get an electronic electric vehicle. Oh, you got a point. We just found that out. When was it? Yesterday or the day before yesterday. What? That they don't have oil. Yeah. She Didn't know they idea didn't a motor or nothing. They didn't know the battery. I was like, I to know don't like this kind of cars. You don't like the EVs? Eh, I can it one, it's electronic. That scares me. No, but it's got, it's got the pickup on these things. The fast you driven. They really are fast. Oh my god. They're fast. Even my Kia, it's like if you put it in turbo mode You're gone. Gone. I got a Ultima, my Ultima flow. That's Nice. Yeah. That's, that's nice. It's Nothing rather than Ultima. Besides a bun. What kind Car you got now? Just Besides a Malibu? What kind of truck you got? I don't have a truck.


I have a Jeep. Oh, the same difference. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna buy a truck at the beginning year. I'm just waiting for the, the market to come down a little bit. Hopefully. Yeah. I don't know what's, you even know what you want. Probably a Ford or 52 50 A two 50. Yeah. I dunno if I can see in a Truck. What's the craziest car you have now? Now I, nothing crazy. I got the Tesla on the E, the Kia. But I had a Lamborghini but I just never drove it because it drove like a Lamborghini. Yeah. You know, it was really close to the ground. Yeah. And then I just, and it was loud, which was fine, but I didn't get anything from it.


Right. Other than Oh that's a cool car. Yeah. Like that doesn't do anything for me. I owned a a Hummer for a while. But. that was just a pain the ass. It was driving to a gas station every seven minutes. Yeah. And I, before I made a lot of money, my buddies and I, every New Year's Eve, we would rent a Rolls Royce and you know, just go out and find a date. So we need to, yeah, I think we should do that. We should Definitely do that. Oh, we got pictures of us. Like we drove it through a Burger King. Drive through the best part of the whole life. Right. We went, I think, I forget the concept we went to and we, we were driving through and I'm like, we gotta take a picture. And we've got pictures of me sitting on the hood, somebody else sitting on the top, the door open and our dates and everything in a drivethrough.


It's like, that's the way you should do it. And in a Burger King drive-through a Burger King. Drive-through, you know. Do you eat Burger King? Not so much anymore. No. Do you like Whoppers? I, you know, I used to be a Whopper guy. I love Whoppers. I have no doubt You do. Mm. I love anything you put in front of me. I'm not picky. No, that's good though. That makes it easy. Yeah, I'm not too picky either. I mean, I can eat pretty much everything. I don't like, like what do you not like? What is it you were trying to get me to eat? That's a organ. Oh, Liver mush. I'm not eating that. No, that's, that Sounds good. Like liver's, like not bad. It's like a, it's a eastern typical like sausage. No like bruns brun wire.


Do you know what Bruns wire, that's another same type of thing. It's like in a roll. It's like liver. No, this comes in a big block. In a big block. Yeah. But you just cut it up like sausage and you fry it. But it's literally like sausage. It's just a softer sausage On. That's cool. I would go for that. Ugh. I'm gonna get her to taste it, but she won't do it. I'm not doing it. She done told me it's an organ. I already know what it is. If I know what it is, I won't eat it. Just put ketchup on it. Ketchup. Ketchup makes everything good. I Don't like ketchup. Oh you don't? Nope. Oh, we Can't that, that's the thing. I don't eat. I love tomatoes. I don't eat ketchup. Why? Unless the fries are terrible. Then I will eat ketchup. Like you typically don't have ketchup on fries. I eat ranch. Okay. I can understand. Ranch, do you put fries in milkshake? I I think you showed me that.


I'm not opposed to it. No. That's like one of the best things I Ever is. And it's pretty good. Like a Wendy's frosty. Yes. Especially at Wendy. Yeah. It acts like a spoon. Yeah. Yeah. No it's amazing. I think it's pretty good. So I, I tell my kids since they were little I that one of the all time rules you can always live by. If you like one thing, if another thing and you put those two foods together, you're gonna like it even more. I don't know if I can live by that. I'm worried about my, Like if you took, if you took his liver mush and you took a frosty and you like just dipped it, that frosty would make that liver mush amazing. Ugh. Yeah. I'm just, it's like you could take that rule to the bank. Just think about that. You're lactose intolerance. Yeah.


Fortunately I am lactose intolerant. Me too. Oh my God. But do you still eat ice cream? I eat anything with milk in it and I just suffer. 'cause like I quit my whole life eating it. And then except You that you suffer. I don't mind, like, as a guy, I don't Mind it. If I'm farting sitting on the toilet. That's, that's a bonus every day, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What does he say about it? She, she has not got to where she'll poop around me. Yeah. I stopped his toilet up the other day. Yeah. Chad is like the king right there. She came, I come out and my face was red. I was like, oh, I have bad news. She said I stopped it up. And I'm telling you, I walked in there and seen that. Don't Say I did not Know what to Do. Did you take a picture? No. Oh. I definitely would've taken a picture my eyes And just went to plumbing.


It was rough. So he locked his keys in his apartment and so I had to go through the window and like let him in Just before the shit or after the shit. This is Before. I'm on the verge of like shitting myself at this point. 'cause it was just that bad. I got through the window, I unlocked the door and I hauled ass. I was gone. There's tire marks after I got outta there. Oh. She's terrible about that. Every time she goes, she leaves a little streak. And I'm like, I have the brush. Wait, wait, we a little brush Once? No, she does do that. Just one brush. It'll be fine. She's the worst about, oh, you Talking about driving streak? No, No. The streak's in the toilet. Like, oh, Like the mc donut. Haliey is the poop master Dude. I'm telling you. It's, it's rough. When I getting There, she was, she left. I went to work and she left that day I got home and there was a little surprise waiting for me in the barber because I sent her a picture.


I said, what is this? See you Flushed. See but I know if that's there. I'm like, Kaylee's been here. Oh, Yeah. It's a hundred percent. and she never shuts the door doesn't turn the Around on. It's just True. Never shuts the door. So you'll just poop and everybody will just watch poop. I actually have like a shy butt hole. I can't just like, if I know people are listening to me, I'm like Mm. Like going to public bathrooms. I don't like doing that at all. My bathroom's in my bedroom. So when she comes out, she's just not the type of person to turn the fan on nor shut the door and have like a little courtesy. She just lets it air out and just until it hits me in the mouth while I'm wearing on my bed. Oh my God, Man. It's rough out here. It is really rough out here. But I have do find respect for you.


HALIEY. Thank You right. Thank. you Skid marks for the win. Do you do anything with crypto? Yeah, I do a lot with crypto. Actually. I, I've got a shit ton of Bitcoin and Ethereum and I have some other stuff. Book i.io. I've got Omatic. They changed the name of it. But there's another type and I got some Dogecoin. But yeah, I've had most of it for a long time. Yeah. So it's worked out really well for me. Oh. Yeah. If I want a main coin, can I give you some tokens? Yeah, I'll give you my wallet. I'll give you my wallet. Okay. But are you sure you're gonna launch? I don't know. I'm not a big a fan about meme coins. I love crypto, but, but you can make some money from it.


There's no doubt about it. Yeah, no doubt About it. I'm very new to it and I'm still learning what it is. The Phantom Wallet, do you know what that is? Yeah, of course. So evidently it gives you a 12 word password. Right, right, Right. Your seat face. Yeah. Well me and him, I had to have him help me put it on my phone. I didn't know what I was doing. And you didn't write it down or? Nope. You're fucked. Yep. There's a good chunk of money in there too. Is there? Really? Oh, They told me while I was getting my hair done the other day, I was like, what the fuck? So I had to start over. But you can't, he at I get the password, change it. There's no way to, No, there was a guy that lost like a shit ton of Bitcoin way back When. Big Bitcoin? Yeah. Yeah. It was on a hard drive. He Traded it for a pizza. How do you Not He traded it for a pizza. No, at the beginning. Yeah, at the beginning.


We early days of Bitcoin. You do you have crypto? I do not. Chelsea gave away Maddie's pizza yesterday. Okay. It was a homeless lady sitting on the side of the road. And that's fair. Thank you Maddie was so, so Mad at Me. She was just like, she gave Pizza, we were mine. She was like, can I have a piece of pizza? And I kept walking and I stopped and I was like, we gotta go back. I was like, we have to, You feel guilty, right? Yes. Yeah. I'm the same way I feel. So we went back and she had already like put her hands and I was like, just take it. It's yours. Just take It. Yeah. Right. Whatcha are you gonna do? Yeah. Yeah. 'cause if you're like a germaphobe then you're Like, yeah, I don't like BETR. be freaked out. Yeah. I can't Do that. So I puts the hand in my pizza box. You can have it. Don't worry about it. Yeah. But you are the poop master. Yeah. It's okay. I Have a new found respect for you.


Thank. You. I have a new found. How'd you just say that? New found respect for you. Yeah, new found respect. Yeah. I got one for You too. There you go. Hey y'all I. hope you enjoyed the show. And. if you haven't gotten yourself any Talk, Tuah a merch, be Sure to click the link in the description below so we can match. Tag me and Talk, Tuah it while you're watching the episode And let us know what you think. And before you go, don't forget. Subscribe to That thing. Subscribe to that thing.