
What's up y'all? Welcome. back to Talk Tuah.


Better original. Download better. And play. Betr. Picks


Thank you for tuning in. I hope you've been enjoying the show Make. sure you subscribed Wherever you're listening now And, leave me a five star review I, wanna hear what you think of today's episode, so be sure to leave me a comment too. Welcome back to Talk Like. an emphasis on it. Like,


Can you name every single subscription you have? I know I can't name all mine. I just learned that over 74% of people have subscriptions they forgot about with Rocket Money. I don't have to remember every subscription or worrying about forgetting any because I can see 'em all laid out right in front of me. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwind subscriptions. Monitors are spending and it helps lower your bills so you can start saving, see all your subscriptions in one place, and know exactly where your money's going. For any you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them with just a few taps. And Chelsea, you know the best part, you can get alerts when bills increasing price. There's unusual spending activity or if you're going close to over budget, rocket Money has over 5 million users and it saved over $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all the app's premium features. Stop wasting your money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/ TALKTUAH. That's rocket money.com/ TALKTUAH.


Today we have Frankie and then we got Apollo and then Miss Holly Madison. Hi. Yeah, I love having the dogs here. It's so zen vibes. It feels like a homey kind. Oh it does. Don't knock. Go To the pumpkin. Don't put your snoot in my coffee. Wait, wait. You gotta give her her gift first. Oh, I Do. I have a gift. Yes. Oh my God, I actually almost forgot. Oh my God, that's so cute. I love it. Talk Tuah. A 24, get out and vote. It has nothing on your hoodie. You have on though. Cute. Yeah, I have my Donald Duck hoodie with the, it has the Devil Horns. So got Spooky Donald. Oh, I love That.


Yeah. I come across something you have, it's like a, what was it? Playboy Murders. Yeah. I'm gonna start watching that. I'm so curious about it. Yeah, I, I love doing that show. I love telling those stories. We just cover a bunch of murders that took place kind of within the Playboy world. It was such a big company. There were so many people that worked as bunnies in the clubs across the country. So you're gonna find, you know, stories within these people. That's kind of scary though. It is very scary because every story's so completely different. You know, the murders happen, you know, some of the people we talk about that were in the Playboy world, were the perpetrators some, were the victims and we're recording the third season now. So it's like there's so many stories. Did You ever get scared while you were in a mansion?


Not about things like that. When I was there, it was more like drama. Oh. And it was a lot of competition and a lot of like weird rules. Like you couldn't leave the house after nine o'clock and things like that. So it got really depressing for me. So it was more like that kind of a thing. I, you know, I felt safe inside the mansion. Like there was security and you know, it was a gated property and things like that. So I didn't feel like I was in danger of being murdered or anything. Well that's good. Yeah, I mean to an extent that's a start. So I know you could have like a few girlfriends. Were you allowed to have like a boyfriend or anything? No, no. That was totally against the rules a lot. Most of the girls did though. I think Bridget and I were the only ones who didn't, we just weren't interested in dating around. But everybody else kind of did on the side and kept it on the down low.


Oh. And didn't tell him. Yeah. But he would get pissed if he found out. Like there was right before I moved in, there was a girl who was having sex with one of the butlers on this couch that was like, there was this living room that would turn into a movie theater, like the big screen would come down from the That's Cool Ceiling. And there was this like tiger print couch behind it and she was having sex with this butler on the couch. And so that was a big drama and scandal. And then none of the girlfriends were allowed to like fraternize with the butlers after that. Like we weren't supposed to like hang out in the pantry or like Talk Tuah them too much. What would happen if he did find out though? People Would get kicked out and when I first moved in I would see people like somebody left to go like visit their family but then another girl routed them out and said no, she's really seeing a boyfriend.


So all her stuff in her room just got packed up in boxes and like sent out the back gate and like wasn't allowed in. And it was like this big like shameful drama you know, in that community. And it was like she's gonna get like DNA A, which stands for do not admit, but I didn't know that 'cause I was brand new and I was like DNA, like are they swabbing her dna? What doing, Doing with it? So it just seemed so like I was 22 when I moved in there and everything just seemed so dramatic and crazy. And then I got to the point where I was kind of terrified of like being kicked out at any moment 'cause I didn't really have anywhere to go in la So it was just a whole like whirlwind. I'm glad I'm getting to ask you this because like I would've assumed like all the girls like stuck together and they had each other's backs. Oh. no, but they would like tell on each other.


A Hundred percent's Horrible. It Got better over the years. Like it got to the point where there were only three girlfriends instead of seven. And I really started to take the initiative because you know, anytime somebody would come to test for Playmate of the Month, they would stay in the guest house at the mansion and they would come out with us and stuff. So it got to the point when a new girl would arrive, I volunteered to like give them tours and like show them around and introduce myself. So that kind of got everything off on a better foot. And then everybody started becoming friends and like getting along and there wasn't really the competition but when I first moved in it was an absolute disaster. It was just, you know, everybody was trying to back stab the other one and get the other one kicked out and it was just a nightmare. Girls Shouldn't be like that.


Yeah, It's too much. And like especially if like you're all together. Yeah y'all need to stick together. Hundred they're all dating the same man, right? Yeah. Yeah. How did that work? Not well. Not well. Oh. Yeah I get very jealous. I don't know about you but I couldn't share a man. Yeah, Well I think it started out everybody was okay with it 'cause everybody kind of gets into it as like a transactional relationship. Nobody's like thinking they're in love or anything like that. But Hef and I got really, you know, codependent and enmeshed and it kind of just turned into a relationship between just us near the end. And Bridget and Kendra were there more for like the show and hanging out and stuff. So things got a little more chill. But in the beginning it was a nightmare. Hectic.


Yeah. What was Hugh like? He was a multifaceted character for sure. He was somebody that in the beginning, you know, I really looked up to and was like really impressed by, 'cause he'd done so much and accomplished so much and he had such a community of friends that just loved him and I just thought he was like the greatest person ever. But then over the years my eyes started to open with like how manipulative he was with the girlfriends and you know, there was so much drama in the beginning and I always just blamed it completely on the other women and it thought everybody else was the problem and Hef was so great. But then as the years went by and one of the reasons I decided to leave was it just became more and more obvious to me that he was like loving that people were like fighting or he thought it was fighting over him and so he would kind of like encourage it and stuff and other girls would come back to me and like tell me things that he said.


So that was one of the reasons I left. But So he was playing y'all against one another? Totally. A hundred percent I hate man. Yeah, that right there is like, ugh that makes me so mad. HOLLY. When you girls come to the house or you agree to do anything with Hugh at the house or anything like that, are you guys under contract from that point on once you're staying in the house? No. How does that all work? So like you could leave and go get a new job or like were girls scared that they wouldn't be able to book anything else if they left half or kind of what was the deal with that? Well The rule was we weren't supposed to work. Like I kept my waitressing job when I was there just 'cause I was like, I don't know how This is gonna work out. Like I'm not gonna, you know, ditch everything. But then a couple months into it he got really jealous and told me I had to quit the job. So that was something I wasn't really aware of when I moved in.


I thought I could still go out and audition and do different things. But then once you get there and once you're in there and once you kind of feel a little bit like This is your home and you're a little bit financially dependent on the situation, you find out where you're not supposed to work, you're not supposed to do this. So then it gets kind of tricky 'cause you wanna save up and you wanna like build a life for yourself. So it gets tricky like that. But we were never under any contract or anything like that, which is surprising to a lot of people, especially that he didn't have people sign NDAs. But I feel like he was so greedy to get laid and get people up into his room that he doesn't want something standing in between that he's not like wait, you have to sign this first Oh Yeah. You know? So you couldn't even be your own person really. No. Uhuh. And what's the average age range of these girls at the time in the house?


Like how old are you guys when This is all happening? I was 22 when I moved in. I think there was one other girl who was my age. And at the time the other five girls were a little bit older, like more in their late twenties. But women who were coming to try out for playmate and stuff, they were usually anywhere from like 18 to 25. So, and there were girlfriends who were like 18, 19 at different times too. Oh wow. Did he have like a certain age, like say you get to be 32, would he like kick you out if you got to a certain age? There Wasn't anything like that. Like he did have some older girlfriends at some point and when I say older, I mean like early thirties. So there wasn't like technically that age range. But I would see a lot in the notes when it came to like women who were trying out for Playmate. Like the editors would write like, oh she's 20, 28.


Like that's like watch out. Like she, she's getting too old so. So he liked him young. Yeah, For sure. Come on now. He I bet he had really cool parties though. Yeah, the parties were super fun, especially back then they were really exclusive and hard to get into and I was just like in college and working at a restaurant and some of the girls at the restaurant, like the really cool ones got to go to those parties. So I thought that would be so cool to get to go. And I was working for Hawaiian Tropic and one night at one of the events he's doctor came and he wanted to invite all the girls to the party. So I was so excited I got to go 'cause I'd never seen anything like it. It was just this huge beautiful party and you know, you'd see like different celebrities there and people you recognize from TV and you know, it was the cool party in town everybody wanted to go to and it was hard to get in and back then like nobody had cameras on their phones or anything like that.


So everything felt very like private and exclusive. Yeah. And something you could go tell your friends about the next day. That all changed when everybody got smartphones then the parties were not cool anymore. Oh. Yeah. And it's crazy how something like that just makes such a huge difference and ruins everything. It does ruin everything. Yeah. Did that kind of change do you think the entire business model for Playboy? Once the internet and smartphones came out? 'cause I mean print is obviously kind of dead. 'cause I feel like back in the day no one turned down Playboy nowadays HALIEY turned down Playboy like two days after her video went viral. And it's like, I feel like that's something that wouldn't have happened in the early two thousands or before. No one said no. I feel like I'm not comfortable in my own skin like that, but anybody else could go out there and do it. 'cause like I'm not against it. I like looking at it.


I hate to save like the little outfits and stuff. I'm like, oh that's cool. And I've watched Have you ever watched the House Bunny? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was she She was in it. Who told me? Who told me that she was in the house Bunny? What do you mean how she ever watched It? I was in it for like a couple scenes, just briefly. Like we would be like standing next to half and have a few lines with him. Like I didn't have a character or anything. I was just kind of playing myself. I'm gonna have to watch that again. I've watched like 10 times and I never paid attention to that. They're like, she was in it and I was like where very I was like, oh she was Shey. Yeah, I had to do my research. Yeah. And then it popped up last night, what were we watching? And it popped up. There was a scary movie that popped up like scary movie three and then there was a house, but I was like, there's no way she was in scary movie.


There's no way. No it wasn't In the very beginning we had a scene with Charlie Sheen, scary movie four. That was the one I do Not pay attention to. Shit I'm learning so much. I think it was right at the beginning of the movie though. It was like the opening scene I think if I remember correctly. We're gonna sit down and watch those tonight and I'm gonna be looking for you. I'm so curious.


Hey y'all, I mentioned last episode how Easy Betr Picks is to play, but I wanted to show you exactly how to do it. All you gotta do is download the better app on your phone and then go in there and pick your favorite players. Pick more or less on their projections. Lock in your lineup. Now you have a chance to win up to a thousand times your money. That's it. You're done. It's literally that simple. And now that football Sunday just become a thousand times more fun. Now download better and play Betr Picks. I went up to a thousand Times your money.


Yeah. Should we talk about like the alleged trafficking tunnels that everybody's talking about online? Yes. Okay. So like I've been seeing all these tiktoks that people have been tagging me in because of course like the whole P Diddy thing is breaking and his house was a couple blocks down from the Playboy mansion, like pretty close. And now everybody's saying that there's trafficking tunnels underneath the two houses. And it's not true. I, I can tell you where like the rumor got started, but it's this big rumor that's going around. So like in 2015 Playboy thought it would be cool to like start this quirky little rumor that there were like hidden tunnels underneath the mansion that like went to like some old seventies actors houses and they had these like fake blueprints drawn up and they were doing like these tweets and stuff and it was for April Fools.


They did it like couple days before April Fools But. that was like right before everybody kind of went Q Anon. And then people like latched onto that rumor and people think it's real. And now that like the P Diddy thing is breaking and his house is kind of close by and there's the rumor, there's like the interviews with like Jaguar Wright and she's kind of like sitting there I think speculating in this part of the rumor where she's like talking about, well you know like Bill Cosby was doing all this stuff at the Playboy Mansion and then you know, there's tunnels that go back and forth, which I'm sure is like she heard that like everybody else heard it. But now it's like a thing that people are believing and they're like, HOLLY, you have to speak out about this. And I'm like, as far as I know there were no tunnels and I was snooping around every corner of that fucking house.


I would've scope it out Too. I had a lot of time on my hands. Yeah, it was like Beauty and the Beast when Bell was like into the West Wing. It's not supposed to be there. Like I was looking for anything and everything. I'd be curious too though, if I was in like a big house like that, I'd be like, okay, well what's in here? What's in there? Totally Wasn't there I'm nosy too. Zoo in the House. Yeah, there was, yeah, on the grounds there was a zoo. We had like monkeys and different birds and things like that. That's so cool. I forgot you wanted to ask her about that. Yeah I did. I heard it and I was like, there's no way. So HF just had like his own zoo? Yeah, He had a zoo permit and the person who bought the house now they kind of like got the permit with the house so the animals are still there and stuff. I love that. Yeah, I loved it. There were like so many exotic birds and things that I made friends with.


And Do they do anything with the building anymore? He's renovating it. Yeah, he's posted a couple pictures. I think he's doing a pretty good job. He's keeping like a lot of the historic accuracy but like making it a little bit nicer in some places. Did you ever witness like anything weird in there In the house? I think I watched a podcast you done and you said you walked, it was like when you first got there and you walked upstairs and they were having like a orgy, Oh, Yeah, I mean I Was that this like a normal thing to see I was, I was like that's a normal is was it? Yeah, that Was like on the schedule. Wednesdays and Fridays. Wednesdays and Fridays, yeah. Designated days for it. Yeah. So what was like your experience like first seeing that? Well I was really, really wasted. Mm.


So the memory is blotchy but yeah it's, it's crazy. It's a lot of, a lot of that and a lot of, I mean e even everything from like I saw ghost shit up there. I saw like weird people wandering around that saw ghosts, weren to be there Ghost. Yeah we can, yeah. And Bridget did too in her room. She saw a ghost. I still, if I was also walk upstairs and see like a orgy going on, I'd be like, I'd have to like rub my eyes and be like, okay, I did see that and I'd just turn around and head out. I, I don't, I don't know how I'd take that. Yeah, it's, it's a lot. I Think it'd be something to just see like two people as it is and I'd walk, I'm like oh shit my bad. And I'd shut the door and go on. But like 10 people, I don't Know.


Yeah, there was a lot going on at all times for sure. What kind of ghosts did you see in the mansion? Well The first one I saw was in the gym. I was working out and I saw a girl come outta the tanning bedroom and like walk around the corner and I was new to the house at this time and I, when I was done working out, I thought well I should go introduce myself to her. It's probably somebody who's like testing for playmates staying out in the guest house. And I went around the corner and she was gone and I saw there were like mirrored like dance studio type walls in there and there was like looked like a cut out of a door and that's the only place she could have gone and disappeared to. So I thought oh that must be another like secret door. 'cause while there might not be underground tunnels from the mansion, as far as I know there were kind of like secret passages like within the house.


Like if you went down to the basement and like cut under you could get to the gym. 'cause the gym was like built underground and that's how I had gone in one way. And then since I was new to the house and saw this cutout, I thought oh that must be another, I'll check that out later. I gotta go do whatever. So next time I was in the gym I'm like, I wanna see where this other secret passage goes. So I go and I pop the door open and it was just a really shallow closet that was full of stuff. So I'm like where did that girl go? I never saw her again. And then Bridgette saw an apparition in her room one night she had just got a new puppy and it was her, her sister and this other girl were in her bedroom and they all saw this woman with like stringy black hair, like appear in the doorway to the bathroom and then disappear and all three of the girls saw it.


I would've packed my shit would I've out. Right. I can't do that. Walked around with some sage burning be gone that yeah, no, so creepy. I wonder if I like died in there. I don't know if anybody died in there but I don't feel like if somebody has to die in a house for it to be haunted. Yeah. I just feel like their energy wants To return. Wait, did you share a room with any of the other girls or did y'all all have your own separate rooms? I mean it depended on how many girls lived there at the time. For the most part girls had their own rooms. I shared a room with Hef when I first moved in though for like a couple days. I lived in what would become Bridget's room with one other girl. There were like three beds in there at the time. And then I had my own room down the hall for a couple months and then I moved in to Hefts bedroom.


But for the most part people had their own rooms. I think Bridget just liked having people over her room was always kinda like the slumber party room Made it more homey. Yeah, For sure. I'm glad you and Bridget stepped together though. Yeah, Me too. Like I don't think I would've got through it without her because she was like the one other girl who I felt like was sane for a while until we started making more friends and stuff. So it's great to have somebody like that That's kind of like me and her. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we've been together since the beginning of this shit. Yeah. That's how it's gonna end too. Yeah, I think that's what saves you, you know when you're going through like all this exposure and this crazy wild ride. It's like holding onto your friends friends and your old friends that know you. How long have you and Bridget been friends? 22 years. It was just her birthday yesterday and I did all those Happy Birthday Bridget Happy.


I did one of those posts with like in my story was like happy birthday Bridget, my partner in crime of, and I'm counting back on like 22 years. Damn. It's crazy. Now that Diddy's going down, who do you think's next? I mean there's nobody that I personally have info on. Everybody's saying Jay-Z though. Oh I've seen that too. That's like the gossip. Him and Jay-Z were friends though, weren't they? Did He? I saw a thing where like yeah I think They were like I think that's why people think he might be the next go down as allegedly. They were like involved or something. Yeah, I saw something where it was talking about him and Beyonce like covering it up for Diddy. Yeah, I've seen that too. I Don't know what they're covering up though. Like, I mean everything's kind of out in the open. I mean he likes his baby oil. People have been asking me to comment like on the tunnels specifically about the P Diddy thing.


I never went to any of his parties or anything like that. I probably, I think I probably have a picture with him somewhere like crossing paths at like a nightclub. You know I've been at like dinners he's at. But when you're around somebody casually you don't see like the down and dirty shit that you're doing. They're that they're doing. You know what I mean? So they said he Had like freak offs too. Yeah, that's what the baby oil was for. He bought it in bulk at Costco but he buys everything in bulk. So that's the the defense they're using right now. That's the kids. It's that weird that they bought The baby. Okay but what are you gonna use that much baby oil for? Yeah, What's an adult easy baby oil for? But once a vagina gets involved like no baby oil. Yeah it's so bad for you. Like absolutely not Oh Yeah. That's what I was thinking. I was like ah It's gonna throw off your pH so hard that's Gonna burn.


Are you interested in having hair that grows faster, stronger, and longer having visibly thicker volume, experiencing noticeably less shedding thicker lashes and brows? Well let me tell you this, all This is possible with Neutrophil. Neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended Hair grows supplement brand trusted by over 1 million people see thicker, stronger and faster growing hair, less shedding in three to six months. With neutrophil thinning hair is different for men and women. So one size fits all approach to hair growth doesn't cut it. Neutrophil has multiple formulas for men and women that are tailored to different life stages and lifestyle factors. So you can get just what you need with a neutrophil subscription. Building your hair growth routine is simple. Purchase online, no prescription needed. Automated deliveries and free shipping keep you on track. Plus you can save up to 20% Get results. You can run your fingers through Neutrophil is offering $10 off your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to neutrophil.com And enter the promo code. Talk Tuah, find out why over 4,500 healthcare professionals and stylists recommend Neutrophil for healthier fuller hair neutrophil.com. N-U-T-R-A-F-O-L with promo code talk Tuah. That's neutrophil.com promo code talk Tuah.


Chelsea, how much fun was that Tennessee game we went to last Saturday? Yeah that was great. Our seats were amazing too. I just love going to live events so much, especially football games. Here let me get my phone and go on the Gametime out. Oh, we should try to get tickets for the next Tennessee game. Oh, can you see when the Titans are playing at home next? I bet NFL games are fun too. Yeah, good idea. But you know what I love about Gametime? You can see the views from your seats before you buy the tickets. Oh That looks perfect. And Gametime also has a new feature, it's called Gametime Picks. It makes getting tickets for these events so much easier. Oh I know what you're talking about. It helps filter everything so you can see all the deals quicker. Yep, exactly. And what's cool about it is even if we don't wanna get these Tennessee tickets now we can get last minute deals right up till the start of the event and even an hour after it starts. That's great. And we are in LA right now. So what should we do tonight? I'll go on the Gametime app right now and look, everyone should go download the Gametime app, create an account use code TALKTUAH for us for $20 off your first purchase. Terms Apply again create an account redeem code Talk Tuah a TALKTUAH for $20 off your first purchase. Download Gametime today. What time is it? Gametime? What time Is it Gametime?


So it It, the parties at the Playboy mansion, was there like a strong buffer zone between Hef girlfriends you guys and like other, like let's say if a pro athlete walked in and he thought you were cute and wanted to Talk Tuah you, would security put an end to that right away if you guys started fraternizing or how did that kinda whole thing work? I think so, yeah. I mean there were some girls who would like get around it or like exchange numbers just kind of like on the low or whatever. But most guys wouldn't really approach us if they saw that we were at the table with Hef 'cause they just kind of knew like that's the boundary. And when people ask me about like, you know, crazy shit I saw at the parties, I didn't see a lot of crazy shit at the parties because you wouldn't think this but when people were like around Hef like where he would sit at the party, people would behave a lot 'cause they wanted to be invited back.


Yeah. Like you'd kind of have to be at the other end of the party without him to kind of see like the crazy shit go off. I Feel like that'd be kind of fun. Yeah. Yeah. But you were always with Hef so that's probably why you never saw all that crazy stuff. Totally. Like I, I went to parties before I was with him. I was invited to some parties but even then, like I didn't see too much. I would never stay that late and I wouldn't see crazy shit. But then I would hear other people tell me about like what was going on at the other end of the party. So How did you get to be like his favorite girl, like his main girlfriend? I think part of it was just my personality suited his a lot. Like I like to stay in and watch movies and you know, I got really involved in the magazine too. I started working as a photo editor so we bonded over a lot of like common interest things.


Okay. Yeah I bet he was a nice guy for, well besides his think so manipulative ways. Yeah. Would you ever go back and do it again? You Know, people ask me that all the time and it's a weird question to answer 'cause I don't know if they mean would you just go back and like change it or would you have to like put your consciousness back in your old body and like go relive it in real time? Because if it was like relive it in real time, I don't think I'd want to. 'cause there were so many like bad years. Like things kind of got good when the reality show started filming But, that was about halfway through my time there and I wouldn't wanna like redo it again. I would find something else to do. But as far as like going back and like changing anything that I don't like or anything I find unsavory, I wouldn't do that.


'cause I feel like I learned so much from it and I like where I ended up and I feel like I can make lemonade outta lemons. Yeah. So yeah. So you were still in the house when you started doing your reality show. What did he think about it? He loved it because he loved attention. He loved being famous. He loved staying relevant. Like you wouldn't necessarily think that's the case 'cause he was such an iconic person, you'd think he'd kind of be secure in that. But no, no, like he loved going out and getting attention at the nightclubs. He just loved all of that. So when the show blew up, he was super into it. In fact, like orgies and shit stopped because he wasn't like, he wasn't looking for like the validation and trying to like get as many go out to nightclubs and like He wasn't getting all the attention.


The many girls. Yeah. But once he's getting attention off the show, he's, he was like so happy with that and so busy with that, that that was kind of like what everything was all about. Did he have a boat or anything he'd take y'all on? No, he didn't have what? What? Yeah, he wasn't into leaving the house. It was really hard to even get him to travel. Like we started traveling a little bit for the show, but it was only for the show. Like he, it was so hard to get him to travel before that. It was only for things like if the magazine was having like its 50th anniversary and they want him in New York, like he'd go but it was really hard to get him to leave the house. He gives me like mysterious vibes myster like he wears like a trench coat or something. I'm like, no I can totally see that.


Like he always tried to present himself like he was such an open book and in a way he was, but in a way he wasn't too, like he had his ways of like, you know, treating people behind closed doors and so yeah, very mysterious. How old was he when you got in the house? 76. Super old. Wow. Yeah, He got around good too, didn't he? Oh. Oh wait, like how do you mean? Like Not, well I can't say physically 'cause I you you know, you don't You mean like walking without or walking? Is he able to walk down the street? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, He could like walk and stuff and like go out, go out to nightclubs, things like that. Like he always complained about back pain and things like that.


But I feel like for a 75-year-old, he's a pretty young 75-year-old. So he Took care of himself. Yeah. Did He let y'all go shopping? Yeah, I mean we were expected to have go out all the time so we always wanted different outfits and stuff and we were given like a clothing allowance of like a thousand dollars a week. But we also really wanted to save, or at least I did because you know, I'm young and I'm trying to like make a life for myself or whatever. So I'd always go like bargain shopping. Like I wasn't, when they first started filming the reality show, the producer was like, I know we have to film like a Beverly Hills shopping spree. I'm like, are you gonna pay for it? Because that's not my budget. Like I would always try and save like at least half of everything and then I'd go shopping like downtown or on Melrose or like really cheap places.


That's smart though. Yeah. Did any other girls try to save like that? I think so. I think, you know, Bridget and Kendra were both pretty reasonable. It was more like when I first moved in, the girls that were already there were the ones that would go out and like spend more on like designer clothes and stuff. And I'd buy a few nice nice things here and there, like a purse or whatever. But I also really tried to save and like just get creative with my clothes and stuff and buy stuff that I liked. But save money. Hey, you can still find cute stuff in the thrift store. Totally. Always. Well besides the one Johnny took us to the other night, I was like, what in the hell is that? Yeah, that was weird. You like that cat skirt I found You should have got it. I should have. Yeah. Thrifting is so hit or miss. We don't really have a lot of thrift stores where we're from.


We have like Goodwill but there ain't shit in there. And you like itch when you come out Oh? no. You're like okay that, that's unusual. Pookie's older isn't he? Pooky Pooky. Iss not that old. Who's Pooky? Hailey's Secret boyfriend. Oh Yeah. You have a mystery Man. I got a mystery man. I love having a mystery man. I'm talking to somebody right now and I'm keeping him a mystery man for as long as possible. When did we watch that podcast? Which one? I was so enthused. I was sitting there giggling. 'cause this girl was asking about your boyfriend. You're like, oh we broke up two weeks ago. you were so nonchalant about it. I was sitting there giggling. I was like, I need to be like that. Yeah, well it was a long time coming. It was like a five year relationship that was like really off and on.


So by the time we finally broke up, I was pretty like well adjusted about it. you were Like all Fuck you And we're still cool and like we get along and stuff. So it was a nondramatic breakup. That's good. Yeah. How'd you like get out of it though? I caught him cheating. That's a pretty good excuse. That is a good excuse. I think I've used that. I was like, all right, I was, I was, I was mad about it but like I was more mad for like the person I was. 'cause when I found out he cheated it was like, it happened like a year ago and like the girl had been done with it for a while and she just kind of got this like attack of conscience out of nowhere to tell me. So I was more like sad for myself back then. 'cause I was thinking back to that summer and like how in love I was in that summer and how like we would go on these vacations together and then like the second my back was turned, he was with somebody else.


So I was more like mad about that. But I'd have been kicking myself in the ass too. Yeah. But I bet it was like a relief though when you got rid of him. Yeah, I mean I'm super, super busy so honestly like making time for a relationship, even if it's like driving 20 minutes to go to his house, like it kind of frees up some time to be real. Yeah. You can start reading you a book or Canon. Yeah. Getting sleep. You ain't gotta go see no man. But you got a new man now, right? Talking To somebody. Yeah. How's it going? Well we're Still in the talking stage. Ooh. But I'm happy about it for now. Good deal. You got babies too, don't you? I do. I have an 11-year-old and an 8-year-old Oh. Yeah. They boys or girls? A girl and a boy. Oh you got the best in both Worlds. Yeah, they're awesome. They're like such perfect kids.


I don't know how I got so lucky. Like I don't have any drama with them. Just trying to get them to do their homework is like the most dramatic thing. That is definitely a hassle. I hated doing homework. Don't think I've done it half the time. I get there in class and I'd be like, yep, yep. It comes in handy. Having a normal life, like when you're a kid, like you just get to worry about being a kid. You don't have to worry about nothing else. I think so too. Like I'm so grateful. I grew up in Alaska and it was just a lot of like playing in the woods and things like that. So you grew Up in Alaska? Yeah, I lived very, what was your Childhood like? It was very, very isolated. We lived in southeast Alaska and by the time I was in kindergarten, we lived in a town, a really, really small town. But before that we would live in like logging camps and sometimes didn't even have running water.


So it was very little house on the prairie. And then by the time I was 10 we moved to Oregon, which I didn't like as well. That was very, very normal. But like I missed being in Alaska, I missed being in nature and being like in this really small town where everybody but I was like undiagnosed autistic too. So I had a little bit of difficulty relating to people and connecting with people and somehow like being in a really, really small town just was so much more less judgmental and being with the same people my whole life was really helpful. So when did you Get diagnosed? Just last summer. Really? Yeah. How they diagnose it? Well you have to do, I did mine over Zoom. I finally found a doctor that did it. It's really hard to find a doctor that will do it for adults and we did like seven different sessions over Zoom and they do all kinds of like tests on you.


And the tests are interesting. It's everything from questions to, they'll show you a picture of like people's eyes and you have to tell them what expression you think it is because sometimes being on the spectrum you have a really hard time like reading people's faces and they would do things like they would get an appointment with my ex-husband, an appointment with my mom to get their breakdown on how they had experiences interacting with me or like what they observed in my childhood or being married to me. So Does it affect your daily life or anything? I felt like it did, but I didn't really understand it. I always thought that there was something a little off with me. Like I didn't understand why I was so introverted or why I would have trouble, you know, interacting with people.


I just always thought, well okay, I'm like different in some way and I didn't really get it. But now that I understand what's going on, it helps a lot and I feel like I can adjust my behaviors and kind of like overcome what's going on. Like throughout my whole life they would say like, oh make eye contact. And I know that's something I was supposed to do, but I never really did it until I got diagnosed. I don't like it either. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy for me. You know, I, it wasn't a conclusion I came to, it was something that when I was getting a divorce a few years ago, my ex-husband was talking to my mom about it, about just some of my behaviors and things and she said that she always suspected I was on the spectrum. She's used the term Asperger's, which isn't like a term people like to use anymore, but it's a term for like high functioning autism.


And then I looked online and was looking at what the symptoms were and I thought this sounds exactly like me. So I became more and more intrigued and I started talking about it a little bit because when I would, you know, share my story in interviews, I would look back on choices I made when I was younger. And knowing what I know now about being on the spectrum, those choices make a lot more sense. Not that I'm trying to blame my choices on being autistic, but it makes sense that I would feel like I can bond and be in love with like an older person who's really good at like manipulating and working people. Because when I was younger I felt like I never connected to guys my age at all. So I always felt like, oh people don't like me or there's something wrong with me and now I've finally met this man that understands me.


You know? Yeah. But looking back, I think it's just I wasn't connecting because neurologically I'm a little bit different. That's Okay Though. But once I started talking about that, I thought I really need to get a diagnosis. 'cause it's not really responsible I think for me to be going out and talking about. And I'm not putting down people who are self-diagnosed because like I said, it's hard to find somebody who actually does a diagnosis and I'm somebody who has money and resources and things and it was hard for me to find somebody. So I'm not putting down self-diagnosis. But I thought for me, if I'm really out here talking about it, I should really get a diagnosis and see what's Up. Do you have to get like medicine or anything for it? No, I mean not for me. That wasn't a treatment. I take Wellbutrin for depression.


I'm pretty open about that. Heck yeah. Yeah. I think more people should be open about that. Yeah. Oh I think so too. I'm all about talking about mental health. Like I remember not so long ago, just a couple decades ago, it was so stigmatized or I remember like 10 years ago, I was dating this asshole guy and I broke up with him and I was messaging him to like get some of my stuff back. And he had this new girlfriend who was really jealous and like getting into his phone and she was like writing me this really mean text, like slamming me. And she's like, because when we broke up it was like a public breakup. So we had said it was 'cause our schedules are different. Yeah. Because that's kinda what you say when you're just trying to be neutral. Not this guy's a raging asshole, but this girl, his new girlfriend like sent me this long text like slamming me and then she's like, and I know why you really broke up.


It's because you're on antidepressants. At the time I wasn't even on them. I had told him I had confided him that I had been at one time and that wasn't why we broke up, but that's like him going out and shit talking and trying to make me sound like I'm crazy. Like I was on antidepressants at one point, like fuck right off. So I love talking about it. How She gonna put you down over that? Like I would've shut up to our house with like a sock with a rock in it and I just went to town on her ass because fuck that. It's just insecurity. People Are crazy. That's all it is. Girls shouldn't be like that at all. I hope she listens to this and she's like, oops. I know. Maybe she'll send you like a letter and apologize. I mean I hopeful. Hopefully she's grown up. HOLLY, I seen you brought up HALIEY in one of the recent podcasts.


I did. I thought That was really sweet. Aw Thank you That was sweet because I saw the Bill Maher interview and I thought, you know, I know for you how new this all is and how intimidating interviews can be. And I just thought it was interesting how, you know, his immediate idea for you was to do a sex podcast, which if you wanted to do that, absolutely nothing wrong with that. But I think it's interesting how, you know, your viral moment happened to be a funny comment that was related to sex. But because you're a woman, it's like people automatically were like, well you should do ONLYFANS or you should do, you know, a sex podcast. But your comment was so normal, it was just such normal girl talk. And I feel like if a guy would've had a viral moment over that people would've been like, oh you're so fucking funny.


You should Stand up. But I'm a girl you, It's like ONLYFANS and Sex podcast. Exactly. So I just thought that was like a interesting conclusion to come to. And I think, I just think he could have kept in mind a little bit how much older he is than you and been a little more chill in my opinion. No, I agree. Used to make jokes about me being a whore back in the Playboy days. So that was a lot of fun. Did He ever go to the Mansion? All The time. In fact, we joke about it on our pod 'cause we do a rewatch podcast about Girls Next door and every time they show a party montage they're like, they'll have one of us comment in the confessional. There were so many celebrities there and they always kind of show the same people. And it's always like Bill Maher and Paris Hilton are the two, they always show.


But we just start joking that like nobody's gone to his I-M-D-P-I-M-D-B and like entered it. But if you entered all his guest spots on Girls Next Door, it might rival like his other catalog of stuff. 'cause it was a lot. I felt like such a dumb ass. Like after I talked to him, nobody told me he liked younger girls. I tried to hook him up with my granny. No. And he like looked at me like I was fucking crazy what I was talking about. And I remember him saying like, oh, if you know anything about me and I'm thinking what? That you're so fucking cool. You only date 20 year olds. Like Exactly. And I was like, what does he mean by that? I was like, what's he got against Granny? What's wrong with the granny? You know? I know. Little did I know he likes younger women. He had no idea. And that like I had no idea who I was going to Talk Tuah either. They're like, yeah, it's Bill Ma.


How do you say his name? Ma Mayer. Ma Mar ma ma I was like, oh okay, this older man we're gonna hit it off. 'cause I, I blend in really good with old people. I'm an old soul and I live with my granny. I get there. He took me for a spin. I wasn't ready for that. Well You know what, you handled it so well though. you were so composed and so chill and didn't say anything regrettable. So congratulations. I tried to, I was fighting demon as not to hit that joint. He had though. He was like, he wants that. I was like, Nope. And then he gave me a history lecture. I hated history in high school. So I was sitting there, I was like, alright, wrap it up, bill wrap it up. And it was just me and him and his man cave. Like I couldn't see anybody else. And I was like, oh well I guess I could stare at the floor for a minute.


Yeah, It's the worst when interviews get awkward because they're long form. Like I remember back in the day when I used to promote stuff, it would be like 15 minutes max you'd go somewhere and then, but now it's like if you get stuck in an awkward interview, forget it. Yeah. You're done for it. You just gotta sit there and listen to it. Yeah.


Quick reminder, Talk Tuah is brought to you by Betr Picks. Betr. Picks offers an easier way to win up to a thousand times your money. All you need to do is make eight correct Picks about your favorite players. And you can turn $1 into a thousand if you actually pull one crumpled up dollar out of your, you can turn it into a thousand. You know that download better and play Betr Picks and enjoy the easiest way to win up to a thousand times your money.


When I was first getting into the industry, like I was 25 when our show first came out and when you, and back then it was so bad. 'cause back then everyone wanted to be Howard Stern and Howard Stern used to be so raunchy. So you'd have to do these things called radio tours. I don't know if these are still a thing 'cause I refuse to do 'em for so long. But you're getting up at like three in the morning 'cause you have to do the East Coast feed. So you're tired and you're drinking your coffee and you're trying to be like excited to promote your show and they patch you into different radio stations across the country like every 10 minutes or sh every 10 minutes or so. And every radio host wants to be Howard Stern so bad. But they're not as funny and they're not as good at interviewing. And when you're like a girl who's dating an old man and you live at the Playboy mansion and you're promoting your like nude magazine issue, like the questions are so bad.


And I feel like I got really good at answering them and you know, being funny and doing it in a way that I thought Hef and Playboy would like and whatever. But it was still pretty miserable and very uncomfortable. So I hated doing press for the longest time. Hated it. Hated. Hated it. But that's something you felt like you had to do though, to get by a hundred. Like that's how you got into it. Yeah. So I get that totally. And I don't see any reason as to why somebody should judge you for that. You're just trying to get by. Yeah, It's crazy. Especially if I'm coming to the plate, like trying to have a sense of humor about it. Like they could just roll with that, but they didn't want to. Yeah, I've had a few interviews that have made me kind of uncomfortable. Do you remember the Australian one? Yeah, we cut it in the middle of the interview. We just closed the laptop. Yeah, really?


What Were they saying? This man, This, we prepped him by the way, on what not to do. Go ahead, HALIEY. He ended up doing all this. Yeah, they weren't supposed to ask me anything. Like just provocative. Yeah, this man looks at me. We were in our hotel room and I was on the computer. I was having such a good time. The woman was so kind. And then you have this man, he goes, so how many dicks would you say you've spit on? I was like, Jamie said, oh fuck no, he jumped up. What? Yeah, it's really crazy how people think. You know, like, Just 'cause I cracked a joke. Like I take it that way. It's Like a normal joke. Like people talk like that. It's normal. It doesn't mean you're like promiscuous or you have to be a sex expert. Exactly. Or that's the only thing you have to talk about for the rest of your life. It's just so crazy how people react. Things have really changed. Like you went from Playboy and now we have ONLYFANS.


Like it's such a twist. It's so crazy. Like I was gonna say like when you got the Playboy offer, what even is Playboy now? Is it like ONLYFANS? He said that it would be fully clothed. Yeah. And what else? An nudity. I don't, I don't know actually. But still I feel like there was like a catch to it though. So I was like, no, because like I like the Playboy brand, like clothing wise, like sweatpants and the hoodies. I was like, yeah. And I got to thinking and I was like, mm, there's probably a catch to that. I better not. Yeah, and it's hard too because sometimes even if you're doing stuff that's not nude, people will see the brand and there's like a stigma to it. So it just depends on like how you wanna be perceived and things like that. Just like fan fix. I do fan fix and everybody's like, oh, you sold your soul to the devil. That's the only fans right there.


No it's not. I'm not naked. I posted a like a lingerie picture on my Instagram the other day and somebody left a comment like, you're still selling your body. I'm like, I made no money by Posting. I'm like, and what's it to you? If that's what you wanna do and what you wanna post. I know. What's it to anybody else? It's so funny. And I like, I went to go click their account to perhaps block and it's one of those accounts where they like obviously made the account just so they can make that comment. And it's like, I'm flattered at this point. You know they live in their parents' basement. Yeah, I have a lot of those. They're like, you're ugly. Click on their account. And you're like, why does it say follow back in their profile pictures a cat or like an anime character. I'm like, okay, you live in your parents' basement and you're like 50.


Okay. I don't understand People sometimes like keep your negative stuff to yourself. I Know, it's, it's so like nobody with anything going on is leaving those comments. Exactly. They're miserable with their own lives. Totally. You've had a few interesting dms haven't you? Yeah, those ones are, I don't even like reading 'em out loud. Can you do a couple just for fun? You wanna Read it out Loud? I can read it if you Like. Yeah. Oh. no, let him, let him read the one. I be upset if I read, read this. Read. I have a, it's gonna be in the past week so I get like those group chat dms and like they have like funny names on 'em so I'm like they're Over in your request though, like on the other side, right? Yes. Yeah. And so I'm intrigued by 'em 'cause of the names and I'm like okay, okay. That's kind of funny. And I like go to radio One sentence in.


I can't read that on the podcast. That is So bad. Naked women Sprawled Eagle in my dms in the last two weeks. Like I mean Sprawled Eagle. You know it's funny when girl, like when my girlfriends would tell me the wild shit that guys say to them in my head I would just be like, I don't know about that. You know what I mean? Like are you just kind of making it dramatic for the story to be good? I don't know anyone who talks like that. Turns out everyone fucking talks like that after seeing both of their dms. It's actually un I know what goes through their head. I kind hate this One. I think you should. I think you should read the one. It's, it's really, it's really bad. Damien doesn't even wanna read it. There's a guy who like pays to send me messages on Cameo where he is just like talking sexual stuff and I'm like keep, keep sending.


I mean yeah, I'm not gonna engage. But if you Wanna the catch to the one like that DM me, it was his girlfriend's nudes I guess she sent to him but he sent 'em to me. He said, This is my girlfriend and I want to send this to you. That's poor for him. Like how the Hell are you gonna send your girlfriend's coer over here to me? I don't wanna see it. That's, that's yours. Keep it to yourself. Why are you doing her like that? You know creep. Yeah, that's bad. Nudes etiquette. You can never show. Didn't we get, how much did that guy ask us for a three way? Like 60 K. That's cheap. No Thank you. Yeah, we, I don't think you responded to that did you? What? What? What would I say to that?


Excuse me sir. We need to fourex that number price Please. Exactly. That's what I would've said. I'm like, that's awful cheap buddy. I hadn't ONLYFANS for a while During the pandemic? Yeah, it wasn't nude or anything. It was just like bikini and lingerie pictures. But I got to a point where I wasn't really comfortable with it 'cause the kind of like the captions people wanna write for you or like the account manager wants to write for you to like get people to click or starting to get kind of embarrassing and stuff like that. So I stopped doing it. But I think it's great that people can now like control their own images and make their own money. I just think for anybody trying to get into that business, they should always keep in mind that like the photos are probably gonna leak. I feel like ONLYFANS is a little bit better than Playboy week.


'cause y'all couldn't have like a say so and this and that and the other. But ONLYFANS you can post this, you can take that down if you want to. It'll probably still be somewhere but you can take it down. Yeah. You're telling or run it yourself. Troll of it. How long did you do it for? I had it up for two years. Two? Yeah. I feel like I could do like feet finder. I've had a lot of people ask me for toe pictures for, I Read something somewhere where there's something in the brain where for some people it's like feet almost get confused with genitals and This is like one of those fun facts. I feel stupid repeating 'cause I know I'm not saying it right. So somebody at home looked that up. So are you dating anybody that is, I wouldn't even say dating, talking to somebody that's like, how can I put it in the public eye?


Yeah, in the public eye probably. Probably. Yeah. Didn't she used to date Chris Angel? Yeah. Okay. He rolled your eyes. I apologize for what I'm about to ask 'cause I'm actually kind of a Chris Angel. I think Magic's kind of cool. No I like Magic. Magic. Yeah. He's a magic famous magic. She used to date like the most famous magician in the world basically. Or one of the most famous magicians. Did he ever pull you like flowers out of his coat or Anything? Yeah. I wanted to know like what kind of cool shit does he do for his girlfriends with the magic? Like does he like make like bunny rabbits appear or like does he do tricks for you, for you or no, Not with magic. Lots of jewelry and stuff. Well What's the fun in that? Yeah. Is there any like fun trade secrets we can know about the I do. I do know how all the tricks are done but I don't wanna say 'cause I feel bad even though like I know people have like revealed it before.


Like I know a lot of magicians and stuff so I feel bad. When I was at celebrity poker, this little guy that sat beside me, he was French, he was so cute dude, I should have drug him home with me. I would've paid him just to like amuse me throughout the day. Dude, don't tell guy you have a problem by the way with telling short guys how adorable they are. They hate that. Oh I can't Help it. Just so you know. They're cute If they're like that eye level with me, I'm like oh I just wanna like give 'em a little pat on the head or a new year or Something. You ruin their week every time you do that. Just so you know. I think there's nothing wrong with a short guy and I get kind of weirded out When do you ever see like tiktoks where girls are like freaking out and they're like gross. I would never date a guy under Six two. Yes. I'm like calm down. Like guys can't help it. Yeah, like that would be like, like if a guy was saying I would never date a girl less than a C cup, like people would be like, you're fucking gross.


Exactly. I feel like it's kind of like the same thing though. 'cause like women are like, oh I won't date a short guy And then you got, most guys are like, I don't like tall girls. Yeah and like if that's your preference, whatever, but like you never know who you're gonna meet and connect with and like don't be a dick about it online. I personally love tall women. Like Hasten my best friend's sister. She's like tall as all get out. I fucking love her. Like I don't imagine her being like any shorter than that. Yeah, I feel like she'd look strange if she was any shorter and it's like, oh big sister. Well when I was growing up, every girl wanted to be talks that meant you could be a model. Exactly. That was the myth anyway. But Now my ex-boyfriend, he was a little bit shorter, bless his heart. He would get so mad at me if I wore heels.


When was it? Was it junior? It was either prom, it was one of our proms, I think it was my junior prom. I wore heels and I was like maybe this much taller than him. He had a ship fit. I was like take 'em off. I was like Oh. no Oh. no. The pictures did look awkward though. I was like HALIEY you're gonna have to like scro this little bit. I tried my brother down. He got so mad about that. Bless his heart. So you have a podcast with your friend that was in the house with you, right? Yeah, I do. Me and Bridget who's on Girls Next Door with me, we do a rewatch podcast where we talk about all the episodes of the show and of course every time we watch an episode we think of like 50 crazy stories that happen. So we have a lot of fun with it. Oh Yeah. Did you guys ever wear water bras or am I crazy Water bras?


No we didn't have water brass when I was like in high school I had like a wonder bra and I stuffed it and even when I like got my first boyfriend, like I wouldn't really make out with him for so long. So I'm like, I have to like slowly take the bra down before he discovers the deception. And then by the time I was in the mansion, I had my boobs done. So I didn't need like any kind of like padding or anything like that. Did he like recommend everybody having their boobs done? I had mine done before. He didn't recommend it. Like sometimes if there was like a playmate that came along that tested, he might say something like oh you know she could make it if she had her boobs done. He tried to do that once when I worked at the studio and I'm like eh, I don't, I don't think you should really do that. Did it hurt when you get 'em done?


Yeah it does. You know you wake up and you feel like an elephant is sitting on your chest but it's not awful. Like I have a pretty high pain tolerance and I was kind of back up and doing things in a couple days. I wonder if I could go through that. I need a butt actually. I don't know if I'd look right if I had an ass. You gotta be careful with the BBLs. Yeah, Yeah. I can't picture you with it. I couldn't picture me with one either. I just think it'd look funny. Yeah, sometimes The BBL L doesn't look like it fits on the body. Like there's no like flow between like the butt and the thighs sometimes and Yeah, I'm just a little flat girl. I don't think I'd look right any other way. Yeah, I also think like naturals coming back. Like I just know like as a guy and all my friends, like when we see, I don't know, maybe like five, six years ago if we saw a group of girls with BBLs walk into a restaurant, we'd all be like, oh holy shit, look at that now when we see that we're like, oh my god, again another BBL l it's like enough already.


Like where's your real ass? Like that's like I think the real stuff is making its way back. I don't Know. See I think men think like that but me personally, if I'm walking down the street and I see a girl with a big ass on or I'm gonna look, I'm no better than a man. I'm like God and she knows exactly what I'm talking about. Every time I do that she'll turn and look. She's like wow. Yeah, I'm no better than a man. So what was your best and your worst memory from the mansion? It's all so hard to narrow it down. I feel like I'm gonna say what I think they are and then an hour from now I'm gonna be like, no it wasn't that. It wasn't that. Or or some fan is gonna call me out and be like, you lying bitch, you said this was your best moment two weeks ago. 'cause there's always people who might, We can have multiple ones though. Yeah. Okay. So considering there could be multiple, I think one of my best memories at the Mansion, I mean one was working at the studio, I got to direct the Playmate pictorials for a couple years and that job was just so fun and so rewarding and everybody I worked with was so amazing and it was fun getting to know all the girls and stuff so that that and anytime we had like a rare moment that was like a girl's day.


Like one of the trips I always talk about was Bridget's sister Anastasia was turning 21. So we took her on this like road trip up through California. We went to San Luis Obispo and stayed at the Madonna Inn and everybody got wasted and it was so much fun. So those are some of my favorite memories. Worst memory I would say is like anytime there was like group sex with like the girls I didn't get along with, it was so awful. 'cause like picture this horror story, you're like naked having sex and there's people around you who are like, you could hear them talking shit about you and like talking about your body and talking about just it's, it's like a nightmare And they body Nightmare scenario. Yeah, you're better than me. I probably would've punched a bitch in the nose.


Yeah. I'm like huh, eat that now. Your nose is crooked. Yeah. So it was a lot of highs and lows for sure. Those are probably like off the top of my head, my best and worst. So you had to be around girls that were mean to you and had to have like sex together. Yeah. But you hated each other. Yeah. you were one tough ass woman. Thanks. You were one tough ass Woman. It's, it's kind of traumatizing 'cause it's one of those things you go into and like, you know when I was 22 I just thought I could handle anything and like I was this badass and you know I should be able to like have sex like a man and nothing matters and nothing hurts your feelings. But I just got in so way in way over my head.


It was just crazy. You are, you're a badass. I feel like that's like Thank you, it shaped you who you are to be like now a Hundred percent. Like I learned so much from everything. I Have fell off the arm of this chair like 10 times sitting over here. I don't know what's going on. But yes, I feel like you're a really good person 'cause of what you've been through Thank You. Of course. So what's the craziest rumor you've heard about yourself? Oh that's easy. That I'm an MK ultra beta slave and the government has programmed me nice to like be a spy who's also like a sex partner. And I have handlers I don't know about, I mean maybes interesting. I mean maybe they brought me in to like undo the Playboy world and I don't know, You know, I have something similar to that.


You remember that Printoff, you guys got me and it said I was a Ukraine soldier, Israeli soldier. And I was, I think I saw that. What the fuck? And they're like, yeah, she's got a fake accent. How'd you know? Like, I mean I think that rumor was just something I came across online at some point and this was like 10 years ago when I first saw it and I clicked on some link and then the link I clicked on that was supposedly like all the details about like all the clues as to why I'm an MK ultra beta slave and I have Disney princess programming, whatever that is. And I was raised in Alaska on purpose because they had to keep me isolated away from other people. And my name is HOLLY because in pagan religions the HOLLY tree is like something that like protects you from evil.


Like that's why there's like a whole lore behind it. Like Harry, Harry Potter's wand is made of HOLLY. Like if you look in the, so there's like a whole, they named it Hollywood be they named the Land Hollywood because the lady was supposedly pagan. So it's like there's all this lore. So then I click on the link that's gonna tell me more lore and then it says your IP address has been blocked from seeing this. And I'm like, they blocked me from seeing my own lore. My thing is how do you have so much time in your day to come up with shit like that? And it's so like descriptive too and like into detail And I'm like, People wanna believe the conspiracy so bad. That's why like the Playboy Tunnel rumor took off. Yeah. Here's a conspiracy theory of the day we live in a goldfish bowl. You know what I, I don't necessarily disbelieve that with like aliens.


I don't And don, have you ever seen Tucker Carlson talk about like how he knows the scoop on aliens but he's like not. I became like kind of obsessed with Tucker Carlson 'cause I would see him on my FYP and it would just be short clips of him saying, you know, the aliens I was briefed on the aliens. But it's so disturbing and it would like rock people to the core. So I can't tell anybody which is giving me the impression like he thinks he's the only person equipped to handle this knowledge. So then I kind of became like fascinated with him. But like people have this theory that like we're really a breeding ground and our emotions are like an energy source for certain aliens and we're like an ant farm experiment. So the goldfish could be a thing. You know how we see a goldfish like, or better yet sea monkeys, you know, you can just look at 'em in their bowl.


They never know what's going on outside the bowl. We don't know what's outside of space. Well if there's something out there and we're just in like a big goldfish bowl. That's so true. So Was it hard exposing people in your book and dealing with the backlash from It? Yeah, I mean the backlash was really harsh 'cause my book came out in 2015 before the Me Too movement was mainstream. And people didn't really understand why I would be talking about like a casting couch being problematic or why I would be talking about like emotional abuse or narcissistic relationships. 'cause people weren't really talking about that in the mainstream so much back then. So the backlash was crazy. But also as far as people who were in that world, like I knew that nobody in that world was ever gonna speak to me again except for like a handful of close friends.


Because even before I wrote my book, like if I would be on social media and I would say something that was just kind of neutral about my Playboy experience and wasn't like hyping it up to the gods, people would get pissy at me or unfollow me people from that world. So I'm like, I can't, I can't do anything. Right. I might as well just tell the truth. They're gonna Have something to say regardless of the end of the day. So I think you should do Whatever. you want do. Totally. But I feel like you needed to expose a little bit in the book. I really do. Yeah. So everybody understands where you're coming from. Yeah. 'cause it was like every day people would come up to me and ask, how's Hef do you miss the mansion? Oh my God, are you so sad you're not there? Kind of a thing. Yeah. And I would always like say nice things because I thought that was the nice thing to do.


Oh everybody's good, everybody's fine. But it gets to a point when you, you have to do that every day and you're living a lie kind of. It starts to make you sick. And I was, shouldn't have to do that. Yeah. I just have to like tell people how it is and nobody came up to me asking How's half after that? Good, good. They left you alone about it, you said I'm straight. What was your relationship like with your family when you were in the house? Oh, I wanted to ask that too. When I was in the house, I didn't really tell my family what was going on. Like I told them I had moved in there and they didn't really know what I was doing. I kind of left it vague. And then Hef had bought me a new car or leased me a new car and then my dad came down, flew down to like take my old car back up 'cause they were gonna give it to a friend and I was giving 'em a tour of the mansion.


And it was during the day Hef was in the office and he goes, oh, so does Hef actually live here? That, that would've been my reaction. No dad. So we never really talked about stuff like that because I, you know, after getting into that relationship, like I said, I was in over my head and it was a relationship that I wasn't entirely comfortable with. Even when the reality show cameras started filming, I wasn't really comfortable with the idea of doing a show. 'cause I'm like, even though I've been here a couple years, like I don't even know how I feel about this relationship. I don't really wanna blast it. Yeah. And even if you would've told your family, I feel like they wouldn't have like Got it. Like the way you saw, I mean they know now though, right? Yeah. So what was their reaction when they like finally figured Out, out?


I don't really talk about it. This is awkward. I No, it is like I was just curious. I don't think I'd be able to talk about it either. One of my cousins would be like, so what was it like? I'd be like, mm, well everything you can imagine. Yeah, that's about all I can say. Totally. Now if you Talk Tuah like a say a friend or something, I'm sure you could tell 'em, but now your family, eh? Oh I can blast it to a pod on a podcast to a million people but not my family. I got one more question for you. Yes. What's one move in bed that makes a man go crazy? Well you go crazy. Oh, one in Bed that makes a man go crazy. You know what's funny is there was this one time, I don't know if I'm gonna narrow it down to one move, but there was this one time where I was throwing a birthday party for Bridget. And somebody had told me that there was this thing called like, it's kind of like back in the day they used to see do this thing called Tupperware parties where people would come over and they'd sell housewives like Tupperware and they'd show them like, oh you can buy, you know this container for your food.


And I know it sounds so weird by today's standards, but the way they would describe this back then is like This is like a Tupperware party but for sex toys. So I thought how funny if that that would be this party. And it was actually what we filmed for the pilot of Girls Next Door. So it's like on the DVD if anybody wants to look for it. And so these people came and they showed us like all these sex toys and like This is what you can buy. And like This is like what you put on your asshole to make it numb and just all this weird shit. But there was a book they had and it was a book. It was like a hundred different sex moves and it was like really good stuff. Like This is how you make it feel like he's having a threesome even if it's only with you. And I've tried looking for this book and I can't, I forget what it's called. I can't find it anywhere because I'm like, I could use a refresher course and don't even try to search for it.


'cause I've tried to search for it. And when you search for like sex tip books from like the two thousands, the ones you will find are so cringey. And I swear to God I'm not talking about any of those. It's like has cringey stuff in it. But there was this one book that I swear had like really good shit in it. Was he into sex toys? Yeah. I mean he had quite the collection. I, I mean did you get to use 'em on him or? I think he did back in the day. I never tried to use sex toys on him, but I'm like, come here, lemme put this Dildo grass. HOLLY Thank you for coming. You're welcome. Hey, y'all I. hope you enjoyed The show.


And if you haven't gotten yourself any Talk, Tuah, a merch, be sure to click the link in the description below so we can match. Tag me and Talk Tuah it while you're watching the episode And let us know what you think. And before you go, don't forget, Subscribe to that thing.