
Hey y'all. Welcome back to Talk Tuah. A better original download.


Better and play Betr Picks.


Alright, I need you to hit the subscriber follow button wherever you're listening. Now, That way, you never miss an episode. And while you're at it, go write me a review and leave a five star rating for talk Tuah Welcome. back to Talk Like. The dogs have the day off today and I'm very upset about it. But you could still go and donate to my charity. Pause Across America. The link is in the description below. Hello And Welcome. Back to Talk Tuah with Haliey Welch. And you know we got CHELSEA Bradford over here we have JOJO. What's up? Thank you for having me. Well Thank you for coming. Whoever came up with this name also is literally genius. You're looking at her Thank you Thank you. Yeah. That's really good.


She's really, really good. Thanks. I think somebody commented it and she was like, I like that. And I was like kind of growed on me. We had to fight really hard for it. It was like, it was like the T-shirts. If. you don't Talk Tuah. I don't wanna Talk Tuah her. Yeah. And I was like, that's good. That's good. Yeah. What was the other one? You get me? That was a possible one. Yeah, I mean, Talk Tuah is good. Talk Tuah is good. It's good because I'm talking to it, you know. So you've been on a whirlwind, haven't you? Me? Yeah. I was always. So what's like the latest thing you've been up to? Well, this morning I was in Atlanta. That's been, that was fun. Just there though. For my, my girlfriend, she was teaching there and had a dinner there, so I went to go support her, be with her, man. What am I, what am I up to right now?


I'm prepping for a movie right now, which is really fun. Oh, JOJO movie. Excuse me. Hold, hold the fuck up. I'm really excited about it from, for a movie. I've got, I've been in the recording studio. I've got, I've got a couple new songs that I really, really enjoy. There's, there's like 28 in my like, back pocket, but there's like these three right now that we just recorded that I'm really stoked about. I, I'm doing this big, it's a big charity event. Industry dance awards. It's for the, it's for the dance community and the dance world, but it benefits dancers against cancer. And I'm choreographing the opening number for it, which has like 70 people in it. So it's, it's a headache, but in the best way possible.


What's the movie gonna be about? Year Stuck. I was so excited. I can't really talk too much about it, but I'll, it's very deep, it's very drama and it is about two things. I'll say this, it's about an experience that I've never gotten to have, which I'm excited about. And it's also about a horrific traumatic experience that I did go through when I was very, very young. And so I'm kind of excited to tell that story on screen. Ooh. So it's like I get something that I've been through and something that I haven't been through all at once. This is gonna be fun. I'm excited to watch and I get to be gay in it, so that's good. There you go. I always get afraid that I'm gonna have to play a straight person. I'm like, I can't do it. I can't. You don't think you could? I mean, if I had to I could, but I think if I had to kiss a man, I would like lose it.


Yeah. You're not missing anything. I'm not missing, you're not missing anything coming from you. Yeah. You're not missing much. Okay. I mean, I'll take it because I mean, you gotta like worry about too much tongue, you know, them spitting in your mouth and slobbing. They're fucking gross. Half of 'em don't even brush their teeth. Ew, Oh. yeah. You're not missing much, but yet you like them. Yeah, I do. Don't I? I guess I'm a nasty bitch. That works. All right, let live Sip your mimosa. She is not drinking orange juice for anyone that was wondering. That is orange juice. There's no way That's only orange juice. It's okay. Maybe there's like a little extra in there too.


Sure. Maybe. So I saw, what was it called that you just done and you had on like a little golden outfit? Oh Yeah. The Lady Gun. Oh, the Lady Gun Photo Shoe Magazine cover shoe. Yes. I bet that was fun, wasn't it? It so, no, actually I have, I, for some reason photo shoots are really tough for me. I, I'm, I'm, I hate, I hate like a hype up to myself, but I'm, I'm good at photo shoots. Like I can, I can do the job, but they're very mentally a big, big struggle for me in my career. And so the day always involves a cutie little like, ah, I'm so inside my brain right now.


And it happened that day and it was, I ended up being fine. I got through the day and it was so worth it. 'cause the pictures turned out so sick. It was definitely something I've never seen before. Like the Bulge dude. Where the fuck did you get that? The stone bulge. The stone bulge is I was seen it like two days ago and I was like, you were like, oh, she's got a dick. No, it was very She iconic though. She does. And we were just giving a little, a little spice, a little, little gender bend a little. You can be anything you want. Be a little, you're damn right. You know, it's just kinda spice spice it up a little. It's, it's kinda like back in the day when Harry Styles wore a dress, obviously wearing a bulge is a little different than wearing just a dress. But you stuck out.


I think you should do more of that though. And I think it just kind of is like, one thing about me is I like to be for the people that are different, for the people that don't fit in and for the people who are just unafraid to take risks. And I feel like being that person, I have to go as far as I possibly can into the risk zone. You know what I mean? I have to explore the risk zone to like, see what it's like. How do you deal with like, the hate from it? Who? It's brutal. Yeah. I get you. It's tough. What'd you say? I get you there. Yeah. It's really hard. People, people are just dicks. Hey CHELSEA, you wanna see a magic trick? I'm gonna turn this dollar into a thousand. Nuh. Okay, watch You.


ready? What are you doing? I'm making a lineup on Betr Picks. Duh. You could turn $1 into a thousand simply by making eight Picks. And done. See, we're locked in for this Sunday. Let me show you how to turn $1 into a thousand, download better and play Betr Picks. I mean there's, there's multiple ways that I deal with it and there's multiple ways that I don't let it get to me. And there's multiple ways that it does get to me. Yesterday, for example, please share. What'd you say? Please share. No, it's, it's, it's hysterical. I, I posted this dance video two days ago and it blew up and people loved it and it did really good and people were very supportive of it. And it's kind of rare in my career these days. So I was like, wow. Posted it from a different angle. Same, same video from a different angle. Horrific comments.


Like, I, I privated the video 'cause I was like, This is so stupid. I'm not letting this float. But literally the, the video, the first angle, I'll read you the top three comments. Okay. Top three comments are his goal. 'cause those are my friends. I don't think everyone realizes that the cringe part was just a marketing tactic before she's fire. Comment number one, This is the JOJO. We asked for comment number two. This is the JOJO. We like see number three, JOJO eight moment. Sorry. But this eight don't lie y'all. Okay. These are all those comments. I posted the same exact video. Different angle, top three comments. Hey, I have, okay, This is, This is, I don't know if This is somebody trying to be offensive or funny, but it's definitely offensive and not funny at all.


But hey, I have autism too. And it's nice to see people spreading awareness of people with without condition sending hugs. And they're saying that in like a, a dick tone. Oh. Yeah. Definitely not, not in like a funny tone, you know what I mean? Or, or in like a like actual like, like if someone was to say Like, hey I think it's cool that you're spreading dyslexia, Fuck you I have dyslexia. You know what I mean? Yeah. And I am spread it like sure the spider on my floor at 3:00 AM this was shown to me against my will. I would probably also scream not because I liked it, it was fine till the end. Well that was something not coming back like a boomerang. The floor is a victim, the same video from a different angle. And so it's like, that makes no sense. It made no sense. I even looked at your phone. I'm nosy as fuck. Yeah, I apologize. But it was definitely the same video.


It was like one to the side and then like one right in front of her. No, I also likeand being the nosiest person ever. I straight up told my girlfriend, I was like, I will never go through your phone 'cause I think something's wrong. I will go through your phone. 'cause I'm just curious. I'm nosy. That's my problem. I know how gossip is like, yeah. Oh, what are you chatting with your mom about? I'm just curious. Yeah, I just wanna know. I I literally don't care. You could literally say like, I am so over my girlfriend right now, yada, yada yada. And you could talk shit about me. And I'd be like, no, I asked for it. Like, yeah, over here. I don't think you're cheating on me. I don't think I'm not stalking you. I just genuinely am curious like, what food did you eat today? And I know you took a picture of it, so I'm just gonna look and like you get bored of your own phone. Like I wanna see something different. That's why I look at her TikTok and she's always on my phone. I all the time like, can I play on your phone?


Like you got any games that I don't have? Literally. Yeah. But now dealing with, dealing with the assholes, it's, it's just the territory. You know what I mean? And I've gotten to a point in my life where I have a really good group of people around me and my best friends are my favorite people in the world. And I didn't have them a year ago. They came into my life in this hectic year post karma in who I am now and for them to be in my life. They wouldn't be in my life if I wasn't a good human. You know what I mean? And so no matter what the world says, I have this bubble of people that I to hold onto so, so tightly and yeah.


Wouldn't, wouldn't train for the world. So they, they, they kinda of keep me, keep me on my toes. Keep you in line a little bit. They do, they do. They keep me stable. They keep me happy. I just had this thing happen at my house the other day in my backyard. I can talk about it. 'cause it makes a lot more sense what happens in your backyard. Yeah. It just makes a lot more sense. Basically. Gunshots went off in my, like my backyard leads up to someone's front yard and in their front yard. And so it was very scary. I was very scared. I was in a shooting when I was a kid. So it was very like, ah, traumatizing. But then I posted on my close friends like, oh my God. Like, I don't know what's going on right now. Like, I can't Talk Tuah anybody 'cause I'm just gonna scare everybody.


But like, here's the video, here's what just happened. This. And every, every single person, it's like 12 people on there. But all 12 reached out and was like, call me. Like I'm here for you. And so like seeing that I really had people like rally around me when I really needed it. Like again, it was that same thing of like, damn, I really have good people around me. You need more of that. Yeah. Less like the negative shit I guess. Yeah. Yeah. They keep me, they keep me happy. That's good. They're good. They're good people. I love 'em. I got a little group like that. Do you? I do. It's good. Keep 'em close. And you got all the haters and shit. Like what you got. Ah, they're still watching. So at the end of the day you win. They still watching. We LAUGHING, ALL, THE, WAY, TO, THE, BANK all the way to the bank. That's what I always say.


Say it again. We're LAUGHING, ALL, THE, WAY. TO THE. BANK. I love it. So like your car right here? Yeah. When you gonna take me for a ride in it? Okay, so that car actually don't have anymore, but I have a different one with my face on it. Is your face on it? I have a different one with my face. I have dude, how do you even like get that? How the hell do I get one? You just have it wrapped. It's actually fairly easy. You any car wrap company can do it. Yeah, that, that was my car. I actually just gave that one to my cousin. I took the Is your face still on it? I took the wrap off of it. I definitely took the wrap off it, but I think you should have left your face on it. Yeah, here you go. No, we didn't want people to egg it for her. Like Oh, flash tires or anything. So we, we, we fixed it up.


But yeah, so they, my family has it now. But yeah, I have a Lamborghini now that has my face on Oh. Yeah. Look at you. I you driving a Lambo Haliey. You gotta get to one of those. I can barely drive. Yeah. Like it's a hassle. Oh, you don't drive? Not very much. I mean, look out here driving is the hardest thing to do. I can't do it out here. Yeah, no it's not. I can't drive on the interstate at home where it's not as busy. But out here I'm like, oh, I'm getting brain fuck looking at all the time. Yeah, no, it's so bad. It's so bad out here. She is like a hack. I get us there. Yeah, you do get us there. But you do you drive? Are you from there? Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm from Tennessee too. Got it. But she can drive on the interstate, which I cannot Got it. But now when she's driving, my asshole is biting the seat while she's driving.


But we always get to where we need to be. See how long have you That's the important part. Six or seven years. Oh wow. Yeah. So like in high school. Yeah. And then her sister and then my other best friend were like a little friend group. Cute. That's my shit right there. I done a podcast with 'em.


Hi ladies. This episode is brought to you by manscape, the global leader in men's lifestyle products. If you're looking for the perfect gift in your man's life, well I got something special for you. Every man loves the feeling of a fresh barbershop shave. What if he could experience that at home? Manscaped ISS latest innovation, the chairman Pro electric foil shaver the tool that brings the luxury of a professional shave right to his bathroom. Rather, he loves a clean, smooth shave or he likes to keep that rugged shadow. The Chairman Pro is designed for effortless style. What makes that shaver so good? You're never gonna believe this. Like it comes with two different interchangeable blades. It leaves pooky feeling smooth as a baby's butt. Okay, what else does it do? So there's a waterproof feature that doesn't make it just easier to use. It simplifies cleanup too. It even comes with the travel lock. It's even perfect for business trips or weekend getaways with Pooky. Cool. So head over to manscape.com and use code Tuah. That's TUAH for 20% off and free shipping.


So how's your music going? Pretty solid. No complaints. I got new, new shit. I've recorded a bunch of new ones, new songs. I'm very excited. I kinda, I kind of like, karma was like my shit. Like, that was like a song that I wanted to have The other round that I put out. I kind of got influenced to put out by a lot of different people and it wasn't necessarily my kryptonite. And so I have like taken my second to be like, no, I wanna release my kryptonite. Like I wanna find what my shit is and put that together and do that. So I've taken the time now to do that and we're So, karma was not your shit. Karma was my shit. After Karma though. I released a couple more songs and I love them, don't get me wrong, but they're just not about Yeah, with guilty pleasure.


Choose your fighter Balance baby. And yesterday's tomorrow's today and I really like the songs, but they're just not karma and they're not the new ones, you know what I mean? They're, there was just some sort of like, people around me, like this one, people around me like that one and they don't really go together and it kind of just, we kind of chucked them out and like hoped for the best. And I don't like to do stuff like that, you know? I like to really put some thought and effort behind it. You had me and my whole friend group, when you come out with Karma, like walking around the house, just fucking singing it, it's so catchy. Like sticks in the back of your brain and it will not get out. I'll take it, I'll take it. I was, ah, I was like getting judged out. They do. Do you write any of the songs yourself? So the song, yesterday's Tomorrow's today, I'm a writer on and the song Guilty Pleasure, I'm a writer on, but choose your fighter Karma and fuck me, I'm Balance Baby.


There it is. Those three I did not write. But then the ones that are coming out, I'm a writer on mostly all of 'em. So what is your guilty pleasure? My guilty pleasure. Probably my sweet girlfriend. So I had that come to be an item. I was getting to that look. You gave me a perfect area to like swap. Yeah. Be my guest. Yes. No, I, I love her and I, she's literally my favorite thing to talk about. So please ask away anything you wanna know. How long have you been together? It's, it's so cutie and baby. Just over two months. Just over two months. And you're already like head over heels? I, I mean head over heels. I'm the same fucking weight. You see Pooky out there? Yeah. Oh, is that the same? You're the first person to actually meet Pooky.


His name is Pooky. We'll go with Pooky. We call him Pooky. We call him Pooky. How long have you been Pooky been together? I am looking at you for a name. They've been a situation for a long time. Yeah, yeah. Like a year maybe, Right? How long? Like a year? It's definitely been longer than that. That's my last three years. Yeah. Two or three, three years. Yeah. And you're official now. We might as well be, there's like really not a label on it. Like he hasn't Isn't that why you flew him out? So it was like supposed to be made official yesterday? Was that the point? Let's not get into this conversation. CHELSEA. I'm just gonna look at you. Don't look at me. This is all you right there? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. He hasn't necessarily like asked, but we're together if that makes Yeah, like you would, if like, if you were to introduce me to him, you'd be like, oh, This is my boyfriend.


Like, you would, but like you would, you guys haven't really stopped even though he hasn't asked. Eh, it's fine. There's another reason. Just leave fucking men alone. Stay away. Problem. Stay away. Don't worry. I'm, I'm locked down. Have you ever had a boyfriend? Yeah, I was, so my first kiss was with a boy and after we worked together for like a cutie month, like talking, but never official. And then a couple months later I had a first boyfriend. His name was Mark. He was precious. And what Mark Thomas was it, it was not Mark Thomas. Mark Thomas. I thought I was like, what a fucking minute. Mark Thomas did try it though for a while with me. He tried it for a very long time. He kept wanting to hang out and I was like, yeah, let's go bowling.


He was like, come on, can we cuddle? And because it was at the time when like kids would cuddle. That's so sick. And I was like, or we could just go bowling. He was like, how about bowl and cuddle? I was like, what about laser tag? So like, how about laser tag and Cuddle I was like, mm, no. Clearly gay. Fuck. If a man was to ever text me and be like, let's cuddle, I'm gonna throw up like eight fucking times. Honestly though, I like, if I didn't have the best girlfriend in the whole wide world and I was a single Pringle and I hadn't found her yet and someone text me to cuddle, I'd be like, be my fucking guest. Please wear we meeting. Like I would love it. So you're a cuddler, you big spoon or a little spoon? Big spoon. I like to be little. What? I like to be little. I like to be baby and take, because I, okay, so my girlfriend explains it really, really well.


I have big dick energy. Yeah. Okay. Shit. Like I do, like, I walk into a room and it's like, I have, I have, yeah. Yeah. And it's, it's undeniable. People have tried to be like, no you don't. No I do. Like you got big dick energy. I'll say I don't Thank you. Like it's, it's not a good thing. It's not a bad thing, it's just a thing. And, but when it comes like time and it's just like, just me, I'm at home, I have a switch and it's like, you like a little softy behind closed doors? No, it's like my dick gets soft and I'm just like, like, it's like a light switch goes off immediately. And my girlfriend always jokes. She's like, I never expected that to happen.


She's like, I thought you were gonna be that like, like a hard ass, you know, hard ass all the time. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and not like, like just like it is literally big dick energy. Like, she was like, I didn't expect that to go away at some point. But it does. So I'm definitely, I'm definitely baby spoon vibe. But I will be big spoon. Like when we fall asleep, we fall asleep as me big spoon. She cuddles into me. But if we're cuddling and just watching a movie, like, get your arm around me. I'm nuzzling into you. And I'm like seven inches taller than her. So it's awful. Dude. As soon as she like walked out on the porch and I looked over and saw you there, I was like, oh, her dick is big. Thank you, Thank you Thank you. I've pride myself in it. Oh, are you a top or bottom?


What do you think? Probably a top. Alright, I'll take that. Are you so I are you both? Ah. Oh, he is shaking his head. So I, I have been a bottom for a very long time. I am definitely, definitely was like always bottom, like always never fucked around being top, like always bottom. But then in my most recent and bestest relationship ever, I have dabbled into top land and it's fun top definitely. But I, I don't know. I I prefer being bottom.


Yeah. I am definitely like, no, I have to, but now you're comfortable being top. But like, I, so I'm, it's, I don't like being a top and this isn't me tooting my own horn. This is just me like straight up giving fact I'm a really good top. 'cause I know what I like as a bottom. Yeah. So I can be a really good top. 'cause I'm like, oh, I would want this. You know what I mean? She got it. So I can, I can be a good top. And that's, I don't know, I'm, I'm, I'm getting, I'm so excited for my question at the end. It's ridiculous. Oh my God, I'm so scared. No, you shouldn't be scared. I'm so excited for it. Can we jump? So what's one moving bed that makes a woman go crazy? Yeah. Oh my gosh.


Be think good about that in the back of your head. What's one? I mean there there's a lot. What's your favorite? Like what's my go like, my like Well I answered my I was that right there actually Talk Tuah. Yeah. One can be directed towards men and one can be directed towards Oh, I've never slept with a man. I ride myself on that one. No fucking way. Never slept with a man. What? I know. Me neither. Yeah. Yeah. I've never, that's kind of cool though. Yeah. I've never touched a dick. I've never sucked a man. I've never hoed two wood tight.


You're not missing much. Never. Monsters never needed to. I feel like women are like cleaner than men too though. For sure. So we got like the best of both worlds. Absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. Okay. I can, I can say my thing. I'm a big teaser. I love a good tease. Like, what you doing? You biting on their ear. What you doing? Yeah. I just like teasing around Like. hey, I know exactly what you want, but I'm not gonna give it to you. I'm gonna get really, really close to giving it to you. Really close, but I'm not gonna give it to you. Ah, it's my favorite. And it makes the girls, oh, it makes, I can't say girls. I can say girl. I can say I'm, I mean I'm head over heels for Miss DeKay.


This girl has changed. What's her name? DeKay. DeKay? Yeah. That's cute. I've never heard that. How'd you guys meet? So we met because we were filming a TV show together. Oh. and she was, she was actually a contestant on the show and I was a judge on the show. And so yeah, she did, she did the show. I did the show. We weren't, we weren't allowed to talk on the show so we weren't friends. But the first time that I ever spoke to her as judge, she was actually having a showmance with somebody else on the show. And I was like, so how are you? And his name was Anthony. So I was like, how are you and Anthony? And the first thing she ever said to me was, good. You wanna know something funny? And I was like, yeah, of course.


Like it's funny vibes right now. It's the first time we ever spoke. She was like week one the producers how, who asked me who I had a crush on. And I said, you I was like, I really thought you were gonna tell me. Okay, I'm gonna go. So I ran away whatever show ends and then whatever cut to a few months later, she's still in a relationship. I actually started a relationship with somebody else from the show. Didn't work out, her relationship didn't work out. And then we slowly kind of became friends and I was like, Ooh, This is dangerous territory. 'cause like she said, she liked me. I like, I could see myself falling for her. She's a beautiful girl. And obviously during the show, like I didn't let myself have any thoughts towards anybody.


Yeah. Keeping my head down, doing my job and whatever. But then we started to become friends and one thing led to another and yeah, now she's my sweet, sweet girlfriend. We started dating like two months after the show started airing. So I feel like if you were like marry her, you'd have like a sick ass engagement like photo shoot. Oh. Like, like you do something like no man has ever fucking done. I and I will always do it up. Like maybe she did like a, what do they call those things? A hot air balloon? Yeah, that'd be good. That'd be pretty fucking fun. Hot air balloon. Oh, I can't wait. I can't wait. We got cutie promise rings. Aw. And like it made me be like, so it's just mine me simple that it's cute. But they're both engraves. So in the engrave in mind says forever crush.


'cause she, I always get scared. She always had like a fever crush on me. Like she's tall and smells good, but I was like, that's gonna go away. And so she, we put forever crush in mind that way. I remember that. It's never going away. And then hers says no running because she always thinks that I'm gonna just wake up one day and like run, run away. Yeah. And I'm not, it's not gonna happen. So what do you do to keep like the relationship alive? You like get her flowers. I'm a, I'm very romantic. I I I am a a flower girl. I'm a gift girl. I'm a like, I'm an overly thoughtful girl. I never would've guessed that either.


Talk Tuah is brought to you by Betr Picks. Betr Picks is the only pick 'em fantasy. We could play up to a hundred thousand dollars. Maybe you didn't hear me a hundred thousand dollars just from watching football and predicting how your favorite players will do. It's super simple and fun and it makes watching the NFL or watching your partner watch the NFL that much more fun when you got a chance to win up to a hundred thousand dollars. So download, better play Betr Picks.


Like I feel like you're who you are. 'cause of your childhood too. And you were doing like dance. Yeah. What was dance mom? Dance mom. I definitely had a different childhood but I kinda, I I kind of am scared to like let my brain develop more and get older. 'cause I'm like, damn, what am I gonna realize? Yeah, exactly. That I can't understand yet about my childhood. And I think even when I have kids, I'm gonna have some realizations like, oh I, my childhood wasn't like this. You know what I mean? So I am definitely afraid of my brain getting more mentally mature 'cause of that reason. But I had a great childhood, you know what I mean? Like I, I watched you shit Thank. you, I'm honored. So are you still friends with any of the girls? Me and Kalani are really good friends. Yeah. We've always been good friends.


Love her. Then oddly Gia is like one of my best friends in the whole world. The girl who did the choreography and of course Abby, I'm still tight with Abby for her. I love watching her stuff. She's the best. She's so fun. She's so entertaining. I wanna meet her. You should. I wanna meet her so bad. I got you. Is she that intense off camera or is it Okay now that I'm older, she's not intense. She's not scary. I mean, I respect the shit out of her. So I would never do anything to make her get to the scary point in life. and she met you, who you are. Yeah, exactly. She had a big impact with that. I feel like. For sure. I mean, look, everything with my childhood wasn't normal. Like I was working as an 18-year-old when I was nine. And not even an 18-year-old, 20 something year old when I was nine.


And it, it, like I was in charge of 60 people on a world tour when I was 15. Like that's not normal. Like a 15-year-old isn't supposed to be 60 people's boss. You know what I mean? And so it's, I've definitely, I've definitely had a very different childhood. Something that's like a little wrong that happened when I was a kid. There's like, there's so much shit but there's nothing, you know what I mean? It's like there's not one big like, ah, this happened to me, which I'm lucky about. 'cause I think a lot of child stars that actually is the case where they're like, this happened and I'm fucked up because of this. You know what I mean? But I, I didn't really have that. I had a good family around me and I always had older friends.


I feel like you had like grow up sooner than you wanted to though. For sure. I always, I've always been really mature even from before I was in the industry. Like I, I originally got pulled outta school because I couldn't be with kids my own age. I always had friends that were older than me. I never was. That's a good thing though. It's great. I'll Yeah, like mentors are a little bit mentor mentors. Yeah. Is that, is that how you say it? Wait, you had like a crazy childhood. I had a very fucked up childhood. Really? Yeah. Damn. I'm a granny baby. Was that like, like my granny raised me. Aw, wait. Same as my girlfriend. Yeah. Her grandma raised her. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you better watch her then. You better watch her then.


It is coming from me. Is your granny good? My granny's good as gold. Good. She's awesome. I wouldn't trade that girl for a, I wouldn't trade her for a big taco platter. You would? Well now I love food. You like eat. That's, that's big. Look, one thing that I always tell my girlfriend is that maybe it's not fair. Right? And you see people with a normal mom and dad. Right. And you want that. You crave that. That's normal. It was always really awkward on like Mother's Day. And then all my friends would be like, oh I can't hang out. You know, I gotta do something for Mother's Day. I'm like, ah, well fuck. Okay fuck me then what am I supposed to do today? Exactly. Yeah. I never had to celebrate it. Yeah. Which now that I look at it, I'm glad she's the way she is. 'cause I wouldn't be who I am without her life would be completely different.


Like I feel like I'd be a, I don't even wanna say normal girl, but like, I don't know. I feel like I'd be different if I did have a mom. Everything would be different. Your food that you like would be different. Your n nails that you get would be different. I mean everything would be different. And the universe truly does protect you in weird ways that we as humans can't understand. And it's so hard. But you, one thing that I've learned with her is that she had a grandma that made the choice to raise her. And I think you might have a similar situation where your grandma didn't have to. You know what I mean?


Hell no. She didn't have to. And so you have somebody that loves you, like even beyond a mother or fatherly love because they chose to be your mother. You know what I mean? They chose to be, she made me appreciate things like a lot more too though. Yeah. Because like I had to work for everything I had. Yeah. Before all this shit happened. Is she like a sweet granny? Like a sweet old lady or is she like a like young hip granny? She's, she is sweet. Don't throw her under the bus. She's so I, she's definitely a little country twangy. Granny. Yeah. She takes no shit off anybody. Apple doesn't fall from from the tree. Yeah. You're exactly right. Nope. I'm so curious as your story. Can you share any, you don't have to. It's remember earlier when we were like, I'm just nosy.


Like I'm just curious. It's less nosed. It's more like curious. 'cause you seem, I mean my dad, he's, he's around but like, not as much as he could be I guess. Yeah, he is been around a whole lot more this year. But before that he was always doing his own thing and which I grew up like that. So I find it like strange when he'd like stay the night with us and stuff like that. I'm like Granny, why does he stay the night with us? This is a girl household, you know. So granny's his mom. Yes. Got it. And then my mom, she's a drug addict. She's been an addict my whole life. And then my nana, God bless that woman, that girl's a hoot. She's like one of those nanas that's like crazy, you know like there's UFOs in the sky. That's, that's my nana love. We love Nana though. Love Nana's a hoot.


But eh. Yeah. I don't know. Granny's raised me. It's your life and it's not normal but it's your normal, you know what I mean? It is my normal. What the fuck is normal at this point? You're damn right. Nothing. But you got a good granny that took you in. Did her biggest, I blame her for having this accent too. Probably. Yeah. Like if I would've had like a mom. Actually I blame you Stephanie Fuck. you, is Stephanie your bio mom's name? Yes. Yep. Like If. you would've just stepped up and raised me. I wouldn't have an accent and sound like to mater. Hey we love the to mater accent. Yeah, you wouldn't, you would not. You literally would not have this podcast. Tell her what we did to that guy. We got beside at the, at the red light.


Oh. There was like a billboard with like ooky new Toba movie and Haliey rolls her window down and she's like, look it's me. And he looked up and he was like, oh that does look just like you. HALIEY was like Fuck you. It was so funny. I like rolling down my window with people. They're like stopped in traffic and talking to people. I got a new game for you to play then what is it? Sing a song that they will definitely know. You have to look at the person, you have to assess the situation. You have to sing a song, get them to sing with you. But the hard part is like, it has to be a song that you know they will know easiest with old white people saying Sweet Caroline, they got you. Oh Yeah. Definitely. Or don't stop Believing by Journey. Like you can, you can really know your crowd.


So fun. What is that song Off White Chicks? We've been singing. Oh the Making My Way Down Sam Past. Yeah, that's a good one. That is such a, a good one Need. Whatcha gonna be for Halloween. Girlfriend and I are trying to decide right now. She wants to be Waffle House workers. I'm kind of down. Okay. We, we really don't know though. Nobody has ever done that. That I know of. I think you should do that. Just like kind of, kind of fun. I don't know. You're looking at Joe Dirt and Kid Rock. Yep. Literally that's our costumes. Fun. Yeah. You ever watched Joe Dirt? But You too. You need to watch it. I look just like it when my hair is wet. It's like a mullet kind. I'm on it. I'll watch it. Oh JOJO, I heard you had a alter ego.


Radical Rick. Radical Rick. That's what it was. Ratty daddy. I do. Ready Daddy. The Rick Star, the trickster. So does radical wrinkling come out when you're like drunk? Like hoisted? Yeah, Roddy. Roddy. So one thing that we learned about me is I can slam alcohol like nobody's business. I can down it like, it's like, like Fireball. Like it's bad. Like I, my tolerance is crazy. On my 21st birthday the night before we got like hammered at midnight. So I was technically 21. So we got hammered and then the day of my birthday we were drinking around the world at Disneyland. And Okay so the, for context, I did these videos in Disneyland.


Right. But it, I, I edited down from the 24 hours, the 30 seconds of me being the like most sloppy. Everyone that was there with me though that day was like, how are you standing? Like I drank. Everyone saw me like take a sip of alcohol for the video. You didn't see me finish it though. Everything I had that day I finished because I was like, oh was this the Disney? It was the Disney Day. Yeah, I remember seeing that. Finish everything. But then what happens is it's my brother's birthday at midnight. So my birthday's on the 19th. His is on the 20th. So we have to rally until his birthday. I'm on my feet all night long. Didn't throw up. I drank everything 'cause I was like, I'm just gonna throw it up at night. Yeah. Didn't throw up anything. Also had mono.


So I didn't recognize being hungover. I just felt still sick with mono. Like IE everyone I went with my best friend G Flip their like tour crew came with us. And so all of them are like roadies and it's like I was with people that can pou some alcohol. I was Tyler Cameron, Tyler can pounce some alcohols with my brother. He can pou some alcohol. And everyone was like, how are you okay right now? Like how are you not sloppy? How are you? I used used to be like that. Like it was scary. So now I stay away before my birthday this year, I've never got hung over. Really? Like in my entire life. Never been hung over. I wake up still drunk, but I don't feel bad. Yeah. Now this past year since my birthday I can wake up and I got like a little bitty headache.


But the day after my birthday, oh my gone. God it was awful. Was it? Oh hell no. It's so bad. I stayed in my room with like the curtains black. I did not come outta my bedroom till like nine o'clock that night when I come to your house. Like I got his wine and pizza. I was like alcohol. Keep it away from me. Yeah. No it's not the pocket now. I only drink when I'm on stage. I watch something that says you like Fireball. I do. I drink Fireball on stage. Oh I love fuck. So I did. It's so fun. I did a shot of Tito's on stage and that was fun. Got the crowd riled up. Then I was like, I wanna do Fireball so I can get the crowd to sing Fireball. And so now I get the crowd to sing Fireball. And then I take the shot. The genius. Fun. That is genius. Your concerts do look like a lot of fun. We started to get tickets that one time. Do we not like? Okay.


Looks like fun. Okay. Anytime y'all wanna come. I got you. Oh, we gotta go. We definitely gotta go. Yeah. Never get a ticket. That sounds like so much fun. It is fun. I keep the concert fun. I keep the audience entertained. I make sure everyone's having a good time. It's Does it not make you nervous being on stage? No it doesn't. It sends me into a spiral. I don't know. It's the feeling of you would rather do literally anything else in the world, but you are not going to, you're gonna do this thing that you are deathly terrified of but you would rather do anything else. It's that feeling. It is that feeling. It is that feeling. Like when I done zag Bryant I was like, oh my God. Or it's the feeling of, man, I really hope something happens right now so I don't have to do this.


I feel like I tried to sit there and manifest something and they're like, oh actually from stage, what would happen if I just like tripped down the stairs and broke my arm and couldn't go. I think we'd done it for me. Zach Bryan wasn't so bad. But then we done rocked the south and evidently there's like a video. There's like, oh nobody clapped for the hot to girl that went on stage. Everybody I could see clap. For me it's like I was a, to talk about it was so stupid. Like they're ignorant. They look for anything I saw it was you that your video was like, people are saying I have 15 minutes of fame so I'm gonna spend all 15 of it doing good. Yeah. I loved that video. Good. I feel like there's not enough of it though. No. At all. And you're, you're also doing something like, well Thank you, like you, you were kind of designed to have 15 minutes. Right.


Like that's like the pocket of the world that we live in. But you have made it into something. I mean I didn't ask for any of this shit and I went my whole life without anything that I have now. Right. So why wouldn't I give back? Right. Yeah. That's cool. I feel like it's a good cause. And like animals, they can't ask for it. Yeah. Like. hey I need help. They can't do that. Yeah. So like I wanted to go out and do something that's good. You know? And maybe some homeless people too. Yeah. That don't chase me down the street with a stick and yell at me. That all happened. It's only in LA though. Yeah, it's definitely only here. 'cause I've never had that kind of like interaction. I have some rapid fire questions for both of you to answer. Not rapid fire. Let's, she's about to cook us. No I'm not. These are actually interesting.


Alright. What's the craziest date you've ever been on? Oh my God. I spent, This is so bad. I spent like 60 grand in one weekend on this girl just to get laid and it didn't work. Fuck, you didn't know this. Yes you did. It was right after Dancing with the Stars. You know who I was with? I said I was after Dancing with the Stars. Like Yeah, after like an episode or after the season. So it was right after me and my best friend met. I didn't realize that's what I wanted, but I literally was just horny. Like I thought I was just trying to have a girlfriend. Nope. I was just horny. How old were you? Okay. 18. Yeah, that's that. Yeah. Yeah. I was a fetus. Yeah. Do you know this person?


I mean, I was like halfway public with her, but like, not really. No, but I courtside Lakers backstage. Disney Security first class tickets, Lord, four nights. Did you, did you end up getting laid? Nope. What Fuck you sit, you fucking laid. Still didn't get laid. Were you not pissed? I was confused. She became my girlfriend as well. She was like, she was like, I don't, okay, well If you did. That's a little No, she was, This is on day two. She was like, I don't do things unless like someone's my girlfriend as we're making out. And so I was like, wanna be my girlfriend? She said Yes. Thought I was gonna get laid then still gonna get laid. She still didn't let you crack. What the fuck? and she told me that she loved me. And I for sure looked over my back and I was like, I love You too.


We, we've honestly, we have laughed about it now. We have laughed about it now. She reached out. She was, she she was trouble when, when we broke up, obviously we were both just young and dumb. And so she reached out and I was Like. Hey, looking back. Sorry. I was a bitch when we broke up. Like we weren't even together. I had no right And I was like, yeah, you really didn't. But I feel like you have like a fuckboy ego. I fucking love it. I, yeah, I for sure had a player face. I had a player face. I did. I don't anymore. I'm so out. I am so fucking tied down to Mr. K. Like I, I am so head over heels for this girl. I would give anything for her. I would do anything for her. It's dude, I BETR be invited to the wedding. Ah, of course. Because I would be like, yeah, that's her. She used to be a player.


She used to be be a fuck boy. I got her. I definitely, from like the time I was 18 to 19. I was for sure a little fuckboy. I feel like that'd be so much fun though. It was. It was like I can't, I usually play this game. Like if I slide into a mask, lesbians dm, like how long till they'll hit me back. Like yeah. Yeah.


Election day is coming up on November 5th and there's a website, Send the vote.org/talk that makes registering to vote very easy. It's a nonpartisan, meaning they don't care who you're voting for. They just want to ensure you can vote. Head over to Send the vote.org/talk and they'll help you sign up, register and check if you're all set. You can also text Talk Tuah 3 3 0 2 2 to learn more. That's TALK 3 3 0 2 2.


Anyways. You're a crazy date. You know, I think I've maybe been on two or three dates outta my life and I don't think any of 'em were ever crazy. Pooky needs to step up. I agree. Pooky has not took me on a date. Pooky needs to get his shit together. Pooky is getting a Buk. The Pooky time. He's getting Pooky for right now. He's getting Thank. you JOJO. Please call him that. Please call him that. Yeah. Take her on a real date. He's little. Give her a real title. Be a man. Exactly. He did show up at my house with flowers. Don't Talk Tuah of him unless he does that. Actually we talked about this the other night. I don't know what it is. I don't know if it's like his beautiful blue eyes. He has and like the long eyelash combo. He intimidates the fuck outta me. He always has. Like for years since I've known him, I went to do the hot tub the other night.


Now if I'm fucked up outta my mind, I can do it. No problem. Have no issue. But the other night I looked at him and I was like Oh, no, I went down to do it. And that when I monster looked at me, brother, I tell you what, I about fucking lost it. I was like, Nope, nope. It ain't happening. So like you just couldn't. I couldn't. So, okay. Coming from the most gay girl in the entire world who has never laid eyes on a dick before, don't do it. I'm not, never. It's scary. Never sucked a dick before. Wouldn't even know where to begin. I thought you could do it. Oh, I, I could for sure. I feel like you could do it. Will I?


No. JOJO what? The pit ball jaws. So you, you go viral right off of saying this thing. Is it really like, it's really a thing you do? Yeah. I mean I can do it if I'm not intimidated, but he intimidates me and you just like now if I do not give a fuck about this dude and I'm just in it for like, you know, the hit and run, you know? Yeah. I'm like Oh no problem. You know? And you suck the dick and go Yeah. When did this start? Like when were you like, when's a good time to say this started? It's not Okay. Sorry Jamie. You're fine. Yeah, he's fine.


Years ago, he's like my ex-boyfriend. He is actually the one, I don't even wanna say this out loud, you know how I'm talking about Yeah, yeah, yeah. Balding. Yeah. Yeah. He's the one that he taught me how to do it. So you said spit on it. Not even really. I figured that out for myself. But like he taught me how to send it a dick. I was like, what fuck what the Fuck you want me to do? I mean like this thing's looking at me in my eye. Yeah. What am I gonna do with it? So you have to have a partner that like kind of teaches you what feels good. Yeah. Yeah. So he taught you. So then at what point were you about to suck a man off and you looked at him and you said, I don't think I've ever ever said it out loud. You've never been like, I don't think I've ever said it out loud. Like Hawk to, you know, I think you have.


I think I definitely need to. I think you have. I think you're lying. So like do you hawk to actually yeah. See it's not just people. This is my point. Proven. It's very inclusive. Sometimes a little, A little spic and go a long way. Yeah, I agree. I don't think I make a verbal like with it, but I Fuck. you definitely should In the name of me, I kind of like let it like drool outta my mouth. I guess my girlfriend's gonna kill me. I think there's another rapid fire color. No, there is next. Yeah, this One's one of my favorites actually. So Hailey's Vagina is named Big Martha.


Okay. Do you have a name for yours? I think we're about to. Okay. HALIEY. Let's see. I wish my girlfriend was on the fire right now. Frank. Frank. Frank. The tank. You got Big Martha and Frankie Tank. Can it be cute or gonna be Frankie? Yeah, I think Frankie the Tanky. Frankie. Frankie the tanky. Frank That works. Frankie the Tanky. I Frank CHELSEA. What would we try to name yours? Doug. Doug. That's what you try to name Doug. Why are all these men's names? Yeah, I don't know. What should we name 'em? I mean I got big Martha Viola. I feel like I'm Sally. Sally Sally. Yeah. Like it's giving Clean. Clean Sally.


Clean Sally. Nothing special but like Yeah and she tried naming mine. Doug. That that sounds disgusting. Wanna meet Doug? Doug? Alright. CHELSEA, I got another one for you. Okay, let's do the celebrity Crush one. That is a good question. I've been dying to know that. Mine. Is it Tate McCrae? No. What? So I grew, I grew up with Tate. We were friends back when we were like fucking hell, 10 or 11. We danced, not together at the same studio but on like convention. So we would be at the same conventions together. and she was like the mini best dancer of the year. And I knew all the faculty so we were just kind of like around each other by default.


And yeah, she's very sweet girl. Definitely don't have a crush on her. I do shit. She come out with that new video, it's okay. I'm okay. You know? Yeah. BETR be a Girl. That one. And I saw like her bows pressed against the window. I started questioning my sexuality. I was like, honestly I was, I wanna see her naked. Like really fucking bad. Like I was on a spazz about it for like days. I was like, I just need to see, I just need to see it one time. You know? I definitely didn't think that, but I'm sure you're not alone in thinking that. Have you seen the video? Yeah, she's, she's so, the thing about data, she's gorgeous. She's beautiful girl. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Celebrity crushes are always hard for me because I am said celebrity. So having said celebrity crush, it's like not a stretch, you know what I mean?


It's like kinda. Let me start off by saying my girlfriend, she's, good answer. She was on. That's a Good answer. That's the correct answer. Growing Up, my celebrity crush were always boys. Zoe, Zach Efron, Ross Lynch, Zach Efron. Probably Ross Lynch when I was a kid. Oh, he is fine as one. Let me just lay it in there. Yeah. You don't know who mine was. Tyler Cameron putting a good word for me right now. Literally Just got a text from him. That's where I checked my phone from. He freaking love him. I See him tomorrow. I'm so excited. I'm jealous. I'm coming with you. Was there one girl who kicked off your coming out or gay awakening? Yeah, my, my first girlfriend. So she, she was gay.


She, we were best friends. She'd come out to me and then I fell for her like no other. But she hated when her friends fell for her. So I was like, ah, I'm being said friend that's doing this. But it turns out she was falling for me even harder than I was falling for her. And then she became my first girlfriend of nine months came out with her. She was my first relationship, real relationship. She's the one who I definitely had sweet puppy love for. We're still homies to the day. Just didn't work out. We dated like literally. Okay. We dated twice, but we were together like six times. It's a great human being. But yeah, she definitely was the one that made me be like, Ooh. Was it tough when you come out?


The people around me were great, so not really publicly. Yeah. But I feel like at the end of the day everybody's gonna have something to say. Of course. So, yep. Just like me having fucking podcasts, everybody's got an issue with it. You still watching. Exactly. Do you have any wildest fan interactions? Oh my God, so many. So many. There's this one that always stands out to me. I was on this cruise ship and cruise ship. Hallways are this big and these two people came up to me and they were like starstruck and they stood there and I was trying to get through in the hallway and they just kept like crossing at me standing there. And it is just random cutie little one. When I found out that Miley Cyrus was a fan of mine, that's made me shit with pants.


Oh, I would've shit my pants myself. Yeah. When she knew my name, I couldn't even say her name back. And I was like, you're literally my favorite human. And I can't think. Which. You kind of had like the switch, like her. Is that what inspired you to like Yeah, that's one thing I really admire about her. Like every phase she's had that she's went through like, you know, Hannah Montana, then like she went a little crazy, cut her hair and now she's like back to like her wholesome self. I love her. I never once stopped liking her. I was like, I fucking love you fucking best You sister. Yeah. Everything I do. Ride by her mighty. Like, we can't stop. That's what that kind of like reminds me of you. You had your hair cut too, didn't you? Yep. At one point. Yeah. 'cause of her. There you go. Yep.


I want to show you. 'cause she hasn't seen it either. And I dunno. Oh wait, I was on SNL last night. you were? Yeah. Evidently. Hell yeah. Let's see it. Well It was someone impersonating him. Yeah. Of of course. Was it Chloe? I feel like Chloe could pull that off. He was, He made it on SL Bro, That's such a big honor. That really is such a big honor. Oh my god. It's sometimes hard 'cause you're like, are they making fun of me? That's a fucking honor. I mean, I get that a lot. Like the making fun of me thing. Yeah. No SNL doing it's next level. 'cause the thing is with SNL is it's, they think every single person in America knows who you are. And so that's why they can do that. Fuck. Yeah. A big, big, that is cool. Big honor. And they done you?


Yeah, they did a full karma Skip back in when Karma came out. Oh my gosh. Yeah. How'd that go? But fucking honor. Were you like, so the same girl that did you, that's who I was. Like, did Chloe play it? 'cause Chloe Chloe's the one one, you know what I mean? And so she plays, they've done a couple of JOJO things, but when Karma did, they did like a six minute, me being interviewed on their news segment as the Karma beast. And it was, I mean, it's, again, it's an honor. Had Either of you watched SNL at all before being on the show? No. I heard because you guys are young. I barely, I'm, I'm in my thirties and I barely, I barely watched it Growing up. I mean, I, I've known it, you know what I mean? Like, yeah. Didn't know about it, but not like When I texted you last night saying you're on SNL, did you know what I was talking about? I didn't even see where you texted me.


I was, I know I was in, I ain't gonna lie. I was high as fuck watching Netflix. I was minding my business word. You smoke me. I have. Do you like it? No. What? No. Do you trip? No. I just really liked be in control and my life is so unpredictable and if I'm ever like needed or something happens and I'm high and I can't leave or help or fix it or whatever, I would just, I hate it. That's a good way to put it. Maybe I should think like that. Yeah. I just like being sober. I'm too, I'm too much of a like, helpful person that like, I can't, you probably go to therapy too, right? I saw a podcast you done and you were like, you only drunk like four times.


Yeah. Power to you. My brother Thank you. I don't like being sober. Eh? You don't like being sober? I mean, I like being sober sometimes. Other times I'm like, eh, I need a drink. I need a hit. You know, Chuck that shit up. You don't vape either, do you? No. Don't ever pick it up. I have, I, my vocal cords are fucked up, so I have one vocal cord that is completely ruptured. Dunno what it means. But basically one vocal cord works. So how normal people have two, they're both white. I have one that is white and one that is bright red and so I can't fuck up my lungs. There are because my cords already fucked up. Don't do it. Yep. You're gonna get halfway up the out and be like, Yeah. Does that not like Affect you, like singing and performing yourself? No. Really bad.


Yeah, but eh, hey, you're doing it though. You're doing it. Hey, I'll take over and sing for me. Okay. JOJO, what's your biggest turn on better yet, before I ask this question, what is your real fucking name? Because I Wikipedia in it and I'm not very sure what it is. Joel. Joel? Yeah. Okay. There's like five or 10 different ones and I was like, what? Yeah. Joel Jonie C is my real name. Joel Jonie Sea. My biggest turn on is just like, like literally start making out with me. Like just anytime, any place I'm, I'm like a do it at the right time, right place type of girly. Yeah. But like, I always want it, like, it, I, I fall when I'm falling four and I, I want it when it's wanted, you know what I mean?


And so like, I get you with my girlfriend, like literally I could be like uploading Snapchats and she could like get on top of me and start making it on instantly. I'll be like, I mean get like a boner. A lady boner. Yeah, exactly. Fuck. Yeah. Unless somebody else has one of those. Oh, that's actually what my IC list is called. Lady Boner. It's like LADY BONER TURN OFFS. Valid. It's like my IC list. What are your men Icks? I only have one. I have two s for men. For men. For men, okay. Women. I have no s long toenails sick in me. That one. Disgusting. I have plenty. I have two for men. Peeling an orange.


What picture? A man peeling an orange. You got fucking Boy Oh Yeah. I never thought about that. Do you have any s for girls? No. No girl. Perfect. Okay. Just men. Okay. Basically we're targeting men, like ending a jump rope. Whether it's getting stuck, tripping, stopping something with a jump rope. What If you're good at jump rope as a guy At some point. You have to end though. Oh. Yeah, but even If, you end gracefully. They like So If, you saw a guy doing like the spins and like the crossover fucking and then, and you'd be as as He stop, but he ends. It's like, why the Fuck? you stop. Interesting. I jump rope. They just so like, I think that thought out.


I love those. I I would've thought that. Lemme see, I'll read you something. Peeling out a jump rope and peeling. Oh, oh, I'm sorry about peeling an orange. If they're peeling it for like their wife or their kid, fucking adorable. But it's peeling an orange for themself. Oh Yeah. It's like cut it up, pick a different fruit. I don't know. Never thought about that once. So there was this guy. Damn fellas, we can't eat oranges anymore. I guess it's Over with. I don't think I've told the sick yet. So there's this guy. Hold on. We hung out with like, when this first happened and like it was like a, a friendship vibe. Well at least my side. It was. But like he's, how can I say this without like calling him out? He's getting into country music and stuff like that.


This motherfucker was like singing in my ear and I was like, can you stop when JOJO Thank you for coming? Ah, Thank. you for having me? Woo woo-hoo. Word up. Go like, comment, subscribe to Talk Tuah with Haliey Welch. Follow wherever you get your podcasts. While you're watching this, take a picture and tag me and tell me who you want next. Tag me and Talk Tuah him and I'll be sure to repost.


I'm really excited about my new merchant If. you want some for yourself? Go to Shop, better Do App And one more time. shop.better.app.