
What's up y'all? Welcome. back to Talk Tuah.


Better original. Download better and play. Betr Picks Thank you for tuning in I. hope you've been enjoying the show. Make sure you're subscribed wherever you're listening. Now And, leave me a five star review. I wanna hear what you think of today's episode, so be sure to leave me a comment too. Welcome back to Talk Like. an emphasis on it like you wanna make $50,000 on the biggest fight of the year. The Jake Paul, Mike Tyson fight is finally here and better is giving you a chance to win up to $50,000 simply by answering five questions about the fight. All you gotta do is download better and give your Picks for five questions on Paul Tyson. If you go five for five, you're taking home a piece of the 50 K jackpot. I don't know shit about boxing, but even I can answer these questions. One of them is literally will somebody get their ear bit off in this fight? Obviously getting the better app and play


Welcome back to Talk to, I got Chelsea here and I know you're expecting a big episode but you're just gonna have to wait a minute for us to Yap. How are you feeling? Are you nervous? I'm a little nervous. I'm not gonna lie. I think I'm nervous for You too. So you're feeling nervous too? Yeah, just a little bit. Oh me. Are you feeling more scared or excited? I'm a little bit of both. I'd say. What about the jealousy part? I know, I know. That's why you didn't wanna reveal him 'cause you didn't want other females seeing. Well I trust him and as long as he don't do no bullshit then I guess we're good. Is there anything else you're worried about? Okay, lemme just put it out there. I got one time to see like one of those remakes of him. You know how they done Josh in the episode? They made like a remake of him. I got one time to see one of those POOKIE and I'm losing my shit.


What did they call it? Like a and just in case you don't know what I'm talking about. I'm supposed to be revealing POOKIE in this episode, but not really. If I see one of those like thirst traps, I like to edit. Someone's gonna make one now, just 'cause you said that. Exactly. I probably shouldn't have said that, but I got one time to get on TikTok and sit on my for you page and I'm gonna lose my shit. Chelsea, I have a question before he comes in here. What? Who do you like more? Me or POOKIE? Honestly you. Thank you. I know you. It's awesome. I knew you were gonna say that. Now that that answer BETR be the same when he comes in here. I think he knows that he, you've been here beforehand, you know that. I know. Well Chelsea, how are you feeling? Are you a little nervous, excited? 'cause your cousin's best to be revealed. This, I think I'm excited for y'all.


You're not nervous. I'm a little nervous but what are you nervous about for you? Oh, for bitches and dms fulfill. Yeah, I feel for you. But other than that I support it. I support you guys. I got Faith in Long. Did you? I hope you don't even look at it. Huh? I hope you just don't even look at it. Look at what the dms. Yeah. Are you happy not having to hide him from the world now? I mean, yeah. I'm pretty excited. 'cause now I can just blast it on my Snapchat store whenever I want to. Really? You don't have to cover him up with a little emoji now. Exactly right. I post our son together Bucky, but beforehand. That's okay. Understandable. Bucky is my y'all's child.


Yeah. Y are parents now. We were gonna bring him, but he has a tendency to shit like eight times in a row. Right in the floor. So we didn't bring him. I'm still learning. He is learning. That's, oh, Bucky is a dog in case you didn't know that. He's a great Dane. He's not a paid actor. What's your love life looking like? Me? We ain't talking about my love like This is. I feel like we need to, I feel like that's something everybody's wanting to know. Well I, or at least on my Snapchat stories, I like to keep it private. I don't wanna talk about my level. I don't wanna talk about yours. And don make me feel bad because if that's how you feel then that's obviously how I'm gonna feel. Then I should have kept it private. No, no, no, no, no. You great. Because like what Chelsea says, that's what I agree with and that's what I do. That's how this works.


You or your own person, you should have your own opinions. No. 'cause if I like the shirt and I think it's cute and you're like, that's fucking ugly, then I'm gonna be like, yeah, you're so worried. That's fucking idiots. Well that's different. That's totally different. I mean it's the same, you've same already talked about this man to the world. So people know he's a thing. But why don't you bring up your man? Because I don't want nobody You're embarrassed of him. No. No ashamed of him. No, I'm just kidding. I No, no, no, no. I'm just kidding you. You, I can. No, I think when it's private is the best way to go. 'cause you keep, sorry, I'm not helping you Not helping anything Chelsea. But mine's like so fresh that like, you know, keep it private and until I thought y'all like actually easing it in there though.


Yeah, yeah. It ain't nothing just, yeah, that's my man. I'm just seeing how it is right now. Yeah, yeah. Would you ever invite him all to Talk Tuah him, you know, good and damn well he would love to be on here. Yeah, no I wouldn't do that. Why? I feel like he knew how to, to carry a conversation. No, he would do good. He'd do great. But he's like one of the girls kind of. Yeah, definitely. Are you surprised I'm finally revealing POOKIE? Yeah, I am actually. I am too. I think it's, I thought you were gonna hide him forever. Well I planned on it but then they brought up the idea of revealing him and he was just excited about it. And I think that's what kinda like weighed in on me and I was like, okay, well he's excited about it. I mean I might as well. Why do you think he's excited? He was just excited.


'cause you know, like you think he's excited. That's my thing. Do you think he's excited for the attention that he's gonna get? Or do you think he's excited that people are gonna know that's your man? I think it's because people are gonna know that's my man and he gets to like be included in like a big part of my life, you know? Yeah. I think he is excited about it. So I was like, alright, whatever. Whatever POOKIE wants, POOKIE gets whatever. So I swallowed my pride. But that's good. You should that. Nah, if it was up to me, I'd have hit him forever. But nobody know about him. Which I think people at the Tennessee game scene him and they were like, no. Yeah, he's been out in public with us before. I mean, yeah, I go out in public with him a lot. Yeah. And people never Like.


hey, is that POOKIE? No, no. Someone has before. Are you talking about the guy that caught you? Tookie? Yeah. Oh, that he said spit on that thing. He sit on that thing. Okay. There was this guy. Where were we at Los Angeles? Yeah, I think it's, yeah, we were in Los Angeles and we had like a whole like day and POOKIE was there with us and we rode scooters on the side of the road and we kept trying to find like a place to go get like a back massage. But I don't know how every single one in the same day were just booked up and did not have an appointment. They were closing early. We got such a shitty day. Doubt so bad, bad about that. That was bad. But anyhow, we were walking down the street after we parked these scooters and this man walks up to us and he was like, I know you.


And I was like, okay. He was like, yeah, you're spit on that thing. and she shit on that thing. That was the first time I've ever heard that I was at loss for where? And you got POOKIE just over here standing like, what are he over here? Yeah. I was not expecting BETR be, I don't think I was expecting it. Yeah, he asked him, he was like, is that POOKIE? Yeah. He was like, yeah. And he was like, hell yeah, you're the man. He was like, everyone wants to be you right now. Any of the people that have come up to me while he was like standing beside me, I'm like, yeah, that's POOKIE. In case you didn't know. So they're like, Uhuh. And I'm like, yeah. I mean it's not a big deal or anything, but they've never like just come off and asked or anything. I think a bunch of people are expecting him to be like you. No, well me. Yeah. And you were not real.


Yeah. They either think it's me or they think it's like another influencer or someone else on social media. What was the redheaded guy? Everybody said, I've been with Sam Donald. I don't know who that is. Let me tell you one thing about Sam Donald. He's redheaded, which nothing against him but me personally. They scare you. I do not want a redheaded baby like it. I don't know what it is. Have you ever, now that I'm thinking about, have you ever seen a redhead with brown eyes? I think they all had brown eyes, right? Bailey Zimmerman had brown eyes. There was also rumor going around the you were dating and Zach, Brian. Zach. Brian. Okay. It's a bad time for that rumor to come out. It is a bad time for that rumor to come out.


I mean, it's like I said, I'm here for the girls. Miss Bri did not deserve that. And I stand on that. I agree. I think it's kind of fucked up. Really. I feel really bad for her. I do too. Especially Did she respond your message? I don't know. I'm looking, I sent her a message too, and I don't think she responded to it. She's probably, but I don't expect her to. Yeah, no, she's probably getting a lot. But I hope she takes some good time to heal. Yeah, no, she's gonna have the biggest glow up ever just for you. She is. She gonna find her a good man. She will. What'd you think about the district? Oh? no, she not been Deacon I, I loved every second of that dish track. I did too. I hate to say it, I kind of felt bad 'cause they were making fun of like his appearance. But yeah, if POOKIE ever did you dirty, we making a dis track or what?


No, no. If it was anybody else, probably I will. I'm not doing it. Yeah, Chelsea can make a disc track, but I'm not gonna be part of it. I'm one of those, you know, whatever. Because I hate to say this, but if anything was to ever happen, it's probably gonna be my fault. So you don't need to make a disc track if I'm the one that did some bullshit. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. Me and Chelsea, I don't know. Who knows? He might blindside me or something and go out and cheat. I don't know. I don't think, I don't think he'll though. I don't think he will if he does. What do you think brother? If he does, we're coming for that ass. What are you most excited about with Har launching him? I just wanna show the people that I could pull a bad bitch. You know? My man is a bad bitch and I'm proud of it.


That's my arm candy right there. I'm so proud of him. I think that's like the baddest bitch I think I've ever pulled, to be honest. Yeah, probably. Do you think he's proud he pulled you shit? I don't fucking know why he tells me every day. He's like, you're so pretty. I'm like, who was you lying to? Aw. All right Chelsea, let's bring him in here. Are you nervous? Oh God. Oh God. I feel every bit of blood freaking rush into my head right now. It's okay. You'll be okay. POOKIE, where are you? Come on. We don't bite. Yay. Yay. The moment the world's been waiting for, they're Hello? And.


Welcome to Talk Tuah us. I thought I was supposed to say hello. Everybody first Hear what Am supposed to do from there? What? What I supposed to say right there? That's how I feel too. I just sit there. Okay. No, that's great. How are you feeling? I'm feeling all right. How are you feeling? Are You Nervous? Eh? Not really Are you? No. A little bit. You look a little nervous. Do I? Yeah. Is my cheeks red? Very. It's a vodka. Yeah. What you got going on over there? Chesty. Okay. You're not nervous and like the slightest bit? Not Really. Really Not at all. You're a liar. I swear. I'm not gonna lie. My asshole's gripping the sea right now. Yeah, I can tell. Well, did you ever think you'd be sitting over here?


No. But then again for a while I didn't want to be because I like my little small town life. I don't like being around a lot of people. That's Understandable. Yeah, me too. I for you. But now look where I'm at. I like your sweater. Who got you that? My mom. I'm just kidding. Take it back. Kinda match the Christmas tree. Yeah. Well, hello everyone. This is POOKIE. This is Kelby right here. This is my hot piece of ass. I drag around with me every day. Nice to meet everybody. I'm just kidding. He is a hot piece of ass though. What'd you get to say? Anything? Happy birthday dad. Yeah. Happy birthday. Happy Love you.


Happy birthday. All right. Can we get into these questions? Yeah. Over here. Alright. Kelby, what did you think about it when you saw the first like hawk to a video? Excuse me, Hawk to, since I don't say it right anymore. Well, I didn't really know what to say. I just know that I woke up one morning to a Snapchat from you that said you're gonna see something this morning that you probably don't wanna see. Just disregard it. And then I opened up my TikTok and there it was all over the place. Did you think you were a POOKIE? You told me I was. Yeah, I did. But did you believe me? Well, I didn't for the longest time until you went on that one podcast and said he had the long lashes and the blue eyes and then I knew it was me. So he Could have been talking about me.


I better looking. I should have just come out and said it was Chelsea. Yeah, I'm better looking. Oh, Y'all gotta look alike. Y'all could pass for like brother and sister. I think we are cousins. We're second cousins. Well, I mean that don't mean anything though. Yeah. We just figured out the other day that we're like really close. Yeah, she did. Cousins did last night. Last night. Yeah. We figured out we're second cousins. We didn't even know it. No, It it was my, let's see, how was it? My dad's mom's brother is your dad. Yeah. Yeah. It was a very long process. Trying to explain to Chelsea how it worked. I didn't, Hey, Lisa said, so I'm gonna be your aunt. If we get married, I'd love to be your aunt. I'd be like, oh, I come to tt. Yeah. Fuck that immediately. No, I think it'd be fun. It would. It would be. So how would that work if we got married?


Are we cousins? Oh? no, not you say Alabama. So no, that would make me and Hailey cousins, right? Yeah. By marriage. Yeah, by marriage. But But still would still be cousins. Yeah. By marriage. Damn. That means you can't marry Hunter. Who? Me? Yeah. My cousin. Why would I marry Hunter? My cousin Hunter. Why would I do that? I mean that was last resort. She's got A man's so we can be kind you. Hmm. Well if that falls through, I mean I still wanna be kin to her somehow. Fair enough. Well what about us Hunter's? My cousin by the way. Yeah. What about Y'all? So you're saying we're not gonna fall through, We're not gonna fall through


hooky. I got a surprise for you. Nothing you do surprises me anymore. Game time's hooking us up. We're gonna be able to get some good tickets here. You pick, pick your top three and then I'll pick out of those. Can it be a game, a concert? I can choose anything. Yeah. So we can either go to the UFC Fight Night next month. We can go to the WWE e this Friday night. Or we can go to Monster Jam Saturday night. I'm picking Monster Jam. Monster Jam. It is. Yeah. And you already know I'm checking the view from the seats before we arrive. Gametime makes it easy to avoid getting ripped off. They have the lowest price guarantee or they'll credit you 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the app, create an account and use code TALKTUAH for, for $20 off your first purchase. Terms. Apply again, create an account. Redeem code. TALK. TUAH for $20 off your first purchase. Maybe bring your man too if he been acting right. Download Gametime today. POOKIE. What time is it? Gametime? What time is it? Gametime,


what do you think y'all are gonna fall through? Something's gonna happen. I feel like falling through means you're gonna work out. Is that not right? Yeah. Oh, I, I thought falling through I was Yeah. Like yeah, that's how I fall. No, I think we'll be fine. You think we'll be married? She just loses the attitude. A little bitch. Well you have some working to do yourself. Don't also has an attitude. Yes. No, she says I have sass. You do have sass. He is, he's a sassy as Man. Hailey gives me sass. I was the un sassiest man until I met this woman. That's valid. And I is valid. I can't be mad at that. But you, you are a sassy man. Yeah you are. You Are who you are. You surround yourself around. So I guess we all sassy. He got me there. Let's get back to it. What'd you think when you saw the TikTok video?


At first, I was like, she's drunk as shit. You Already Knew. I know you personally and like you're used to be like a very state of yourself, kind of quiet girl. And just to see that video I was like, what the fuck? Yeah. It's 'cause she lives with me. Yeah. Chelsea actually bought me drinks all night. So you can blame her. I, she might not be the best influence Dude. Chelsea's such a bad influence. She always puts me up to doing shit and I always do it. But when do you have the most fun? When I say with Chelsea Thank you. I'm not mad. When does she end up in the most trouble With Chelsea? Exactly. Still It's something we can tell our kids, but we're making memories. Yeah. We can tell our kids this. You can't make memories in prison. Yeah. Do you know your aunt Chelsea helped me jump a fence when I was drunk one time at a concert. She gave me a boost and flipped me over. Freaking bitch. I sure didn't. I would do it again.


I would too. I'd jump over it. Yeah. After, after you saw the video, did you view her differently? You knew it was Harley, didn't you? So yeah, when I first saw the video I, I texted her and then she was kinda like crying and stuff. So I didn't want to add to the hurt and ask her to keep pushing forwards. Yeah. So Judge, you know all about it. You locked yourself in the room with me for weeks. Oh Yeah. I did. I told you we're, we're in this together terrible time. Was I even seeing you then? I don't think I actually, we don't need to bring that up. No, actually I don't think y'all were like serious whenever we did the video. I mean he was trying to get there, but I was being like a bitch. 'cause I mean he's been playing hard to get with me for three years. So It's not playing hard to get for three years and I'll get Yes he was.


I'll get to that later. I finally get to say my piece absolutely couldn't be more happier. I love Me a good game of Chase. It's not even a game of chance. Apparently if it lasted three fucking years, It wasn't even a game of chance. I thought it was longer than three years. No, we started hooking up last year. That was the first year. So So y'all were sneaky links before anything? Not really. Sneaky links. We did it very public. It was in a parking lot. Okay. So, okay, but y'all, y'all weren't like talking like wanting to get in a relationship. you were just cracking it. Well see me I was like, yeah, I'm gonna kick every bitch to the curb for this man. But damn. Yeah, you were taking it serious would act. Right. But he had, she Said she was taking it serious but there was also sides on her side where she wasn't showing.


Okay. But you weren't taking it serious. So it was valid for her to, you know, why were you being so hard to get with me? Hmm. So I wasn't, I mean I know why but you need to tell people Why so Don't say her name. So last year I was actually in a relationship for right around two and a half years. Nobody knows that of course. 'cause Hailey did not bring that up. So everybody just thinks I'm a sorry suck of shit. We broke up I think last March and it was just kinda like a dirty breakup. So the last couple months after that, before I started actually like considering Hailey I was more working on myself and working on like being able to bring her what she needed for herself to where I didn't wanna bring the hurt onto her.


Aw, stop. So like after I figured that out, I was like, okay, well fair enough. But I'm also an impatient bitch and when I want something, I want something like right then and there, you know? Yeah. See I'm over here thinking the whole time, oh he didn't take her serious until she blew up online. That's what I was thinking. So that's what the whole Internet's thinking. That's What I see every day. But that's just, yeah, that's, you can believe what you took. That's at the end of the day, I mean I know what I feel in my heart and that I love Hailey. So like that's just that Period. Yeah. Going a three year chase. Just kidding. Don't do that. One man's trash is another man's treasure. All right. What was y'all's first impressions of each other when y'all first met? What was that song? I think the first time we ever met, so I had pulled up to Sonic and I looked to my left and Alyssa was in the car, right?


Alyssa's Left Sister Alyssa's. Chelsea's sister. So I seen my cousin. So I was like, lemme go say hey. And then Hailey happened to be in the car. And then I don't necessarily know where it went from after that. We're Snapchatting though Before that. Before that, yeah. I don't know how I got her. Was it you that gave me your Snap? No. Alyssa did? No, so Alyssa gave me her Snapchat. Did you, I was like, who's that? Asked for her Snapchat or did you ask for his Snapchat? I didn't ask For his. She, I think you added me. No. Yes. Because you slid up on her story and you were like, who is that? Maybe it was me. I'll, I'll take the blame. I don't care. Anyhow, so we Snapchatted for a while, whatever, and then this man got a girlfriend, whatever blocked me. And I was like, okay, whatever. And then when they break up, he'd unblock me and then Snapchat me for A while. But listen, then they get back together. But during this, during this breakup she had specified so the world doesn't think I'm just a piece of sorry trash.


During this breakup she had specified that she did not want me back. So at this point I was like, okay, I'm going pursue myself forward. So I hit up Hailey and then I asked 'cause Im a Second option. I asked her what she was doing that night. So she was like nothing. So she made me drive all the way to Lewisburg.


Curious About Ozempic or Vy but not sure if your insurance covers it. That's where RO comes in. Ro can help you understand if GLP ones are right for you and your goals. But that's just the beginning. RO members have support throughout the process. That means no insurance paperwork and you'll have access to your provider on demand for any questions. Plus you can sign up online from the comfort of your own home. That means no waiting for an in person doctor's appointment. No commute to a doctor's office and no waiting rooms. Join the over 250,000 people who have already chosen RO to access GLP ones Go to ro dot co slash tua to find out if you're covered for free. That's ro co slash tua Go to ro dot co slash safety for boxed warning and full safety information. Rx only.


Well you sat in the parking lot at Walmart for like, I don't know and just yapped for like three hours and then turns out I, I swore somebody was in the car when I got there. So I look in the backseat and I'm looking around and I'm like nobody's in this car. Come to find out there was somebody in the car. Her friend KK is in the back's friend, That's my cousin. Her cousin KK is in the back floorboard under a blanket and she sit there for three hours and didn't make one. Peep three. I never knew she Wask is a G dude. She's a trooper for that. That's what I'm saying. KK has always got my back on shit. KK, Calissa, whatever the hell you wanna call it. I would've been back there giggling. Dude. I Never knew she was There giggling the whole time. You put someone In your back cupboard of your car while you guys were on your first Date. I was scared of, I didn't wanna go by myself.


You just like covered her up. He started kissing me and then like by the time I looked over I saw KK peeking up from under the covers looking at me. Stop, I swear. And she kept looking back there. So that's why I was like confused. I was like somebody back there. But I swear KK was hid and she's so small. Like She's Yeah she is. She is Tiny. She hid back there. Perfect. And I swear and she, we left and it was like two weeks later she finally told me that somebody went back There. No, it was years Kelby. 'cause you blocked me not long after that. No. Yes she was. You didn't know that for years. All right, fair enough. We got back together, me and my ex. So, but at the time, listen, I had deep love for that girl so I couldn't just give that up If she wanted me back, I'm a fighter. I gotta do what I gotta do.


No, Fair enough. But now it's, we're we're done. Done. I only Give, it's been done like 10 chances and then I'm done. I know you agree? Yeah. What Number am I on? What? What number am I on? You're good. You haven't done anything. Okay. On a serious note, how do you feel about the people slid into her dms now? It really depends on the person and what they say. So like Matt, right, that makes sense. Famous people can come into the conversation and I really don't care. It's more of like, I don't necessarily know. I'm a very jealous person. I'll say it. That's okay. What's mine is mine agree. That's just at the end of the day agree and people can agree, disagree, whatever. I agree but it don't necessarily bother me when they say it to her like what they say it's regardless.


Like if she feels the need to text them back. And I understand like the concept, like it can be business but it's not. That's not used to me. Right. I'm not used to that. That's so like business. That's like Yesterday Chelsea. Hmm. I figured out what was wrong yesterday. Oh there was nothing wrong yesterday. Was It Bailey? No. He's full of shit. So we went to Soho house yesterday and we seen Bailey Zimmerman in his band sitting at the bar. Did that make you feel a certain way when he came up to We kinda get though like I've listened to his music since he is been like a thing. Yeah. It's not even like a a crush type thing. It's like a holy shit. I listen to him all the time. Yes. Like and I get that. Yeah, I understand that. But it Wasn't, it wasn't me that that got him upset.


I just feel like Bailey, he may not been, if he is, if he wasn't, I Apologized to them. He's an over friendly person. But, that's But That. But he was very, very flirtatious. Okay. That's his personality. He, he's a But that and I understand That's okay. Just don't be flirty with my lady. Right. That's Perfectly fine. Yeah, I it's the at times I like when he is jealous but over Bailey Zimmerman, I fucking love that man's music. I listened to it for years. Like that was something I was so tickled about. I didn't really take him as being flirty. I feel like he's just like a up and happy person. It's a guy. I mean it did throw me off at one point when he said something, you weren't there for that and I'm not gonna bring it up. I was Like, I was saying, let me hear I was like, what Did he say? He, is it when Johnny said that he was being very sweet or very No, he was like, so you do have a boyfriend And I was like, yes.


Which he said shouldn't asking that question, Bailey said himself that he was talking to a girl. So it's not like he was sitting on you. Yeah, that's But. that was my defense Too. and she know that. Watch yourself. Okay. But did I or did I not call up Maddie? Maddie's my best friend if you didn't that. Yeah, she was pitching another friend him the whole time. I wanted to hook Maddie up with him. I was like, Maddie I was like, I got you dude. You know because like me and Maddie share like the same interests like you know, we love his music but she just loves him, you know, To an extent. But I was trying to help her out. But like This is the thing. He was, he's a nice guy. This is the thing. So if, if this was me in my shoes, say some lady that you don't even know, say I'm, I'm at dinner and a girl I know is at the bar and I invite her over and she's sitting, I'm like, Hailey, come meet my girlfriend that I know you walk in there, you gonna slap her.


You gonna slap me and slap her? Slap. Okay, well he is got a fair point. But the way I see it, I'm like okay, you know it's just like a friend. I still don't see it like that because he's, that's what I'm saying, he's a celebrity. Like he's, and before all this shit happened, My chopped liver. Yeah you are. No but like before all this shit happened like Bailey's Zimmerman, that's the shit that got me through college. Like that's all I listened to still. I listened to Baylor Zimmerman. Yes, exactly. And I texted you I was like, dude come meeting, he's so nice. He ain't flirting on me. Motherfucker sat down in the chair talking about some, No listen, but Stan corrected. I was disgusting. I had just got off work and I literally came with the thought that I was just picking Hailey up and going home. And she's like, come inside Soho. And the lady at the front desk makes me feel like I'm poor.


I walk up and I'm like, ma'am, I'm here to see Hailey. And she's like, well I don't know you. And I'm like, I understand that I'm just here. I gotta go in there. She's right there. And she's like, well I can't let you in. I'm like, she's like, This is a private private business or whatever it is. That pissed me off a little bit. And I was like, okay. That's how she was like have a seat right there and text Hailey and she'll come get you. I'm just like that poor, like I can't even get in. So that's how I think of it though. Like they don't even like that. But that's just like a membership place. You have to be walk in with someone that's a member. Okay, let me clear this up. What you do for work. And I apologize to the ones that I've told wrong and the people that he works with that have clowned him. It's just something with pipes. That's all I know. And so I said a pipe layer.


Okay, can you please specify what you actually do for work since I had it wrong. So branching off that, I actually came into work one day and all the guys at work were like, oh so you're a pipe layer now. And I was like, no, no listen, I swear on my life. I didn't say that. I told her a plumber. So I'm a plumber for the local 5 7 2. But I'm not a pipe player, I'm not a five player. He always tells me stuff about pipe. So I just kind of assumed you need to get that. No. What do they call you at work? POOKIE? I have no identity anymore. Everywhere I go is POOKIE, POOKIE, POOKIE, POOKIE Blackwell. So do you have a nickname for Hailey? Shithead Word?


That's a good one. That's not what you call me. What's my name in your phone? Princess. That's gross. Don't even, don't even Just mad. You ain't got this Word. I don't want my man calling me Princess for one. I like it. I like people worshiping the ground. I welcome. Hey Princess. No that's gross. What if He calls you bighead? He'll say that though. Bighead. Yeah I like that. I feel like I just call you Harley. She calls her Dumb Charlie. Dumbass. Dumbass dumb Ass. You call her Charlie all the time. I call her Charlie. Yeah. Is that all I call you? I think that is all I call you. I'm like Charlie were you surprised with how Hailey's handled everything since coming outta hiding? Yeah because like I said at the very beginning, I never anticipated on her actually coming through with it because she was always like I said that quiet person but like I am proud of her 'cause I mean she has turned her life around and I don't know necessarily like your whole full backstory.


I know pieces of it from like your childhood and stuff, but I mean you really turned your life around and made a good name for yourself. So I'm really, really proud of you. Well Thank you Aw that tapped into my daddy issues right there. Thank. you really? That was sweet. Did you prepare for this like me? Did you script these Questions To extent, extent. You're doing good to extent not like You're doing really good Right now. I just happened to look through last night, but I'm just just a sweet person. I ain't like you grass. What do you mean? Not to me? No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, that's another question. Why I said the same shit. Why are you so mean to me? Is it 'cause you think I'm gonna steal your bitch from you or what? What did you say? Like why Y'all wanna bump lips? You go right ahead. Don't blame me. What'd you say?


Do you wanna bump lips? Do it. Don't I'll soft. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. What minute he said what a fucking minute. Can we say this bro? Carol? That is not what he is meaning No, no. He's talking about Whinges together. no God It's like a rip. People Took that. No you took it too far. It was not supposed to go that far. But I mean I've kissed her and everything but like Maku, everybody kisses their homies like that's what I'm Saying. I ain kissing none of my homies Like no, I said you let 'em grope you. Yeah, no. Yes that was That was awesome. That's not me.


That is you. But you let him do it. I was not looking. Mm, Johnny calls me sexy. Yeah he does. How'd Hailey convince you to be on Talk? Tuah her? I actually had to like be convinced to do it. He was excited to do it. So it was more you wanted to do it? That's only reason I did. It's 'cause he was excited to do it. Well she was at my house and Johnny had FaceTimed us and we were, she he was talking about how would you feel coming on the podcast And I was like, you know, I'll do it. It's more for Hailey 'cause like if she can branch off from this and get like higher up views or whatever that may be, I'm gonna do that for her. So would you ever do social media like getting the opportunity for being Out there?


I don't know if I'd ever do social media itself. Like if I could do what Hailey does and just travel and not have to deal with the social media part probably. But I'm fairly, I'm very family oriented and I don't like being alone apart from my family very long. Yeah, me too. So that's just one of those things. Yeah, I said the same thing and Hailey leaves me like at least two weeks outta the month and I'm just sitting there at my house. I have nothing to do. Yes you do. You have Bucky. I hate Bucky. Okay. But majority of the time we're gone. She's talking to you. So what, what's your mama and daddy think about all this? I know your daddy is like the number one Talk Tuah Alyssa. Yeah, my dad actually got a We love you Petey. My dad actually got some like little thing sent to him. It was like a little plaque and it said like one of the top Talk Tuah listeners.


And then, so my dad's like my dad loves it. My dad, dad eats it up. My dad poster. So we took a, my dad took a picture with her on his front porch and I actually took the picture or picture so he had to blur it out my face. I've seen that. So he posted that and it got a lot of love and he always asked about Hailey and he is like, when's Hailey doing this? We're supposed to go to a cookout this weekend for his birthday. And then my mom, my mom actually hasn't met her yet. But that's just one of those things where you know, you don't wanna bring anybody to your mom. So like I gotta make sure Hailey is the desired one because I thought the last one was, and I brought around my mom and it just like, I look like a fool. So it's just my mom's somebody special to me that I, you just want somebody to know, Well I brought you to my granny.


I Love granny. I'm telling you I don't, nobody just got granny. Yeah, that was a big step. I was, I was actually really surprised when you did That. I was surprised when she said come over to the house. I was like, what? That's, that's when I knew you were the only man to stay the night with me. And I, I ain't even think I meant to stay the night that night I had just fallen asleep. I was over there and then I was supposed to go home I believe, but I, I couldn't. That's 'cause Hailey drags me out after work sometimes. And I get up at four 30 every morning and she keeps me out till about 12. I try to leave at nine and then she's like nine 30 and I'm like, okay. Then she's like 10. I'm like, okay 10 30. And then it just keeps continuing the process and when I try to leave she just latches onto me. Won't let go. You should be appreciative of that though. I am very appreciative Because I'm not like that with anybody.


Well I, I don't. I'm Like all right, bye. See ya later. I don't leave for a reason. I wanna be there. If I could stay there I would Do your best Hailey impression. My best Hailey impression. It just depends Hot to, I'm just getting Really put Thet in there. m just Kidding. Shut the fuck up. Were you nervous to meet granny? Not really. Grandparents love me. Just women in general, like older women, they love me just 'cause I, I'm, I have that southern charm to where I'm like very respectful and stuff like that. So just typically older women seem to like me and That is what she said about you that you're very manner so. And you're just a nice boy now. What'd you think about? My daddy, daddy. Daddy Henry. I like old Henry Henry's a character. He don't remember my name.


He just calls me that boy. When's the time you're gonna bring her around? Your mom? Mm. My mom asked me all the time. She's like You're ashamed of us. And I'm like No mom. It's not even that. Like my mom doesn't understand the reason I do it but I plan on doing it here soon. I just haven't had the time because every time Hailey comes to my house for some odd reason we just don't end up leaving the bed. We bed rot and watch movies all weekend and I never actually get outta the actual house. So I plan on doing it probably around Thanksgiving I'd say. 'cause we always have like a big Thanksgiving dinner. It'll probably be at my house this year so, but That's gonna be meeting the whole family right? Yeah, She'll meet everybody. I ain't got that big of a family down there. It's just my aunt That's discuss Tom's because I'm not missing granny's deviled eggs. Well we do.


We don't y'all have deviled eggs? We don't do Thanksgiving. On Thanksgiving We always used do like the weekend or the weekend after. So everybody can be there. You never gonna be riding horses then, right? Well that weekend I already told mom we're not doing it then we're Doing it. You said the weekend though Or the weekend after. Okay. The weekend after is fine but the weekend of we're gonna be horse riding. Right? Riding a horse. Can you picture him on a horse? Fuck no. On a horse. We're going out with Hunter. Him and Hunter are gonna hit it off. Have you met Hunter yet? Yes, they were all at work one day and if I'm in their house I get so fucking bored by myself so I start cleaning shit. You know how I get, I get upset when I see a mess. I made his bed for him. You know how like you flick the comforter to like start making it?


Tell me why a pair of eyelashes flew out and like sucked to my leg. That doesn't even surprise me. Carol Speaking on, I'm telling you that speaking on that one day I was, Hailey had left my house and I was at work and she texted me and she said I left you a gift. And I was like, what's the gift? It was her eye. I get home, there's one eyelash sitting on my pillow and I was like, what is this? And I gave you eye. I took a nap and I woke up and it was stuck to the side of my face. There you go. You're carrying her love Thank you, you're carrying her love with you. Thank you think the same thing that I do. I was like, man, how did anybody react? Like the video, do they send it to you? What? Yeah and no it depends. So like I get some friends that'll send it to me 'cause they know it's me. So they'll say even your podcast now, they'll send me videos and they're like go POOKIE, go you.


And stuff like that. I don't have any friends that would be necessarily me just because they know you're mine. So I wouldn't necessarily recommend it. 'cause like I said, I'm very overprotective of you and it probably wouldn't be a good day for them. I think it gave it away when I said the party animal tattoo on your Leg, the party animal definitely gave it away. I had so many people text me that afternoon and was like, I saw your party animal tattoo people I haven't talked to in five years if they've been hitting me up since high school. And they're like, so when you going on to Talk Tuah a pod? And I'm like, how do you know these things? Like who are you? People have given you a lot of shit for not taking me on a date. People give me shit a lot for a lot of things I haven't done. So like for starters, the whole I led you on for three years but now everybody knows that I was in a relationship for two of those years.


So that wasn't just me leading you on, let me cook here. Okay, Wait a second and you can back me up. You can back me up. Hold on. you were in a relationship for the two years you were talking to her. I didn't Talk Tuah her. No, that would break up. I was like number one and my stupid ass, I'd always fucking fucking Add him back. It was I was like, Here We go again. It was one time that happened after that we broke up for good and it's been Hailey since Period. The world just thinks I'm I'm sorry Ack of shit. Well I thought you were sorry Ack of shit until you said all this. So that's What I'm saying. Nobody knows it's 'cause she never brought it up. No. Let's Talk about it. You didn't because I agree with myself. The First date, what's The first official date y'all been on? So the first official date I took her to Jay Alexanders and then But that whole day.


I just got off work that mor that afternoon. And then I ran to Party City, I got balloons and then I ran to Walmart. I got flowers and then I went home. I blowed up 60 balloons by mouth with a straw. I tied 'em all up, put 'em in my floor, put this little decoration down and then I, she made me drive all the way to Lewisburg to pick her up up instead of driving to my house. 'cause it was closer me. Did you drove me. Drove to my house. I got her ready. I drove her. I drove all the way to Lewisburg, picked her up, took her to dinner. And then I had to make like a, an observation. I was like, how would I get her back to my house? 'cause she wasn't staying at my house that night. So I had called my buddy, I texted my buddy Shane and I was like, dude, I need an excuse to go to my house.


And he was like, okay, I got you. And he made the worst excuse possible a a lunchbox. He said, he said, I forgot my lunchbox, can you bring it to me? Come on Shane. And I was like, dude, I just in my head 'cause I put it on speaker and I was like, can we you careful if we go to my house? She was like, no. And then I already had like my friends, Kaylee and Brooke, they were at my house at that point putting the rest of the decorations together 'cause I didn't have time. So they're at my house setting all this up. So I already have all this planned in the loop and she has no idea. None This is happening. Okay. You tell me that he has his friend on speaker phone and he's talking about he needs his lunchbox lunchbox. His lunchbox really bad And I was like, that's really fucking weird. But I never thought anymore of it.


I was like, I was about to say with her lunchbox it probably went right over over. Yeah, that's what I thought. I was. No, I was. Oh him. Oh when? So when we walked through the door, my door was shut. I didn't know that. So I was trying to figure out how to get her to the front door first. My door. 'cause I couldn't go in there first. So I walked to the kitchen and like did a little spin and then she took off to the left and I was like, okay, here we go. And of course she ruined it. Like she said, she, as soon as she walked in my light switch is the first one, not the second one. and she took the second one, turned my ceiling fan on, blows my balloons everywhere. And then she turns the light on, she turns around, tells me to get on the bed and I'm like, whoa, whoa. Okay, watch out now. So yeah, I was actually really, really nervous when we walked.


I wasn't until we got to the bed. So you didn't even get to ask her out. She was just like, get on the bed and then it's official like Well Yeah, I asked her at that point I was like, so what are you gonna say? So Yeah I am. No I'm not fucking serious. I was like get on the bed. Okay, what about the first time Hailey said I, LOVE YOU. Why didn't you say it back? So love's just one of those things. We were both drunk. She had asked me to come to the up there, that hotel that night. She got me absolutely slaughtered so fast 'cause she was pouring me double shots of vodka and Red Bulls. And so we went up to the room and then she starts making a scene. She's yelling, that's the night I found about the Usod daddy. Yeah, I heard that. So she's cussing and yelling and blah blah blah.


The neighbors are getting mad. There's, they're knocking on our door telling us to shut up or they're gonna call room service and get us kicked out. And she's screaming at them trying to open their door and I'm just like, Hailey, chill out. I was mad trying to open the neighbor's door. Fuck yeah. Got the people up there to come. What'd they say? He said there I, I kind of got us out of it 'cause we walked back up, we went downstairs to find her earrings. That Derrick bought her? Yes, Derrick did buy me those earrings. I lost one. I was so fucking pissed off about it actually. So we walked down to the bar and looked around, walked back up and the little busboy was standing there, whatever his name or whatever you call him the and I was like, y'all are getting a noise complaint. I was like, sir we haven't said a thing. And he was like, I haven't heard anything the whole time I've been here. And I'm like, of course you haven't. We've been downstairs.


But I didn't say that. He was just like, okay. So when Hailey told me she loved me, it was, it was weird because we was in the middle of crack. We was in the middle of like some intercourse, right? So she looked me right in the eyes and she wass on top of me and I'm, she's like, I, LOVE YOU. And I'm like, whoa. Love is just one of those things you don't say unless you mean it. Like Did it throw you off guard? Yes. So bad. He laughed in my face. I Laughed At her. You laughed in my face. Now that's fucked up. Now when he said I LOVE YOU. Did you laugh in his face? Yeah, she, she did. I did say, well She said it back But I was sober. I was sober when he sat and I was like what?


Alright POOKIE. The people need to know. How did you like your chairman? Pro Electric. Full shaver. And did I do a good job shaving your chest? Well you missed a bunch of spots and I had to go back and redo it myself. But I do like the shaver though. I like it better than anything else I've ever tried. I bet you were glad those interchangeable blade heads were skin safe. Huh? Oh. Yeah. It could have been very messy if it wasn't. See people, I take care of my man. That's probably the nicest gift I've got him. Besides build a bear. So take notes from POOKIE over here and get your man the chairman, pro Electric full shaver. That way your man won't be walking around all wooly. It's the best option because it's waterproof and really easy to use. Oh, Yeah, even Hailey figured out how to use the thing. How often do you need to shave your chest? Well it just depends on what you're looking for. Sometimes I shave once a week, sometimes like not a week. You can use it daily or you can let it grow out for five days and use it. How often do you use that thing? Whenever you tell me to. It's perfect for travel too. It has a travel lock and it has 75 minutes of charge time. Well It doesn't take me that long to shave my chest. That's wonderful. So you better bring that bad boy with us when we go to the fight this week. Sounds good to me. It's going wherever I go. Wonderful. But from here on out I'm gonna shave my own chest. So If you're looking for a thoughtful and practical gift that he'll actually use and love the Chairman pro as the way to go, get 20% off and free shipping with a code to it Manscaped dot com. That's TUAH Tuah. That's 20% off and free shipping with a code to it manscape.com. That's Tuah her TUAH.


How'd you know you loved me? It Was super to the point where Super Circle Water Park wasn't it? I would say to the point where, what I would say the times that every time we spent together, like we would hang out and stuff like that on the way home. Like there was just like every day that I didn't wanna be with Hailey. So like even though like the next day I'd ask, Hey, you wanna come to my house? Or hey, she would text me, Hey, do you wanna come to my house? I'd be like, yes, yes, yes. Like it was just one of those things where I knew Hailey was the person for me. And after everything we've been through and like when all this blow up, she showed me her vulnerable side and that was just kind of like her breaking down to me and showing me that I'm her person. So I just gave her my all and I'm her person.


Are y'all ready for rapid fire? Yes. Chelsea. How about we bring up rap Rapid fire? I would like rapid fire. Okay, Are Y'all ready? Is this for both of us? Yeah. Okay. Well some of 'em like just for for you and some of 'em just for her. Well you let us know. I wanna specify Hailey did not know my hair color for the longest time. She said long blue or blue eyes and long black hair. Yeah, my hair's brown. She would say that. Long eyelashes and black hair And we've been together for three years. Is it not black? It's brown. Okay. Well maybe I'm color blind. If I don't ever get married, would you guys let me move in with you? Well we already subjected to Maddie living with us, so if you want to share a bunk with her, you're For free. No, you get your own bedroom. Okay. And then his mama's gonna live in the backyard. Where do y'all see the relationship going in five years?


Five years? We gotta married and popping out like nine kids. What do you mean nine kids? No, Not nine kids is crazy. Nine. We just talked the other night. It was like it was just one of those intrusive thoughts where you're just like, how many kids do you actually want? I feel like two. Two is like the the happy medium and then like if you can handle two from there, you keep going. But in five years I'd definitely hope to be married. Have a kid or at least two kids and one kid, two kids have our own house and just living life. Who knows what could be in store? Okay, You above us in our little attic. Yeah. Whatcha are you gonna name your kids? Harley. Harley? Definitely not. No. I won't wanna say like Maclay after Maddie. I've thought about that. I was like, I gotta have a kid Inlay. I don't really get into the baby names, I just, whatever she wants to do.


Or Deanna Lynn. Who knows? Can we name her Alene Fuck you don't you be telling people my middle name. I hate that shit. I think it's cute. I hate it Such an old name. I just found out her middle name like this year. 'cause like she has never ever brought that up in the last however I've Known her, I don't openly told. I don't think I knew that like the first year we were friends either. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't openly tell people my middle name. I hate that shit. So Bucky, that's our shared child. But I'm trying to like ease Ellie into the way of like having another daddy. You know Ellie needs a dad. She does. Does she not? Ellie was abandoned. She was. That's why she needs a dad. Exactly. I consider myself her father. Okay. Now Bucky on the other hand, Bucky, He's So naughty.


I like Bucky, but Bucky has gotten to where I just, I don't like to smell a pee. I don't like poop in my floor. And then Hailey wants this dog and she texts me, she's Like, hey can we get this great day? And I'm like, you know what? If you want him, I'll get him. We can do it. And then she just drops him off my house and then she wants to go take around the the United States and just leave it with me. I Can't help It though. And I go to work and I come home and I have to clean up some of the most obscure Shit. That's part of being a father in my This is my life. What I'm saying. That's part of my life. I have The weakest stomach. I go out and I gotta do what I gotta do for work. You just go to work and you come home every day. You don't have to travel or nothing. I can't help that. You Wanna switch? What do you mean you take Bucky? If I could, I would. No, tell me why. What day was it? Was it yesterday?


Yesterday we walked in and there was just like skid ski marks, skis all over the floor on the floor. But, but I've seen him one day I came outta my room and he was literally rolling around the floor with his mouth and then ate it. I was just like, you know what? Bucky near Hesty my bed again.


Chelsea, something really big happened. What is it? Think really big. Matt Rife called you even bigger. What? Betr? Picks just launched 2000 X payouts. What? Betr. Picks decided a thousand X payouts just weren't enough. You can win up to 2000 times your money. All NFL season long. This is officially the easiest way to win up to 2000 times your money. Betr Picks changing the game again. Download better and go for your 2000 x lineup today. Download better play Betr Picks download better and play Betr Picks.


Okay, I have another question. Who do you think I would side with in argument? Obviously me. I would say me because you have sided with me. I have But. That's 'cause you were in the wrong. I was in the wrong for that. None of, But I feel like you're more of a down to whatever y'all choose. Whoever is right. Yes, exactly. Yeah, I agree with that. Which is the way I was on it. But when I was in the wrong, you agree with him. you were like, all right, you need to make that right. And I was like, If I'm in the wrong, I'm gonna tell you when you're wrong. So you learn from it. And I'm not gonna support you in everything as much as I want to. But, well the way I said I'm delusional and I'm gonna make you feel delusional. This is why we're opposite. Like if you're on the wrong, say you, I don't know you had word orgy with fucking donkey and trick.


I don't know. Whatever you got going on, I'm gonna be like Yeah, Chelsea I was like, yeah, you didn't do anything wrong. You know you do. No wrong in my eyes. Yeah, that's not a good thing. You need to tell me when I'm doing wrong. Well I don't wanna tell you that. What's the most romantic thing you've done for him? I Would say the most romantic thing was probably the boo basket. It had a couple pair of Skippy in it. It had what? Skippy? Tell 'em what Skippy are. Skippy or underwear. So your Skippy. I said the same shit. So it came with, it had that in it. It had a pair of, no, it did not have a pair of shorts. It actually had That. It had sweater sleeping and pajamas. It had a sweater in it.


This sweater actually a jacket. I've not been able to wear this 'cause Harry's Hailey's very jealous and will not let me wear it Anywhere. No, it's not that. I don't want you to ruin your good sweater. It's white. You see how white that is? I don't want you to ruin it like you wanted to wear it to that concert. I recall with You spill beer on it. I recall you saying, I don't want no other woman seeing you in that. Shut the fuck. That's what I remember. Go on. But she says she doesn't, I don't tell her what to wear. It's where I'm wrong. And she's right and I just go with the phone. Okay, well he tells me what I can and can't wear. Where when? What was that comment you made yesterday about my boobs being out? That's 'cause the whole titty was sitting there purged up on Your chest. Man. That's what I'm saying though. I mean I'm only young one wrong Move and Nippy would've came out. BETR be there, you know?


No. Like I'm only young one time these motherfuckers gonna be touching my kneecaps. That's just 10 years Amy and everybody else gotta see 'em. Just me. Okay, now you don't See me going around with my old slinger ring now. Well that's different. No it ain't. Imagine me walking around just floating. Okay, I see that you'd be sick like a pair of gray sweatpants. Yep. Yep. Okay. Me. I can see that. But still Gray sweatpants nude. No skips. I have a good question. Who is your celebrity crush? Celebrity crush. I would say Jennifer Aniston. Right? Is Jennifer Aniston. Okay. So if Jennifer Aniston was to Talk Tuah you to your face, do you think I'd get mad?


Me and Jennifer, you and me are on two different levels of life Right now. But it doesn't matter though. She was to Talk. Tuah you, you, your Status and status. You are two different. I'm a nobody compared to her. I see Jennifer as like what's up? And she's gonna be like, oh hey. And then she's gonna go on her about her day. She ain't gonna think of me twice ever in her entire life. She might. I mean shit if I send that face and that fat ass you got, I'd be like damn, I can't get him outta my mind. I Talked about your fat ass but it ain't there. I'm gonna walk outta here. I'm just kidding. Can we talk? All right, we need to address it. What about Matt Rife? What? I don't, I don't know. I know why you feel that way, but I don't know if we need to tell people why you feel that way. I'd rather not. Okay, that's fine.


I can go into like you don't have to. Yeah, I feel like Matt, like Matt Rife was just one of those things where it's like in my own self, I don't like you fondling over another man and you come and tell me every second of the day. Oh my god, Matt rife this. Oh my god. Matt rife that and you have a pillow of him. And then every time I come over I throw that sun bitch off the bed and it So he ain't gonna play with me. Actually No. I threw it away the other day. I'm proud of you. I didn't tell you that. Did I? Okay. Lemme just break it down. No, don't break it down. I say it. You can joke in the world around with me sometimes. Other times you can't. And he looked at me one day and he was like, I'm gonna go get some bitties. Bitties is implying bitches and you that that's something I just don't take light.


You know? Would you take that light if a man wants to look at you? I was like, I'm gonna get some bitties this weekend while you're gone out of town. Like you won't have any clue about it. Right? I said I was kidding. Why would you say that right after? Do you have any hot Takes? I think the earth is round. That's a Fact. Some people think it's a flat earth. Mm. Since I'm revealing POOKIE, I also have to reveal the POOKIE app, which has like a bunch of different features. You can measure how tall a man actually is in his pictures. He sends you just in case he tells you he's like, I don't know, six four. And he is actually five eight. No offense are you 5 8 5 11. Okay. Five 11, excuse me. It has like a date night idea. So you can necessarily, you can type where you're gonna be at that night and what location you're gonna be in and it actually give you like ideas and places around that you can actually go on like that typical date night for that desired location.


It's not really a dating app, it's more of like a tool app to help you find your significant POOKIE. So let's find out where we're eating tonight. So first thing that's gonna ask you is the location we are in Nashville. And then it's gonna ask for your date number. So this would be date number. What? Let's go two. Technically yes, but like we do things all the time. We go on dates all the time. So we'll just go two. So it says it's probably gonna tell us to go on a picnic and it waits. It says give the response and it sh and it gives you a bunch of descriptions and a bunch of answer choices. One through whatever. Like the first one is a picnic at Centennial Park.


The second is live music at the Bluebird Cafe and it tells you exactly what is at the Bluebird Cafe. And then the next one is the art crawl in downtown Nashville. Gives you a description of what you can actually see there. Centennial Park. Chelsea likes reconnecting with nature. Well We bring Chelsea everywhere. Yeah, Chelsea has everywhere. Chelsea like Our adopted child. Chelsea is our adopted child. Okay, now do you want to live in the attic or do you want like an at on bedroom? Why the fuck would I choose an attic over a bedroom? You know some people have some snazzy attics. Yeah they do. They have like the little, we can pimp it out. Have you saw those? Like the barn kind? They have like a, what do you call Barns? Shut the fuck up.


Barium. However, how you say it, you know how they have like a loft kind of. Do you want a loft or do you want like a whole bedroom? I don't know. We'll figure it out. Chelsea. I think you definitely need to use that for you and your man because I'm curious to know what Zodiac he is. If he's a Gemini, turn around and run the opposite way. Let me go on tour. Think he's a tour A Taurus. Yeah. Terrible man. Along with a Gemini man. So, so it says based on the provided birthdays, your Zodiac sign is a Taurus and the other person's Zodiac sign is an Aries. Let's assess the compatibility potential dynamics between a Taurus and an Aries. And then it's gonna give you like a compatibility overview. So it says elemental influence, A Taurus is an earth sign known for being grounded, practically and reliable.


A fire sign. Alright, it's going way too fast. Let it, let it load all of them. 'cause it's just scrolling down right now. I can't keep up. I'm nervous, you know. Oh, there's like a very thing at the very bottom it says conclusion and it tells like I just gotta wait for it to get down there. But it gives you like challenges and everything else. I feel like he's a good guy though. Challenges y'all probably face in y'all's like relationship and all kinds of crazy things. Relationship. That's crazy. They haven't got that far. Don't Scare communication base. Your communication skills. Yeah, I'm excited. I hope y'all get married. Yeah, I'm excited. Okay y'all. It's very fresh right now. So you're pushing that way Exactly. Way too far. But still, still though. He's like a good guy. He is not done. Probably one thing that I think is wrong. I don't know, I just got high hopes for you because like I know how the last one was.


So it says about you and such said man, that while tourists and Aries have different approaches to life, their relationships can be dynamic and fulfilling if both parties are willing to appreciate and learn from each other's differences. By embracing their complimentary qualities and working through challenges with patients and understanding they can create a balanced and harmonious partnership Word. Wow. Word to my mama. See I just gotta get y'all qualities. Nice. So recently last night I put a poll on my Instagram story wanting to know what kind of questions you have for POOKIE. And here are the questions that we have so far. Does he treat you like a queen? Don't look at me.


He definitely does. He puts up a lot of bullshit that I probably wouldn't if I was a man. Okay. Was it love at first sight? I mean from my end? Yeah, I mean you look at that Scrum dly vicious ass man. I'd be like, you know, So like y'all are gonna blast me for it. So like at first sight You're probably why that bitch teeths so big? Nah, I mean I've always liked Hailey. It was just one of those things where I developed love over a past period of time. I love her now. So it Was not love for at first sight. Thank you Chelsea, when was your first kiss In the car in the, oh man, no, Let's not talk about that. Hailey went Next question. Well, me and Hailey first met No, No, no. Hailey nothing Fuck you.


When she used to kiss me, it was so fast I couldn't keep up and I was like, whoa, like slow it down a little bit. Tiger. Shut the fuck Up. I still make jokes about it now. Next question. Chelsea, are you getting tired of being known as just the boyfriend? I don't really care. I'm either way. I'm gonna do my life myself, so, okay, This is my significant other. How is he handling your fame? I think he handles it pretty good for the most part. Unless he's there in the moment when I'm talking to other men, like for like business purposes. But I mean, you could say the same thing about me. How do you feel about the name POOKIE? I don't mind POOKIE. I mean, everybody calls me POOKIE now. It's just, I don't have an identity anymore, but that's okay.


Do you know what POOKIE really means though? Cooter? No, it's like a terrible godawful fart. Well, why would you call me that? I don't know. That's just, that's just kind of what it was. I didn't know what POOKIE meant until like after I started calling you that and then people were like, do you know what that means? And I was like, no, what? And they're like a, a foul odor. Smelling fart. Fair enough. I'll take it. And I don't care. That's okay. Are you bringing POOKIE to the fight? Well of course Chelsea. How do you feel about the fight? I'm excited. Who are you rooting for? Tyson. Sorry. Jade Tyson. I agree with that. POOKIE, what about you? Who am I siding with? Yeah, all I gotta go Big Mike Word.


You think he is gonna buy a zero off? Probably. So a few days ago I talked to Jake Paul and you guys will see that we have a little beef and here it is. Hello Mr. Jake Paul. Hello. Hello. Thank you for having me. I'm, I'm ready to Talk Tuah ya. No pun intended, right? Yeah, no, none intended there. Well Thank you for coming on my cringey podcast. Hey, I, I don't think it's cringey. I really like where you guys are going with the science and the history of civilization and just being able to explore and break down barriers of human philosophy. I Still don't even know what philosophy means. You're not helping your case.


Yeah, I'm really not. It's Okay. Right, right, right. Well it's amazing to be here Thank you. Well Of course Thank you for coming On. Yeah, I think we had to delete the last one right? That we did. I'm sure it still exists somewhere. I was as drunk as a skunk. Yeah, you walked off of it. It's okay. I didn't walk off. Did I walk off? I didn't Walk off. Yeah. You actually kicked the microphone over and said fuck this podcast. I feel like I should get up and do that sometimes. Yeah, you should. Some of the most viewed podcasts ever are when the guest leaves. I should do that. So If you want me to leave, if you ever want me to leave, I, I mean I can do it again if you want. No, that's okay. Don't do that. Okay. You stay here and you Talk Tuah me like a man. Got it.


Yeah. Man, man. Yeah. There you go. You got it. You can't run away this time. I was training going, You know, it's going really good, man. It's going really, really good. I'm, I'm really strong, really excited and I've just been having fun, you know, it's, it's all of it is very surreal. So I'm enjoying camp as much as possible. And you know, just heavyweight vibes. It's been difficult. Sparring 300 pound guys multiple times a week. But when I get in there with Mike, he's going to feel light. So how does it feel to be like a first time fat ass? I mean, heavyweight? Yeah, no, it, it feels really good. Thank you for the compliment. Yeah. Oh, of course.


And you know, honestly, that's probably the nicest thing someone's said to me in a minute. And it feels good. I love eating donuts, crispy cream. I saw you eating the KFC chicken. Exactly. And, and you name it, I'll eat it. So there's Not anything you wanna eat? Can't, can't think of anything, honestly. And How long did it take to put the fat suit on? That was like two hours and it's, it's pretty, it's a pretty miserable process, but taking it off is worse because it like rips your skin off and then your skin is basically like covered in glue for the next four days.


But it's insane how many people thought that shit was real. I mean, it looked real until I got told it wasn't. I thought it was real. That's not good. You should probably just look deeper into things maybe a little bit when you're scouring the, the internet. Yeah. I'm gullible. How long did you keep it on for? Probably like what, eight hours? We filmed a bunch of videos. Like all of those videos that I uploaded were all filmed in, in one day. So That's good. We're pretty efficient. Are you nervous about the fight? A little bit, yeah. A as it gets closer to me, the nerves and the emotions and everything continue to rise.


And Tyson's looking really strong. I, I seen a video of him hitting the bag the other day and he's got power. He is got speed, he's got combinations. He is going to the body. So it's, it's nerve wracking, especially being in the heavyweight division where he's gonna have a lot power, a lot of power and some maybe power that I'm not used to. How old is he now? He's 58. He's 58? Yes. He looks good for his age. He does. He he moves like a 30 5-year-old and it's crazy. Right? Like I fight Mike Perry who's like 32 and this, you know, version of Mike Tyson's gonna be exponentially more difficult than Mike Perry.


Mike Perry scared me a little bit. Yeah, he's a violent guy. Jake, can you give us any hints on your walkout? Like what you're wearing? Yeah, this outfit that I've made for the fight is the most expensive fight outfit in the history of boxing. It's $1 million. So what the fuck? It cost a pretty penny and it's very shiny. That's the hints I will give. But for the walkout, I'm gonna be driving in a certain vehicle to the ring, which is gonna be pretty cool. But the rest, you're gonna have to wait and see.


The, the song is sort of related to Mike Tyson's career in a film that he did. Uhoh. I'm scared of that. I hope it's better than the, the Dark Vader mask. Yeah. What did, which did I wear a Darth Vader mask? Didn't He wear a dark Vader mask? Was it not dark Vader? Am I stupid? No, it was like gladiators. Well, when we went it was like Batman or something like that. I don't fucking know. Yeah, Yeah. That was, well people, people I saw like a super viral TikTok of them hating on the, that the recent outfit. What Kind of outfit I was it? I thought it was kind of cool, but It was like a gladiator outfit. I mean, I thought it was pretty cool. Thank you, you and my mom, my girlfriend and, and, and Hailey thought it was cool.


So I mean, that's all you need, right? Your list right there. That's all you need, don't worry. Yes. How much do they pay in you for this fight? A lot of, a lot of dero. It's, it's pretty crazy. Boxing is a very lucrative sport, but it's, it's up there. I get, I've said it in the media, but then they get mad at me for saying it, so I'm not allowed to say it. But it's, it's up there in the eight figures. Okay. Props to you. Now, what's this about? You think Jojo Sea will whoop my ass? Hmm. She would.


Yo yo, Jojo Siwa is lethal first of all. Second of all, that's, that's my sister basically we're we're tight like this. You and Jojo. Yeah. People don't know. I Seen a TikTok and it's like Jojo was missing. I think she's hiding from me. Do you know where she's at? I don't know. But you definitely don't want the smoke with her. You are very, you know, feminine and, and tiny. and she is a dancer with rhythm and she has this masculine presence and she would, she would literally end your, end your life.


Jojo. Siwa would murder You. Yeah. When she come in here and I saw how like wide her shoulders were, I was like Oh. no. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if I go Through that. She's explosive. Like, you know those dance moves, like you get hit with one of those and it's game over. Yeah, I'd be cooked after that. I actually don't even think you could fight a cold Fight. Who? A cold. Oh, soon. What do you mean by that? Like, you couldn't crack an egg. He's really on your ass right now. This is why she's sitting on Tyson's side. Are you, are you gonna bet on Tyson? So I think I am gonna bet on Tyson, but I wanna make like a side bet with you.


Okay? What's the side bet? Okay, so if you win, When I win, you have to get a better tattoo. But if Tyson wins then I'll get a Talk, Tuah a tattoo. Okay. I'm fair, I'm fair with that. Alright, deal. I'll shake your hand from across the, actually we hand hug Thank. you. I appreciate that a whole lot. Are you the type of person to like spit on your hand for handshakes? Depends if I like you or not. I'd probably spit directly in your eye if I didn't like you. Right? Do you spit in your hand when you shake hands? No. No. I just thought 'cause of like the whole, the hawk to a thing. I didn't, I think spit like on a hand's a little bad.


Yeah, it's a little much Like if I was to shake her hand, I'm not gonna spit on it and shake her hand, you know, that's dirty. I hope not. Like, I don't know where her mouth's been. I don't know where my mouth's been actually. I do know where my mouth's been, but you know, you get the idea. Germs. Yeah, germ. I'm, I'm a germophobe actually. Fun fact, people don't know that about me. I don't, I don't like to touch people's hands. Like I'm always doing fist bumps and stuff. I feel privileged. You touched my hand when you gave me a hand hug. Like, like just now, You know, we've hand hugged before. Yeah, I don't, I don't know if I remember that, but That's okay. Don't worry. I'm sanitized. I don't like germs either. Okay, good, good. Yeah. Germ germs are nasty. People are nasty.


I, I know what people do. You know, they're in there using the restroom and don't Wash their Hands all nasty, wiping their noses and stuff and then they're just like going around. Well, they could be picking a wedgie outta their ass and just say, how are you? You know, dirty. Exactly. A lot of people don't shower. It's, it's crazy. It's, it's a, it's a pandemic. What are y'all laughing at? Does one of you not shower? No. Seriously people, people will do like a every other day shower. It's wild. That's like way more common than you think. That's dirty. Yeah, They make shower in a can. Didn't we find some at Ulta?


Yeah, we did. I don't understand what you sprayed on though. No, it was like wipes. You just wipe yourself. No, there was a spray too. Oh, maybe you should come out with some for like your W brand. Yeah. Quick Shower in a can quick Shower. A shower. A shower in your hand for people that don't shower. Get get w And we can make like the smell of it. Roses. That's Good. Wake up and smell the roses. Hey, that's, that's good marketing. I think we're getting to that. We're gonna need to do this. Hey, are you the first YouTuber to fight a real boxer? Yes. Like I, I think KSI fought a boxer with who like was like oh and four.


But I'm the first one to fight a boxer with a winning record and fight multiple ones and, and then fighting Mike Tyson obviously who has 55 wins. But, and, and in an actual professional bout K Ks I was the exhibition. So it doesn't count on his record. How old are you? I'm 27. Do you fight anybody like your own age? I fought Mike Perry. I fought Ryan Borland, I fought Andre August. I fought Gib, I fought who else? So many people that, those people were all my around my age. But yeah, then there still be the hate of, oh, fight someone your own age because people are brain dead actually.


And they don't look at the actual facts, which is probably why a lot of people are voting for Kamala Harris. But it's a sad world out there. What Are you gonna do if Mike Tyson bites your ear? So I actually have some titanium ear covers. That's Smart for the fight. I think you need to put pepper spray on your ears. That's A good idea. Honestly, that's, that's a genius. I Hailey you, you are special. Let me tell you. You are. I could have Told you that You are different and that's why I like you. That's genius. Thank, you I'm texting my assistant right now. Get some bear pepper spray. Hey Marco.


Even better. Marcos, can you please gimme some bear pepper spray? The most deadly one. Perfect. He wants to bite you. You give him a little taste of that. There you go. That'll just be burning. Maybe even some, maybe even sprinkle some like ghost pepper habanero sauce on there. You know, you got a point. So not hard feelings if I sit on his side, right? No, no. I, I'm super excited for you to get a better tattoo. Oh shit. Where are you gonna get it at? Yeah, that's a really good question. I need to start considering that. Is it true you're having Mark Cuban on the show? Yeah. Why'd you Say it like that? Is that good or a bad thing?


I feel like This is a trick question. You know, I think we're gonna start like a few companies together. He's definitely a good business man. He's gotta teach me about business. What are some ideas about the businesses that y'all are gonna start? What was it? We were trying to think of. Was it Pickles? Pickles, yeah. I like pickles. I wanna come out with my own pickles. I love pickles. I'll Send you some samples in the mail. I want to get the pickled Jimmy John's sandwich. Me Too. Sorry, I just got so excited. I've gonna stand It all over. TikTok. I need that actually. But Pickles is a, definitely an untapped market. You could, you could do some damage in the, in the pickle arena and, and honestly it kind of plays into your, your brand, you know, like, what do you mean?


Well, 'cause Like hey, You got famous from, Hey, wait a minute. That just went over my fucking head. Wait a damn minute. What do you mean by that? No, it's, it's like you, you got famous for basically saying like, spit on that thing and then that thing resembles a, a pickle. Yeah. Yeah. It kind of makes sense. You got a point. If you ca if you came up with a clever name like Talk Tuah, the the pickles would fly off the shelves and then we, we make, we make it into another meme where Dickel Pickles people are watching the podcast Eating lunch Lee and eating the pickles. The Dickel pickles.


Dickel pickles. Would You invest in it? Yes. Okay, we'll get back to this another time. I'm ready. I'm I got it. I'm, I got cash ready to invest into the pickles. Good deal brother. Thank you for coming. Woo. Hey Thank you for coming. Thank you for Thank you. Thanks for talking to ya. TUAH. Talk. Tuah and me. There you Go. Thank You for having me on. So yeah, that's why I'm betting on Mike Tyson. But Anyw who, how do you guys feel about it? I think Mike's gonna win just solely because he has more experience than Jake does. I mean, Jake's quick and he is young, but at the end of the day, I think Mike's got it.


I don't know. I feel like it'd go either way. I feel like it could go either way too. But I'm putting my hopes in Mike. Same, but he is old and Jake is a very good fighter. So I don't know. He is a very good fighter, but I don't know Mike Tyson. He's supposed to be like the legend though. Yeah. You survived Talk. Tuah it. How do you feel? I feel good. Honestly, I wasn't nervous coming into this. I feel like we got a lot of things that need to be cleared up or specified and cleared up. I'm glad I got that out. I know that the world knows I'm not as sorry. Suck as shit. Yeah. Chelsea, you wanna, Do you feel about me being here? Mm, you right. I guess. Fair, Fair Enough. You wanna shopping in tomorrow?


For what? You gotta have an outfit for the white Oh? yeah. Yeah, I probably will. Okay. You gotta get you a tux too. Not a Tux. Suit. Suit. I'm not going. I was shit all day. Sorry. Not gonna a ball mitzvah. Same fucking thing. Hey y'all I, hope you enjoyed the show and if you haven't gotten yourself any Talk, Tuah, a merch, be sure to click the link in the description below so we can match. Tag me and Talk Tuah it while you're watching the episode and let us know what you think. And before you go, don't forget. Subscribe to that thing. Subscribe to that thing.