
What's up y'all? Welcome. back to Talk Tuah. Better original. Download better. And play. Betr. Picks Thank you for tuning in. I hope you've been enjoying the show, Make. sure. you subscribed Wherever you're listening Now, And, leave me a five star review. I. wanna hear what you think of today's episode, so be sure to leave me a comment too. Welcome back to Talk.


Like. an emphasis on it, like curious about Ozempic or Wegovy, but not sure if your insurance covers it. That's where RO comes in. Ro can help you understand if GLP ones are right for you and your goals, but that's just the beginning. RO members have support throughout the process. That means no insurance paperwork, and you'll have access to your provider on demand for any questions. Plus, you can sign up online from the comfort of your own home. That means no waiting for an in person doctor's visit. No commute to the doctor's office and no waiting rooms. Join. the over 250,000 people who have already chose RO to access to GLP ones. Go to ro dot co slash tua to find out if you're covered for free. That's RO dot co slash Tuah. Go to ro dot co slash safety for box warning and full safety information. Rx only.


Hello? And. Welcome. back to Talk to a bunch of hawk suckers. This is there. It's so we're calling that it's I like hawk sucker. Alright. You got thing you call your people. No, you were, you were pitching it before. To me, I think it works. I don't, I don't name more like classify my people as anything. Just, you know, they can be named their name, I guess their parents gave them or Whatever. Okay. So you don't consider yourself one. Consider myself a a Hawk. Fuck. What'd I even call it? Hawk sucker. A hawk Sucker. A hawk sucker. I guess I would need to know the definition before I could really claim myself like A listener, I guess. A listener of the pod. Yeah, Because you know Hawk. Wow. You know, Do you listen to Talk? Tuah? Huh?


I don't listen to it either. Okay. I really don't. I'm being so fucking serious when it comes out. I'm like, It makes me feel better to say that I haven't listened to an episode yet. No, That's okay. But maybe this will be the first one I listen to 'cause I'm in it. Okay. That'll probably be the last two though, right? We don't know. We don't know. Maybe you'll have me on again for a third time and you don't wanna listen to it. Okay. You got me there. My bad. You scared the shit outta me the first time. No, it's okay. We're doing a second take I guess at this, right? Yeah. Yeah. Fight. Yeah. We got it this time, right? Yeah. We'll figure it out. We'll figure it out. I guess I was making her nervous or something. It's just a concept. You're a man. I don't like talking to men. No, I get it. I get it. Men are scary. If you could pick between a man and a bear, right? Yeah. And I'm gonna pick the fucking bear. Yeah, I get it. I get it. Crazy thing that was trending.


Why would you ever pick a bear? You will die. Exactly. That's the point. You Would rather die than have the possibility that it could just be a good man and help you outta the forest or something. Yeah. Fair. No, any woman can walk through the door and I can talk all day long to him. But now a man. Mm. I Don't know about that. I saw you had Whitney on. We love Whitney. Yeah. You like Whitney? She's great. She's great. No, I like her a a lot. I Watch the podcast. Well, I saw the promo Oh Yeah, Chelsea. I saw a bunch of the posts online about people saying it was like the best podcast of all time and they were like dropping everything they were doing and it takes their life to go and watch it. Yeah. I actually also saw a picture. I guess you guys released a picture maybe of me and you? I don't know. Yeah, It's like in the little intro thing. Okay. So yeah, you guys posted a picture of me and you and I also saw a v it was like a collage I guess, or like a slide show Whatever you want call it.


But it had like a million likes and it was like a picture of me and you and it slowly faded into like Play-Doh and Socrates I believe. And it was like pretty much calling us the next Play-Doh and Socrates. So What the fuck does that mean? We're like philosophers essentially. Do you know who they are? No. Alright. What is That? I, I'm not even gonna lie. I have no idea what he's talking about either. Wow. Maybe you guys should listen to some of the philosophers and then you guys would come with some more in depth stuff for Talk Tuah Us. Wait, you mean a philosopher Like Shakespeare? Oh my gosh, There's not the wrong answer. Shakespeare was something more of like, you know, a play.


Like he would write plays, you know? Okay. Then what? Yeah, he was, what's a philosopher? A philosopher is someone that like, they, they're, they're pretty much just someone that thinks about like grand things. You know? Like they're, they're someone that's like thinking about these like theories and they think About life and do we, me and Chelsea are philosophers. Okay. When we get stunned, we start thinking about stuff, you know? All Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I lot, A lot of people think they're philosophers when they get stoned. I think that's a pretty common thing when you get a back Think yes. Think. Yeah. You, I mean, you're not a philosopher. You don't know that. I'm not a philosopher. Chelsea. I think we're philosophers. What do you think? Philosophers here? Yeah. You're supposed to agree with me through everything. Sorry. She's getting in trouble for that later.


She's gonna sit in the corner. Actually. Do you watch yourself like on the internet? Oh, I tend not to. I don't, I tend not to. I don't. I feel like I usually post my stuff and then kind of move on from it. Fair enough. Yeah. I understand. You read your comments? No, no, not at all. Maybe like the first four, just whatever's at the top and then again, kind of move on. You read a lot of comments. I mean, a few. There's some funny ones in there that make me laugh. And there's some other ones that just make me mad. Yeah. Yeah. See, I feel like it's like, ah, why? Why go in there? You're never gonna find like a comment section full of love. Right? I mean, sometimes you will Not, if you look hard, you're always Gonna find, I feel if you look pretty hard, you won't, but, you know.


So what about you? You went from like wiggle dicking, you know? Yeah. And now you're here. So yeah. How'd you get from there to Here? We're gonna talk Tuah. I mean life. So yeah, I, I started doing social media. I was, as you token it, wiggle dicking, I guess Dave to token it that. But was doing that. Went on tour, started sway with all the boys, and then had beef with a kid named Lil Huddy. Made a disc track. Dave said, I forgot about that. That's crazy. And tweeted about it. I got him on my Instagram live. We started doing my podcast now. We built out a production company. Me and Chris, who you guys met earlier. Venture fun. Doing a bunch of stuff. You said Dave. Yeah, I know.


I moved from Dave to Chris Hey. y All This is your reminder that Betr Picks is the home of daily discount. What does that mean exactly? Betr. Picks is the only pick on fantasy app offering discounted projections every single day. Monday discount Tuesday, discount Wednesday, Thursday. Friday. Discount, discount, discount. You guys get it. Price. Picks and Underdogs. Can't say that. 'cause Betr Picks is the only pick on fantasy app offering discounts every single day. Download better play Betr Picks. Throw a discount into your lineup and let's all win. Big download. Better play. Betr. Picks. Download. Better play Betr Picks. Dave, I'm gonna send him a friendship bracelet. Do you think he'd accept it? I think he'd open the package.


Okay. Fair enough. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe I should write him like a, A handwritten letter or something. Yeah, that could be a little more Personal. Yeah. Why don't Dave like me? What'd I do to him? I don't think he did anything to Dave. And I don't think Dave doesn't like you. I think he just gave you like, good strategy on what to do with like the podcast. He kind of sent me for like a little spin. 'cause like, he liked me for a minute, then he didn't, then he liked me and then he didn't, I Think he just said like, if I was running Haley's social and I was running her, her career, if she came to Barstow and she signed there, that wouldn't have been the first thing I would've done is post, make her do a podcast on her own. Okay. Fair enough. You know what I'm saying? I don't, that's a So you think we'd be friends? Yeah. I think you guys would be friends.


I'm gonna send him a friendship. I think he'd be nothing but nice to you. Has he ever hurt your feelings? I think, I think I've been, I've been pretty lucky where I've been able to stay clear of Dave's Wrath. Wrath, yeah. Wrath. That's a great, great word to use there. I've been able to stay clear of it, but I think Brie kind of is on the receiving end a little bit more than I am for, for where Dave's corrections go versus me or Brie. You Guys should have Grace as the other guests on the BFFs. BFFs, she comes on a lot. I feel like she's like our token, like replacement Forever's not there. Oh. yeah. Like if I'm not there, if Brie isn't there, Dave isn't there, we always get Grayson.


And then Grace is, she's like, yeah, she's, she's the bench player for us. She's the bench player for us. You know what I mean? She's the sixth man that comes in MVP. She intrigued me. She can say anything with a straight face and just like mean it. And we'll all be over here like this. Try not to laugh. I don't understand how she does that. No, she, she's so serious too. Like her responses Oh. yeah. So I was like, can I laugh at this? Yeah. Oh, like the Mendez brothers thing? Yes. I was like, what do you think about that? The Mendez brothers? Yeah. And like the whole thing about it. I mean, I haven't really watched any of the documentaries or Evidently the documentary has like nothing to do with like the real case. Okay. Yeah. No, I don't watch anything about it evidently.


But don't have that. I haven't read anything about the case. I've just seen the edits of the guy that everyone's like freaking out about. That's Pretty. Which one? Which white boy of the Month? The, oh, the, I don't know. The one that's like mafia, blah blah blah, blah, blah. I thought we were close. Or whatever the hell he says in the edit Mother, when you Talk motherfucker Mafia. Yes. Motherfucker. Yes. But I just see that, I've seen that and that's about it. So I don't really have a take on it. I guess You need to watch it. That's your assignment. Okay. I'll Go home. You need to go home and watch it. Yeah. That'll be what I do next. I was about to say something, but I can't say that. You can say Whatever you want. Okay. Maybe back. Maybe. Maybe you need to like, Can, you can always edit this. This is, you might be gay. Gay after you watch it. Me personally. Yeah. Like when I was watching, I was like, whoa, It made you wanna be gay.


You're a guy. Okay. Okay. So like, I thought you, you know. Yeah. I, I certainly hope not. That would suck for me and Gabby in our future. Where is that girl? I was hoping you'd bring her. Yeah. Yeah. She's at a friend's right now. She's like out with, she has like a, a church group. So church group. I think they're all like hanging out so sweet doing stuff. You really bagged to Betty? I, I really did. I'm really So where'd you meet her At? I met her at my birthday, 21st birthday. I knew she was coming from Brazil to la so I was Like. hey, why don't you come to my birthday? She came through and that was the rest is history. I met her that night and then about a week, maybe after I'd met her at my birthday, probably less than that. There's no way I played it that cool and waited that long.


I probably texted her like the next day or two days after, but texted her and was Like, hey, me and my friends are going to Dave and Buster's. You should come. Had not asked any of my friends to go to Dave and Buster's yet. I was just waiting for her response. She said yes. So then I was like, all right boys we're gonna Dave and Buster's. And we went there, met up with her and that was kind of like our first time hanging out and we just kept going out to these like fun little things that I would try to plan for us to do. And then I asked her to be my girlfriend. Fair enough. Yeah. Was Gabby always on social media? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, as long as I've known her. But she's been on social media I think since she was 13, 14. Oh. Pretty much the same age. I So it's not like when y'all started dating that was you like introducing her to The world? No, no, no, no, no. She, she hadn't spent a lot of time in la.


Oh. But she had been on social media. Like she already had nine, 10 million followers on social media, on TikTok, I guess when I had met her. So she was doing just fine on her own. Do You have to worry about like men DMing her? Not really. I mean, I have a relationship that I have trust in. You know what I mean? So people DM her all the time. People DM me. I mean, we both don't really go into our dms that often. So I think it's just something that's like, she's never given me a reason to worry or never given me a reason to not trust her. So I think that's the reason, like why I haven't like hard lunch pooky just 'cause you don't have trust. It's not even that. I just don't want all these girls like messaging him and shit. 'cause like he, he fine man. That's my man.


Of course. Yeah. And when you open it up, when you open it up to the world, you know there's gonna be like vindictive women that are just gonna hit him up. Because, Because you got people that are like that. Yeah, of Course. On every side of you always gonna have that. I mean, there's gonna be people that are gonna hit him up just to see if they can get a response to post on social media to make you feel a certain way. You know what I mean? And I would feel a certain way, I'd probably shuck somebody's house with like a bat or something. 'cause I mean, I'm a crash out case. I'm just waiting for it. So, yeah. Yeah. I mean I guess that's a little PSA to the people probably don't DM her rug guy or she's gonna show up with a bat at your house. She'd be bad for you and be bad for you as well. Yeah. I mean, I'd smile in my mugshot. Yeah, You'd be doing your podcast through a phone, you know.


That'd Be Funny. We should BETR be wouldn't be a video podcast anymore. But wait, So does this mean you're never gonna go public with him? No, I really want to. I'm just, I don't know. I get really jealous. Does he feel weirded out that you don't want to go public with him? No. He kind of agrees. He's like understanding about it. He is like, I don't understand now his dad, dad, if that's excited for It's sus sus. I don't know how I feel about that. I feel like that might be more suss on his part that he doesn't care. Yeah. He's got a point. Know what I mean? So what should I do? I don't know. I mean like, he's like, no, no, no, it's fine. You don't have to post about me and like say that we're a thing that's kind. He's like understanding though. He is like, I get it. Like don't rush it or anything. So I'm like, oh, okay. That's why you don't want him out there. 'cause I don't.


'cause I'm telling you the first person to hit him up. I'm telling you I'm gonna have a stroke. Basically all my comments have been saying like, pookie's in it for the money. Do you give him money? Hell no. I don't give him money. Mm. I be spoiling him. But he don't ask for it. Like Has his lifestyle really changed since he started dating you? I mean, he gets spoiled. It's like a Build-A-Bear. I think it's kind of fun If he gets You gave him a Build-A-Bear. Is that What you're saying? I mean, yeah, he did give him give. But That's not what he's saying. Is that, is that all you spoiled him with? Because I can tell you if that's it. He's not in it for the bag. No, I mean like if I go somewhere and I see something, I'm like, oh, Pooky would like that. I'm gonna get it for me now. Okay. It's like considerate. So like what's the most expensive thing you got in 'em?


Pair Of boots. Probably a pair of boots. That wasn't too bad though. Those Tennessee tickets. That was also your man. So don't get on my ass about that. Yeah, but we're not talking about me. We're talking about you. How you gonna put me on the spot when I pay for your man's ticket too? Don't, don't even go there. Yeah. That was all you right there. Yeah. So not only do I spoil my man, I spoil hers too. That's good. Well, I Mean that was only for the game and the hotel. Well, Airbnb, I feel like he's not in it for the bag. He's not. I think he's not in for Like, he don't ask for, if he's not asking for anything and it's a build bear. It's good. Fell Then I think he's not in for the bag. Yeah, I agree. I Think you're safe. All the comments keep eating him up though. And he is like, I think he's safe. Hard. Launch it. You should just do it without asking him one time. Yeah.


You should just post 'em in the middle of the night. Like. hey. And wakes up to it the next morning. He'd be like, What the Fuck? He'd love that. I bet you'd really, he Probably would. Yeah. Until I have comments like, you know how you can read 'em like when you swipe up on Snapchat? Yeah, of course. I'd be sick. I'd probably be in my room throwing up. Oh never. I just wouldn't read the comments. But they're so fun to look at. Like there's a funny office. Not if you're gonna be throwing up. I posted this one today and it, what did I caption it? It was funny. It was Taste by Sabrina Carpenter. Me and Chelsea were singing it and I was like, this song has like got crack in it. And somebody slipped up and said, what was it? Something about my mom I was laughing my ass off. I was like, that's fucked up. But it's funny. That would've been a really good story if you remembered the joke. Hold on, I'll pull this out and read it.


I'll pull this out and read it. 'cause it cracked me up. I read it while ago. I said, this song is more addicted than crack. This one says your mom didn't think so. Oh, Dark Camera. I thought it was funny. Yeah, I thought it was really funny. You can laugh if I'm not gonna like cry or anything. Does your mom do crack? Yeah. Oh, that makes it way funnier. See, Thank You. Yeah. Thank you. I'm glad somebody. Yeah, I didn't know that. I didn't know that going into the joke, so, damn. Does your mom do crack? No, she's, she's pretty straight cut. I mean, I don't think she really ever even smoked in her life like weed. Nothing. That's good. Yeah, she's pretty chill. She's like a she she'll drink, but that's about it.


Good deal. I'm happy for you. Thank you Thank you. Yeah. It's Brag. That's why you doesn't have a lot character To Brag. But yeah, don't flex on me or anything. Yeah, it's okay. Come from an intact household. Ain't that great. I old are you? I'm 22. 22. Oh, he's not much older than us. No. How old are you? A year younger. Oh, 21 we're babies. Wow. Look at that. It's beautiful. Have you listened to Gorilla's new album? No. No. I'm not the, I'm not the biggest G Glow Rilla fan. You don't like Gorilla, Do you? Do you look at me and think like, oh, this guy listens to go. I mean, I feel like everybody can get ratchet to Gorilla. Yeah. Like I don't understand how you can't No, I, I mean, I could probably get right as you said to Gorilla.


I just think that's, yeah. Not say get ratchet. Get ratchet. Oh, get ratchet. Yeah. Not right. No, I, I don't get ratchet to gorilla. What do you get ratchet to? What do I get ratchet to? Yeah. I tend not to get ratchet, but I guess if I'm getting ratchet to something. Rat ratchet. Where are you from? You ain't from here. I'm from Toronto, Canada. Canada? Yeah. What are you doing here? You invited Him? Well, no, Not not Mike necessarily in here. What do you doing in the United States? Yeah, so I do social media. Yeah. You know TikTok, Instagram, YouTube, and that. That pretty much took me out to la.


I feel like This is the best place to do it. So Does your family live here? No. They all live back in Toronto still. When do you go see 'em? Holidays, birthdays, summertime. I usually make a trip. Fair enough. Yeah. I Try to get back like three times a year. That's usually the number. If I'm getting back like three times and that's good. Where'd you say you're from? Toronto. Toronto? Yeah. You know t McCree? Oh. Yeah? Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna backtrack here because Hailey's gonna start pulling random questions out of her ass. I probably am. When you, how did you hard launch Gabby? How did I hard launch Gabby? How did I hard launch Gabby? He said cheese took a picture of her. Like When was the first time y'all went public together? Yeah, I mean we had like posted together for a while before I would say like we were as, I don't know, like as hard as you can get before it's a hard launch, I guess.


Like we were like posting a lot as we were like hanging out. I think it was probably on my podcast. I think I probably said it on my podcast. That would've been the place where I would've said it is like the first time, like Oh, Yeah. I asked out Gabby and like probably told the story about me, like being all giddy and like excited and going to this dinner and not being able to say it at the dinner. Whole dinner goes by, I'm like nervous. I don't get it out. I'm like, okay, I'll do it at the car. When we get to the car, we get to the car, I don't do it again. I like, we get in the car ride. I'm like thinking about the whole car ride home, like 20 minutes. I'm like, I gotta ask. I gotta ask. I gotta ask. Didn't ask. And then like, we're getting outta the car. And I was like, all right, I am not going back into my house until I asked this girl to be my girlfriend. Like I can't do it.


So I get outta the car first and like walk around to open her door. Open her door, and she walks out. And then I was Like, hey, do you wanna be my girlfriend? I pretty much like Word vomited it out. Do you wanna be my girlfriend? And then, yeah, like, it was so fast. And then she was like, yes. Like of course like at this point she had already been to my house in Canada. She had seen like, she had visited with my parents. She knows my brother, my sister. Like it was like a pretty safe bet that I was gonna get a yes. My sister had told me like, dude, you gotta ask already. She wants like This is like, she's gonna say yes. Have you Ever been told no, but I was nervous. Like, have you ever asked a girl out? and she was like, no. That's a good question to ask because personally, if a man's asking me to be his girlfriend to his face, I can't tell him no. Right, right. I'm gonna be like, yes, I'm wait until I get home.


Be Like. hey Like. hey. I changed my mom. Yeah, no, I, I mean I guess I've never asked a girl out and they've said no, but I've also not asked out that many girls. Okay. I would say like to be my girlfriend. That's only happened three times in my life. So I've only had, this will be my third boyfriend. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess I just haven't asked that many times. Maybe if I keep swinging, the percentages will change. Yeah. But I'm hoping that I can just stay where you're, stay where I'm, yeah, I agree. That's a good idea. Like I'm just hoping to no more swinging, retire from the game and No more swinging. Be Good. Be good. How long do you plan to date her before you ask to marry her? Whew. I guess that that can change with many different things. Right? Like, I don't know where I'm gonna be in two years. I don't know where I'm gonna be in four.


But I think in my mind when I was younger, I'd always had it teed up. Like 28 to 30 is probably the age I wanna get married and then have a kid at like, like right away pretty much right after that. So I least Have the first So say eight years from now. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So you don't wanna be a dph? No, I'm still gonna look really good at 30. Are you certain you gotta a skincare routine? Oh? no, but I'm certain I just, yeah, I just think I, I think I'll have it. I think I'll still be good at 30. I think me and Pooky are gonna run off to Vegas and get married. Beautiful. We've been talking about It's beautiful. You said ful. I Said that's beautiful. I'm not said I'm not gorilla. I'm not gorilla Fucking, that's shit.


I don't speak like Gorilla and I don't listen to her music. But I have seen the clips of her speaking and I do like how she speaks. It is kind of satisfying. We're trying to get her on. That'd Be Great. I'm so excited for her. That'd Be great. Yeah. That'd be beautiful. Who's your favorite guest you've had on so far? For mine, I probably go with like, I think one of my tops is the Oon. I think he's just, he's just, his humor gets me. So I think when he, he came on, it was just most enjoyable. Like I was just laughing the most, you know, I feel like I'd laugh a lot with him too. Yeah. Yeah. He's, I feel like that's my long lost brother. Mm. We need to get him on too. I'll holler at him. Don't worry. Yeah, I could see that being a big podcast. I'm Like. hey brother. That would be a good little duo. You and Theo.


That would Work great. I'd be very scared of what would come out in this room. Chelsea, I really wanna go to a Rod Wave concert. I'm dying to see him in person. Oh yes. We need to go.


You should go to that app. Oh, the Gametime app? Yes. Yeah, that's a good idea. But you know what I love about Gametime? You can see the view from your seats before you buy the tickets. Do these look good? Oh, Yeah. Those look good. And Gametime also has its new feature, it's called Gametime Picks. It makes getting tickets for these events so much easier. Oh Yeah. I've heard about it. It sounds like it helps to filter everything so you can see the deals quicker. Yep. Exactly. But you know what's cool about it? Even if we don't wanna get these tickets right now, there's last minute deals up until the start of the event and even an hour after it starts. Well we're in LA right now. We should go look for Dodgers tickets. Let's do it. Everyone should go download the Gametime app, create an account and use code TALKTUAH for us for $20 off your first purchase in Terms. Apply again, create an account. Redeem code. T-A-L-K-T-U-A-H Talk Tuah for $20 off. That's talk Tuah for $20 off. Download Gametime today. What time is it? Gametime? What time is it? Gametime.


So you guys are like officially dating then? Yeah. Yeah. Just no hard launch. No hard launches yet. Wow. Things have gone so complicated. Huh? You posted a few with them, but his face out. Yeah, his space blurred out. Poor God Cold. That's very Cold. Right? Would you be offended if somebody did that? I mean, I would feel like it was like a gas station robbery video that was just posted on me if my face would blurred out. Yeah, I think the would would that people were like, who the hell is Pooky? So it's just like funny for you to be Like, it's kind of, I feel like become a character because even the last time when we did this the first time you were talking about like the Pooky or whatever you're calling him a lot. So it, I feel like it's almost become like a character for people now.


Like people know about this, like imaginary, not imaginary, he's real, but you know what I'm saying? I get that a lot. You I'm, that thing is imaginary or it's Chelsea, which you kind of fit the description. Do you and your girlfriend live together? Pretty much. So I have a place in Woodland Hills and then she has a place in like Beverly West Hollywood area. But she is not there often. She's not there often. She's probably at my place 29 outta 30 days a month I would say. So, yeah. But I mean, I like it. It's great for me. I get to see her every morning and every night. It's my favorite times. You cook for her? Cook for her pretty much every single day. Look At you go, I wish Cookie could cook. I Love cooking. I think that's, that's something I'll always do.


Like my parents did that a lot when I was growing up. I feel like that was a big part of our like, just like a big component to our family. Like having home cooked meals was a big thing and spending time together at the kitchen table was a big thing. So for me, like when I think about like, oh, you know, like getting married or like where I'm gonna be at that point in six to eight years. Like I wanna be cooking dinners every night for my family. I think that's like the most fun thing to do. I think being able to cook six times a week, then have like one night where it's like maybe a a little bit easier or something like than for yourself. Throw in the oven, you know? But yeah, no, if I could cook every night I would. What kind of food do you cook for her? She likes pasta a lot.


Pasta. Pasta. Yeah, That's a, that's a new one. I ain't never heard that before. Pasta. You've never heard of the dish? Pasta, Pasta, Pasta. Well yeah, no, in Canada, I guess we just say pasta. Pasta. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, people usually get a giggle outta that. But pasta, I, I do that a lot. I think her main thing is pasta. I like steak a lot, so I try to cook steak as much as I can. We do a couple different things. Like she's trying to get like a lot of protein and not too many calories right now. So like the other day I did like deviled egg burgers, which were kind of what like a nuts recipe, but pretty good tasting actually. It was just like instead of a burger, like you're making tiny little pattied burgers and then you're using deviled eggs as the buns instead of buns, which gives you more protein, less calories.


It kind of intrigued me with the whole deviled egg burger. It's actually really good. You got me and her over here looking at each other. Like I really didn't think I was gonna like it much. And then I made it for her and I tried one and I was like, yeah, I'm probably gonna make like four of those for me right now, so. Okay. You might have to Send the recipe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can DM it to you. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I got it off Instagram, so. All Right. I have a few rapid fire questions for you guys. Alright, let's do it. you Ready? Yeah. Alright. What's the most insane celeb that's been in your dms? Do you wanna go first or do you want me to go first? Okay. I should have Brick when little Baby sent me a cowboy emoji. Did he slide into your dms though? Not like that. I don't know. Sugar Haw O'Malley had threw me for a spin too. Yeah, he actually video called you, didn't he?


Yeah. And I was intoxicated that night. That's when we were in Nashville and I was jumping over fences. Oh Yeah. So I didn't see it. I don't know what he wanted either. Huh. I mean, the craziest, I guess the one that sticks out, I think it was probably, 'cause it was like one of the first big ones like back in like 2019 or something like that. 2020 Camila Keo. Whoa. Damn. And that was crazy. Just again, like it was like I had just gotten to LA so that was nuts. But it was like she was asking for me to do something for like one of her siblings or something like that. Like what? I think it was like a birthday shout out. Oh. It was something like easy and simple like that. But yeah. Yeah. We listen to her when she was in Fifth Harmony.


She, she kills it. I like, I like some of her music now all Too. It's great. Yeah. I probably would've shit my pants if she DMed Me too. Right? Yeah. Have you had any celebrities like actually slid into your dms? Like hitting on you? Yeah. Yeah. I guess. Who? I mean, I already gave one. I don't need to throw another one under the bus. She, She was just wanting Something. Yeah, but it don't matter. I Gabby's, the Gabby's the only one that matters to me. So Oh, Yeah. Sorry. Don't even Me talk with Love you Gabby. Yeah, I'm with you. I don't need to answer that either. I got a man too. Sorry guys. Tell him set him straight. Let's go. I'm just trying to stir. She's gonna get out in trouble. Yes. Exactly's poking the bear Over here. I get cussed out after episode. We should just send them. We'll just send Gabby and Pokey to her.


Exactly. Oh, okay. You can deal with the R. The second question's on here. I didn't write this one. Okay. She did. She did. She did. You did. All right. It's just good to know who we're pointing blame at. Which one of your friends would you set me up with? Anthony. Who the hell's Anthony? I love Anthony. He's like my roommate and he's single. So Am I stupid. Who is that? He was one of the S. You got a picture of him? I mean, I could go to like his Instagram. Yeah. Show me a picture of him. I need to see what I'm looking at here.


Chelsea, guess what? What is it this time? Did you know? You can bet on the election. Like you can bet on who's gonna be president. Yeah, it's this new app called Cowie. No way. I gotta see this for myself. Oh my gosh. You can bet on different events too. Who do you think the favorite is for president right now? Let me check it out. It says right here that Trump's winning by 60%. But you can also bet by each state. I gotta get Pooky in on this. He's gonna lose his mind. Oh. Yeah. He loves to bet. Evidently it's legal in all 50 states. So that means we can do it in Tennessee too. I feel like this would be fun for me and Pooky to do and win some money. Oh, don't forget to show Granny. You already know she's gonna love this. But when I run for president, are you gonna bet on me like I've been talking about Hell yeah, I am. I have one sick ass campaign slogan too. Oh HALIEY. Tell everyone about your code first. For everyone watching this sign up and use my code cash sheet.com/talk Tuah. And the first 500 betters that deposit a hundred dollars, get a free $20 credit. And back to my slogan, what y'all think about two ply or die, upgrade that toilet paper and give your ass a love it deserves.


He's Looking at Instagram right now. Yep. Sorry, I'm being nosy. That's Okay. I had to see who I'm looking at here. But anyways, what do you think? You know who he is? I mean, I just had to look at him. I guess I would have to meet him. That's makes sense. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. This is my proposal for you now. Okay, so where are you going back in November? Undecided, but maybe if the proposal's good enough. Okay. I bet you a thousand dollars I kick your ass and I stay in longer. Have you been playing a lot? No, I haven't thought about poker since like last time. Yeah. But then I seen you got done before. I did. I did. And then the little fella beside me, he was like, this can go on for eight hours. And I was like, Hm, eight hours.


I can't do that. So I was like all in. I didn't have shit in my hand. I was like, okay, bye. Nice. If you want to go a thousand dollars on the next one. If I'm there, I'll give you a thousand dollars. If you stand longer than me. Yeah. This is on better by the way. You're probably gonna smoke me at it. Yeah. Now I'm gonna have to start Filming. I feel like you didn't try the last time. No, not, not that I, it's not that I didn't try. I think it's just like a lot of the times at those I don't play as safe as I necessarily would or I like, I'll just like shove more just 'cause it's like free money. Who's better at it? You or Bryce? I think Bryce is better at it. I think so too. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think like when we were both playing a lot, I don't know. 'cause I'd beat him quite a bit, but now he, he play that's like, I feel like he does that every single day.


So I'd give that To him. Yeah. I don't wanna sit at a table with him. He's gonna rob me blind. Ah. I wouldn't be scared to sit at a table with Him. Mm. I Don't wanna do it. I kind of like playing against him still. I love, but you're, you're probably good too though. So it's like competition. Ah, I'm trash at it. I think it's more just like, because we're friends, the playing field ends up leveling a little bit because we both get inside each other's heads. You know where it's like if I was a random and he was a random and we were at our skillset, he'd probably beat me every time. That's What you think? Okay. That's what I think. Yeah. You've played with Steiny this past time, right? Poker? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've played with him. He's better than you Whitney? No. No. You don't think so? No, I Don't think so. He is helping me. He was helping you? Yeah man.


Well that makes sense. I think Has a crush on you. That's why he was helping you Steiny. Yeah. No, he wanted, he cracks me up when I see his like Instagram feed and he's got like a different big booted girl on his bed or doing or doing like videos with him. He cracks me up. Yeah, He's a funny lad. He's a funny lad. I agree. Yep. You got anything else Chelsea? I wasn't done my questions. If you guys wanna keep going. Go back. Keep going. Sorry. We're yappers. It's the slowest rapid fire. I've everybody I know, that's what I'm saying. We've had two questions in The last 10 minutes. What's your most embarrassing high school memory? Ooh. I'm curious to know what you were like in high school. Were you a asshole in school? No, not at all. I wasn't cool enough to be an asshole in school.


Let's think. Most embarrassing moment, probably like kids like, like air playing My like musically is onto the smart board. I would say that has to be like a top embarrassing moment for me. You Brought up musically. You gotta do the thing for us. I There's no chance. Please don't do it. I'll get up and leave. Maybe if, maybe if somehow you guys had convinced me to drink wine before this, you might've gotten one, but I tried. I know, but I mean I offered. No, we could have sent an Uber. It's okay. It's okay. Okay. Yeah. I would've sent you Uber home. There's a lot. I know. So I don't know One worst have. So you ever went crowd surfing In high school? Yeah. Not like in the school I guess. But can I consider that? I mean it was like UCA camp.


Yeah. What's embarrassing about that? That was, that wasn't embarrassing. you were living your best life. It seems like Freddy Rock. I like disappeared when they found me. I was just we. Yeah, that seems like a pretty cool story. I don't know. What's something bad I've done? I don't think it's bad. I think it's embarrassing. Yeah. Well embarrassing. What's something embarrassing I've done? Okay, next question. Okay. Yeah. Next question. I don't know, how did you tell Gabby you loved her first? Oh Jesus Christ. How did I tell Gabby? I loved her first. Do you, do you want to go first or do you want me to go first? Okay, You got it. Cool. It'd be weird if you told Gabby you loved her. I love you Gabby. I think it was the first time was, it was when, it was before we were dating actually.


And we had, I brought her to my hometown. We were in the bedroom that I like grew up in and we were like just kind of joking around, fooling around, whatever. and she had said something or made some joke to me and I kind of just slipped out after she said it. Like I laughed and I was like, ha, I love you. And I just kind of paused and then she was like, what? And I was like, nah, nothing, nothing, nothing. And kind of just brushed it off. But. that was probably the first time I had said it. Yeah. So actually I took Gabby to the beach and then I took, I'm kidding, I'm Kidding here. Sounded way more romantic than mine at the start of that. Mine was just in The bedroom. I took her to the beach and told her That's Beautiful. What'd she say?


She was Like, I love You too. Of course. Oh wow. HALIEY actually told Pooky she loved him before he told her dude I was fucking hammered in a hotel. Oh, okay. Well that's okay. And he Didn't say it back. Little of him. Oh Yeah. That was the mic drop right there. No kidding. Yeah. And then you bought him a Bede bear. This is like months like before. Okay. You had to earn the Bede bear, Which that was Harley speaking. It wasn't, it wasn't me. Right. So I was a little drunk. Hey, that's all right. That's all Right. But anyhow, you, you get the idea. Yeah. A little early. Love. You never hurt nobody. Hopefully, I don't know. Probably has but you know, didn't hurt you. It's like one of those things that happens, like you gotta go home to like your homegirls the next day. Be like, y'all I've done something bad.


Yeah. They're like, Oh, no. What'd you do? And I told 'em, they're like, Oh. Yeah, it's a tough one. Yeah, it's a tough one to recover. But now he said it first this time. That's good. And then I was like, huh, Now you're back on the playing field. Yeah. Yeah. We're good now.


Chelsea, I got something. I gotta tell you what. So Pookie's back is hairy and I dunno how to tell him. You know what you can get for him? What? The chairman pro. Oh, from manscape.com Right? Right. It's one that comes with two interchangeable blade heads. Right, right. Yeah, I've heard about that. But if he wants even more precision on the right side of the bracket, there's a precision lock. So he is able to achieve a more precise shave. It even comes with a travel lock. Perfect for those business trips or getaways and an LED spotlight to ensure a precise shave every time. Oh, and don't forget it's waterproof so he can use it in the shower. The ultimate tool that brings a luxury of a professional shave right here. Whether he loves a clean, smooth shave or prefers to keep that rugged five o'clock shadow. The chairman pros a way to go. So if you're looking for a thoughtful and practical gift that he'll actually use in love, get 20% off in free shipping when you use the code Tuah at manscape.com. That's TUAH Tuah at manscape.com. You heard it? TUAH. Tuah.


You should have pulled the card back on him and laughed in his face. I did that. I would've done. I did. I was in your driveway. I hope your mom got it on fucking camera. Like the little camera that's on your porch. I was like surely to God, she's got that. She's got to I was like, huh. What? And I just kind of looked at him and I was like, I love You too. I turned around and I walked in the house and I was why I was like y'all. Alright, next question. What's something people are generally surprised to find out about you when they meet you? Generally, I feel like the first thing people always say is like, oh, you're taller than I thought. I think that's like the first thing people say when they meet me. I didn't think about That boss as fuck. I Was very demanding.


I'm just like six, five. People just think I'm Short. I feel like you're the height. I expected you to be here, But I'm not like super tall or anything. I think it's just people think I'm like five, nine. They just think, think I'm Bryce Height. But You got an Answer. I don't know. I've had a lot of people tell me that I'm actually nice, like when they meet me in person. That's always a tough one, right? Yeah. I'm like, 'cause I used to get like right from doing social media, people used to be like, oh, you're actually like a normal person. And I'm like, yeah, obviously I'm nice. Unless it's like five o'clock in the morning at a airport and you're asking for a picture while my hair's on this side of my head and I'm in my pajamas. Yeah. I'm like, get away from me. Yeah. I think when we first met you, I expected you to be like a douche Bag. I didn't tell just 'cause I knew you from TikTok. See, I think that's what a lot of people think and then they'll be like, and yeah, so they're like, oh, you're normal.


And I'm like, yeah, I guess You didn't, well actually yeah, you did scare the shit outta me last time you were in here. So I'm not even gonna say that I, well, like I wouldn't even look at you. I was like, it's just a thing with men. I don't know. I don't like talking to men. Fair men suck. Like what Am I gonna Talk Tuah you about sports? You into sports? I, I am actually into sports. What are you into? Football, hockey, basketball. Those are probably the top three. What you think about baseball? Eh, It's not really my Thing. Not mine either. Yeah. I asked to play when I was younger and my dad said, no, I'm not going to bring you to a sport so you can Send the outfield for three hours. And I was like, all right, He's got a point. Yep. There's a lot of dirt too. White pants Doesn't, doesn't go well. I agree.


Mom didn't wanna do all that laundry. You don't do Your own laundry. Not when I was like four and gonna go play baseball. Okay. Okay. Fair enough. Yeah. My parents don't even live in the same country as me, so yes, I still don't do my own laundry. I mean someone does that for me, but I will do my laundry every once in a while. Just once in a while. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's a thought that counts. At least you do it sometimes and you know how to do it. Yeah, I know how to, I mean, I know how to throw a bundle of clothes into the washer and throw a tide pot in and click go. Like it's not that complic. Some men can't do that. You'd be very surprised. I, I, that's, That's Surprising. I can't wash his own clothes. One, my friends from home, he's not like, but that's, that's a skill you need to have and I'm proud you have it Thank You.


Yeah, I'm glad I can click two buttons and pick things up and Fair Enough. What's one slang word from your hometown that the other wouldn't know you? You go for a second. Gotta think about this for a second. Do you know what yonder Is? Oh wait, do you know what a ute is? A what? Like waist U? No, a Ute. Like a youngin. A youngin. Like a little, little, A little kid. Yeah. No, y'all call 'em MUEs. Like a ute. Like you're just kind of sunning someone. When you say that like I would be like saying like, I don't know, like junior or something like that. Like it's kinda the same, like you call 'em like a little A u. It's just like putting someone under you. I feel like it's like being like you're a U, like you're a little kid too.


I ain't never heard that. It's Like a Toronto slang thing, eh. Okay, fair enough. What you know about yonder? Like over yonder. Okay. You do know that maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What's another word I can give him? I don't know. I got nothing else. Put The Brit sound over this. Please. Please Put pinata. I was thinking that, but I was like, I don't know. You know what a puty pinata is? What? Poochie. Biana Poo. Poochie Biana? Yeah. Is this like an actual word or is this something you've made up with your Friends? Something I've made up. Oh, Okay. Well yeah, I'm not gonna know what that means. That's Your coer. Okay. You know what a coer is? Yeah. Okay. Say it. I Mean that. Say the word coer. Yeah. Okay. I thought you'd have like a funny way of saying it. No, no.


Like you did fucking pasta. Pasta, pasta. I'm gonna start saying pasta. Yeah. You like just get trending in the states. That's another word you could have used pasta. Well, you know what pasta Is now. I do. When you said it, I was like, what the Hell are you say? I would say pasta. You would've been like, I, I can't put together what that is. Yeah, exactly. Pasta. I was like, Man. Alright, what's the next one? What's the last lie you've told? The last lie I told Y'all are about to eat my ass up. Actually what? Remember what I was telling you about earlier? The last lie I told was, yeah, that's, that's my cousin in my phone. What was the last lie I told? I don't know. I don't know if I have like a recent lie.


Okay. I don't change. BETR Be lying often. Like BETR be. Do you lie a lot? Sometimes when I got to. Okay, Fair. Fair. What I saw, I told actually was when they said, are you okay when you're coming up? I was like, no, no, actually I said, yeah, I didn't, I What'd you say? I think you asked me that. you were like, are you okay? You told me no. When of y'all asked me that And I was like, yeah, I'm okay. I think when I walked in here someone asked like if I was excited and I said, yeah, you, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. You want that? Ask me Don't was a joke. That was a joke. Joke. There a Door bitch was I was a joke. I mean, yeah. I don't know if I have a last lie. I probably like saying I got a bogey today and a hole that I got a double bogey playing golf.


Maybe something like that. You play golf? I love golf. I Don't see you playing golf. Oh, I play it probably at least once a Week. Are you good? Eh? I'm all right. All right. Like, just like middle. I would say This is like been the first. This summer has been the first time I've really, really been like, oh, I'm gonna play though Week. We gonna set you on Pooky up a golf match. He plays nice. Do you know what he shoots? Don't ask me anything about golf. It's, please don't. No, it's all good. It's all good. I'll figure it out when I'm on the course with him. Okay. Fair enough. Fair, fair.


Election day is coming up on November 5th. 30% of registered voters don't turn out to vote and only 23% of people under 30 voted in the last election. How are we supposed to have a say in our future if we're not showing up at the polls? Don't be another no. Show statistic. Head up Send the vote.org/talk now to register to vote. It's nonpartisan, meaning they don't care who you're voting for, they just want to ensure you can vote. Head over to Send the vote.org/talk and they'll help you sign up, register and check if you're all set. You can also text Talk Tuah A 3 3 0 2 2 to learn more. That's TALK 2 3 3 0 2 2.


What's your most controversial opinion or hot take? Hmm. I'm gonna, I don't know, I guess I got a lot of slack for this recently, but like milk goes amazing with pizza. What? That's disgusting. Yeah, like eating pizza with a glass of milk. Unreal. You drink white milk by itself All the time? Yeah. I would drink white milk any moment of the day. Morning, nighttime, lunch. I'd pretty much have it with anything as well, but I'm just saying with pizza it's really good. Maybe it was just a me thing 'cause I'd be shitting my brains out. Oh, well that just sounds like you're like lactose intolerant. Yeah.


See and before like we even figured that out, just white milk by itself. I will not drink it unless like there's been an Oreo in it. Right. The Oreo needs to be in it for you to drink the Glass. Yeah. 'cause like as a little flavor to it. And it don't taste like milk. No, no. I feel Like it does. I really don't think it does whatsoever. Unless you're like, I don't know, leaving the Oreo in. You drink is like Straight white milk, Straight milk. I'll drink it out of the, outta the jug. Do you do that? No, I can't say I do either. I think a lot of people don't. Maybe, but that's why I said I think I, I get slapped for that. That's definitely something that needs to be discussed. All right, let's do I have one? I don't know. I'm not, not really into that kind of shit. What? Not into, you're not into HOT, TAKES.


I mean, what's something I feel strongly opinionated about? I don't know. I Ain't into that shit. I dunno. I have opinions. Fuck that noise. That's my hot take. I have no opinions. I don't only keep my opinions to myself unless it's going to like one of them. Mm. So I don't know what's something I feel so strong about? I Don't dunno. Maybe you're like anti handicap parking spaces. That'd be a hot take. Okay. What's Something that like most people agree with, that you have an opposite opinion over? I don't know. I don't know what I'm feeling. Don't have any, maybe who you're voting for. That could be a hot take. Nope. She told me to keep my mouth shut.


Oh. Yeah. Let's not get onto that. Actually I'm Canadian. I don't have to vote. I don't even think I just figured that out to share. Y'all have like a, what do you call it, A minister? Prime minister. Yeah. Yeah. That's weird. It's kind of cool though. Oh, I didn't know y'all done that. And then we met that girl in the bathroom in New York and she was from Toronto. And what was her relationship to the Prime Minister? So we Were talking about like our vapes. She was like, we don't have like vapes here with like flavors in. And I was like, why not? She's like, oh, the Prime Minister doesn't allow. And I was like, prime Minister I was like, what the fuck are you talking about? Yeah. I thought y'all had presidents there. I'm, I don't know. No, no we don't. We don't. I don't get out much if you can't tell. We also have provinces instead of states. Man.


Just like Play-Doh and Socrates. Me and you. You're gonna have to sit down and educate me some more. Sometimes. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Someone needs to. Yeah. Oh damn. You're gonna be sitting right there with me. I'm still trying to think of one.


So what's your dream purchase? If a hundred thousand dollars just dropped in your lap right now? I'd probably buy me a new car. What kind of car? You want a fast car color? You want black. So the reason I ask, you're eight Picks away on Betr Picks from winning a hundred thousand dollars and making that dream purchase. Betr Picks is the only pick on fantasy app. It lets you win up to a hundred thousand dollars and all it takes is eight. Correct Picks. Now let me say that again. This NFL season, you're eight Picks away on Betr Picks from winning a hundred thousand dollars. The highest payout offer on any pick on fantasy app. So stop messing around, y'all download better play Betr Picks. Sign up for Betr Picks with Code Talk Tuah us and go for the a hundred thousand dollars payout. A thousand times your money. Download. Better play Betr Picks.


you were You Ordered cheeseburgers at Mexican restaurants. Oh, Yeah cheeseburgers at Mexican restaurants. You know what? I can get behind that. You agree? Yeah, I can get behind that. I feel like most of their like American food they have is better than their actual Mexican food. Huh? Like, or when we have like a normal hotel, I'm Just not a big like Mexican food guy. So like I can get behind the fact that you order a burger. I've been like the mood for it. Yeah, it's like Chinese too. She can eat it every day. I can't. Oh, okay. Now we're not aligned. We, we we're not aligned anymore. Chinese is always good. I agree. Chinese is good. Thank you very much all the time. And it's good cold and like anytime Day cold, hungry. It's better the next day. Oh, I'll take it out the fridge. It's I'll run it cold. I chow mane it of cold. Gimme that cold Chow Maine. I'll muck that up.


You eat cold noodles? I will. Yes. That's foul. I don't like choose to eat them cold. I don't order it and put it in the fridge and wait. It's just like, you know, if there's leftover, I'll still eat it. Now if I got the munchies real bad, I could probably do that. Oh A hundred percent. But now if I'm just sober. Yeah. It seems like there's been a lot of nos for you when you're sober and you may need to expand on that a little bit more. Yeah. Maybe There's something there that you need to figure out just for you. You know, you shouldn't always be saying no unless you're not sober. Or maybe like you shouldn't be saying yes to things just because you're not sober too, you know? Okay. You got me. Ah, No, I was just, just trying to leave you with something you know. You Like cold pizza? Yeah, I like cold pizza.


Yeah, cold pizza's good. Okay. We agree on something there. Let's leave it at that. But one. Okay. Did you have like an outro for this thing or I Dunno, Are you still figuring that part out? I guess so We can make one up on the spot. Pasta. Pasta. Anything. Bye. Hey, y'all I. hope you enjoyed the show. And if you haven't gotten yourself any Talk, Tuah, a merch, be sure to click the link in the description below so we can match. Tag me and Talk Tuah it while you're watching the episode and let us know what you think. And before you go, don't forget S thing. Subscribe to that thing.