
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jones. Quitting nicotine is a journey that can feel impossible without the right tools. That's where Jones comes in. Jones offers holistic support to help you quit nicotine altogether or cut back. Find out why 40,000 quitters use Jones to help them reach their quitting goals. Head to quit with jones.com and use code. Call Her Daddy for $15 off your first order of nicotine mints. Jones is FDA approved and available for those that are 18 and older.


Hi, this is Steve Emi. You know the actor? Well now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work Entertainment and campsite Media in association with Olive Productions. Comes big time an Apple original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who isn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, who Steals bees? I was duped. I shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent Lieb. Lnu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


Who is Alex up? Get ready with me. Get ready with me. Get ready with me. Welcome to a day in my life. Welcome to a Day in My Life. I do not wanna post about it A visa with 10 of my friends. So I got my breast dog augment. People Have like a hundred million followers on TikTok. Look, that's insane. I never really got that until Alix Earle and I'm like, she deserves that. I feel like I actually know Alix Earle, Alex With the Kardashians just after me. She Was not Drake about Alix Earle Daddy Gang. It is Your founding father. Back at it again for another season of Call Her Daddy. We made it baby. Okay, we fucking made it Season four. I don't know if you're ready for what I have planned for you, but I am really, really fucking excited.


I have now officially been doing Call Her Daddy solo for four years and I can't thank you guys enough because I literally wouldn't be here without you. So to my OG Daddy Gang, I love you. To the new people that have come along the way that have become Daddy Gang, I love you and I have a feeling, just a, just a little feeling that maybe, probably absolutely this year, season four is going to be the best yet because as you know on Call Her Daddy, we like to get into it, okay? Over the past few years, we really have gotten deep with every guest we've had on the show and we've gotten to know so many people in really fun and intimate ways.


Every episode I feel like I actually get to know the person sitting across from me. I really get to know them and based on my Instagram comments, it seems like you guys agree. It seems like you guys are kind of having a good time, right? I think so. I was thinking, I'm always up to something. You're like, Alex, what the fuck? Now what? Now let's sometimes Go to the guest and who better kick off season four than one of The most highly requested and anticipated guests of this shows history?


Daddy Gang, you have been begging me to get this person on Call Her Daddy all year, all year. I see it. And just so you know, I see you. I hear you. I see the comments, I get it. And let me just ask guys, come on. When has your father ever failed you? So let's go hang out with the Internet's biggest it girl Daddy Gang. Here we fucking go.


What is Up Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Hi. Hi. It's happening. It's happening. Okay, Alix Earle, welcome to Call Her Daddy. Welcome To New Jersey. Oh my


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay, so I went on a trip with all of my girlfriends to Vermont where my best friend was getting married and we were all gonna figure out like, well, where do we wanna stay? And oh, this place is too far away and if you stay there I won't really get ready with you. And then we decided on an Airbnb and it was the best decision of the weekend because we got this house. All of us stayed there, Matt came, my friends came, my friend brought her boyfriend, and we all were able to feel like we were almost back in college where we were all in one space. We all got to make our coffee together, we got to eat breakfast together, we got to go on walks together. We got to have late night conversations after we went to the rehearsal dinner and the weddings. And it was just the best time because I feel like if you don't stay in an Airbnb, you're not gonna be as close. You're not gonna have those late night conversations. And we as girls, you know how much goes into those late night conversations. We also had a pool table, which was so fun. The guys ended up playing while the girls were having wine in the living room in front of the fire. Just talking about all the things about life and dating and relationships. You know, a wedding makes you emotional. I told Matt in 2025, my goal is to stay in more Airbnbs wherever we go. If we're exploring a new city culture, learning a new language, traveling, wherever it be, Airbnb is where it's at. So you can really be fully, fully invested in your time and experience all the things that come with that environment. Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only the new city but a new space in the city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at a local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants, Daddy Gang. And if you wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where guest favorites might inspire you and may create a new tradition for you. So Daddy Gang, as you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. Want a big kitchen, a gym somewhere you can bring your dog. It's my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit, when you're working out, I don't know for you guys, but like I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh, I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to work out in and look great in every day life. You need to check out their Performance Jogger part of re's dream knit collection. The Performance Jogger is great for stretching or lounging and it is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance joggers, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends what are you putting up on top and then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay, so if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts or even just for lounge, Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her daddy, that's VUOR i.com/ Call Her Daddy. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Okay, so Alex, to people that are tuning in being like, who is Alix Earle? What is happening in this episode during your senior year of college at the University of Miami? You absolutely blew up. You got a huge following online and you are now arguably one of The most famous people on the internet. Everyone's obsessed with you. Everyone's talking about you. They wanna know who you're dating, they wanna know about your life. And I'm sitting here in your hometown of New Jersey meeting your family, your parents, your siblings, and I'm like, what do you think that they think about all of this craziness? First of all, that is so crazy to even hear you say, I am like, oh my gosh, no I'm not. But they have kind of been with me through it all.


Like when I blew up was over the holidays, so it was Thanksgiving and Christmas and I was literally sitting with them and as much as I'm watching this, they are too. And people are calling them, contacting them. I remember there was something around Christmas of me, like on the news, on ESPN and my dad's like Alex. He's like, what is going on? What are you posting on TikTok? And then they kind of downloaded the app. They all started to learn about it all and they got really involved. But yeah, they've been super supportive throughout it All. I'm curious, obviously like this is not your home, this is your dad's house, you live in Miami. When you're in Miami, what do you miss most about being home in New Jersey? I love just hanging out with my family and bantering with them.


Having dinner like you'll get to see. But everything is very chaotic over here and there's always a lot going on. Hello? I have someone here. Oh my god, there's so many. Hi guys. Hi. Hi everyone. Oh my God. Are you Thomas? I've seen you in the TikTok videos. Are these your dinosaurs? What are the names? Thomas Horse and Alberto Sauce. I'm Thomas and I'm the younger brother. I'm six years old. I love Alex because she plays with me and I really love her A lot and I appreciate that she plays dinosaurs with me.


It's so nice to meet you. So nice. Hi, I am Ashton. I'm Alex's little sister. I'm 20 years old and I'm gonna be a junior at Tulane University. I feel like I know all of you because I see all of you on TikTok. What's your name? My name's Penelope and Penelope. Oh. Oh my god. 1:00 AM I Penelope. What am I supposed to do? Penelope, you just hold him. Okay. I'm Penelope. I'm Alex's little sister and I'm eight years old. Alex might be the TikTok star now.


Wait until you see me. And this is my lizard and I think Alex Cooper really likes him. This is great. Hi, nice to meet you. Hi, what's your name? Isabelle. Isabelle, I love your hair. Hi, I am Isabelle and I'm Alex's younger sister. You guys might see her get ready with me, but I see the behind the scenes and it's a hot mess. The moms come here. I can't come near you. My mom's pet. I'm gonna give you a hug. Hi, I didn't anticipate you. Thanks for coming. No. Oh Hi Ashley.


And I'm Alex's stepmom. Alex is so great with all the kids and having a free babysitter is always nice. Hi, Nice to meet you. So nice to meet you finally. Hi, I am Alyssa and I'm Alex's mother. I believe Alex got her craziness, her kindness and her energy for having fun for me and all the other good stuff from her dad. My house is a little cleaner when she's not around, but other than that we miss, we miss her energy. Mr. Earl, come on. I need a hug. Come on. Nice To meet you. I'm really happy Alex is making her own money now even though she's still spending mine.


Excuse me, I gotta take a call. Hello? Is this just a normal day at the Earl household? Yes. After. Can I show you around the house Please? Yes, I would love that. You can gimme a little tour. Oh so they're not, oh my god. Okay. I'm watching your siblings and they're like, they are scrolling TikTok over there and I'm thinking like how does it make you feel that they are watching your content? You know, sometimes I forget and they'll text me something like So niche that's going on in my life. They're like, what? Like you're wearing that top out tonight Alex like oh my god.


And I'm like, I forget that they are watching this. But it's honestly nice because I feel like even if we don't have the time to catch up, they're always keeping up with me. Okay, well Alex, I am so excited to go on this little adventure with you and get to really know you we're in your hometown right now. So let's go see a couple places that are memorable and meaningful to to you. Alright, we're off. We're going to see my high school. This is like where I grew up, my town. Welcome. Okay. Wait, so you didn't grow up in that house? No, That house we moved in probably when I was in like eighth grade I think.


Okay. But that's not where I grew up. I grew up with my mom like 30 minutes away from there. Do you have a good voice? I have the worst voice you've ever heard in your entire life. Like I can't sing like gimme A, gimme a tune. Well this one I've actually been practicing. I can show for you baby. It's you. I was inspired after we went to the Beyonce Beyonce Concert. Okay, gimme gimme. I thought it was good. Gimme it again baby. It's you. That was good. See? Can You sing? What is it? I don't. I think I can impersonate. Okay. Like if I was doing Christina Aguilar it'd be like, but it's, but I can't.


But if someone, but if someone told me to sing like myself I'd be like hey. Like I couldn't How did you just do that? That was good. That was, that was yours. Yours. No, I always say, I said to my friends if I ever come out with music or you see like just know like I have been ambushed, like I'm being held against my will are auto tuning me. Like this is not something I could ever do. I think it's good that you are self-aware. You are the, you are the one I love. You know what, why don't we try a different game?


She's a woman of many talents folks, but it is not gonna be the carpool karaoke today We're gonna enter this town right now it's called Bread Bank. Okay. Anyhow, here's our high school. Obviously so much has changed in your life since leaving this high school, leaving this town, moving to Miami, you know, becoming so well known. But it's interesting to meet your family, be in New Jersey. I feel like the world looks at your family and it looks like you know, your mom and your stepmom are getting along, everyone's drinking and partying and it looks like this unified family and it wasn't always this family that was bonded together.


Can you take me back to the moment when you were in second grade and your life essentially flipped upside down? I've never talked about this online before. I was kind of waiting for the right platform or moment. I remember the day very clearly paparazzi had shown up at my house and my mom quickly kind of got me and my sister outta the house over to our cousins. We stayed there for a few days and I had no idea what was going on. I didn't know they were paparazzi. I thought news broadcasters were interviewing the neighbors. Like I, I really had no idea And for anyone listening who doesn't know my family or doesn't know what I'm talking about, my dad had an affair with someone who was well known for her job having sexual relations with high class people and one of them was even the governor of New York.


She was very well known from that. And in turn my dad's affair became a very public situation. Did you find out about like the news coverage and everything happening first or did you find out that your parents were getting a divorce first? So a year after this affair happened my parents sat me and my sister down and we were going out to dinner. It was right before dinner. They said we're gonna be living apart. My dad got a house like 10 minutes away. They were gonna try and they were gonna see how that was kind of working. They never said it was like a final divorce. But in that moment we kind of knew and I had speculations that something was up because for the past year they had started to fight and bicker with each other and I would sit at the top of my staircase listening to it and before that they never really fought like I think it was like a pretty good normal family dynamic.


When did you realize, because you were so young at this point, like when did you realize that this scandal essentially was getting media coverage in the news? It was in like fourth grade. I started to kind of hear commentary from people and I had an iPad at the time and I remember googling like, you don't know that many people. I'm Googling my family. And all of a sudden I see that the past two years of my life had been a lie. I am reading articles about what had happened about the times that my dad's taking me to go get ice cream and it's really because there's paparazzi outside my house and he's hiding us from them. Like I had just felt like my world crashed down in that moment.


I didn't know the severity of what had happened between my parents because my mom was super, super mature about it and didn't speak to us about it and didn't put that stress that she was going through onto us. But that's, I kind of figured it out myself and then I proceeded to deal with it myself. And I was gonna Say, did you tell anyone that you saw that on your iPad? I had talked to my mom after and but you're so young. Like I didn't even fully understand what it was that why this woman was such a big deal that my dad had slept with. I didn't understand the severity of it and I was confused still.


But I knew from that moment on that I wanted to protect my little sister from feeling the way that I felt in that moment. What were you like mentally doing every day? Like you're going to school, like how were you even comprehending this? I would try and just push it down a lot of the times like I would try not to comprehend it. I knew that I loved my family and issues would come up and a lot of the time my family really tried to just be as normal as possible and we wouldn't really talk too much about these issues or that if we did like there was nothing that we could really do about him.


Or when my stepmom started to hang around with my dad after he had moved out, she came into his life and we were introduced to her which was super weird. And I was told that I had to be respectful to this woman and we had to be nice to her and this I wanted to rip her head off. Yeah. Yeah it was very weird because I felt like I was 10-year-old having to be more mature than someone 20, 30 years older than me. So I don't know, like in the moment I didn't realize how much that would have affected me and now I look back and whoa, Obviously you're dealing with this at home but like when you talk about school like I can only imagine what you were dealing with.


Obviously parents talk kids here. Like what was the dynamic in school for You? I mean you can imagine middle school is like peak people are bullying each other like tearing each other down. So obviously they had a one up to just shit on me and shit on my family. And besides that, besides people making comments about it, which happened, people weren't allowed to hang out with me. People weren't allowed to like come over to my house. Like if I wanted to invite the girls over, I remember one day I was like, oh we should go have like snacks and like, I don't know, Gatorade at my house before we go to this middle school dance and we weren't allowed to host this. I'm gonna call it a pregame but obviously we're not drinking.


Of course, yeah. Host this pregame at my house because people didn't want their kids around my family. How was that articulated to you? How do you know that? The parents would kind of tell my mom and she would tell me kind of the harsh truth of like why this can't happen. She would've to sit sit me down and be like this like you know, they don't really respect us. Oh my god. How like when you say that out loud now, like what do you feel for like your younger self like having to deal with that for like a peer dynamic because of something that was happening with your parents? I feel, I feel bad for her but I feel like I wish I had someone to kind of lean on in that moment.


I feel like I was leaning on myself a lot of the time 'cause I didn't wanna stress anyone else out. Yeah. And I was trying to look out for everyone else maybe but myself in the time. So I was just like, okay, we're just gonna bottle this up and not talk about it. But I, I wish that I could like go back and have her talk to someone about what was happening in that moment because I just was like, okay, this is like life, this is normal. Like this is what's happening. Like whatever, we're not going to my house. For the pregame, first Of all like hearing that you couldn't have people over for like sleepovers or get togethers like because everyone else was so involved in this and this was like town gossip essentially.


Like did it prohibit you from being able to actually like have your own opinion of the situation or do you think it just like really amplified your feelings toward it? I think it definitely made me have a lot of hatred towards the situation and it was, it's just weird because I obviously felt a lot of emotion and I was super upset and I couldn't let that out. Kind of like there was nowhere for me to kind of go or talk to or like, I don't know like I didn't really ever let that out so I just would deal with these emotions within myself, my high school teacher 'cause this was such a public affair, especially for anyone living locally in my town.


You kind of knew who she was and knew the situation that had happened. My teacher in high school was talking about this governor's affair and said exactly what had happened, who it had happened with and like looked me in the eyes while this was going on in class. And I remember my classmates looking at me and like laughing because this was like about my family and this is something he was literally teaching in history class because I don't, I forget what the lesson was there, but I left school like bawling my eyes out. I was so embarrassed but like this is so nice to be able to talk about this publicly 'cause I really never have. Yeah Alex, I mean it's embarrassing but I, I'm stubborn and I would never let people know that so I would kind of put up that wall and I would kind of go the way of being very defensive.


I'm like okay like yeah but so like I looked like a hardo but obviously that's not the way that I felt on the inside And I even think now like that sometimes I can be a little bit like brutal with things or brutally honest because I would just have this like wall up where I was just like these emotions are not gonna get to me. Wow, this is like really crazy right now. I feel like I am in a therapy session. I'm like realizing things I didn't even realize before. Is there anything that you have recognized recently in your twenties that you're like fuck I've gotta work on this because of the shit that you dealt with as a kid? Yes. This has actually been a realization for me like the past few months, past six months, past year, whatever with relationships, romantic relationships.


I've always been kind of one foot in, one foot out. Like I've always been a little closed off and I've always been like wow, I'm the girl who like doesn't care. Like I'm like to my friends it always was looked at as like oh she's really good with dealing with guys 'cause like they can leave and she like doesn't care. She's like okay next like whatever. But taking a step back and realizing that like I've actually never, besides maybe my first like love and then he cheated on me and that went to shit. So like of course and then I'm going back to this like little shell of a human and I'm like putting this wall up. I never allow myself in relationships to be like a hundred percent committed and vulnerable and like all in because I'm so afraid of getting hurt like that.


How has maturing and getting older helped you to see everything maybe in a different light? I think especially the past few years I've taken a step back and realized that my parents are just humans as well and you know at the time like your parents are like your world, like you think they are these perfect people but like they're experiencing life For the first time too. Like they fuck up, they make mistakes, people grow and people learn like it's, it's been like reassuring and stuff to like realize that yeah you know just because someone makes a mistake they're not evil like they're learning it's their first time with marriage with kids.


So Yeah everyone gets fucked up by their parents somehow you can be so affected from it but that it also does help. I agree when you get older to look at people and be like damn like we're making risk mistakes right now. I'm like what's the next phase of life gonna be that like we're going to have if when we have kids one day like what are we gonna do? Exactly. So it's like trying to find the silver lining 'cause at the end of the day you gotta survive. You gotta move forward. Yeah. You love your family obviously there's been hardships but it's like how do you move forward? I guess that is kinda my next question is like you do have this beautifully blended family now. Like what is the best part of it? So with the divorce I feel like the main thing and anyone whose parents are divorced, I feel like you can relate to this is you feel like you don't have that like core family anymore.


Like your Christmases are kind of split up and separated and like it's just not the same. Like you're not having family game nights like all together like your family like really to me was like my mom, my dad and my sister. And now that my family is so well blended and they get along so well, like I get to do all these events in my life where it's like my mom, my dad, my little siblings and my stepmom and it's a new feeling 'cause it's a different type of family to me but like having my mom around with my dad like it's just that feeling is like the best feeling in the entire world and I'm so grateful that you know, they were able to do that for us. I know you are going to talk more about this on your own podcast hot mess because I think so many people are probably like how did we get here?


How did we go from Here to here? Yeah I could talk about this four days. Like this is scratching the surface on what had happened and like there's so many stories to be told like there is a lot that went on to get our family to the place that we are in today. It was not always perfect and I think to anyone listening that's going through this know that like it's okay if it's not perfect right now because trust me it was not for a while and it's still not at times. But that's the thing with social media is you sometimes don't know any of this anything like I'm posting my family hanging out and dancing and people are like oh wow, this is so great. They're such a blended family And I'm like you don't even know the half of It. Totally. People are like, oh I'm so jealous.


Like I want to have this huge big family and it's like you, you've had to deal with your own shit like it's not all perfect. We're sitting here talking about how you dealt with in your childhood and your family and affair essentially and this past summer you were getting scrutinized on the internet, people were calling you a mistress, some people were calling you a homewrecker in regards to the NFL player that you were hooking up with. Can you confirm, were you hooking up with him when he was in a relationship? It is so triggering to even hear you say that. Or when I was reading these comments I was bowling my eyes out to my friends and they're like, hello Alex. Like this stuff does normally not get to you but like from what we just talked about, I spent my childhood thinking this is basically the worst thing you could do to another human.


So why the fuck would I do that? Like no they were not together. So Why do people even think that he was cheating with you? So I guess the ex-girlfriend had started posting things alluding to unfaithfulness and the relationship online and I was seen hanging out with this guy so everyone kind of just pointed fingers at me and you know I was asking for the receipts like right away. Like I was probably more psycho than she was. I was like there's just no fucking way this happened. Like I was checking everything. We have been over this probably 110 times because I was like if you did that to a person, obviously of course like you'll probably do that to me too, right? And if I did that to someone else, like I wouldn't be able to live with myself.


This is why I'm so excited to have a podcast coming out tomorrow. But woo, this is just the beginning of me being able to talk about things in my life and I haven't had like a platform really where I've been able to let these things out and like tell the truth or tell my truth, you know? So I'm excited. I'm so proud of you, I need to fucking drink. Okay, me Too. I need 10. I'm looking in your eyes and like we need shots, we need to go out, we, We need tequila right now. We're Like both crying. We're like we did not intend to get this emotional but I think it was only right that we kick off Call Her Daddy. We're both crying now we're like, let's go get fucked up. I have to say Alex, as much as I would love to go out with you in New Jersey, I think that maybe instead of going out where you were raised and born, I think we should go where you became famous, where you really became Alex Roll at the internet knows.


Let's go to Miami, the 3 0 5 Miami, let's


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. Now is your time to build on a hobby or establish a global empire. And while the entrepreneurial path is never linear, Shopify will have your back at any stage no matter how many detours you encounter on the journey. Daddy Gang, I have talked about how Shopify has been truly so integral to my personal business and anyone out there that is on a new venture or is in the middle of their venture and you're trying to figure out how you can get to that next level, it is Shopify. Shopify is a commerce platform that allows you to start, grow and manage a business. It can be as simple as a side hustle or a multimillion dollar fundraiser. The cool thing is that Shopify is behind so many brands. Millions of people in over 170 countries are selling online and in person using this platform. And you can too. There are tons of fun themes to choose from and it's easy to use drag and drop edit. You can even tag and sell your products globally and across all social media platforms where the customers are Shopify. Thank you so much for being such obviously a huge part of my business. It has made it easier. Daddy Gang. I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is how to delegate and not take everything on my back and on my shoulders. And Shopify has been that go-to for me when I am selling product. They make it easy and they make it a great good experience. So Daddy Gang, it's time to build your brand. Head to Shopify dot com slash daddy to see how easy it is to start your business today.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama but you know we all love a good juicy rumor and let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes guys, word on the street is that listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay so kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry, who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem but I'm not gonna lie, I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile Thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay, I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Alex. Hi what are you doing? I didn't have any furniture so I got these last minute for us. I figured this would be good to sit on. Yeah, I mean for sure. I love what you've done with the plate. Welcome Alex. These chairs are everything. They're Kind of comfy. Yeah, they're Like kind of a vibe. Like they're setting the vibe of like you just moved in. This is all you have. Yeah, This is all We have. Okay, so let's, let's talk about, this is your first apartment post college. How did you even decide to stay in Miami? It was never a question that I was gonna say. The first week of school my parents were like, hey, like after they left they're like, are you homesick?


And I was like, no. Like I'm never leaving. Like they knew I, I never got homesick once. I was like this is the place for me. Like you can go out all the time. There's so many things to do. It's beautiful. You can go to the beach, you can get a tan. I was just like, this is meant for me and I'm not leaving. I Think you're like, when I was coming here I was like I'm so excited 'cause we are gonna go out tonight. And I was like, you really have become in my eyes and I think in everyone's my eyes like the mayor of Miami. Oh geez. Yeah. That's like a, okay, let's make a fucking drink. Woo.


What are we making tequila Like what are you drinking Today? I'm gonna probably Have what is your dog? Vodka sodas or tequila sodas. And we just gotta pick. Maybe let's do tequila. 'cause if we're gonna take shots I should just, I'm not taking vodka 'cause shots We, yeah and I need to stick to one. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Let's stick to one. No blacking out. No Pro out. It also makes me crazy. So. Oh are you, you're gonna do a chaser? Yeah, I'm just gonna do club soda. Okay. I like Can't drink sweet drinks. I can't either. I only, I think I'm just gonna go on the rocks. Wait here. Okay. Okay. This is what we've all been waiting for guys. Now it's gonna be Fun. Cheers. Cheers.


Woo. Let's go get ready. I think every single person online is like, I wanna go out and party with Alix Earle. I'm getting the honor. You're kind of taking me out of retirement 'cause I just get fucked up in my home. Now while we're getting ready Daddy Gang, I'm gonna ask Alex some questions because we need to get to know her. Did you always know how to do makeup really well? I, so I was a dancer so a lot of the time we were traveling for competitions and they make you cake on all this makeup. So I was literally like 10 years old and I'm like smokey eye, like here we go. So you know, the fake lashes everything. So that's where I feel like I got my start with makeup.


Okay, But also don't you feel like when you have acne, like you come up with The most innovative ways to cover That shit? Oh yeah. I'm like, no one's gonna see this. I will take this to the grave. You just learn how to do it. It's more of like out of survival rather than like, you Know what I used to do? Tell me. Which is disgusting. No tell me. But like When I would like talk to a guy or get with a guy or whatever and I'm staying over, I would sleep in my makeup and if my skin was having a point like at my like very, very bad points of my acne, I would bring my foundation and concealer in my purse before he gets up in the morning I'm sprinting to the bathroom and I'm like applying more foundation and he's like probably like waking up like why is this girl like bright orange right now?


'cause I was like, he will not see these pimples on my face. Isn't it crazy too because you think like, oh my god he won't notice. Meanwhile we just look orange. I did the same thing. But if, did you ever do this because you knew that your like breakouts would get so much worse? I used to go in and I would take a makeup wipe and right when I knew he was asleep mids sleep, I would go and take it off and then I would, oh no, make sure to wake myself up before he, He wasn't that responsible. You're like, no I just, I just triple caked It. I kept taking it on and you know, then it's embarrassing too when his sheets are like orange or like the pillow I sleep on, I'm flipping it over. I'm like that was not me. That was not from me. I'm like sleeping in my makeup And you just leave and you're like, you'll never see me again.


Okay. Speaking of boys Alix Earle, are you currently single? Yes. Oh, I love how fast you just said that. Were you an NFL man ever exclusive? We weren't, but I don't know it, it's been weird starting to talk to someone while kind of having like a following I guess. Just because people would see us out together. So naturally they're like, oh they're dating, but I'm like, we've been hanging out for two weeks and you're catching us on our first date and everyone's like, they need to be dating or whatever. She's lying to us.


So it's been kind of weird in that sense just 'cause like keeping things private's hard if you wanna like go out and Right. You wanna like live a normal life, you wanna go get sushi, you want him to like take you out. But you're also like, wait, everyone thinks we've been fully dating, this is our first date. Did you ever want to be exclusive? No. Absolute. Absolutely not. Listen, I just have, I don't know, we started talking at like a very weird point in my life. I was finishing college, so obviously like my friends and going to college parties like that came first and then we had graduation and then I was kind of traveling for the summer.


So like as much as we were hanging out, like it never felt like the right time to start a relationship. Would you say that you're more of like a relationship girl or more of like a dating girl? So this Is my problem. Okay. And I don't know like what is wrong with me, but I say I'm not a relationship girl, but I'm always kind of in a relationship situationship just because I feel like I'm not as attracted to someone if I don't know their personality. And like I like to get to know them first, but I also kind of like my freedom and I'm very independent so I struggle with that A lot. Dude, I relate so much.


I feel like all the time in college I would feel the same. Like I never wanted to just hook up with a guy to hook up with a guy. Like I needed to make sure I liked him. And then naturally I feel like people pose women so much more emotional than men and I'm like, that's actually just not true. We may be even more outwardly emotional, but when you get into a relationship, guys get fucking sappy with it. And so I would start hooking up with guys and I'd obviously wanna get to know him better and then all of a sudden I'd be like, okay, now I can actually like fuck him and like him because I'm like, I know his personality. Yeah. But then when you do that with them then they're like, we're ready to date. I'm like, yeah, that's Not what that means. No, I just wanted to make sure I like your personality before like you go down on me. Yeah. So yeah, you're like yeah, exactly. So I relate to that and I think it's okay.


I just think it's annoying. Obviously I think I've seen a lot of things in the media about people being like, oh my God. Like he would never date her because she's like going out and partying and I no shade to him. But I think it's important sometimes to be like, it's not always that the woman is waiting for the man to pick him. Like as I've been snooping around talking to your friends behind your back, I'm hearing like you are very much so in control of these dating situations and you're just trying to like keep it chill. I Don't know. And we're having fun but there's just, there's no pressure. And I've expressed kind of my reasoning for that and just, I actually brought it up before, 'cause the media was starting to scare me before he, we had never had like a dating conversation, right? I was just like, like I, I just really, I wanna talk about this like I am, I'm not ready to date.


He's like, okay. He's like, yeah I didn't say did I say that to you? And I'm like, right, no, but I'm not ready. Which, and he is like, that's totally fine. Like he gets it. You know? Right. I think that sometimes it's actually really good to just establish that even though it seems weird to word vomit, that I think what you need to do is 100% talk about this on your show because the behind the scenes details of how you A lot Guys, daddy King, if you're not aware, Alex started to kind of like see this NFL player and let's just say she got herself stuck into a little bit of a love triangle and I'm assuming on hot mess you are going to talk about the whole thing, which I think is appropriate. Yeah. Just because you're just gonna, you gotta clear your name girl.


I will give all of the details. But yeah, we're gonna save that for my podcast because I'll end up taking up the whole episode with that. I love it. Okay, so if you met the right person right now, would you be open to a relationship or are you really trying to stay single right now? Like That's the thing is that I just don't, I'm just not dying to be in a relationship right now. Yeah. Like this is a very, you know, new time in my life. Yep. And I just want to be able to get to know myself before entering a relationship and I've done that before where I get into a relationship too fast. Yeah. Or whatever. And it's not even about the person, but I just like right now I'm like okay with not being super like in a relationship, seeing that person 24 7, like I'm having fun with my girls and I'm getting to like know this new chapter of my life.


Isn't that so weird too when like you get outta college, don't you have feel like this pressure where're like I have to figure everything out and it's like you're still 22 years old. Like you have time, you can date around. You don't need to get into a serious relationship unless it feels like, oh my god I'm so in love with this person. Are you sweating like a fucking psycho? I'm No, I'm drinking. I'm you guys, I have to get outta this room. Well that's what I'm like, I'm gonna need a lot of powder on my face right now because I'm like as No we need to change. We need to change. I'm sorry, I wait. It's wet. Alex, it's wet. Alex, Alex. I'm literally drenched. Okay, let him, you said something, I saw you and me and I'm like Amani, I'm, I'm literally drenched. Okay, we're gonna be right back. Let's continue. So Alix Earle answer this question and just, you know, what comes to the heart?


What is your type on paper? Tall, dark and handsome. Hmm. You're not dating someone that looks like 'cause I, because Okay. That's my like stereotypical type. I don't know getting to know someone. That's when I'm really attracted to them. And I'm always attracted to like a loud personality which can also be kind of horrible but like just maybe not the best guy sometimes, but like someone who is like loud and energetic and fun when we're going out. Like the guy who's quiet in the corner is just like not ever been my Dad. Your vibe, like you want someone that can like match your energy. Yeah. Like you don't wanna feel bad when you're having a good time partying and you look over and the guy that you're fucking is like standing in the corner being like, why is she going crazy?


You want him like right next to you. Yes. I think I saw a video of you with someone doing that with you. What a guy like at a concert. I think I saw him doing that next to you. Oh yeah. He was dancing with you. He is matching your other energy. Like what the fuck is he doing? What? What was that creeper doing? So, okay, so you like someone loud, which can sometimes come off as like cocky. So you have to kind of balance finding that. Okay, so tall, dark and handsome. You know you're getting roasted on the internet right now already. Oh. What is your emotional type? Okay. Aside from being loud, like what are you actually looking for from a guy? I just like a guy that can like get things done. Like if we wanna go to dinner, there's like a reservation booked. He has like, he knows the plan like he is kind of like taking control.


I don't know, I like someone that like, you know, behind the scenes can like get really down to earth and have deep conversations Because meeting you I feel like your life is a lot of like you're calling the shots, you're running a lot of things in your life. So it's kind of hot to have a guy that like knows what he wants. Yeah. And also just someone who's driven with their own career and their own aspirations And if they're good, how would they do? And if they're not sitting on the bench And as long as they're not warm in that bench up and that bench, then we're good to go. If you're on the field, we love you. If not, we're so fucked.


I'm gonna get roasted for that one. No it's okay. Okay. What is the best and worst part I can participate in this of dating an athlete? Well I think the, maybe let's start with the worst. Okay. Because that's what comes to mind first. I feel the worst part I feel like is that they can kind of get really insecure because a lot of what they're doing is based on how they're performing. So I think it's hard kind of not to be, but you know, an insecure guy can cause other issues. But like what? Like what span? Come on Alex. Get in there with us.


I mean you know, just basically taking it out on you and trying to kind of look cooler than they are because they're putting on a show. I think that all kind of comes with just being really insecure and not leading to really like a healthy relationship also. It depends like, but I think the schedule's different for, I mean I know that schedule's different But let's talk about the MLP versus the NFL versus the NBA. I mean Baseball schedule just Sucks. It's a motherfucker. It's crazy. So that's definitely like not fun. Yeah, especially if they're like traveling and leaving a lot. But maybe the best part is Say it.


I think the best part is like getting to like go to the games and it's exciting and like, I don't know if you're like, yeah that that's my guy. Like whatever. When he does something good that's I think pretty cool. It's not like, you know, it's really nice because like when he comes home like is it you are like so being on that sideline it gives no I love it. I think the answer is right. Yeah. I think my answer is similar of like, I feel like When they're doing good it's really good. Yeah. I think the worst part is like their whole life is very much so focused on like no one telling them that they're doing anything wrong. It's like you're doing great. So like when they're having a bad game it's like we need to, I used to have to sit in silence on the couch with him as he was like, Oh my god, Like that was fucking awful.


And you're just like their fucking therapist as they cry and you're like, I have a life too. Like we had dinner planned. I Also think with athletes like weirdly, I never really got into the athlete thing until like later in college. Like before I had always hated athletes for the reasoning of they could never kind of like go out and party and get drunk because they have to be up and the morning and like they're being responsible. So like for me, I never found that fun in someone just when you like you're young, you know, and you're going out to like that's a big thing for why I didn't, I also think on camp, this is like fucked up to say but we'll just say it. I think also on campus the athletes to me started to become on like in actual college land are not as fun because they're like on campus, they're sitting in the dorms.


But then when you do meet professional athletes, like they actually do go out a little bit more than you would anticipate. Yeah. And they also are like living a nice lifestyle and like have nice apartments and like have things that like they're kind of more, a little bit more in the real world. I do think the NFL schedule's great for you. Sweet. It's a lot better than baseball. Is it like It 16 games in a season? I don't know the answer to that yet, but they're not gone that far. We'll figure it out this season, but I agree it's a lot easier. And then the MLB schedule fucking sucks and And Game almost every day. Every day it, it's, it's awful and they're just all crazy. Do you prefer the MLB or the NFL. NFL.


Okay. So let's tell a story of what you told me about my ex and what I told you about your ex. Oh gosh. The first time we met. Oh my, okay. Yes. So what is this like four months ago? Yeah, four or five months ago. Okay. Alex and I go to a brunch together and we're like having Bloody Mary's and we're like getting cozy talking to each other. And then finally randomly like you bring up one of your exes that played in the MLB because I think I was like, I feel like you would know him. And I had messaged you one time on Instagram being like, something is fucking weird here and I need advice. And I like messaged her and then I was like, wait, that's so embarrassing. Like why would she answer me ever? So I like unsend it, but I was like, they might know each other. And then we met and I, I brought it up just because whatever.


And you were like, I do, I do. Okay. So I remember this is where I was like wow, his type hasn't changed and like he's really just still getting after that game. When I was in college, I remember he messaged like me and like any girl in Boston that had blonde hair, like he would message and Oh he messaged Century one, He's in there, he's really active, he's determined. I tell Alex, I'm like, oh my god. So I remember your ex messaged me so often and like not to be a dick and this is like me being The most surface level human being. But when you're in college you're just looking for like the best time and like who can give you a good time? So like if you're not on the actual MLB roster, if you're like down under like in the, what is it called?


The MLB and the minors. Minors, if you're done in the minors, like you're literally living in dorm rooms. So like, not to be dick, but like I don't have interest in dating you 'cause you're like, you're going through what like the college guys are going through. So anyway, so he keeps messaging me. He keeps messaging my friends and I'm pretty sure like I messaged him back like a few times, but I was always because I wanted to get to his more interesting teammates. And then whenever he would get sent down from the Yankees, I would like stop answering then when he would come back up. I'm like, what's up today? And so then finally I remember meeting you and being like, Alex, like I think it's for the best that you move on because he's just looking, he's like almost like, it's like he's obsessed looking for a girlfriend. I was His like first girlfriend, which I think also was another one of like maybe the big issues.


But like I was his first like serious girlfriend and like since high school, Right? Like you were the first victim and didn't he play on the same team as my ex or what was the story you told? Yes. So I was always like a Call Her Daddy fan and I knew who you dated and they were on the same team. So obviously I was like, you know like that's Alex Cooper's ex. And he's like, I know, like they bring it up like they tease him whatever. And I was like, well that sucks because she's so much more successful than him. And he's like, and I was like, well Doesn't it, it can give us like a little peace of mind Alex. Like for everyone shitting on us for our jobs.


It's like to know that people in the MLB locker rooms are going to forever maybe be chanting our names until they fucking retire. Which I'm sure mine is like about to on his way out. He can't get a fucking contract. But it's not that I look, people just send me this shit. They're like, whoa, you're on your way up. He's on his way down. But it is funny to think that our ex has crossed paths. So now you're on to like a different experience. And listen guys, we're like lightly talking shit. It's, we're not, it's fun. Have you dated anyone in the NBA that we don't know about? No. No. Really. But I have a funny story. So I told you I was never really into sports. And also like I don't, my family is not into sports.


Like my dad has never watched a sports game in his life. I love it. Like this was just not their culture. So like, I don't know, I didn't grow up like super involved in this either. And my freshman year of college I get a DM from someone who was on the Miami Heat is on the Miami Heat and he sends me a dm, whatever. And my dumb ass was like, I answered saying like, oh you on the Miami Heat, like something like, 'cause I literally genuinely didn't know, right? And now knowing who this person is, I'm like what I, and then I left him on red. I didn't even answer him because I didn't care. And now I'm like, Alex, Wait, we're gonna bleep this. Who was it?


Wait, What? I know. And you just Left away. I literally didn't give one fuck two Fuck. And it's just sitting there in your DM still? Yes. Is he in a relationship now? Yes. He's a baby. Oh, I'm such a dumb ass. I'm fucking dead. Okay. Do any of your exes have similarities? I honestly don't think so because I think as well they haven't gotten better maybe. But like I, when I don't like something about that guy, I make sure I think you learn from each relationship. Yeah. So I'm like that cannot be happening in the next relationship.


Right. But they've all been their own, they've all been their own demons. I don't know. Wait, I was gonna ask, 'cause you said like in the beginning days of college you weren't really like into the athletes. And I'm like, so who the fuck was Alix Earle dating her freshman year of college? I dated like a frat guy. Oh, does he like ever like try to clout chase and like say he dated you? Yeah. Oh. Are there any videos online? I don't know. I don't have videos but he put up his pictures with me like back on his Instagram. So I was like, great. No, I Is that so embarrassed? Is it embarrassing? Like is that one of the relationships you're like, please I don't want like people to know about that.


Yeah. And it was kind of more so like a fun relationship I think. Like yeah, it was like a social, like we would go out together every night and like I found him attractive. Like so you know, it was kind of like, it just made sense but it wasn't so like I was in love with his personality. Well also at Miami, let me preface this by saying the guys are not the cutest. Okay. So like it's always, and I just think that school has like, it breeds like hot girls. It's crazy. And I think a lot of the times like there's all these pretty girls getting with like all these nasty, gross guys and they could do so much better. But like for me, like this was like a guy like I found attractive. So I was like, I'm sticking wait, sticking to him.


I'm not. I'm sticking him with my hand of his asshole. That's what I'm up to. You're sticking with him. Wait, can I ask you, when you were in college, did your, once you started to actually pop off, did your teachers ever fucking say anything to you? Like did they know what was happening? No, they actually never said anything until right around graduation. I had one professor say something, but it was never kind of like, I, I don't know, it was, it never felt like that in school. What was it like in class? You have to be honest. In class sometimes most of the people, like the business school is pretty small at Miami. So like the people that I had classes with, I had classes with for like the past three years.


Yeah. So like they knew me, but I think there were some classes or like walking to class, having people like ask to take pictures with me was just crazy, like exciting. But also I was just like, this is nuts. Like I'm sitting in my class and I look like a rat and like, you want to take a picture with me? Like, okay. That is kind of crazy. When I was graduating, one of my teachers had said something to me asking about influencer marketing and they might start a class about it. A few have asked me to come back and speak at classes. So I might be a professor. Imagine kids taking notes as you're speaking.


She's too powerful. She's getting too powerful. Okay. Alex, what is The most toxic thing that you are attracted to go? Everything. I, I love a guy who like gives me no attention. I love it. Like if you text me or call me too much, like I will never speak to you again. I love a guy, I love it. I love how like five minutes, I love, love, love it. I you're like, I am obsessed when they treat me like absolute shit. And then also guys all in Miami taking notes right now I'm being dramatic. Like I just don't like someone who is too mushy, gushy and all over, you know?


Yeah. Like give me some space because I don't, do you like horoscopes? Like Yeah. Do you believe in That at all? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I do. I do. What are we, what are you I'm a Sagittarius. What does that mean? I, that's the one I don't know about Feel like to being very like independent and like I don't like to be bothered. I don't like to feel like trapped, smothered. If someone makes me feel smothered, I will run so far away. They'll never see me again. Dude, I'm a Leo. I'm like, if I feel like I can dominate you, like I will literally eat you alive that I will never speak to you again. Get out of here with that little fucking bitch boy Energy. Do you need someone to like match your energy and like test you? Yeah. I love someone who like flirt, flirt, Flirty, Flirty shits on me kind of.


Do you know what I mean? Not like too much. 'cause there's guys in Miami who will go in on you and actually make you feel like the biggest piece of crap in your life, right? No, that's not true because That's the way of flirting. But I just a little bit of like a tease. Also a thing for me is I have a hard time giving or receiving compliments. So that works better for me if we can like shit on each other. And that's our way of learning for me. Like if I say something nice to a guy immediately and I've caught myself and I'm working on this. Yeah. Okay. But I will like immediately then say something or, or I'll be like, oh whatever. Like whatever. Wait, can we talk about that for a minute? Because I wonder if this is literally like just women in general. Like I feel the same way where I have literally talked about this with my therapist where like Matt will always be like, oh my God, like you look so gorgeous.


In the beginning of our relationship I would just be like, where are we going to dinner? And like completely. Yeah. Almost like, because It's awkward to be like, thank You. Yeah, I do. Or like you, you know? Yeah. You Fucking look amazing bitch. Obviously It's just like, I don't know. I don't, I don't like it, but as much as I do say it or I won't be with you. But I also just, I can't like admit that I, I don't know. It's weird Right Time with it. I'm also laughing as I'm thinking about that. 'cause I'm like, when someone says that to you also I'm thinking like I put a lot of fucking work into whatever I'm doing. If I'm going on a date, I should at least say thank you. 'cause like yeah, I did put in work. I know we should work on that. Okay. Everybody listening and watching you guys Say thank you with confidence, We're gonna just be like, thank you, thank you so much.


You look great too. Or if they don't look good, just don't say it back. But just be like, thank you. I think that's a good thing to work on. Okay. Ready for this little flip flop. What is your most toxic trait? I will ghost you. That's like my number one thing. If like I'm, when I'm over something I'm over it and like I'll just leave. Like I, I don't, okay, Wait, but will you ghost in terms of like, will you block or will you ghost? Like No, no. I just won't answer. Oh, I, I'm not a big blocker, honestly. Okay. Keep let 'em just keep getting that blue and they just like never get the answer. Just like when I'm over some, and I don't even really realize that I'm doing it, but I will just like not, I don't know, I, I feel like it doesn't even register in my mind that they're talking to me and I'm like, it's just not there.


You're done. Because I don't care. Okay. Well some people would say that's a superpower because I think a lot of girls are gonna be like, Alex, so what's going on upstairs? 'cause I need a little bit of that interview. Well that's like when they slide in, I can't not say hi. Even if they just fucked my best friend last week. Yeah. That's where I kind of feel like I'm like the advice person or I don't know when it comes to like my friends and not caring about a guy too much. Like I'm really good at like letting go, but maybe I'm too good at that. So maybe I need a balance. Okay. What gives you the ick? Ooh, one time I got the ick, I brought this guy back to my place. We were kind of like making out all night.


I bring him back, we're like sitting in my kitchen. I go to like make us a drink and he just smiled. Like What? He was way too happy. You know what I mean? Like he just gave off the vibes like he was not playing cool. He was like, I'm here. And he was just grinning from ear to ear and I was like out like I was, I literally was like, I have to go. I feel so sick. I'm so sorry but like you can't Wait. You turn the corner. And he was like, Like, you know, I just, I don't know. It was think he Fever beaver. I think it's cool when a guy is kind of like sua and whatever, like, I don't know, he just really gave off the vibes of like, right.


And maybe I sobered up a little bit. Maybe that was it too. And I was like, wait, what is going on right now? No, but he was way too happy and like too big of a sm like, you are not feeling, I get it. You're like, how do I explain the give give the smile to the camera? Like, that's not someone I wanna fuck. No, no, No. You're like, I'm, you're giving nothing but like, get the fuck outta my house. I get that. I also, oh, is that what I should be doing right now? Alex said I'm not gonna fuck that. Oh, do we have the same one? Okay. One thing I've been like going slow because I'm like I need eyes, I'm down.


Oh, you're done. Okay. Okay. I've been just going like this for a really long time. I've just been going like this. Yeah. Okay. So this is the goal. I'm gonna finish because I was patting my face for so long. We're gonna go play a drinking game and we're gonna play truth or drink. Oh God. I feel like you haven't had your fair share of let's, let's know a little bit more about Alex and her sexual escapades. And I feel like obviously this is Call Her Daddy. So we're gonna have a couple more drinks. We have to, we're gonna sit down, you take a drink and we're gonna get into it and we're gonna get a little wild. This is a side no one knows of me, no one, which is kind of crazy. So are you Ready? You ready? I'm gonna chug this really quick One go.


We've done have nothing to wear. No, I think this show the body suit to the camera. I mean it looks good. You're nervous. The nipple will come out. We censor it. Okay. Okay, we're gonna be back. We're gonna try on our outfits and then we'll come out. We're ready. Barely full mental breakdowns. We hate our outfits. Let's go. Okay. I am so fucking excited. Alex, we are gonna play truth or drink. Okay. Get ready to get fucked up bitch. Okay. Okay, here we go. First, let's just start out with an easy L light little softball. When is the last time you blacked out?


Like two weeks ago. What is your go-to drink? A vodka soda. Okay. What is your tolerance level? Like if we're going out tonight, what should I expect? I can take a lot of shots but then I might not, I actually, I have a good tolerance, but it depends. Okay. But you may like blackout, but like, are you the type of person that no one knows you're blacked out? Yeah, I'm, I'm kind of one, I mean I get googly eyes but I'm never gonna be the like puker falling over. I'm jinxy myself right now. I'm gonna be a mess. I know it. When Was your, oh, this is fucked. When was your last dance floor make out? My last dance for Makeout was like a month or so ago in Montauk.


I think it's good that you drink too. Yeah. That's good. That's good. Okay. When is the last time that you drunk texted an X? I'm not a big drunk ex texter. So like, has to be over a year, years. I don't know if You were, god forbid sliding in. What are you saying? Are you sending paragraphs or are you just like, hi, I'm a hi. I, I'm like a hi girl Eyes. I remember, I remember I used to just do like the, the peach emoji and then the phone. So like a booty call. Oh. And it just like, it usually worked but like, I wasn't happy in the morning but I was happy I didn't send like a paragraph. Yeah. So, okay. You can like, if it's short, you shouldn't be that embarrassed if it's long, just, you know, go to church and repent.


How many guys did you fuck your freshman year of college? Two. Love. Were they good One? No. Oh my God. Very, very bad. Very bad. How many times you had sex with him? Two. Two times? Yes. Okay. And then I, I tried afterwards I was like, you know, I'm just gonna give him head because this is so bad. And he told me that he didn't like that so I just was like, I don't know what's going on here and I'm running away. And that was the like one in really only like frac guy. Like I was like, we gotta get out of here. It didn't work. Okay. Two, that's a good solid number.


What is your total body count? I'll drink With you. You know, I'm just gonna drink for privacy but it's, it's nothing like crazy. I think that's fine. Okay. Who is your celebrity crush? Jacob ati. But he was a girlfriend so maybe that's controversial. No, It's okay. It's okay. They can be even like Mary. Actually you know what? Oh, it was always Zach Effron for the longest time. So it Used to be Zach Efron, now it's Jacob Belote. Okay, that's good. Who is your athlete crush? Travis. Kelsey.


Let's just drink to that because why the fuck not? I definitely shouldn't have said that. Okay. What You know we appreciate is the motherfucking honesty. Alix Earle. Okay. And the problem with this game is I'm just gonna keep answering. No, I love it. Okay. In the spirit of last night, maybe we'll bleep the name. Someone who ended things with you when you were still very into him. Okay. What about him? Give me A d. What if we just say that sleuth going, how many nudes have you taken in your life?


I don't know the exact number. A good amount. Are You proud of your nudes? Yeah, Like if they got leaked I'd be like, okay, okay. Actually, I don't know. Don't leak Don't come from, you'd be like, they're literally fire. Everyone's now like hacking. What is your best skill in the bedroom? I think, and I think I, I give a lot of credit to you, but I think I'm pretty good at giving head. I have been told and wait, but not always. Okay. The first, my first boyfriend, the first one I gave a blowjob to whatever. Oh my god, I'm being so awkward because I never talk about this stuff.


He was like, that was the worst thing I've ever experienced in my entire life. He's like, you were biting my dick. Like that was horrible. So I literally was petrified and I was determined. So I You played Episode three, I studied and then Call Her Daddy came out and I was like, I'm a determined to do this. And now you take pride in your work. Yes, I am. So cheers. Let's just cheers again. Thank you. I'm so proud of You so much. That makes me so fucking the ggl look. 9,000 goes very far. It does wonders for your dick. So you're welcome everybody. I'm so proud of you. Okay. Top two favorite sex positions?


I love missionary. I, I don't know, I just think, Are you making eye contact? Yeah. Or like kissing I love or I like kind of like spooning on my side. The best. Fuck Mary. Kill Athlete edition. I can't say this seriously. Aaron Judge Braxton Barrios and Travis Kelsey. Okay. Kill Aaron. Judge. Fuck. Travis Kelsey, Mary Braxton Barrios. Will You be attending any dolphins games this season?


I think so. Love that window. I think so. Okay. Are you an anal virgin? I am. I actually You, you just said that. I am because I feel like I want to save that for marriage. Ah. I Dunno. Is that weird to say? No, but I'm like, I want them to have something Left of me. My god. I didn't mean it to come off like that. I just meant, I don't know. Oh my God. No, This is good. This is good. You want something to be left? I'm sweating. Okay, Alex. Ready? The most famous person in your dms.


Okay, well you have to tell me. Okay. Later Wildest place you've ever had sex In high school? You know when I feel like you're just all horned up. It was like a football game, whatever it was like on like behind the bleachers, but like on the side of the field and like, I don't know what was going on and why I did that. The, what was necessary about that and yeah, I just, just fucking like rabbits. Yeah. But when you think about high school sex, aren't you like, Oh my god. Oh no. Like was that even sex? No. I don't know. You're just, I feel like you're so horny when you're young like that.


Yes. But like, it's actually not sex. You're just like dry like humping and you're like, It's horrible. It horrible. It's horrible. Bad, bad, bad. Okay, last time you faked an orgasm. Don't fucking lie to my face. Go. Probably like in the past few months. Okay. Do better. Do better for our girl. Okay. Tell the Daddy Gang a secret. Anything. Take your time. Oh my god. A like a sexual secret? Maybe anything sexual. Maybe like a little fantasy or like a secret. Maybe something like you've tried that you're like, oh I kind of liked it. Oh, I have one. Oh I, oh my god.


Dad, please if you're listening, turn this off. No, you know what I'm gonna do for the point that we just talked about this, I'm gonna put little sub captions of like earl family. Like mute this and now unmute. Mute it. Mute it. At this Point. Oh my god. Dad, family grandma. She watches everything I do. Okay. I recently, like within the past week, have experimented. I tried a butt plug For the first time and I loved It. Is your orgasm better? Yes. I get it. 'cause it's like we aren't taught to do these things, but when you put it in there it's kind of like a really good feeling. It is. And they like it too. A maybe a little finger. Oh, What finger are you using in there?


Alex? That's a, that's, That's why the dogs. Why do you think I have have No nails on? It's crazy when the Daddy Gang sees me with no claws. They're like, oh, so you're fingering Matt's asshole. I'm like, what? Sorry Matt. So what finger are you using? I Think my middle. It's good. It's a good finger. It's solid. 'cause like it's then you, I don't know. I'm just gonna stop talking. I've never talked remotely about any of this online. How do you, is it freaking you out a little? It Is. Okay. It feels fine right now. 'cause I feel comfortable and I feel like we're having a conversation and when I see this I'm gonna be like, oh my god. Yeah, when it airs you're gonna f flag yourself off the balcony and be like, why did I do that? Okay. I am satisfied. We got a little bit of tea.


There's obviously more to come. This is not the last time we're podcasting together, but this is just to like give everyone a little taste. Yes. And thank you for sharing with us because I know you've never really talked about your sex life, but obviously it's only appropriate that you do it here on Call Her Daddy. We're gonna go out tonight. Yes. We're gonna party with all of our fans, all of our friends, all of our followers. We love you all. And I'm excited to see like how does Alix Earle party in Miami? I'm excited to see how you party. Let's go. Cheers. Cheers. Love you. Let's go. Ooh.


Holy shit. Oh my God. Did you delete here last night? Oh yeah. You didn't know I brought my air mattress. I obviously wanted to like get the full experience. Last night was a little blurry for me, dude. Okay, here we go. Let's podcast. Can you hear this? Fuck. Okay, here I come. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my fucking God. I don't want to put these in your bed. You, you guys dogs out last Dude. Dude, I took My shoes off the minute we got Into the, we get there immediately. Her shoes come off. I was like, We're giving them the recap.


I think that I have glass in my foot. There is, I don't want Is a really gross. No, I don't want you to have to get too close, Alex, but I'm not lying when I say I keep looking over. They're, what is this? The more I see going on on that, what? What is This? That's blood like dried blood. Oh. So I won't put them on your bed. I'll just go like this. Okay. So last night we got fucking wild. I got like really drunk. I was also laughing. So when we went to that dinner, I turned to Alex and Alex was like, Ooh, like I can't tell if I'm getting tired. And I was like, Alex, That's when it all went downhill And we started just taking shots.


We Took so many shots. Did we didn't get in trouble. They Were they, I think they were glass shot glass. They were glass shot glasses. And I think people were like dropping them on the floor so glass was shattering. So that makes sense why your foot is cut open. This was Like our first time ever going out together. It was, it was very fun partying with you. Yeah. You are the life of the party. You have you. I didn't tell. I couldn't tell you were that fucked Up. Yeah, I feel like same with you. Really? But Well I could definitely, I was like, oh wow. Like she really like can drink. I was shocked by that. Really? Yeah. Oh my god. Alex thought I was gonna be a grandma.


She went full force. Oh my god. Do you remember when the bouncer like caught my blimp body? No. So I'm fucking standing, jumping around, just like having the time of my head. And I don't know what happened, but at one point it was as if I was like literally about to belly flop onto the center table with all the drinks and everything and my body just like literally levitated over and I just started falling. And randomly the bodyguard just comes in and with his arms like this, I just do a plank onto his body as if I was gonna crush the entire table. And he just like picked me up and I turned around and Matt was just like, what the fuck There?


I can't decide if I'm about to vomit or shit myself. I'm definitely gonna puke at some point today. And I'm sweating and I really don't feel good. I think that we should go for a walk. How far is the beach from you? It's right there. Like over, right over that bridge. Oh, over the bridge. It's right there. Oh, you Can just hop on over there. A hop, skip and jump over there. I'm skipping and jump over the fucking bridge. Okay. Yeah, I think we should go maybe get some like coffee, more pedia light and let Chub, how are we getting? You're like, oh yeah, it's just right over there. Over that bridge. Oh, All the way over there. Go the ocean. Okay guys, we're gonna get our lives together.


I'm gonna clean my foot. I wonder if I can even stand. I can't Really. Everyone came in in here and it start, my ears started to ring and my, I think there's glass in my foot. Oh, you actually can't stand. No, no. I, I like I'm hung over. You're like, no, I have An, I think I have to go to urgent care.


This is an advertisement from Better Help. I cannot express how much of a Game Changer Therapy has been for me over the past few years. I would not be anywhere near where I am today without it. Going on a therapy journey gave me the tools I needed to set healthy boundaries, practice clear communication, and end the unhealthy habits that were holding me back. Setting aside time to focus on yourself is so crucial for Personal Growth and Daddy Gang. You do not have to do it alone. In a society that glorifies being extremely independent, it's so easy for us to forget that we are so much better when we have a support system. Therapy can be that amazing source of support you're looking for in any area of your life. Whether you are working on finding balance or you're goal setting or you're trying to break toxic patterns, it all just gets so much easier when you ask for help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. This month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing is worth it, so don't miss it. For a limited time visit better help.com/daddy to get 90% off your first week. That's better. Help HEL p.com/daddy


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jack in the box, Jack's new crispy boneless wings pack. So Munch Crunch, you guys. I love a good wing. These wings are super crunchy, unlike other boneless wings that get soggy and they're kind of just like mushy. We all know how that is. Jack's wings retain the crunch so that you have the best of both worlds s Sauciness and Crunch. And let's talk about the sauces because you will love them so mu you gotta try the new smoke show Smoky barbecue sauce and the honey garlic sriracha both. I love a good honey garlic sriracha flavor. It is something that gets my gears going. And when I have a little smoky barbecue sauce lathered on my wings, I cannot be stopped. Okay. I love a good wing, but if it does not have a crunch, I start to be like, what is this texture and why is it happening? So Daddy Gang, you can always get so much more at Jack In the Box, like free food when you sign up for the Jack app.


Okay guys, we fucking lied. Alex and I are like, let's go walk. We went right back to bed, we went to bed, we went back to bed. It's now seven o'clock at night, so just pretend it's still the daytime. We're not degenerates. Yes, we're fine. Flash forward Eight hours. Exactly. So Alex, I have to say I have been having The most fun for the past 48 hours. Getting to like live in your life has been so fucking cool. And it's been so fun getting to know you. I feel like obviously people on the internet look at you and are probably like, that girl doesn't have one problem in the world. She just gets to go party. Have the best life, and that's it. And I think that's the beauty of podcasting is like we get to know you a little bit more.


So in the spirit of getting vulnerable and podcasting, I wanna ask you a few final questions before I leave you in Miami on your own. What is the hardest life lesson that you've had to learn? The Hardest life lesson I think I've had to learn has been around jealousy and fake, maybe friends, fake people in your life. People have, you know, it's been a thing kinda my whole life, even since I've been little. Like, I feel like finding good people to like stick around and a lot of people don't wanna hang out for the right reasons or don't wanna stick around for the right reasons.


And I think that that has been something I've had to learn, especially recently over the past year with things happening. Or I've had people that, you know, didn't hang out with me before or would say no if I asked to do something and then all of a sudden they all come swarming back around and I'm just like, it, it just honestly hurts. Like as much as it is annoying, whatever, but it, it hurts to see someone be so shallow and like actually just not care about you as a person. What Do you think is the biggest misconception about you? Probably the biggest misconception about me. I feel like I am quiet at first until you get to know me.


And I have kind of a big personality online, but I take a minute to warm up to people and I've had people be like, this is not who we know. Like, oh, you're being so quiet and reserved. I don't know, I like to kind of like read the room a little bit first. I think when I'm like getting to know people, I, I'm just like not walking in and obviously what I post is kind of me crazy all the time or whatever, but I, I'm not like that 24 7. I'm not, you know, doing back flips around my apartment all the time. Just sometime, just sometime. That is why I am so happy that you're about to start this podcast because I feel like there's a difference between like commenting back on a comment and being like, that's not true, but looking into a camera and being like, let me tell you guys the situation what happened.


And just like talking through something I think like is a way to actually connect with more people. Your podcast Hot Mess comes out tomorrow. First of all, I'm so excited for this and I've gotten comments throughout the whole past year being like, you should start a podcast. You should start a podcast Being kind of in front of the camera more and talking. I, I love connecting with my audience and I think there's a lot that they don't know about me. There's a lot that they do know, but there's so much that they don't know. And I am ready to kind of share more of my life with them. I just want it to be my friends, my family, people that are close to me in my life and sit on the floor of my room and talk.


I love it. I think it's gonna be so dope. Aren't you nervous? I'm little nervous, but honestly filming this has made me feel a little bit better and I feel like I'm getting to learn from the best and I have a good coach. It's been so fun working with you because we both love our fans and our content and what we're doing. Like it's been cool to work with you and just be able to like watch you about to literally kill it and people just be like listening to every week. I I can't wait for you. I can't wait. So, Alex, oh, this is like sad. Like it's ending. Like I don't wanna end it. Yeah, but it it feels like a really perfect ending to an incredible episode. I'm so excited. Wait, what? I need help with One last thing before we end this.


Okay. Really strange request. Okay. So you know how I just graduated? I just moved outta my college house. Yes. Well, probably the only nice thing that we had in this house was our fridge. We had like a smart fridge. It has a big screen and on that fridge you're able to upload photos. So my friends and I thought it'd be funny, we did like photos of the week and this, this fridge has basically our private stories on it and we have our nudes on there. There we have, I don't know, we're shit talking ourselves we're, I don't know what is on that fridge. We got a glimpse because this group of frat boys has moved in now and they see what is on our fridge.


All, all the other girls are in New York besides me and Kristen. So I think it's only fair that we go there and we break and enter and we delete the photos on the fridge. You are saying that it's a smart fridge, like there, it's almost like a built-in iPad. Yes. And all of your guys nudes are on this fucking thing, like two things, like Hub's. Not the cute ones, not the cute ones. The ones where it's like, oh my God, your nipples hanging outta the shirt. Oh my God, I have a double chin. Oh my God, I'm hung over here. It's a complete joke in our most embarrassing photos. And now these guys have access to literally our most secret photos. So we're gonna get in the car, we're gonna drive there immediately and we're gonna show up with the cameras and they're gonna be like, what the fuck? And we're gonna be like, we're just filming for, I Need you to distract them.


No, we should literally be like, oh, we're just filming for Call Her Daddy. Yeah, I wanna see your room. Can you guys show me the room? They'll bring me into the room. You go to the fucking fridge and delete that shit. Okay, Daddy Gang. One last adventure. One more little hurrah with Alex and I. Here we fucking go. Let's go. All right, let's just do it right now. Let's go. Oh my God, My legs. Alex, how are you As a driver? I'm a good driver. Okay. But sometimes if I'm like speeding, don't worry. Oh, Okay. Oh my gosh. We're gonna, guys, I have butterflies in my stomach. Can we even pull in? Should we actually just drive by? I think You just fucking pull in. There's grass. We didn't Have grass like this. When did they get grass?


I see the front door. We just have to infiltrate. I'm literally shaking. What is that? Oh my. It's ratified. It's ratified. No, I'm not ready. No, it's they both, they have three cvs in there. The door. Now I'm gonna throw up. There we go. What is this? Hi, what's up? I just wanted to give you guys a house warming gift we used to live here. Come in.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there, there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Hey everyone, I'm Gypsy Rose Blanchard. So viewers will see in this season of life, after lockup my struggles and mistakes I made, how I handled myself, I'm excited about motherhood. I get to share with my child the things that I didn't get to experience as a child myself and Ken and I grow as a couple. Seeing how we navigate parenthood, seeing how we navigate our relationship, it's gonna be great. Gypsy Rose, life after lockup. New episode tonight at nine, only on lifetime.


Have you experienced serious complications with a para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.