
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jones. Quitting nicotine is a journey that can feel impossible without the right tools. That's where Jones comes in. Jones offers holistic support to help you quit nicotine altogether or cut back. Find out why 40,000 quitters use Jones to help them reach their quitting goals. Head to quit with jones.com and use code. Call Her Daddy for $15 off your first order of nicotine mints. Jones is FDA approved and available for those that are 18 and older?


Hi, this is Steve Emi. You know the actor. Well now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work Entertainment and campsite Media in association with Olive Productions. Comes big time an Apple original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who isn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, who Steals bees? I was duped. I shoot you In the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent Lieb. Lnu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Aly and AJ Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you. Thanks for having us. You guys, the last time we saw each other was we were hanging out backstage at my tour San Diego and you were the loveliest people. And I always have these moments because I'm like, I watched you guys growing up. Obviously I love you guys, your music, all of it. But meeting you guys in person was so fun to be like, oh my God, you guys are like normal girls. And we're all that's really sweet. We just hanging out. So I'm so happy we're finally doing this same, Same. So happy to be here. It was meant to be. Yeah. It was so happy to be here. Okay. If you guys are not like touring, if you're not working, if you don't have all the chaos of your life, what is your most fun thing that you guys usually like to do together?


We're big like spa people. And we kind of have been since we were young. Yes. Like we were like hanging out in a spa at like 10 and 12 and we were just loving it. And our parents would be like, I, I don't know, they just like love hot dry saunas and getting massages. Oh I love this for you Guys. So like kids spa. So spa, spa, spa. You gonna the spa, if you have a day off, you're gonna the spot together. The spot. Yeah. That's our number one. That's our number one love. Or like, I mean literally it's like a movie. Like just on AJ's couch. Just like ordering in. Yeah. How like often Do you guys hang out? All the time. Yeah, all the time. Like every Day. Well now Because now that she's a mom, used to be. Yeah. So now that she's a mom, it's not every day. And also we don't live down the street from each other anymore. We literally used to live.


I'm, I'm not even kidding you. Like me in my car four minutes from each other driving to AJ's. Four minutes I could walk to her house in like 20. Wait, How far now? Now I'm like hour, an hour and A half. What? Yeah, I know What happened. Yeah. Well she had a kid. Well I Had a kid. Yeah. She's like bye. So Changed. I'm like see by a day Like well really, we moved for like to be closer to my mom. Okay. My mom lives out in San Yez so we were like, okay, if we're closer to her that help with you know, just like, yeah. Childcare or whatever. Of course. And then having more space. 'cause the house that we live in in that we lived in in the canyon that we ended up renting out is like a super cool pad, but it's more like, it's for a couple, it's not really for a kid. So we, we ended up renting a place that just had more space.


Oh my God. So we kind of were just like, yeah, we'll see. But we still, but it's only an hour and a half Visit. Like it's not that far. I visit every weekend. She Does, but would you ever move? I love Santa Barbara. Okay. Yes. She You're happy in Santa Barbara? She, she would. I'd move there in a second. Okay. Okay. Okay. That makes Feel good Down. I really would. I'm not ready yet. I really love where I am. Yeah. But I think down the road I would, I absolutely would, would. And I think it's a beautiful place to raise a son. Do You guys play the typical like older, younger sister roles? Do you feel like, or is there anything that you're like I don't act like a younger sister and older sister in this way? I think they were swapped when we were younger. Oh really? Yeah, I was Very much, yeah. That's a good younger sister. And she was like older sister and Then it switched. Why? Like we always joke how when I was young I was very shy and really shy and I would have her just kind of, you were like my translator.


Yes. Literally. Yes. She would like nudge me. It's like, and I'd be like, she wants a Turkey sub. No cheese and Eggs. No Mustard. No mustard, you know, whatever. And it was like literally I would speak for her. She knew. She like knew. It was very strange. Oh I Inspired You got outta that though. I got outta it. And then, and then I think it swapped to being like, okay, now I Yeah, you don't ate for me. But yeah, no, no. You're like girl, you never did. Never. But I think what's interesting is like obviously you guys then like at a pretty young age got into the spotlight. So like you don't think that a kid would be shy. That then gets, that's a good point into like that's true. This industry. When Disney entered the conversation, were your parents at all like this is like too much? Did they ever try to talk you guys out of it? No, at that point we were fully in like okay sag card in hand doing commercials.


Well not you me, not me. 'cause I got off my SAG card. Ski was still the Future. Yeah. Yeah. So like I didn't even have like I, I mean I knew the basics of like this is a mark and stuff, but I learned like everything on that set. Oh My god. Wait, your first gig was filled. The future Was film. I forget that was kind On my set card. That's kind of the biggest flags ever. Wait, what? Yeah. That's funny. Yeah. When you guys, like I obviously was thinking before I like sat down with you. I'm like, when you look back at that era, you think about like you think about you guys, you think about Demi, you think about Miley, you think about Selena, you think about the Jonas Brothers. Like when you were in the era that you were in because it shaped so much of our childhood, I feel like, did you guys realize it was that iconic in the moment or did it literally just feel like work?


I think once cowbells hit we knew. Yeah. And I feel like when the music started happening on the channel and that was happening simultaneously with Phil, I think that's when we were like, oh this is really like clicking with people. And I do remember going to, I, I don't know, I think were we with Hollywood Records at the time? I, I don't know. I don't think so. But we went to, well I think they signed us season two of the show. Right. It was season two but I think season one of Fill of the Future had been out. So no, we weren't signed yet with Hollywood. But for whatever reason we were invited to Hillary Duff's concert at I think the Forum or something. Oh my god. Oh yeah. And I think you were with me. Yeah. And like I got mobbed at this concert and I was like yeah because season one it aired and were like, it was weird.


It was like the first real time I remember being like, oh like people know me from this show. Oh my. And then it was just, you know, after that it was still very, we had a very normal life. But I just remember being like, oh people are sobbing me because of this TV show. Oh my God I Hillary Def concert. Yeah like take I know me. Yeah. Back the rainfall Down. Oh my God. Because I was gonna ask like how your life changed with Phil the future. 'cause I feel like that was a very, very, very big moment and I feel like some shows popped, some shows didn't. Yeah. That one I like feel like I watched every freaking episode and it was So good. It's funny It Thank you. It was cute. It did pop. But like we only did two seasons, which people kind of forget We what? Yes. That's it. That's it. I know it's a travesty And then it got canceled.


Wait, But how many episodes were in a season? 22 I think. Okay. That's also so different. Like these days it's like six episodes. Yeah. Yeah that's a good part. Okay. But 20. That's still a lot of episodes. Wait yeah. So it was only two


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit when you're working out, I don't know for you guys but like I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like oh I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to work out in and look great in everyday life. You need to check out their performance jogger part of re's dream knit collection. The Performance jogger is great for stretching or lounging. It is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance joggers, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger. Like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends what are you putting up on top And then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay, so if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts or even just for lounge? Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her Daddy. That's v dot.com/ Call Her Daddy exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. Now is your time to build on a hobby or establish a global empire. And while the entrepreneurial path is never linear, Shopify will have your back at any stage. No matter how many detours you encounter on the journey. Daddy Gang, I have talked about how Shopify has been truly so integral to my personal business. And anyone out there that is on a new venture or is in the middle of their venture and you're trying to figure out how you can get to that next level. It is Shopify. Shopify is a commerce platform that allows you to start, grow and manage a business. It can be as simple as a side hustle or a multimillion dollar fundraiser. The cool thing is that Shopify is behind so many brands. Millions of people in over 170 countries are selling online and in person using this platform. And you can too. There are tons of fun themes to choose from and it's easy to use drag and drop edit. You can even tag and sell your products globally and across all social media platforms where the customers are. Shopify. Thank you so much for being such obviously a huge part of my business. It has made it easier. Daddy Gang. I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is how to delegate and not take everything on my back and on my shoulders. And Shopify has been that go-to for me when I am selling product. They make it easy and they make it a great good experience. So Daddy Gang, it's time to build your brand. Head to Shopify dot com slash daddy to see how easy it is to start your business today.


Is this the unwell water? No, that's water. That's real water, right? You can then this the unwell drink. Just the un. Yeah. Yeah you can try it. Okay. I'm trying it. Give it a go. It's good. Tango citrus. It's it's yummy. Yeah it's yummy. It's basically like a better ideally version of like pdi, Pedialyte and Gatorade. Sure. Like that's less sugar. Good. It's good, right? It's not sweet. It's not. Oh my god I did so many water. You don't to tone it down with water. Lemme this like Gatorade water. The mango is my, in college when I would play soccer I would have to literally D it. Oh, dilute it. Yeah. And I would do like half Gatorade, half water. Yeah. My favorite Currently that's is the mango that you're currently holding. And this one is what? Orange hibiscus. Orange hibiscus. Oh that is good. It's good. Right. And then this is the strawberry think. I think the mango is, maybe the mango is the best. It's my favorite. It's my favorite currently. This is orange hibiscus.


I like the mango. Yeah, it's great. Okay, so back to congrats to, 'cause I was, thank you so much. 'cause I was thinking about you guys in like, now that I'm like a business woman and obviously like you guys can share what you want, but I was thinking about you guys and I'm like, you were so young and you guys looked like you were at the top of the world. But like when you look back financially, did you feel like as kids you were compensated correctly? I don't know if that's like a fair thing to say. That's interesting. I don't think I, you would've known anything to compare it to. Yeah. I don't think, I think It's crazy when you have a job that young Of course. And, and in a strange way, like any money that you're making of course seems like great. But when like when you look, look back now, but I made like $7,000 Right. Per episode on future.


That's not bigger. That ain't nothing. That's not good. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. That is interesting. Like because when you Look, I mean I don't know what that would equate to today, but like true. Right? But I guess for a a kid show you're kind of like, that's great. That could go into their college fund. Like and How did you guys handle it with your parents? Because obviously I remember we were standing in the hallway of my tour and I looked at you guys and I was like, how did you guys just stay so normal? And you guys are like so lovely. I feel like you guys are my girlfriends from back home. And the unfortunate side of the industry I feel like we've all seen is like so many of these kids, whether it was like the parents were abusing the power Yes. And taking the kids money, the parents were forcing the kids. We saw it all the time. The parents didn't help the kids. So they were just kind of by themselves on set.


Like Yeah. They're just like dropped off and left with the teacher to do the Right. Yeah. What attributed to you guys staying so grounded throughout this whole process? Well I can tell you we weren't the boss of our household. That's for sure. Yeah. Like just 'cause we were working did not put us at the top like we were the kids. Yeah. And then second, like our parents were very, very clear about like, yeah you can go to this event, you can promote this project, but like you're not gonna go to like some late after party with a bunch of adults when you guys are underage. Like I just feel like when you're younger you can kind of get away if you're in the industry, but just rolling into every situation. Yes. You Shouldn't and you're like a little mini adult even though you really shouldn't be. It's Not really the time and place for that time in your life.


Like you just shouldn't be at those kind of things at that age. Like a, you know what I mean? Yeah. I feel like our parents were very, they were pretty strict And, and like our mom was on set with us, like amazing if she needed to be somewhere for you and I was like on set, she would be gone to like get you to the audition and then would be like straight back on set. You know that I feel like that's like the biggest key that when kids come out now it's like there's this like missing element which was kind of like the parental figures. Yes. And like to give the parental opportunity to people that weren't the actual parents. Totally. They are just looking at these kids like they're cash cows and really your own parent hopefully would be the one to be like, no, no, no, I need to have some guidelines for my kids.


Right. Is it true that you were going to possibly be Hannah Montana? I mean yeah. I I I mean it's funny like she had the offer. I had the offer. Yeah. And it was, Phil hadn't ended at that point. It was like they knew that Phil I think was on the way out or had told us like, you know, we might not be doing a third season. And and Gary who you know was the head of, of the channel Gary Marsh at the time and Rich Yeah. Was like, this pilot has come in and we think that you're really perfect for it. And I just remember reading it and being like, wait, but I'm doing music as Aly and this might be really confusing being Hannah and and being the character also playing Hannah, there actually Three of you there, three Versions.


There would be three of you. It would Be very Confusing. And I was like, you know, how does AJ relate to this? And then they, they, I mean they literally said, well then AJ could play the best friend part. Lily, Lily, Lily, I think. Yeah. So they were like, why don't you have, and I was like, but it feels like it's my show. It's not really like the Hannah and Lily show. And I think at that point too, I was probably like close to being maybe 17 at that point. Which is funny too. 'cause like we weren't on the channel for that long. Like I, I booked Phil at 13 and then by the time it was over I was like, you know, whatever, 16 and a half or something. So I was like almost 17 I think when that was offered.


And I just remember thinking like I've kind of done what I wanted to do here on the channel. You know what what I mean In a way Yeah. We'd done cowbells, the music had aired a lot. Yeah. On Disney Channel cowbells or I guess cowbells. We were just starting to like dive into because that Came out when meant air. Yeah, exactly. Yeah it did. You're Right. You're right. I mean I obviously like that was meant to be for Miley. Yeah, totally. But that's so interesting how like those pivotal moments obviously like everyone was kind of up for certain roles that like it would've looked so different with you guys in that position. Yeah. Versus her obviously. Okay. Is it true AJ, that you had your first kiss with Joe Jonas? Yes. That is true in a Bobby You bring up all the old subject.


I know. I'm like, of course we gotta Go through it. We gotta go through it in a bowling alley. It was so innocent. Wait a bowling alley. It was sweet. That's so cute. And did you guys like date for a long Time? We dated for a while. I don't, I mean for like a young relationship, like over a year is is Pretty good. Year and a half, something like that. That's Pretty solid. That's a really long time. Yeah. Because I feel like I was so curious, like all of you guys were on such like different shows, but like this was kind of your high school experience. Yeah, it was. Yeah. So like how did you guys all hang out and like meet on different shows? Like what was the social dynamic like? Well we met on tour. So the Jonas Brothers opened for us and that's when we started like there was like a spark and I was like, oh this would be fun. Like we started dating on And they were, and they were kind trying to make like something happen with like me and Kevin.


Kevin. And I was like, it's not really vibing. And then I mean bless. But like yeah. And then it was like, no, maybe you can like date the bass player Greg. And I was like, no, it's still not vibing. And I mean like again, bless him too, but Oh of course. But it just wasn't, I was like, no you can't Like force that. Can't force it. It was like natural that I heard Joe had a connection. Yeah. It was a Natural. We were all buddies. Of course We were. And it was a really fun tour. But I think beyond that, so like for me it's like we were homeschooled our whole lives. We didn't experience school dances. We didn't, but instead we had tour like at a really young age. Like to me, I wouldn't trade. Yeah. I wouldn't trade it, any Of it. 'cause I'm like our experiences on the road were so cool. Yeah. And it's actually why I love touring as an adult. Yeah. Because I think it was ingrained in me at a young age that it was a really cool opportunity to have this moment to connect with your fans every now It's not insane to go on the road.


And I love it. It's very natural for Us. I think some people dive in as an adult and they're like, I don't wanna be on the road. And we're like, we love it. Bring it on. Right. You're Like, this is all we ever know. Yeah. Yeah. It's weird. Yeah. So Anyway, I wouldn't, yeah, there's nothing I would really trade back. I just wanted to Finish that up. No, that's an amazing answer. Okay. Did you secretly date your fellow of the future co-star for six years? No. Who said that? That's funny. Is this like a thing online? We Rumors online that you secretly dated Phil of the future CoStar for six years. Absolutely. Never. Literally can attest. Never even kissed You guys didn't even No, it was always a friendship. No, love That. Although I remember like he's also older than you. Well and in that, that age range felt huge. Like I was 13 and I think he was 16. I think Three. That's A huge big gap. Age. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I remember during the test, like when I tested for Phil the future and I saw that he was the other boy that was up for, I was like, he's really cute.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then of course you meet them and then you're like, oh, now we're just buddies. And like we Actually became really good friends with his girlfriend during that show. Like he was dating About Yeah, that is true. Yeah. Sweet. So no, no, no, no. We're clearing up all The rumors. That is so funny. Years and years later. Okay. Obviously we know Disney was like very strict now that like everyone kind of like knows the deal. Were you able to experiment at all like normal teenagers, like have your first drink and like go to parties at all or no? Yeah. Yeah. For sure. You did. Yeah. I, I feel like we had a healthy like teenage life. Yeah. Even Though we were like, we but we were like not party girls. Like for whatever that's worth. I think the channel Got Very lucky having us under the umbrella. We A weird way.


Weird way. We should've been strong for like 15 years because they would've been like, they're good. We don't need to be worried about No, it's true. Keep going. Like Yeahs for whatever reason we just were not like rebellious types, both of us. And I think maybe part of it was because we had each other. Yeah. So it was like we didn't have to act out and prove ourself. Yeah. To like our parents or it was just like, that's kind of nice. I Don't know. Yeah, no you're right. I don't even know what it is. It's like luck. I feel like maybe it's Just luck but Also like Aly and I, this sounds kind of ridiculous, but when we got a little older, but we weren't quite like drinking age. Yeah. People like kind of in LA started like trusting us as the girls that would like go into Ladu but not get hammered. They're like, They're like let them in. They can have a a like we use some of The bouncers and they would just like mark our hand and they'd be like, we trust you.


Come like give them Some Red Bull and like they're fine. Like They're never gonna be a liability. No. Like truly. And we kind of, I mean and that was during the height of all of those girls know honestly don't Everybody like coming outta the fun Messed up, do it right up. But like we were just fine. We were like hi, We'll Just be like no problem in the corner. And it just seeing like a kiss ass. It was just like who we were. Who we were. Which I think is, Which I think then made people would be like, oh my gosh you're so darling. The machaca girls. Like they're just harmless. Sweet. Yeah. That's pretty funny. Everyone knows you guys as Aly and AJ, right? Like everyone, it's Aly and AJ. It's Aly and AJ. Have you guys ever resented that package deal concept? No. I think we've always like the Duo aspect Of it.


Yeah. No we've never resented that. I think the only thing that maybe we've been like, gosh I wish we had had like a different band name wasn't our name. It was cool. Got didn't think it was cool Aly like kids we like why did we do the Aly and AJ thing? 'cause now it's all start, it's just Different names And it's very memorable. But then no, the duo thing didn't bug us. Didn't. No, no. Like when you guys were growing up at all obviously taking different projects and if like one was having more success than the other at a time. Like how did you guys handle that as sisters? 'cause I have a sister and I don't care what we're doing. Like we were competitive. You're competitive. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. And like we are always supportive of each other. But I do feel like naturally there can be moments where it's like, oh, like you're getting the better parts or you're getting the better rules.


Or like, did you ever have moments where you had to like sit down and be like, let's talk this out? I think the Only time where we felt like, okay, we're getting asked to go out for the same roles and we feel really strongly that one of us is really right for this. Yeah. And would you mind standing down? Got it. Like I think there were a couple times when we both got the same audition. Sure. Or, And but usually one of us would come to the other and be like, I'm really not right for this. You should just go out for this and I'm just gonna pass. And the other one wouldn't. And not even like that's happened before where we're like, we've just like said okay fine. You go for it. Like by the way, it would never be between the Two us, but it would never be down to the two of us. But our acting is so different World. Yeah. So different. I think our ages, our looks, our energy like, but we Did get asked sometimes to go to the same Audition. Yeah. And I think some of that was just because of like, I don't know, some, some parts kind of would overlap in Yeah.


Yeah. Where it's like, you know, 20 to 22 to 25 and we're like, well we're in That. Yeah. But, but there was never a role specifically where I was like, wow, I really wish that had been me. Yeah. And like I kind of bummed it was out. Like never like for me it was like, I thought it was so cool that she was like an easy A and hellcats and like she's done great work and it always felt like it should be Aly. You know What I mean? Mean That's such And I always want to be her over anyone else. So if I'm not gonna book it Right. That'd be her. I'd rather than be a family member. True. No, that's such like a healthy way to look at it. 'cause anyone that has a sister, I'm like, I want my sister win. Always. Yeah. And I think there's, you're right, there's like a natural also like aside from competitiveness, you're also very protective of your sibling. Yeah. Being like, I want her to do the best.


But I also think it's very like healthy that you guys are able to have that. Because I'm not in the same industry as my sister. Like. Right. I can't imagine. That's a good point. At some capacity you guys are intertwined and there is a slight competition in light moments that, but that's kind of healthy that you guys are like, we didn't feel it that much. No. No. And like, if anything where it was, I mean I guess you could call it competitive. It would be like if we liked the same guy. Oh yeah, let's talk about that. Yeah. That would, yeah, that would happen every now That would happen. Happen every once in a While. You guys had the same taste growing up. Similar, Right? Yeah. Similar growing I would say. Yeah. Our tastes were very similar. Yeah. What You guys adjusting now you're Like, well I know, I know adjusting, But wait, stop. So you guys at one point would like have a crush and how would you handle it? Well, Neither of us would get that guy.


Yeah. We Just both. It was just like Yeah. Neither of us. Yeah. Just it would be like, would Be like, we both liked him and both of us fell or, or Like, I remember, this is funny that you asked us. We were making a record in New York, one that never ended up coming out And We, we we have 10 of those. No, just kidding. No, Just one. Right? You're like, one day maybe they'll come out. Yeah. Two. And we were, we were feeling very cool that you were like, you know, living in New York for like a month. Yep. No parents, you know, I don't know At this point we were like 21 and or 22 and 20 no parents. Right. And every night we were really obsessed with wanting to go out to all of these restaurants in New York we're like, sometimes it didn't even make sense. Where it's like, girl, of course that's way on the other side of town. That's a 30 Minute You was from Los Angeles and you don't know shit love.


So we would be like, okay, we're going to catch or whatever. And we went to this one restaurant called Revel. I don't know why I remember that. I don remember it's still around. And there was a cute guy that was our waiter and I left my number for him on the bill. And I told AJ and she was like, what? I was pissed. And We left the Restaurant and she was like, that was, I was like, he was cute. And she's like, I know I left my number. And I was like, what? What? Like, you mean I could have and I didn't Did and wasn't judging me that I had done that. You know? And like put my, so put my neck out so dumb. Obvious guy never texted. Rude. So you never called. So someone, meanwhile I don't need to be competitive 'cause we didn't come to you either. We, I'm upset. And did you guys ever, ever, ever hook up with the same person at any point in your lives?


Like overlap of like years later you met up with someone? Like same kiss or No, no, no. There's been a couple like close calls Yeah. Where it was like, I liked that guy kind of. And then it was like, oh no. Like AJ and him were kind of dating and then it would be like over after six Months or, or there was a moment where I like tested for something and the leading guy I thought was really cool. And then Ally actually ended up dating him later. Yeah. Yeah. But I but it wasn't like a, I was also with him. No, no. There's never been an actual crossover. No. Thank God. I mean that would be kind of weird. We're so enmeshed in each other's lives already. I know. We don't that it's like, you're literally like one in that concept. Like when I talk about, 'cause my sister's four years older than me and we've never dated the same guy. Yeah. But even you talk about it incessantly with each other.


Like when you start dating someone obviously. Yeah. So it's like I couldn't go to her if I knew that she liked the guy that I was the, And she knows all the inside. How do you detail It? You can't. She's like, I know I experienced all that and it's It with a friend because with with a family member, I would be like, Catherine, you need to get over it 'cause I need to tell you everything. And she'd be like, okay, he was cute but now I'm over it. Okay go tell me everything. Right. Yeah. You know what I mean? No, it's true. She did, she did one time help like literally held my hand while I broke up with a guy over the phone. I'm not kidding you. I did. She was like, I do you remember that? It was in Calabasas. You were like, you can do it. I did. And I'm like on the phone with him being like, no, it was really sad. I really don't, this isn't right. Like I, and I'm like, am I doing This? And I'm like, you got it. No, that is like literal. That's all Mean. I mean not just brought me back to that bedroom.


Isn't that funny? Calabasas Calabasas. Yeah. No Gr We were Calabasas kids. I know before was cool. Way before it was cool. Love that for you guys. Someone, It was a Johnny Rockets, you know, I mean like we're that far back. I love that. For you we breaking up with someone is the worst feeling. I'm like the worst. It's sickening. It's So hard. It's so sickening. It's actually sickening. But That's why like people whenever I'm like it's, there's nothing better than having a sister. And it's, I feel for my friends that are like, I never had a sister. I don't know what it's like. It's like it's a friendship on steroids. Yes. Of like, you are literally going to kill for her. And it's different than a brother co Relationship completely. It's actually just a dis to call it a friendship. It's like no this is living On another level. Yeah. That's a great point. You know, which It's like an extension of yourself. Yeah. Yes. Yes. It's so fun hearing you guys talk about your dynamic together.


And obviously so much of what you're writing also goes into like love and your life and your family and Yeah. But potential breakup song. I just have to ask the one question 'cause I think it's like, I saw TikTok we're gonna, we have to make this TikTok and it's someone being like, you guys remember when those two sisters walked into the studio? Yes. And they really said this, It's So funny to this day, still such an anthem. What inspired that song? No, you two. I'm not a real person. Not a real person. Stop. Like it's actually The most like so bad. It's The most climactic. It's there's no real person. Real person. I need to pause you guys because the way you both just paused. I thought I was about to get like get The juicy now. Sorry. It's like record scratch.


You're like it doesn't exist. It doesn't exist. Okay. Tell me though. I think we just were like, what if there was a guy that was such a te like, I mean at this point we were 18 and maybe younger 17, maybe 17 and 15 writing the song, which be a day. But like very little life at this point. We would probably each had, you would have probably two boyfriends. Yeah. I barely had one boyfriend 'cause I was way behind. Yeah, she was behind, behind her. Okay. So like I, she was behind. She was behind still a lot of, so still a lot of the songs were like living in a dream world of what we thought a relationship was like because we were still really young. Yeah. So to us it was like, what if this guy was like so terrible that he didn't call you on your birthday and that you begged him to get your stuff back and you like wouldn't give it back and then you just had to deliver it in a box at your house. Literally that sense like it's, it's, it's Literally like you two sitting on your bed together being like genius.


Let's write genius. Let's go. What's funny though is that we no couldn't drive. I do remember not a real dude. I do remember we were young, we weren't young enough that couldn't, we weren't driving, couldn't Drive since there is no story behind it. Tell me both of your like most brutal


breakups Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jack in the box. Jack's new crispy boneless wings pack. So munch crunch you guys, I love a good wing. These wings are super crunchy unlike other boneless wings that get soggy and they're kind of just like mushy. We all know how that is. Jack's wings retain the crunch so that you have the best of both worlds. S sauciness and crunch. And let's talk about the sauces because you will love them so much. You gotta try the new smoke show Smoky barbecue sauce and the honey garlic sriracha both. I love a good honey garlic sriracha flavor. It is something that gets my gears going. And when I have a little smoky barbecue sauce lathered on my wings, I cannot be stopped. Okay. I love a good wing but if it does not have a crunch, I start to be like, what is this texture and why is it happening? So Daddy Gang, you can always get so mu more at Jack in the Box like free food when you sign up for the Jack app,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama. But you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I'll know about you but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay. So kick your old boyfriends to the Gerb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile Thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


We've got a lot of girlies that listen, how did you get through it? What was your most like brutal breakup and how you got through it? Obviously like we're not naming names Sure. But just like the concept like have either of you ever been cheated on? I mean you age you go first. Yeah, I was cheated on. How did you find out? And I found out the guy was like hooking up with our really good friend at the time. No. How did You find out? It like blew up the friendship and the relationship. Yeah. I don't even know how it came out, but it happened in the Calabasas Commons parking lot. Stop. Yeah. And it was like a brutal, it was Terrible And we were young so it was like no, obviously it hits hard no matter what age you are. When you feel like wow I've been completely, yeah. But this was like a friendship. Lied to, this was like a friendship, a girl friendship that was, was basically the breakup.


It wasn't like the guy, if that makes sense. Yeah. It was like we had found out some stuff about her that made us feel like we didn't really know who she was. We been friends. Friends and been friends with her for Like a long time and that was truly the, the worst breakup. And it was a girlfriend breakup. Yeah. That's, those are The, And now we're, and then we mend like we're okay now. Oh you did? Years later. Yeah. Like if we see her at a or whatever we like, we'll DM and stuff, but we don't like hang actively. Which is kind of sad 'cause it was a big part of our childhood. But like that Is so that The guy, that guy was like didn't even matter. Right. You're like, it's just the concept of what happened with the Friendship. Well That that's always the worst when like understandably people are like, don't blame, blame the girl, blame the guy. And it's like, no, no, no for sure. But if you were almost closer with the girl than the guy that's a problem you were dating. Yes. That's where it's like how do you recover from those moments?


And then it gives you like full trust issues. 'cause you're like, how did I not know that? And you could like hold my hand while I'm crying over this and little do I know I'm crying 'cause of you. Yeah. That's sick. Okay. Aly go. I know. Okay. I'm trying to think. Oh gosh, worst. You haven't been cheated on, have you? I haven't been cheated on. That's nice. Yeah. Which is actually good. That is Clap for you's good. I know. That's beautiful. That's good. That's good. I don't know what that says. It's all clap for that. No Trauma. Yeah, no trauma. I, I'm trying to think of, hmm. I mean I've had guys I've, I've had more guys probably break up with me than me break up with them. Okay. So I've been broken up with probably quite a bit.


Have you been blindsided by the breakups? I mean I feel like I was blindsided many times. Yeah. Like not many but yeah. But, but, but a lot of them it was like, you know, I was being broken up with because this person was like a professional athlete and was like, I need to work on my job and like your distraction. I'm like, I need To work on my, I'm on a tour bus right now. You're a Distraction. I need to work on my job. Yeah, I know. Ridiculous. Do you know where you're sitting? Have been a direct quote? No. No. That is the best direct quote I've ever heard. Job a professional athlete. I know. Telling you I have to work on my I know job. Know we, you know that I talk a lot about that. Yes, yes, yes. We How long did you date? It Wasn't that long, but it was very like, that was like a solid year.


May maybe, maybe a little, I don't even know if it a year. What Sport? Football. Hockey football, Football. I remember being really heartbroken by that. Now I'm looking back on it LA being like, no. But to any of the girls that are like, I feel like around New Year a lot of people end relationships 'cause I feel like everyone's like, oh my gosh, like I wanna start fresh, right? I wanna kick this person to the curb or I wanna like try something different. Like do you have any advice when you look back at those relationships, when people ended things with you as hard as it was in the moment now when you look back, like give us some advice of how to get through those horrible blindsiding moments. Honestly like having a couple really solid guy friends was really helpful.


Like I would talk to 'em about this and they'd be like, this guy's a total loser. Like absolutely not. And and you know, of course you could say course saying that they wanna get with you, but these were like truly platonic Even if they do Okay that guy. But they were platonic relationships that were really like I would, yeah, I would be on the phone like talking to Dan, you know? Yeah. I knew you were gonna say him and be like, can't believe this. And he'd be like, n no this is an absolute sign that this guy is not right for you. And like he was only in it because he just wanted to like sleep with you and be done and over that. And You're like, thank you Dan. But thank you. Yeah. Let's hook up. No, I'm just kidding. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Okay. Daddy Gang needs some advice and I feel like all I'm getting from this entire episode is you guys are very wise and you've always been wise and you've always been like, or like little Yodas.


No. Literally like you guys. No, but actually you guys have been like Yodas people would let you into the club 'cause they're like, Aly and AJ are gonna keep it real. You guys didn't lose yourself to fame, you didn't lose. You guys have like seemingly very normal lives and you're still so successful and you're still in the spotlight. So we need your advice. Okay. Okay. You want to end a friendship where you've been drifting apart. Do you have a breakup conversation with your friend or do you let it die out? I've done both. I've had more, if I'm being honest. I've had a couple die outs, not conversations where it's just kinda like, you kind of stop texting and then it's like, but they Also do. Yeah. And then it's like you kind of are like, we both know this isn't right. Yeah. Which is kind of a form of ghosting.


It's not great. It's, It's A little bit, I think you should have the Conversation. When you have the conversation. It's bigger to do that. Do you think those were more extreme moments? Like did something Yes, It can make it too big of a deal, but, but it was usually because it was based on something that happened that I was like, I can't really not see this now and it's here and let's talk about it. I think, and this is why I can't go forward as a friend, but I think that's good advice. It's like you kind of have to gauge where you're at. If it's just like you never really see each other anymore, but you have this like weight over you and they're not being that great to you. You can maybe let it simmer. Yeah. To me some, some things don't need a spotlight sometimes. True. Sometimes. Sometimes it's not like this big huge fight. Sometimes it's like I'm seeing some things about your lifestyle. Yeah. That doesn't gel with mine or Yes.


Or that, you know, I don't know. You weren't there for me in these moments that I needed you. And it's kind of like showing your true colors and that's okay. We just part our own ways. Yeah. And that's like sometimes that's part of just growing up and being a girl. I think that's what's like been so eyeopening as I've gotten older. Like growing apart from friendships is so sad. It is sad. And it's like horrible to look back at like some of my like high school friends that I'm not as close with anymore. Whatever. Or just also like recognizing like we really grew up and we are different. Or like we live our lives differently. And that doesn't mean they're a bad person. You're just like, it doesn't mesh anymore. But it Is sad when a part of your childhood in that way kind of dies. Dies. You're like, wait, I just said bye to a friend in a way that I know I'm not really gonna connect with again.


And I think it's like sometimes yes, sometimes those are harder than actual breakups with men sometimes where you're like, shit, that hurt. But I think that's a good, like bit of advice is like you can do both. But I think don't actively seek out a conversation if the person's gonna be like, wait, what? What are you talking about? It's too, if something happens, absolutely address it. Yes. But you can also like let something simmer if that's like the natural course of where it was gonna go anyways. Yeah. And it says a lot, if both sides aren't really reaching out, then it's like the natural course was for it to fizzle. It Kind says that says everything in a way. Yeah. Okay. You find out you were accidentally the other woman, do you reach out to her or do you stay out of it? I'm the type that would reach out. I, I, Yeah.


We're both breathing so heavy. We're all like, I'm like, yeah. I think I would contact Her. I think I would. I think I would. I, yeah. I'd say I'm the other woman. Another woman. I'm so sorry. I didn't know it's me. Well what's funny is that we've seen one of our girlfriends, yes. Our close girlfriends do that. And I, it was like, I was kind of being like said don't do this. This is, this is cringe. Like, but I Why is this? She did it right. A huge message. You know? I Don't know if she did it right. She didn't do it right. I think there's a way you can, I mean, I've said that to her face. Like she didn't nail this too long. Oh, she literally wrote a paragraph. Paragraph. Yeah. No, no, no. And also then that girl is like, yeah, right. Sure honey. You know, and then making her look like she's crazy When she actually decide the truth. It makes like, are you making this up that you're really the other woman?


Like Yeah. You look insane. Yeah. Yeah. Oh this is really interesting. Yeah. I think a paragraph to ever start something off, it's bad. You gotta go in shorter. Sure. And just begin the convo rather than hit it hard where someone's like, oh my God, I need to like read this tonight when I have time. Yes. Like, and sit down and actually think about this. Yeah. But okay, so you guys would both say something, I would be like, I'm sick. Yeah. I'm Ill. I I like this, this happened. I need you to know and I'm so sorry. Bye. I kind of agree with Ron. I agree with that. Like I feel like if you were not again clarifying, you didn't even know you were the other woman. Right. If you were aware like then that's a complete different situation. That's like on you different karma is on you. Yes. But if you weren't aware, I kind of agree because then even if she stays on her, you know what I mean?


Totally. At least you met had your moment to say like your, this moment happened and I said my piece and like I can live with that. Love this. Yeah. If you knew one of your close friends was cheating on her husband, who you're also friends with, how do you handle that? That's really Hard. That's really hard. That's never happened. Thank God. Has that ever happened to you? Maybe not husband or you A boyfriend? I have known, not husband, but yeah. I've known that there's like shadiness going on and And you're close to both Of them. Yeah. And I kind of stayed out of it 'cause I just didn't Know. Did it dissolve on its own with, with you staying out of it? You know what's Interesting still together. I think I'm not really that close with them anymore. So I don't know what happened. Interesting. But I also think maybe that partially is because it was like bleeding into every part of their like Sure.


When you're lying that heavily in your life. That's A good point. It bleeds into every other Moment In your, in your life's. Like She was more distant 'cause she was being so cagey, but, and then I was kinda like, I don't know. Oh wow. Yeah. I think it depends on maybe who, like who's the OG friend? Is it, is it her or is it the guy? Yeah. Like I don't know like when you Met him at the same, I mean if you met at the same time it's It's hard. It's so hard. I'd like to think I'd have the courage to say something or to be like, I don't know. Like is everything okay? Like well I wanna think If I'm the same woman who's gonna tell the person I was the other woman and didn't know until just now I'd be that same person to say this. Right. That's a point. Like I'd point like to think those two ladies are the same person. What? I agree. Like bold, like I agree. I think what's hard sometimes in friendship dynamics is like there's a lot of dynamics.


I feel like you start to feel as you get older and there's cheating involved, I have found sometimes I'm not privy to all the information of these people's relationships. Yeah. And a lot of times I'm like, oh, you kind of knew that. Sure. Like I didn't get the whole side. Sorry. Yeah. So I'm like, if I'm super close, if it was my best friend and I'm fine, I'm hearing something, I'm telling her obviously and be like, I love you so much and I support you. I just need to tell you know this hundred, I know this and then I'm here. Whatever you wanna do. Yeah. Yeah. Because I think it's half the time the judgment that people feel when someone brings that information. They get so anxious like, I have to leave him now or I have to leave her now. And it's like, I don't know. Sometimes I feel like come off a as judgey when you tell them. So I also think your delivery has to be like, I love you and I know this is so Hard, but I saw so and so at this restaurant and this is great And I'm leaving this information.


Yes. But I'm here for you if you wanna talk and like whatever you do, I love You. I think now in my thirties, that is how I would approach it. Right. But it would take me a hot minute to come to that. Yes. Like bravery of, of, okay, we're doing this. You'd call your sister first. Yes. You'd like, what do do We would rehearse it. Totally. We'd rehearse it. I'd hold her hand while she says the conversation. Or we would go in person and I'd hold her hand in person. Yes. Thank You Ally. Okay. You accidentally send a screenshot of the conversation to the person you were gossiping about. How do you play it off? Ooh. Have you guys never done that? You done that? You No. Oh my God. I have, I've never done that. Have you done it multiple times Or just once in, in college. I was talking shit about the guy that I was seeing and I was like texting my friend and I was sunbathing. I was at Boston University, I remember exactly where I was laying.


I was in my little bikini and it was so bright out and I was holding my phone up, texting, and I was talking to this hockey player, couldn't see. He was so dumb. And I was just like so open. And you texted it to him. I screenshotted it, send it to him, being like, hockey player wants me to go on his boat later. Like, I'm gonna have to have like a couple drinks together. And it went to him. And Then what he, what was his response was he like, he, Well see now you can unsend. That's true. So we're in a good era. So for That now we're fine. So now we're good. And Guys, I literally responded, I'm pretty sure like, first I called my mom screaming like, I, you guys, I am under the sun. I realized I do it. And I'm pretty sure he responded like LOL at first, which is like actually, yeah, that's kind of, he Thinking like, oh, that's funny.


So dumb. This is a funny joke, right? Yeah. It shows how you're Like, shows the house not smart. You're like, I am hilarious. Yes. No. And then I was like, LOL. I'm just kidding. Like, I just can't decide if I want come. Like what are you thinking? Good job. My, you guys Did he, did he roll with it? He completely rolled with it. Wow. Saw later that night. Oh, but that says even more. You Did start the conversation saying he wasn't smart. So Like completely. Also, why did I go? I don't know. I was bored. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. That's fair. I think it was an ego thing where I was like, I have to see this man to like make sure that he actually forgave me. Like this is insane. That he doesn't recognize that I was completely should, should him Doing a date. I, I would be more likely for sure to do something like that. Yeah. 100%. It would be all more Way. You would Way over for hundred Percent.


Like I'm actually surprised it hasn't happened. But it hasn't or twice Hasn't. 'cause you're just like, you're gonna do some like clumsy shit where you're like, how did I get in this situation? C Text clum Like, hello, you're on the wrong group chat. And it's like, oh shit. Yeah. There will be times where I'll like sidebar chat to her and I'll be like, just so you know, you're talking in a way that if this leads to more, this is, you're in the wrong Track. This, you're in the wrong, we're on the wrong track here. Yeah. And she'll be like, oh, thank You. Totally. Thank you. So, yeah, that is kind of like younger sister energy though. Like the correction officer. I called my sister and I'm like, are you okay? And she's like, what? And I'm like, why are you sending that to the family group chat? We were just texting And Funny. That's funny. She's like, oh my gosh. I don't know. Like, yeah. I'm kind of, that's funny. I'm That is, yeah. That, that, that does track his younger sister.


It is, it is. It's like we, we know everything. Like stay like. Exactly. Okay. Do you guys ever go on double dates? Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, with our people now. With our guys. Our guys now, I don't think in the past have we ever really done that in the past? I'm trying to think. Before Steven And Josh? No, I Don't think so. I don't think so. That's become more of an adult. Like Yeah. It's been like three wheeling where it's like two people on a date and then I'm like, Hey, I'm here hanging with you, having lunch. You know? Or if I That's true. Yeah. That's happened. Let's talk about Steven and Josh. Steven and Josh. So serious. Aly, you met your husband when you were in your early twenties. Yeah. What made him stand out to you? I don't know. I just got a vibe. Like, this guy is just different. Like he's really deep, he's very mature.


He is just like tapped into something. Where'd you guys meet? We, we met on a set. Oh, he was the dp and I was the like lead actor in this like really tiny little indie. Oh. And I don't know, like I just picked up this energy from him that like, just instantly I was kinda like, this guy is like, I'm like safe with this guy. Like I can really be myself around him. And he's like artistic and he really cares about this project. Yeah. And how he's talking about it and how he is on set. He has very much like a leadership kind of energy, even though he was very young and it was the first movie that he was, you know, a DP on.


So, I don't know, it was just like, it was a meant to be thing. And at the time I was seeing a guy that I was in like, I call it like a kept relationship. He was like, I couldn't get out. It was just like, he was a guy who was older than me. A kept relat that I had relationship like that. I had lost my virginity to, to be completely honest. And I was like, girl, we gotta get rid of. And I was like, I'm good. Like it's, it's all good. Like this is a sweet memory and moment, but like, we're we're done. You did break up. And he like, and he was like, got you back. He, I made you a woman. Like bad. He said that He did Is cringe. No, it's cringe. It's really cringe. We know. How long were you together with him? Like a year. Year and a, like a year and a half. Yeah. I made, ugh. I know, I know. You did.


Well she, you had an okay friendship with him in the beginning. In the beginning. In the beginning. It's someone that should have always been like a guy friend. Oh yes. Like never should have dated a Hundred percent. We, for a man to say that he made you a woman, I will kill you. I, No, I know. I know. And now it's gross. But the fact that I was like kind of chill, like almost kinda like a bro. Like yeah, this is nice. Like whatever. Like who cares? I lost my virginity to you. It's like not that big of a deal. Something So Sentimental. He like had it in his diary. Like he was, It was very much a big deal. Like, wow, I'm excited about This. We How did you end a relationship with him? 'cause that's hard, like, to be like someone that's clearly He was more into it than you. Yeah. It was, you called it a kept relationship. Sweet. Yes, I know, I know. I mean, you Did end it. And then remember he like convinced you to Stay in it. To stay in it. So I, like, we had broken up.


It was not, not good. And then we got back together and then I'm on this movie, like hanging out, you know, shooting in Sequoia National Park. We're all, we're all staying in these cabins at the base of the mountains. So like, after we would wrap, we all would eat dinner together and hang out. There's One out and like run lines or whatever. And I just remember like essentially like talking shit about him to people being like, I don't know, I'm like, I'm in this relationship, but like, I gotta get out of it. Like, you know, at this time it was like, what? It was like November, beginning of November. So I was probably thinking like, you know, I'm gonna try to wrap, wrap this up and, and be on my way. But I knew that I had, I had agreed to do a movie that he was directing that was next. It Was the next film In.


So I had to do this next movie with him as a director. And I broke up, I broke up with him dear at the beginning of the movie. I was so brutal. But then had to be in it, But had to be in it Directed by Him. Yeah. And he would be kind of trying to be like, no, like we can make this work. And I was like, we're done. I, I really don't wanna do this. We, you're So Strong For that. It was brutal. It was not, I do not recommend doing that. I recommend just bailing outta the movie and not doing the movie. True. But also that's like your career where you're like, yeah. Like, do I do it or That's tough. Yeah, it wasn't great. We, that's also like ladies listening. I have in bed in that situation before, when you try to break up with someone, anyone, whatever, gender, and they don't let go gender, We literally won't let you And they won't let you. That means it's really bad. Run, run out. It's kinda Like firing.


It's kinda like firing someone that's like, you're not, yeah, you're not doing This. I'm not leaving. What? Why would You want me now? Like if I'm firing you, You're not like, no, that's normal. Like, there'll be like ups and downs. Like sometimes like you'll be, you'll be in and out of love. I'm like, nah, nah, that Ain't how it works. This is Not right. No. When someone doesn't want you, listen to them and leave. Yes. Believe them. Oh my God. Okay. Wait, so when you met Ally's husband, like were you immediate? You like, No, in the beginning I was like, I think She was a little judgmental. Like hated there's Some not, There's some crossover that's happening here. I was a little Judgy, I'm not gonna lie. Okay. Even though I knew Aly was gonna get out of it, I was like, you should have gotten out of it like six months ago. And then you'd be like, free and clear, but whatever. But then course he turned Into my husband, you know?


True. He turned into the husband. So I'm happy. Loves about for you. And he's literally become like my brother. Like I love him and I have so much respect for him as a husband and a dad. Like to watch him as a father. Like it's really beautiful. Oh. But in the beginning I was like, I don't know about this guy. Why? Like, he was really shy. He was really quiet. I don't, don't do great with quiet people except for like the, when I was translating, except she's a translator. But like in general, like, I'm like, come on, like let's go. Like let's have a conversation. Like I've got a really lovely personality and he was just very quiet. He's like an intellectual. He's very, he's super grounded, super smart. And I think I felt maybe like a little like, okay, here's this like Ivy League guy. I'm not gonna be able to like carry a conversation with him. He's probably smarter than me. Like I think I was intimidated Actually.


I get that. And again, back to what we were saying with sisters, it's like you're protective. You're so protective and you have to look for her blind spots. Yes. Like that's how I am with my sister. Like she's dating right now. And I'm like, no, what is going on? And what is like, 'cause I'm just like, I want the best for her. So naturally it is your job almost to be like, I don't like you until you prove that I should like you. Yes. And then he did. And I was like, I love him. Although two years later when he proposed, I like stopped. Oh yeah. And you knew before. Yeah. I got so not because I wasn't happy for Aly, I literally felt like, I'm like, I'm gonna lose my sister. I think, no, that's like, I had this weird unrealistic idea that a marriage meant that the, that then the sisterhood would over. Yeah. Like I literally went up, we were living together in Laurel Canyon and we were sharing a place and I went upstairs.


I lived in the top loft and I like closed my closet door and I sobbed. I was so happy for her. But at the same time I was like, I'm literally gonna lose my sister. And it didn't happen at all. Of course here we are. Yeah. Here we are. Wait, do you think that's really relatable? Like, I've talked about this with my siblings, especially like around the holiday season, you get to spend more time with your family and it is kind of like sad when you start to get older and adult and do all the things that adults should be doing and your core family starts to expand. And it's like now you are creating your own families. Right. And your Own memories and traditions And, and it's so sad but exciting. But I relate to that a lot of like as we are all growing older, you're like, wait, I wanna hold onto my siblings and what we had in our core.


Don't grow up and don't leave me. Yeah. But really it's more just like there's now more memories and there's more fun. There's more people add To it. You mourn that nothing dies. No, but I get why you would freak out. 'cause like I am the same way. Well, You're gonna on the wedding night, like God bless our dad. But like he, we were doing like a dance even though it was a father-daughter dance later down the road. It wasn't my father-daughter dance. You had had yours. But I was like later dancing with dad and I was like, this is a really sweet moment. And dad goes, honey, how are you doing? And I was like, I'm really happy for them. Like I feel really good about this. And he was like, that's awesome. You know what, you lost a sister but you gained a brother. And I was like, what the, huh? I mean it's insane. And it was everything I had cried about. Literally. That's true. He didn't mean my dad, just our dad talks like that.


Yeah. He and I was like, huh. You're like, wait, come Again. You're like, dad, this is, I've mentally unwell for un the Past four years. Yes. Unwell. But this is also the same man. Love you dad. Shout out to dad and mom. Great people. This is also the same man who like lost his father a few years ago and Steven never gotta meet him. Our grandpa. Oh. And literally at the funeral told Steven I wasn't at the funeral 'cause I was working in Vancouver at the funeral. Told Steven, I want you to meet my dad. And he was dead in the captain, but he's in the like, that's like, we're, you know what I mean? Just we're not, we're not totally, yeah. Like that verbiage is interesting. It's just interesting. Yeah. You're like, dad, I Want you to meet my dad. It's no's no shake his hand. Yeah. And I dunno how. Wait, you were there to witness it.


Was there were you, I you said that Steven handled it as, as Steven handled it. Steven did so well. He was like, okay, mark Steven's like Mark. He's like, it's hard to meet you. I'm gonna meet your dad and we're gonna hit it off over here. Yes. Stare At the open casket. But Dads can say some really Black Stuff. It's un you're like whoa. The more and more they get older. Yeah. Dads. Yeah. You have to smile. Yeah. My dad has been saying some ccra Love you dad. Some crazy shit lately. I'm like, huh. Love you dad. Love You Dad. You gotta just laugh. Happy holiday. Happy holidays. Happy holidays. You're all insane. Yeah. Okay. AJ, you have a Boyfriend? I do. It's been six years. Yeah. Six. How did you guys meet? We Met at a film festival in Napa.


Oh yeah. Bougie Aly and I, I know it was actually Bou Aly and I had made a film with her husband that had gone to the Napa Valley Film Festival love. And he had produced and starred in a short film that was shortlisted for an Oscar that year that was also premiering at the film festival. Oh wow. And it was an amazing short film. And him and I met and like there was like a spark, but at the time he was with his girlfriend there and I was dating someone in Canada Classic. I loved long distance for a while, which was just really, He was really on that kick. And, and I just was like, gosh, I'm gonna know this guy for a while and I don't know how or why and it's gonna happen at some point. But I remember he was wearing this like lumberjack red black flannel and I was just like, sexy, this guy is hot. And he's like salt of the earth vibes.


And then down the road a year later he was single. I was single and we connected on Instagram And we needed somebody in the music, in our video to partake me video. I ha To Be our video Be victim video in our, in our video. 'cause we were playing vampires and, and and he like you And you were like, I was like, can we kill you in video? He's really hot. He should be in the video. Like, let's have him in. Yeah. What was your first impression? How did you meet him? When did you meet him? I met him at, at the Festival? Yeah. I think he's With you because maybe was there like a, did we do a panel? A panel or something together? Yeah, I think, yeah. Yeah, I think so. And then, and then we did the, the video shoot and he was like super down and then we had a couple girlfriends come and also be victims and they were like down to just kind of like hang out for the day. When they started dating, were you protective or No?


I don't Know. What do you feel like? I feel like because you already had Steven in play for such a good chunk of your life. Right? Right. You've lost some of that. Yeah. Because you are set and you're like, sure she's got this. Yeah. I think maybe when I AJ was younger I was more protective or more like, who is this guy? Like Yeah. What are you after? Are you a actually a loser and you're just like hiding it really well? Yep. But, but I feel like I've always been on like good terms with most of the guys that you've dated. I feel like you have to like kind of a friendly banter. Yeah. You maybe not as much where you've been been like friends with my ex. True. In a way. I've been more judgmental about who she's dated than the other way around. Yeah. You Which again, maybe is the little younger Sister then. Oh, me too. I'm right. You're a fucking loser. You don't deserve my sister. My sister's like Alex down.


I've gone on down two dates with this man and you calm down. Just ran into him on the street in New York. This wasn't even a planned meeting. I'm like, back off My sister. Like, Like what? Okay. I'm like, yeah, that's a nightmare to have me. Your parents are divorced, right? Yeah. How do you guys think they're divorced? Informed how you approached your romantic relationships in your adult lives? If I'm gonna speak for AJ, I think that Oh, oh, oh No, that's fine. Don, Don't speak for you. Speak for me. I think, I mean we, we kind of do in general. No, we speak for each other. It's like maybe a bad habit, but I, I think that AJ as the little sister vibes was more like heartbroken by Yeah. I took it really bad shatter and took it really bad. What Age did they get Divorced? 21. 19 and 21. Okay.


Yeah. Okay. 1921. So like, in a way you're old enough to know exactly what happened. All the details. Like I, I think there's a, there's a positive and a negative to it, but I think for us I was shattered. It helped that I was on a TV show and I was living by myself alone for the first time out in Vancouver. Oh yeah. And so I was just focused on that. And you were like left at home to be at home with my mom. Still all of us at that point were living together. And you were kind of mourning the divorce a little bit with her. So I think in a weird way That's a good point. You like carried some of that trauma with you where I was kinda like, bye. I'm off shooting the show for eight, nine months. Yeah. Like you Were and I came home. But when you wrapped we ended up living together. We lived with our mom while she kind of dealt with getting her life back together after the divorce.


Yeah. Like we, it would ended up being like a home of three women. Like we Kind of, yeah. It was like three's company, but just, just ladies. Yeah. No, that kind of stuff like I know can, like you're right. Affects people in different ways. Literally down to like logistically where you were at in the middle of your parents getting divorced can play such a role in like how it genuinely affected you. 'cause you got to be essentially removed. Correct. Yeah. That's a good point. Did you notice anything with like, how that affected when you started to like engage in romantic relationships? There was infidelity with what happened. We're actually like super close with both parents and I was able to forgive our father and like, I actually feel like we're in a great place now. But at the time it was really hard for me. Yeah. And I think when I was dating people, I immediately had this trigger that like, they're gonna cheat on.


Yep. Like they're gonna Right. Like, because how could that happen after 23 years of marriage? Like I feel bad talking about it 'cause I love my dad, but like, it really was one of those things that became a trigger point that like didn't really need to be there. Like, no one needs to be assuming you're being cheated on. Nobody just feel like you've seen it now so you're like, it's gonna happen. It's, it's more possible. It's horrible. I also think like that's such an interesting dynamic. 'cause I could be sitting here with someone that had their parents get divorced when they were like six and it fucked them up. Right. Right. But I, it is interesting hearing you guys talk about, 'cause I know this is a very, very, very relatable topic, which like, I have a friend that has a similar situation to you guys with your parents when you are that age and you're very deep and about to begin to explore your romantic adult relationships.


Yeah. To have a foundation that was like pretty, it seems like pretty solid. Yeah. Solid. Yeah. For your whole very Well people were would be shocked, you know, to find out. To find out like, wait, what? The maka family, they're, they broke up. So your reality was so like disrupted. Yes. I can imagine that. Yes. Like then you're like, we, if I can't trust like my dad, then I can't trust anyone, any of these men. When really, again, it's like they're doing this for the first time too and that's their relationship or whatever. But a hundred percent affects you. It does girls. But I don't Think It's like, or at least I didn't feel like it turned me off from marriage or not believing a marriage for whatever reason. No, No, I agree. I think we still like believed in the idea of it. And, and I don't know, I think we always felt like, okay, there is a, there is a, a chance that you can actually have a successful marriage.


Yeah. In this day and age. You just gotta really work on it. And I think if I'm They stopped Working on It. Yeah. They stopped working on it. If I'm gonna be the, the little Yoda that I am In my heart, bring it. Bring it. Here we go. That I'm in my heart. I love it. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I love you. You, I'm Joking. But I do love Yoda actually. The child really Is. Yeah. The child. We love Rogo. I think that not working on the relationship between the mom and dad, like is is the whole end of the marriage because everything was poured into me and AJ and that was almost like a scapegoat. And then it was like, oh, we don't work on ourselves. We're not gonna be in therapy. We're not gonna do these things. We're not gonna make sure that you are flown out on tour every, you know, two and a half weeks while instead Mom is' gonna pride ourselves being the parents that were really there for the two kids in The industry.


But then it's like, but then your guys' a apart, which then affects us. Do know what I mean? Right. That's interesting. I saw someone recently talking about when people just become their identity as being a mother or a father, it's like, you can't just be one thing. Like what's your identity to yourself? What's your identity to your partner? And that's how you lose yourself if you are just one. Yeah. I wonder like, obviously how old is your child? He's, he'll be eight months. I mean, I guess when he's, when we, when this is out, like he'll be, oh my god. You know, almost nine. Almost. Oh my God. Yeah. How has like that concept of like recognizing, still needing to pour 'cause you're in the thick of it right now. Yeah, totally. Like you've got basically a newborn.


Yeah. How have you tried to like, work with your partner to make sure you guys are good, even in the excitement of having like Right. A new child and that's all you wanna talk about. Well, I think, I think making moments where it can be the two of us, or even if like our kid is around, it's like, okay, well he's like asleep right now, but we can still kind of have like a little date night and go out dinner and put him in his little stroller and like, it can still be romantic or we can put a movie on or we can get away to our favorite place in Big Sur. And it can be not just all about the kid. Yeah. You know. No, Your son is so adorable. Like when you he was at tour, I was literally like, this is The most like, calm baby. I literally walk into your dressing room. He's here. He here, he Here. Yeah. You can see him. I see him after. Yeah.


Yeah. Yeah. He's in a little, he's not in a matching. We couldn't get miniature, but he's in a Little But you wanna try? You wanna try? Yeah, we did. No, I'm obsessed. The me team was like, we Can't get that turned Around. Please calm down. You're like, okay, fine. Okay. Sorry. Okay. Before we're gonna go through now I wanna do new music and we're gonna play one last game because I think it's fun. Okay. Because Sister Dynamic,


This is an advertisement from Better Help. I cannot express how much of a Game Changer Therapy has been for me over the past few years. I would not be anywhere near where I am today without it. Going on a therapy journey gave me the tools I needed to set healthy boundaries, practice clear communication, and end the unhealthy habits that were holding me back. Setting aside time to focus on yourself is so crucial for Personal Growth and Daddy Gang. You do not have to do it alone. In a society that glorifies being extremely independent, it's so easy for us to forget that we are so much better when we have a support system. Therapy can be that amazing source of support you're looking for in any area of your life. Whether you are working on finding balance or you're goal setting, or you're trying to break toxic patterns, it all just gets so much easier when you ask for help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Health can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. This month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing is worth it, so don't miss it. For a limited time visit better help.com/daddy to get 90% off your first week. That's better. Help HEL p.com/daddy.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. Tinder is back and it's easier than ever to put yourself out there. Whether you're looking for a date, maybe just a vibe or someone to send unhinged memes to. Real connections happen here every day. A new relationship starts on Tinder. Every three seconds. Tinder gives you the freedom to meet people your way. If you've been waiting for a sign, this is it, Daddy Gang. Explore all the possibilities for yourself. Tinder. It starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today.


Okay. Ready? Who is the more bougie one between the two of you? Who likes the nicer stuff? Me? I Don't know. Maybe, maybe AJ. She'll splurge on more like, like a skincare thing or like doing like, like nail nails. Skin is beautiful. Nail. Thank you. Facial mean massages. Massage. Oh yeah. The spa. The spa. We both love a spa, but I, I tend to like maybe do it a little too much. I was gonna say is that Much The most, like what is the luxury thing? You can't live without the spa. Yeah. Facials. Every like Three weeks. Well, it's paying off. Like thank literally AJ does. You have really sweet. Oh my. You do. It's amazing. Did you ever have bad skin? Like as a, as a Teen? Yes. Did you? Oh my God, yes. So like, I will take all the compliments. No. Oh my God. You guys. I had like full Accutane when I was younger. Oh wow.


Really? But it was just like very hormonal and then like, I got over it and Then it was gone. Wow. And now like, here we are glowing facials. Okay. Who is more likely to take a secret to the grave? Me. Probably AJ. Yeah, AJ. Yeah. You just smiled so bigj. I was like, come on AJ. You're like, give It to me. Although, yeah, that is true. AJ. AJ, I'm like, come on bitch. It's me. But, but I'm pretty good at keeping a secret. No, you are, but with each other. Like, like got it to the grave together. Do you know what I mean? Love. That's not to the grave, that's not I know, but it's like, it has to be between the two of us. Who is more likely to pick a fight between the two of you? I mean, we both can pick a fight with each other pretty like quickly. Pretty quickly. If it's the right subject matter.


Ooh. You have the right saying. If it's like we're disagreeing on something, like how something was handled. Like AJ will be like, you had a bunch of typos in this one business email. I'm like, who cares? Yeah. I'll Correct whatever A correction officer like, She's like, she will, she's like, you're, you're, you're writing an email, like you're texting, you know, like your Whatever. I'm like, spy this ISN isn't good for our business. I'm like, okay. I'm like, sorry, like that. You know? But that's not Even a fight. But it's not, I usually start something sooner I feel Like, than you do. That's probably true. Yeah. AJ's maybe a little more fiery. Love. If you had to say, what is your biggest pet peeve about each other? Hmm. I just like start a full fight between full Fight when you guys on the plane on this podcast. Oh my gosh, I have it. Wow. Oh wow. Aly started doing this in the last like year very consistently. I actually don't think I have address it with you.


I'm scared. Oh my God. Where she'll go. Maybe you could do that. Like, Yeah, you're right. It's me. It's me being like, she, She'll start a sentence that she's asking you to do something, but instead it's like, maybe you could get that bottle like, for Jack. Or like, maybe you could get that. That's true. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know how you word it exactly. I think it starts with maybe you could Oh, interesting. And it's like a Oh, you want me to like, you Want me to, or I could maybe Do it. Ask me the question and I'll Do it. Okay. So I should just be asking the question. Yes. Or just be Like, get me this. Can't Stand it. Get me this, Get me this. I mean, I'd rather you just say like, do that, that get the burp cloth. Maybe you could, could Maybe you could. Oh, Interesting. Oh, that's infuriating. That's that drives me funny. That drives me. That's a good one. Drives me insane. That is a great One. Okay. Your turn. Ooh, AJ. Hmm.


Okay. I, we both are OCD and we know this about each other, but AJ loves to reorganize an area that I've already kind of pre tried to organize knowing that AJ doesn't like something moved. That's true. Like the shoes or something. I'm like, okay, she'll like it at this corner. Love things line up. Perfect. It's like moved and it's, the shoes are just in a different corner, but they're still, they're still on the ground. And You're like, I literally cleaned four years. I'm like, I've cleaned for the OCD. Like, just trying to get ahead of it. But that's OCD. You can't, it's the beauty. It has to be your way. You have, you know what I mean? Yes. Your way might, doesn't make any damn sense, but it's your way. Even If you move, there's logical. Yep. Nothing logical. Logical. It's like this pile of Clothes. You're lucky I did not reorganize this Bookshelf. I can't imagine. It's actually perfect. You're feeling in this room. It's only in my own space. That's, that makes me feel good.


It's never someone else is. Who is the first to usually apologize if you guys are coming back from a fight? Probably AJ. Yeah. Aly. I don't even remember the last time you said, I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm not good at saying this. She does not apologize. Yeah, that's true. Okay. No, you, but you're, you said you're usually lightly starting it and then you're ending it. Yes. Love that. For you closers. True. You guys new music. Okay, we're here. Let's talk about it. You have a new album coming out and a single Yeah. The single is coming out on January 10th. 10th. Love. What is it called? What it Feels like. We were supposed to do that at the same time, but it's fine. It's All right. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do it again. Ready? Okay. What is it called? What It feels, what it feels like. Wait, fuck. And 5, 6, 7, 8.


What it feels like feels Gorgeous. Gorgeous. Okay. Talk to me about this album. What is the inspiration behind the music? I mean, this record feels like it's never been more us obviously every single album you're hoping to achieve, you know, that 10% better Right. Each time. Just like you would with like each, you know, season of the show. Yeah. But I do feel like we've really stepped into like our womanhood on this album. And I think part of that is, is I think just seeing that this music has been so informed by our live show and touring and playing songs to a live audience and with our band that we've now been playing with for a few years has really helped us identify, okay, this is the kind of music we want to put on a record and what we wanna then go out and tour.


So I think it's looking at it from like the live show is the, the top of the pyramid and how do we get to the live show? And I think a lot of this music was created with people that we felt really safe with and was while I was like heavily pregnant. I mean, I guess we started writing it right before I got pregnant. Yeah. And then really the whole making of this album has been either me pregnant and then delivering. And then album is finished and delivered itself. Oh My God. It's weird. Yes. Her water broke in like day two of like pre-production. Pre-production At Her house. Yeah. At my, yeah. In the guest room. Wait at like 6:00 AM that's kind of like beautiful. I was texting with Steven was, it was very, it was very, he was like, what's going on in there?


He's like, I think her water broke. I was like, what? We just started And then I got really nervous thinking OCDI was like, she's gonna be pissed 'cause this water is on her bed and on the ground. Not when it's like, no, Not that bad. Your child. I know, I know. Although that is pretty funny. All is like clean up clean. I was like, clean it up. Get the, get the rags. We, that's funny. Oh my God. We, okay. So how long was the writing process of this elbow? The writing was finished. So the writing was this point. I would say the writing took a solid year. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Before We really were ready to be like, these are the 15 songs we wanna record. We're very like, About like, just about maybe under, maybe just under a year. Yeah. This is a hard question. What is your favorite song off the album? That's hard. I'm so happy with this record.


But I really think my number one is Michael Song. We wrote it about a really dear friend of ours that we had worked with in the industry for years and he passed away last year. Yeah. And we were like, we have to write about this. And we were on tour, we were on tour during the funeral. We weren't able to come. Our parents came on behalf of us, which was really sweet. We're really close to his daughter and his wife. Yeah. Literally like a long standing member of the Alley Agent team. It's like the longest running team member Yeah. For us. Like, you know, so it was like years. He was our business manager for years. It was was almost like a father figure. Oh. You know? So it was very hard to come to terms with it. And then we, we felt like this could be a song, you know? Yeah. And it's so specific. Like when you listen to the song and you read the lyrics, you're like, oh, this is, this is very Specifically about, it's the, like, the very last time we saw him.


Yeah. And not knowing of course, that it would be the Last time that was like our last dinner. But I feel like that's such a powerful message because everyone has experienced grief. So they'll be able to like transport themselves probably when they're like, the last time they saw whoever it was to them that they lost and they, what is your favorite? Honestly, it's kind of a tie between two and I think it's because it has to do with my son. And then the fact that I was leaving Laurel Canyon to then live in Santa Barbara. Like you wrote the song about. Yeah. And I wrote, I basically wrote this song with AJ about like, moving into this new house and this new space and it not feeling like a home. Oh. And feeling like I was kind of like summoning it to be this, this place that I felt welcomed in.


Mm. And not, not like it had like bad juju or vibes. I just was like, this isn't perfect and this isn't right and I wanna change out this doorknob. And my husband was just like, okay. And I'm like pregnant and like nesting and I'm just like frantic, like, fix this. This needs to be fixed. And it just, and and I was like, you know what? This would be a good song. Like willing this to happen and to make this space a, a home. And I really love AJ's the way she sings the bridge on, on that song. And the song is called, I Don't Know What It Is. And, and I, I think that song just whenever I listen to it, it's almost kind of healing because I'm finally at a place where the home doesn't feel like a shell. Yeah. Like a shell. It feels like, oh, this is a place that has good memories and I associate like my birth.


Right. And I birthed in this living room right here. Yeah. And this is, this wasn't traumatic. This was all kind of what I hoped it would be. Oh. So that's Beautiful. Yeah. So I think it's like the, the, the end story of it is really great, but it was very much me struggling to find my identity within the home. And then the other song that's like maybe equal to that is this song called Dandelions, which is about Jack. And we kind of wrote this pre him being Yeah. Born, which is crazy. Oh. So it was like knowing he Was coming. Yeah. Knowing he was coming and that we wanted him to like have this message of hope and like whatever dreams we're not able to reach, he is more than capable of reaching them himself. You know? That is, and Hopefully each generation reaches more. Yeah. Oh my God, how crazy and cool that you guys, like one day, like your son will get to watch you perform a song about him live and listen to it and have it forever.


Like that's such a beautiful gift that, I mean, that is the power of songwriting. Yeah. Like it really is. I think the other thing about specifically songwriting, and it's funny because I'm learning constantly about music. We've actually already written, but I'm learning new things about after the fact, what we've written after the fact. Like to me when a song takes on a new life, but it had a different meaning when you wrote it. Yes. Like, I don't know what it is now. When I listen to that song and I picture your home, which you've now created from the ground up as like a beautiful nest, I'm like, whoa, this is so different than how we came at this song. Writing it thinking we're splitting up his sisters. We're no longer gonna live in the canyon by each other. We're like, what are we doing? We're gonna be torn apart. And it's like, no, we're just shifting into other parts of our life. It's Chapter right now.


That song is like shows your growth. Yes. Because you're like, now your house is a home and now you're so happy. And now you what? I love how songwriting teaches you something. Yeah. But you wrote it like true and true. A year later you're listening to it differently. It's kind of prophetic in a way that's really Cool How songwriting is. It is. And I think with this record, there was so much like feminine energy around it. And I think part of that was me being pregnant. Yeah. But then part of that was us just going through the growing pains of like, we are getting older and we don't live down the street from each other and we this like, we aren't living in our childhood really anymore. We're, we're out of that phase and We're not in our twenties anymore. Which we just got reminded by an executive. Yeah. Yeah. Literally stop. No, We went to have a meeting like, I'm not kidding, like a label meeting.


Literally like last week the, The note was like, we love the record, we think it's amazing, but like, we're not here to break women in their thirties. Like, we're here to break pop circle in Their twenties. I was like, so we need to be like 21 or something was like, I was like, I'm 35 or I Was Likem 33. I was like, we're still young as hell. And I was like, now I'm reminded that we're not, somehow After the meeting she was like, I'm sorry, I just, I have to kind of like, like not after the meeting had process, after we had heard that it was a no. So it was like, you know, we did the meeting and then it was like, you know, whatever it was two days later it was like, oh, a call's coming. You know, and we're kind of going, okay, well I want, I hope it's like positive. Right. And then that was the feedback and Adrian's like, I just need to sit with this for a minute. That Is, yeah. Because I'm like, I've never even thought of myself as not being in the zeitgeist stuff. Right, right. And You're also like, is the music good or no? Right. Like what does it have to do with how old I am?


I know. And it's like, how many times do you think they've said that to a man? Probably never. Never. Yeah. I'm not trying to break a What I know. I know, I know. And also like, we're not horses. Totally. Like, you don't need to break us. Totally. And we've broken and You know what I mean? I think part of it was besides, you know, like you said, the, the, yeah. The fact that it's maybe not ideal age for breaking a, an artist, whatever in the music industry. I think part of it was also like the album was completed and done. They couldn't meddle and change stuff because it Was finished. It's Finished because it's finished. It's not like, Hey, here's some demos. And they're like, oh yes, we love track one. Yeah, no to two, three and six. Change this sound and this. And Then you're like, no. And they were like, you know, and we wouldn't maybe go down this route like sonically for you.


I'm like, like us playing music and writing the music. Like, what, what do you mean? Oh my god. It's wild. So it was though a blessing that you guys just did it on and you don't wanna work with someone that doesn't wanna like, doesn't want you in the way you are exactly at right now. Exactly. Clearly you guys said you have other records that you never put out. This feels right to you. Yeah. So go with What goes Right. It it's, it's, it's a message that that is very pure and what it is. Yeah. There's no like gimmick behind it. So they're not like, oh I can like, it's Harder to sell. Sometimes It's harder to sell something. 'cause they're like, what's the shtick? And it's like, but just, we're sisters. We play music, we write, we've been doing this since you were young. But I think that's like the best part about you guys. Like I have to say, growing up and listening to you guys, you have such incredible voices.


But hearing you perform live at my tour, I remember like pinching my best friend Lauren being like, their voices are so beautiful. Like literally you guys have like such incredible voices. Thank you. And what I appreciate about you guys and about this album is actually more like that. It is real. It is obvious when people have not written their music and when they're told to wear the certain thing and look the certain way, just kind of like you guys are describing, you would go into meetings and you feel people trying to shift and mold you into something that you're not. Right. And I think if people are looking for something in their life music wise, it's actually going to connect them to the real shit that they're going through. Yeah. This is more of the album.


I think like people right now are more interested in than maybe who knows. No, but sure you could love pop, but like, I really think that you guys are connecting to something that people are loving, which is authenticity. So it's Exactly what you're showing. Yeah. I love it. And I, and I feel like people's gravitate towards that. You know, I, people are searching for that. That's why this show works. Like it's authentic speaking to the truth of how women you talk and how women feel and how we communicate with their best. But you knew that was a missing piece. Yes. Yeah. It wasn't really going on. I think it's so exciting to see you guys like back at it. And I think it also is such a testament to like your ability to be critical of yourselves, to be like, we didn't put out certain albums because it didn't feel right and we weren't ourselves.


And so the fact that like this is all you, this was done at a very incredible, vulnerable, emotional time in both of your lives. Like I think that the world is gonna be so, so, so excited to hear it and they're gonna love it. So I'm so excited for you guys. Thank you. Thanks. You are so lovely as human beings, I know we haven't spent that much time together, but like I feel like I now know you guys enough to be like, yeah, you guys are real ones. So thank you so much for taking the time. Thank you. During the holidays and coming and sitting down with me. You guys are the best. Happy New Year. Thank you. Happy you guys. You could be. You could be a little Si. Oh, I'm putting it on. We look like We're the youngest sister. You're the Youngest. I'm coming. I'm coming in. I'm gonna put it on. Love you. Love you Love.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Hi, this is Steve Busi. You know the actor. Well now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work entertainment and campsite media in association with Olive Productions. Comes big time an Apple Original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who isn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, who steals bees? I was duped. I shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen. On Apple podcasts,


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.