
What is up Daddy Gang. it is your founding father Alex Cooper With Call Her. Daddy, Daddy. Daddy, daddy, Daddy, Gang. Has anyone ever studied abroad? Maybe you have hopes of studying abroad. Maybe you are planning a trip to a new country with a few friends to study abroad. Picture this, you board a flight your junior year of college excited to spend a semester in a picturesque Italian town. You find a room in a beautiful hillside home. You have three roommates who you enjoy spending time with.


And to top it all off, you meet an Italian boy named Rafael who is head over heels. For you. It's a dream come true after a romantic evening with your new boyfriend, you head home to shower and change. But when you get there, you discover the front door of your house is wide open. Something is wrong. The police show up. And when they kick down the door to your roommate's bedroom, they find a body. How would you act? What would you say? Police are everywhere yelling in Italian, and you have absolutely no idea what is going on.


You are confused. Whose body is inside? Are they dead? Am I in danger? Does anyone speak English? The body inside is your murdered roommate, Meredith Kercher. And you are the prime suspect. This is a true story. This is Amanda Knox's story. On November 2nd, 2007, Amanda's roommate Meredith Kercher was found brutally murdered. Amanda and Meredith were random roommates. They were friends but had known each other for about six weeks. But the media had their own story. They wanted to spin Amanda. Knox was a beautiful blue-eyed, normal college student from Seattle.


She could have been you. She could have been any of us international tabloids exploited Amanda's good looks and manufactured a story that Amanda had murdered Meredith in a Satanic sex game. Gone wrong. This made no sense, but it sold newspapers. A man's semen was found inside Meredith Kutcher's body. His name was Rudy. Gday all evidence pointed to Rudy. But imagining Amanda and Meredith involved in a sex ritual gone wrong, appealed more to the media and police.


And despite the fact that this made no sense, this is a story they told and the story you probably know. Headlines plastered across the world. Sex crazed, fem fatal. She devil, foxy Noie. They used Amanda's MySpace soccer nickname to sexualize and vilify her. Daddy. Gang. She could have been you. She could have been me. 14 years later, Amanda is still trying to clear her name and I'm honored to do my part to help her tell the true story of what happened in Italy.


Here is Amanda Knox. Hi. Hi, I'm Alex. Nice to meet you. Chris. I'm so excited for you guys to be here. Thank you. Thanks for having, you're oh my God. She's beautiful. Thank you Guys. If you hear a baby, I promise it's not Amanda and it's not me. There is a baby in the room. This is the first time on Call, Her Daddy that we have had someone below the age of like 18. Actually, I thought this would be the perfect podcast to note that like my most recent episode of my podcast Labyrinth is me giving birth and oh my God. I don't know if you've ever heard audio of people giving birth, but it sounds like I'm having the biggest orgasm ever.


The whole final act of the last episode is me just in labor. And let me tell you, going through hours of audio of me going, oh God, oh God, oh God. Like it's Just, oh, oh my God. Did you hold the microphone up to your mouth or like who was holding the mic? Mostly It was my husband Chris, who was, who was taking care of all of that while I was very distracted. Distracted, you know, just like giving birth to your beautiful new baby Daddy Gang. I am sitting with Amanda Knox Thank you for coming. We have, yes, Amanda's husband. And the surprise is that Amanda brought her infant Eureka Muse Knox Robinson. Yes.


Given the recognition surrounding Knox, did you ever consider leaving it out of Eureka's name? I did. And that it's funny, like play, like it's the whole question of like, do I embrace my identity or do I not embrace my identity? and I, I kind of, I've always been a bit stubborn about this, where it's like there's nothing wrong with me. Like the world has sort of acted Like. there was something wrong with me, something wrong with my sexuality above all. And that is, that's not my problem. Like I'm pushing back and I'm trying to say no, it's not my fault. There's nothing wrong with me. Yeah. And therefore my daughter can embrace the fact that I'm her mom.


Even while I'm like trying to protect her from all these forces that are ultimately beyond my control. But I can manage. Did you ever at any point consider changing your name? No. In the same way that I never remotely considered taking a plea deal because I didn't fucking do it. Yeah. And so no, Listen up daddy yang. 'cause we need to talk about sex. I'm sure lots of you listening will agree. It is pretty great, right?


What you might not think is great is the idea of being a mom. Whether it's right now or even ever. And that is okay. What's not okay is not knowing how effective your birth control is. I mean who needs that going through their head when they're in the sack? Did you know there are birth control options out there that are non-AI? Talk to your doctor about all the options available so you can make the right choice for you. That's it from me. Now go take control.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. One for students. I don't know what I spend more money on Uber Eats or Uber rides. I guess I would say I spend more on Uber Eats now. Uber rides more when I was in college. Daddy, Gang, whichever one you personally use more. An Uber one subscription could save you a lot of money. With Uber one, you get $0 delivery fees and up to 10% off Uber Eats orders. And you'll save on Uber rides too. Like earning 6% Uber cash back on all your rides. Plus you'll get free items daily and even more discounts from your favorite brands. Join now and get four weeks free Uber one for students. Save on Uber and Uber Eats. Sign up on Uber or Uber Eats app eligibility and member terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Joy. Ba bubble tea. If you thought bubble tea was just a trend, think again. In fact, now you can have it in the comfort of your own home. I have seen it all over my TikTok page. Ooh, bubble tea. Ooh, ooh, ooh. I'm like, okay, what is this? I need to try it. All of my friends are now drinking it. Joy Ba bubble Tea comes in several delicious fruity flavored tea combinations with popping boba like strawberry lemonade, green tea and mango, passion fruit, green tea. Enjoy your popping boba moment anytime, anywhere with joy. Ba bubble tea. Follow joy ba on Instagram and tiktok@joyb.fun for fun giveaways. And to find a retailer near you,


the story of your life is unbelievable. But let's start at the beginning. According to the New York Times, your friends and your family described young Amanda as naive, goofy, unconventional, harmless, trusting, sheltered, blunt and a little bit of a rebel. Did they get it right? Yeah, that sounds about right. Musical theater freak yoga lover, someone who didn't have a ton of experience in the world, someone who didn't have a ton of experience sexually. I was like, I was pretty sheltered growing up. I was very well-meaning I tried well in school. I tried to, I tried to appease people, but at the same time I had this like streak of, no, I don't have like a pretty girl doesn't have to look like that.


She can look like this. Like I had this sort of like perfectly stereotypically Seattle, which is like Birkenstock granola people. Yep. And How many siblings do you have? I have three younger sisters. Okay. And then your parents divorced when you were younger? Yeah, when I, so I have no memory of my, my actual dad and my actual mom being married. Got it. But I grew up with being a part of their separate households and they, you know, we lived within blocks of my dad. Okay. So like I was back and forth between my mom and dad's house all the time. What was your most serious relationship in high school? So I didn't really have a relationship In high school. Okay. That's okay. I was a late bloomer. No, that's Okay. When did you lose your virginity In college.


So you went to college, close to your hometown, you went to University of Washington. What made you wanna study abroad your junior year of college? So my mom actually grew up like she was born and grew up for a certain amount of time in Germany. and I have, so I have a kind of international family, like I have aunts who live in Germany right now. So I was thinking I wanted to have an international experience. Actually, my, my Oma really wanted me to go study abroad in high school. She wanted me to go live in Germany in high school. and I think my mom was not quite ready to let me go. Oh yeah. So instead it was like everyone acknowledged and accepted that this was a part of like our family experience even because we didn't just grow up in one small town in America.


Like my mom grew up, she's an army brat baby. Got it, got it. And so, got it. She was like, Germany, Texas, blah, blah, blah, all of it. And so I was studying languages in college, I was studying German, I was studying Italian. And because I was actually better at German, I decided that I wanna study in Italy and really like what ultimately like decided it is, I I I applied for programs in both countries and I got accepted to Italy's first. So that ultimately is what brought me to Italy. That and the fact that I didn't know Italian as well as I knew German. Do you think about that a lot And that part of it? No, the thing that really haunts me, the thing that haunts me The most is what if I had never met Rafael LA who was my boyfriend of five days before I was arrested.


If I hadn't met him, I would've been home the night that Meredith was murdered and I could've been murdered as well. So that's the thing that haunts me in my brain and beyond the fact that like, you know, one of the things I really love about this podcast in general is I think it's so, so important to talk about these like, intimate parts of our lives and the intimate parts of my life were first of all like blown way out of proportion and then used to utterly vilify me. And so that aspect of it, like I don't even know where to like pin that down.


Where does that impulse come from to like take a, a young woman's sexuality and turn her into a monster for it? Like that's the other part of it that I'm like, hmm. Because I, I do wanna get into that because it's, yes, I felt sick for you watching them slut shaming you equated to somehow you murdered someone. Yeah. And it like the spiral effect and we're gonna get to it, but it was, it's shocking and I, I can't imagine living it. And so I'm just happy you're here today. Thank, you honestly Me too. Like, it's incredible. So for someone who has never been to Perusia Italy, can you paint the picture of the town you were living in when you got there?


Sure. Okay. So in some ways it's like this totally idyllic Italian like hillside town with its like beautiful church and it's one main street and it's like flea market on Sunday. And like, you know, tons of people just like being super Italian and having like great shoes. And like, it's like a beautiful, beautiful place. These hole in the wall like pubs, And like cafes that like are just so beautiful. And the sunshine, it was like so fucking gorgeous. And the cottage that I was living in was like right on top of the hillside overlooking the valley. There were like fig trees in my garden. Like it was ridiculously beautiful.


It was like the Perfect I, everyone that envisions going abroad, everyone that's listening, you're like, I wanna go abroad for my junior, my sophomore, my freshman year. Like that is like the ideal. Yes. Like you're like, whoa, I made it. And how did you even get that house? So I went to, I visited Perusia shortly before I like moved in and I was like, you know, traipsing around getting my bearings of like, oh, where's the university? I'm gonna be studying out la la and trying to get a sense of the space. And when I was like out front at the university, just kind of like, oh look, here's the university I'm going to. A woman was putting up a, a flyer for a room to rent and I was like, oh, is that nearby? And she was like, yeah, you wanna go check it out? And I was like, yeah.


And so I just wandered over there again like Kismet, like, oh perfect, great. Yay. We can have coffee. Like I had coffee with them, we like ate some figs from the garden. We were like, oh yeah, let's do it. And we just made it like it was there, it was done. It was right like two steps away from the university. It was perfect. Two Perfect, two perfect. What was the biggest, if any, culture shock moment you remember having after getting off the plane and getting to Italy? I was not used to this world of really, really aggressive Italian men, honestly. I was expecting to like come into a space and it being very like under the Tuscan sun kind of romantic feeling.


And instead what I encountered was a lot of like really, really pushy if not like, I had this one moment where a guy offered to give me a ride home from a bar and I was like, oh, okay, thank goodness. 'cause it's dark out. You have a little Vespa, like you can just drop me off at my house. And he was like, yeah, I'd love to do that. And so he drove right past my house, went right to his house and I was like, no, I can we go back there. And he was like, no, no. Just a minute at my house, And like brought me, And like brought me and I got to his house and I was like, no, no, I don't wanna be here. And he was like, no, no, just come inside, meet my friends for a bit. And like, brought me into his apartment and I was like, no, no, I really need to go.


and I didn't even know where I was at this point, right? I was like in the middle of fricking nowhere and I was like, I need you to take me home. And he was like, just come to my bedroom for a little bit. So I like, I sat there on his bed glaring at him being like, take me home. And he was like, just a minute, just a minute. Calm down. You want a beer? And I'm like, no. That was a moment where I was like, okay, this is different than what I'm used to. Do you Feel like, 'cause you sang that honestly, like, do you feel like you were like a little Like don don't know if the word is like uninhibited. Like I feel like I'm, I'm constantly paranoid of like, I don't trust anyone. I can't. And nothing has like happened to me to make me think that But like the thought of getting on a the, the back of a man's bike, I'd be like, I, you idiot.


Right? Like I'd be like, no. Like, do you feel like you had such a, like what made you just didn't even, It never occurred to me that someone would do that to me. Ever. Yeah. Like I was, I was shocked and I was like, no, do you not hear the words that are coming outta my mouth? I wanna go home. You said you would take me home. Like, what are you talking about? So do you feel like you had a lot of trust in people back then? Yes, absolutely. Got it. And were you like calling your family throughout these first few weeks and gushing about how much you loved it? Yeah, so it, it was a little bit difficult because I didn't like, I only ever, it was a 2007, so it's a little bit like didn didn't have internet in my house. Got it. So I had to go to like an internet cafe in order to send emails and stuff like that.


But I kept in touch. I told my family about how everything was just so idyllic and beautiful and wonderful. Right. Let's talk about your living situation. Can you de describe your roommates? Sure. So I was in a cottage that was two levels and in the bottom level were, it was a totally separate apartment where four young guys were hanging out. They also were students and that was their apartment. and I was upstairs with three other girls. Two of them were Italian and they were slightly older than us. They were in their late twenties. And then there was Meredith who was 22 and there was me 20. Were you close at all to the two Italian girls? I mean as close as I was to Meredith, I had just met them when I arrived in Italy and so I knew them for several weeks ahead of this and we would like go out to dinner together, we would go dancing together.


We went and get, did grocery shopping together, but we were still getting to know each other face. Right. You literally just met these people, like did the, did they speak English? So Laura spoke better English than Phil Mena. Okay. And of course Meredith spoke English too. She's from Britain. Yes. Right. But I actually tried my best to speak Italian at home. Yeah. And it was very cute. So you hung out with them in the beginning days, but you were closer to Meredith? Yeah, just because she was closer to my age. We had more in common. We were going to school and they were like interning at law offices. Got it. Looking back, when you think about Meredith, what do you remember about her? I remember that we, she, so I, I got up early once to go to this.


There was again, like these beautiful things. There's this chocolate festival in Perusia and what they had were these like early in the morning, they took refrigerator sized blocks of chocolate and then like a sculptor would come And, like sculpt the chocolate. Okay. And then people would gather like chunks of the chocolate that came off of the sculpture and just like hand it out to people in the crowd. Right. They're chipping away, chipping away and then a giant chunk falls off and the person who's sort of collecting it grabs it and then is like scanning the crowd to see who wants it and then plops it right into my arms. It's like as big as a tombstone. And I'm carrying this like tome of chocolate home. I like clunk it on the, the kitchen table and I'm like, who wants to make cookies?


And so Meredith and I went and got ingredients to make cookies and then make cookies at home. So like, stuff like that. Fun, enjoyable. We're abroad, we're roommates, let's make the best of it moments. Yeah. Yeah. She was like, she loved to read on the little terrace that overlooked the valley. And so sometimes I would take my guitar out there and sort of play on my guitar while she was reading. That kind of stuff. What do you think Meredith thought about you? I mean? She was always really nice to me. I think she, she definitely went out of her way to make me feel welcome. That's really like at certain times she would come to, I started like working at a local bar. Like she would like come and check in on me and be like, Hey, you know, it was like a slow bar that didn't get a lot of people coming by. So she would come by and and check it out nice.


And be like, Hey, how's it Going? In the early days of your trip, you met an Italian boy. Yes. Rafa, is it Rafa? Rafael. Rafael. How did you meet him? What did you think about him? So Rafael stood out to me precisely because he did not come across like all of the other Italian men that I was meeting. He was actually quite shy and I met him not in the context of like goon clubbing or something like that. I went to a classical musical recital at the university. And, like I happened, me and Meredith went together. Yeah. And then Meredith had to leave and meet her friends at intermission. And so he came and sat in her seat and then we just sort of like had me speaking bad Italian, him speaking bad English, like connection that Versus what you're describing as the Italian men that you were like, what the fuck is this culture?


This is wild. I wasn't expecting this. Yeah. He had apparently it seems like more of a warmth to him. He Had a warmth and he felt like it was just like a safe person. So week one into your new hot Italian romance, which I feel like is every single girl's dream. It's like you get there and you meet him and you're like, oh my God. Now we're like running around Italy together. What do you remember about November 1st? 2007? Yeah, so it was obviously the day after Halloween. I had been working like half the night and then I met up with Rafael La I was like dressed like a, I didn't really have a costume. I sort of drew like a cat face on me and we just kind of like, were hanging out outside getting drinks and things like that.


The morning, I remember that Meredith woke up late, she liked to sleep in, so that wasn't unusual. And she had dressed up like a vampire and she still had like a little bit of like a little fake blood dribble on her chin. And you know, she was, she was like, oh, I'm gonna get dressed and take a shower. I'm gonna go hang out with the girls, blah, blah, blah. She had gone to like, the British girls had had their own like little Halloween party together and she, so she showered, she changed. She was like, okay, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go hang out with the girls. I'll chat at you later. And that was it. I was just like, okay, bye. Like, I vividly remember her throwing a purse over her shoulder and going out the door like it was just any other day.


And that was the last I saw of her. And that particular moment, I don't feel like I've been asked about since the trial, honestly. 'cause they, they were very particular about wanting to know what she was wearing, I think because of the evidence that was in, you know, in her bedroom. Like she had been found naked and, and, but of course there were like clothes on her bed or something like that. Right. And so they wanted to know like, what color purse was she wearing? And, and I think it was like a, a tan or a peach colored purse if I recall correctly. Anyway, So she leaves and then what do you do the rest of the day? So I ended up hanging out with Rafael la deciding, so it was November 1st.


It was right before the weekend. And we had been deciding like, oh, what do we wanna do for this like holiday weekend? Right? And we decided that we wanted to go to a nearby town called Goyo, which was famous for truffles. And he, Rafael was like really big on like being a very good Italian host. He wanted to like, show me everything and get me an Italian perfume. And like, make me feel like a very special officially Italian lady. So he was like very big into that. We went over to his place, we cooked dinner, we were hanging out. I was, we were reading, we watched a movie, we smoked a little pot, we had sex and we went to bed. It was just a really chill, chill day.


The next day, November 2nd, 2007, you wake up, you get coffee, like what do you do That morning, The first thing that I did was I went home so I could take a shower and change my clothes. I wanted to get into a cute outfit. I got like a cute little white skirt on, even though it was a little chilly, but I wanted to look pretty. 'cause I was going on basically a date weekend with Rafa. So I came home and I found that the front door was open and I thought, that's odd. The front door shouldn't be just wide open. But I also knew that the, the lock was a little bit broken and so maybe someone had like, not closed the door and locked the door properly.


And maybe that's what happened. So like I come into my house and I'm like, is anyone here? Like, are we okay? Like, and no one answered. So I thought, okay, that's odd. But all right, close the door, lock the key, go in, get undressed, go to take a shower. And when I was in the bathroom cleaning up, brushing my teeth, taking a shower, I notice there are some speckles of blood in the sink and there is a sort of dirty splotch of blood on the bath mat. And again, I'm like, that's odd. At first I thought when I saw the, like the, the speckles in the sink, I was like, oh my God are my gums bleeding. But no, it was not my or or like, were my ears.


Like I just got my ears pierced. I was like, oh my God, are my ears bleeding? No, no, everything's fine. That's odd. I guess maybe someone is having like their period or something like, I don't know. So I get changed. I get dressed, I go into the other bathroom to dry, blow dry my hair. And that's when I noticed that there was feces in the toilet. And I was like, then I got the creepy feeling of like, oh my God is there someone in the house with me? Like no one, none of my roommates would have done that. Right? So I immediately sort of gathered my things, went over to Rafael's house and And like started calling my roommates basically being like, Hey, is everything okay? It looks like maybe someone left the house in a, in a hurry.


Like, what's going on? and I didn't hear back from Meredith. I didn't hear back from Laura. and I was only ever able to get in touch with Philomena. And Philomena said, well no, I've been out with my boyfriend all night, I don't know what happened. Meet me at the house, we're gonna like figure out what's going on. And so Rafael and I go back to the house. We do a little bit more snooping around. We notice that Phil Mina's room has a broken window and has been looked like it's been ransacked, like weirdly the main, you know, living room area that we had. Nothing looked to touch. We looked into Laura's room, spotless, like the, the bed was perfectly made. It was Phil Amina's room. That was all like crazily askew.


And we go into my room, my room seems fine. I don't really, I didn't look search it very thoroughly, but my computer was there and I was like, okay, if my computer wasn't stolen, maybe it's okay. But then we go to Meredith's room and her door is locked. And we were like, huh, that's odd. Like, I wasn't sure if Meredith was in the habit of locking her door or not when she left the house, I didn't think so. So I was like, I knocked on her door and I was like, Meredith, are you in there? Meredith, Meredith. And no answer. Finally I get concerned enough that I'm like, Rafael like, can you maybe try to kick down the door? 'cause I, I don't know if maybe she's hurt in there or something's wrong. He tries kicking the door down doesn't succeed.


So he calls the cops and he's like, Hey, there's been a break in, we don't know what's going on, but one of our roommates is not answering her cell phone and her door is locked, blah, blah, blah, blah. While he's explaining all of this to the cops, a pair of cops actually walk up and they are here because they don't know anything about our phone call. We thought, oh wow, that was really fast that you guys, were you just around the corner? You answered our phone call, right? No, they were already on their way because someone had found Meredith's cell phones just thrown into a garden. Someone's random garden And, like they had been ringing. 'cause I had been calling Meredith looking for her. And so they were ringing and ringing and ringing and the person who lived in the house was like, what is that ringing coming from my backyard?


She goes and finds these phones and then delivers them to the police. And so the police finally arrived, comes full circle, and they're like, whose phones are these? Whose phones are these? It says the SMS like card was was in Phil's name. And I was like, oh, weird Philomena, she's, she's on her way, but I just talked to her. She has her cell phone. And then Philomena arrived and said, no, I gave, I gave a card to Meredith. Those are Meredith's phones. And we were like, okay, but where is Meredith? Why doesn't she have her phone? And then I'm like, well her door's locked and iss like her door's locked. Someone kicked down her door and then the police kicked down her door, found the crime scene and kicked everyone out of the house.


So you weren't in the house when they kicked the door down? I was in the house, but I was not in the hallway. Like it was a narrow hallway that led into her, like to my room and then her room. I was in the kitchen area waiting. Got it. And I was like talking to the other, there were two police officers and I think I was talking with one of the other police officers while one of them went and kicked down the door with like Philomena and got it. And her boyfriend's help. Yeah. Which is also interesting later for the story to know Philomena was also gone and has a boyfriend. So there's like two sets of couples that had the same exact dynamic. You of your boyfriend, you're not home, you're sleeping at your boyfriend's. Philomena is also at her boyfriends.


And so it's like, wait, why you? Well that's a, that's a good question. and I actually thought about this earlier yesterday because what day is today? Is today the third? Oh yeah. So yesterday, the second the sort of anniversary of discovering her body, I was thinking about like, like why, why me and why not like Philomena, right? Right. and I think one of the sort of big things is they, they sort of focused on my behavior in the immediacy of the discovery of this crime scene. But, like the difference between me and Philomena was Philomena saw into Meredith's room, she saw Meredith's spotty with her own eyes and I did not.


And so immediately coming like, you know, Philomena starts screaming her head off And like crying, right? And starts, everyone starts yelling in very rapid Italian. So I'm like, what the fuck is going on? We're ushered outta the house and I'm sort of left shellshocked going, what's going on? What's going on? And hearing weird scraps of things that I can sort of kind of understand. And so I'm like, I'm outside of the house going, what's going on? What's going on? And Philomena is crying hysterically. And so immediately the cops are looking at the two roommates, Phil, Lana, and me. One of them is crying, the other one is not. That was maybe the moment things started to go very, very wrong.


And for understandable reasons because they're looking at two young women. One of them is clearly distraught and one of them is clearly confused, right? But very different reactions. And Phil Amina's reaction was the expected one. Mine wasn't. and I don't think that the cops, like when they made their sort of gut intuition about me and about whether or not I was involved in this crime, I don't think they actually realized that. I didn't really understand what was going on. I just was like talking to Rafa and going, wait, wait, what are they saying? What, what happened? What did they find? Like? And at first they're telling me really confusing things like they saw a foot and it's like a foot. Are you talking about like a severed foot? Like what are you talking about? And meanwhile like, and then somebody's yelling about a wardrobe and how they found a body and a wardrobe.


And I'm like, well what body, what are you talking? Is it where's Meredith? Is it Meredith? Like what is going on here? Fina understands Full is Italian. Oh yeah. And you're like, hello? When after you were like all escorted outta the house, when did you No, like it's Meredith and Mary, She's dead. That Meredith, I think it was half an hour, an hour into this that like Rafael LA was going and poking around and talking to people and going, okay, they think it's Meredith, there was a body under a sheet or like under a a a blanket and they think it's Meredith and that they think that her, she's been stabbed because there was blood Everywhere. And where the fuck is fina?


Like are you two not speaking? So I am sort of like the, the cops are sort of taking us all apart to like got it. Question us. And so me and Rafael a were sort of apart because we had sort of discovered the crime scene together. Meanwhile, Philman and her boyfriend were apart answering the questions to the cops. And so we're just standing there and then eventually we all get taken to the police office to like answer even more questions and do that for days on end. And then from that point, your life changed forever.


This episode is brought to you by MOS Southwest Grill. Welcome to mos. Okay. That is what you hear when you step into any MOS Southwest Grill. I love a good burrito, but I also love to go somewhere that they will allow me to customize my food. Mo's Southwest Grill lets you build your own burrito. Yes, you can pick fresh ingredients and toppings like sirloin steak. Hi. Hello. Yes. Maybe you want a little white meat chicken, black beans, guac, ko dega, a little salsa on the side, little sauces like whatever you want. You can make your own burrito. Okay. Done? Yes. We're all going to Mo's Southwest Grill. It's also known for its famous queso. I love a good queso. oh my God I mean Daddy Gang mo's Southwest Grill. Welcome to Mo's. Click or tap the banner to find a moose Southwest Grill near you.


This episode is brought to you by six the musical Daddy Gang. You might have heard the Rhyme Divorce Beheaded died. Divorce Beheaded survived. That's the story of Henry Thei Sixth Wives. But in six, the musical, those Tudor queens reclaim their identities as pop icons. The show is the winner of 23 awards, including the 2022 Tony Award for best original score and the Outer Critics Circle Award for best musical. The New York Times proclaims the Global Sensation Six Totally Rules and Variety says six is a solid 10 long lived these queens with six of the best performances playing on Broadway right now. Everyone's losing their mind over the show. Make it a Royal Night out@sixonbroadway.com.


There were paparazzi Yes. Outside of the house. and I wanna talk about that because they're taking photos, they're taking videos. You and in that moment you knew obviously something was wildly wrong. But like you're saying, you're like, you didn't even know that Meredith was dead and if there was a body in there, you still didn't know for sure that it was Meredith. Yeah. What did the media say about how you were reacting? Oh, What didn't they say? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. To anyone that's not like familiar with the case. Just to Summarize. Yeah. Every like derogatory term that you can come up and imagine for a woman was thrown at me over the course of these trials and this like decade of coverage of the case. But in that specific video that came out of you outside of the house, yeah.


People were annoyed and disturbed by your reaction. Yes. So there was a specific like three second clip that kept getting over the years res shown over and over and over again. Slow motion on like, you know re like in in loop. Yes. And it was a three second clip of Rafael sort of looking at me and giving me a kiss and then like hugging me basically. And this clip was depicted as look at these two psychopaths who can't even keep their hands off of each other outside of a murder scene.


What was in fact happening was I was scared and Rafael a was like, it's okay girl. I like I got you, I got you. That was, that was it. Do you think if you were sobbing hysterically you would've had a much different outcome? Yes, I do. That's like the stereotypical response that people have or people expect people to have. Right. When they hear something so incredibly traumatic, like your friend has just been murdered. But for me at the time, I feel like I almost got like deer in headlights. Like, this cannot be real. Like almost like surreal, like this can't be happening. And thinking selfishly perhaps that oh my God, I'm alive, thank God I'm alive.


Like thank God I was at Raphael's house. Like oh my God, There's so many people that had an opinion on your reaction who made the rules of how you're supposed to act in a traumatic situation. Like people are like, she should be sobbing. The Fact that I was hungry at a certain point during my interrogations and I asked for food, they were like, if you really cared about your roommate, you wouldn't even be able to eat. And it's like, what are you talking about? Like if what this goes to show though is that once you like have a gut feeling about something, somebody like whatever they do, they cry. They don't cry, they eat, they don't eat. It's all through a the lens of suspicion.


So I feel like at a certain point whenever that point happened, when these investigators had their investigative intuition that I was somehow involved, there was nothing that I could do that was right. I agree. Because even if you were like, I'm not hungry, they're like, look, she's a psychopath. Yeah. She doesn't even need food. Exactly. And then to see how it spiraled of the lack of emotion that everyone was so focused on where I'm like, I see a girl in shock. I was not expecting to come home and find a crime scene that day. I was expecting to take a shower, get dressed in a cute outfit and go out with my boyfriend for a fun weekend. That was what I was expecting. I never ever, ever, ever thought like even when I was like, a lot of people are like, well you saw blood in the bathroom.


It's like one, it was not all that much blood. And two, even if there was blood, you don't automatically think like, I don't live in true crime land where like you come home and to a murder scene, you're not like, that's just not what I was thinking. If I saw blood in my bathroom, I would think, is it real blood? You just told me that there it was Halloween. No, I didn't immediately be like, oh there's blood on the sink. Someone's murdered in this house. Yeah. What do you think of now when you do look at that, that video? Like is it triggering I mean? It is in the sense that like I've just seen that moment of my life replayed over and over and over again in order to vilify me.


But I know what I was feeling in that moment and that moment I was just like, this cannot be happening And. like I almost feel bad for, for me at that ti time. 'cause I had no idea that I was already sort of strapped to the tracks and there was a train that was coming and I had no idea The power of a moment. A 20-year-old. Yeah. Having a reaction that And that defines who you are for everyone's life forever. And it's like a, first of all, a single moment. And also however anyone wants to see that moment is how they're going to define you. So you basically are a blank slate on T which anyone can project whatever fucked up ideas they have about you.


And to like go back to how sexuality became such a huge part of this. Yeah. Like for me, I can't help but feel like one, I can't help but get rid of that like creepy feeling that maybe some of these Italian dude detectives had weird sort of sexy vibes towards me. And then they decided to translate that into, oh, I like, this is my gut instinct that somehow I'm like, my, my mind is attracted to this person. So maybe that's like what it's coming from. But also like the fact that this whole case, like the whole case that was built up, the whole story that was built up was essentially a vilification of female sexuality.


Because we're looking at Like, there were two women in this case, there was Meredith who was made into this sort of like virginal, invisible, ideal victim and never talked about again. And then there was the violent sexually depraved lustful whore and how like let it, let's just burn her like and Like. there also was evidence Like, there was evidence in this case that pointed to a guy who had a rap sheet and no one cared about him. It was all about taking a, a woman who was sexual and vilifying the shit out of her. The man that killed her. No one even knows his fucking name.


Yeah, I think I read like I, someone was looking at even just like maybe daily Daily Mail headlines from like a time period between like 2007 and 2011, which was when I was like on trial and then my first appeal, and they looked at the number of times one Meredith's name was in the headline. It was like 30 something. How many times Rudy G Day's name was in the headline Zero. How many times was Foxy Knoxy in the headlines? 157 times That goes to show like what this case ultimately came to be about. It wasn't about Meredith, it wasn't about the person who killed her. It was about vilifying a young woman's sexuality.


Where Did Foxy Noie come from? Oh, soccer nickname. Like it was like prepubescent soccer nickname, right? Like I played You played soccer. Yes. So, you know, top of the diamond. That's that was my position. Yep. I love It. And so I like squirreled around And like stole the ball from people. Like a fox would like steal chicken eggs. Right? So and it rhymes with knocks and then It was used in a sexual way. Yes. It was like every fucking headline was like foxy, noxy, et cetera. And it was like you were this like sexed crazed woman And, and a woman who like was so sex crazed. Like, so basically the, like the the prosecution's depiction of events was that Meredith was a pure virginal person who basically slut shamed me.


and I decided to rape and kill her in response to being slut shamed by her. And it was just like, who imagines this? Like, And then they didn't, and then they find semen of Rudy inside of Meredith and they're like, no, but still Amanda. Yeah. People really, really latched onto this idea they really liked. And, and what bothers me is that, okay, I want the authorities to be held accountable for making up a story and not allowing the evidence to guide their investigation. Yeah, that's one aspect. Yeah. But then there's the aspect of like the media, the role of the media is to hold authorities accountable to the people. Like they are a, it's a, it's an information tool that is in the service of the people.


It is in the public interest. And instead of doing that, instead of holding the authorities accountable to the truth, they latched onto every salacious possible made up detail that they possibly could. And then made bank. And also Meredith's murderer is kind of getting away with it. Oh wait. Like, you know, we talk about like, okay, yes, it was fucked up for me And. like I will talk all day long about how it was fucked up for me. But also one of the things that like Meredith's family has always pointed out is like, when did this become the Amanda Knox show? Like, isn't this about justice for our daughter And? like they make a good point. The media decided that they could make a villain narrative and it didn't matter what the truth was to them anymore.


It didn't matter what happened to Meredith, what mattered was sex game, violent, foxy Noxy, Beautiful American girl, your picture everywhere. And also Meredith was a beautiful person. Absolutely. So it's like, oh, now we can like look at these two beautiful women and imagine them having like a fucked up sexual encounter. And also, I, like someone else pointed this out to me, I, I forget who it was, but they were talking about like, the number one like hit in porn is like de like debasing And like humiliating beautiful women. And so it felt like this was almost a pornographic enterprise of like, oh, let's just like imagine first of all this violent sexual encounter that we can feel all moralized about, right?


Like all scandalized about. But at the same time, like just have this like pornographic interest in Amanda Knox's, like a man, like imagined and real sex life And like pitch her as this like ultimate sex villain And. like I, there's this like perfect example of this Like. There was this one English like talk show where they were like saying, you know, oh, you know this like psychopath woman, would you, would you do it with her? And it's like, so you all are just like, you all just want to fuck and punish me. And I'm a 20-year-old girl who's like, just, I've had like maybe, you know, seven total sexual partners in my entire life and I'm just like learning about who I am and, and what I like, what my experiences are.


I've never been in a orgy in my entire life. And yet I am the stand-in for everyone's like most fucked up sexual like Ima imagining dancing. Yeah, Dancing. Yeah. Why didn't you go home like right after you couldn't? So I could, at any point I could have gone home. I didn't because the cops said that I was there to help them. They told me like my mom was like, come home immediately my aunt who was in Germany was come and stay with us until we, they catch the killer because we don't want you in a city where there's a killer running loose. Right. and I was being brought in for questioning every day to like answer questions, like look at pictures like people were bringing pictures from Halloween And, like, do you recognize that person?


That person, like they were telling me I'm an important witness and that I needed to stay so that they could do their investigation. And so believing them I stayed, I had no idea that they had tapped my phones. I had no idea that they were going to be bringing like that instead of questioning me. They were actually interrogating me. and I was never, ever, ever informed even like the, the first time I understood and was explicitly told, you are a suspect in this case was in front of a judge after I'd spent three days in prison already. Like that was the first time that I truly had like expelled out to me.


This is what is happening to you. How did the Italian police conduct the interrogation? Because I know it was a grueling process. And You don't have to go crazy into detail, but just giving an idea of it. Yeah. So, so again I was, Rafael la was actually called in for questioning. They didn't call me in. Okay. But I was staying with Rafael la and I didn't wanna be home alone because what just happened? Yeah. So I followed him to the police office and I was just sitting there in like the lobby waiting for him. Okay. But while I was sitting there, some cops came by and they were like, what are you doing here? And I was like, well Rafael is being questioned. So, and they were like, well if you're here, you might as well be questioned too. And I was like, Ugh, alright.


I was trying to do my homework, but okay. They brought me into a room and they started asking me to recall everything that I could remember from the last time I had seen Meredith over again because I'd already answered these questions again. And so I was going through it again. And basically what they did was they tried to find fault with everything that I was saying. So they were like, well what exactly, what time exactly did you have dinner? And it's like, well, I don't know, it was like around nine, I guess maybe I don't re we had made dinner and then we ate and then we, like, we watched a movie afterwards and they were like, well, did you, or did you read a book afterwards? Because you said you read a book earlier and now you're re watching a movie. And it's like, well, I did a little bit of both.


Like, what can I say? And so they kept kind of like pushing at me like, oh, maybe what you're thinking is wrong. Like making me feel like my memories were confused and, oh, are you sure you didn't do that the night before? And that wasn't this night. We really need to know. And meanwhile, Rafael is being interrogated after a few hours of this, they come in and tell me, Rafael says you weren't with him that night. And I'm like, what the fuck? Like, no, that's not true. I was with him that night. And they were like, well, your cell phone says that you made an appointment to see Patrick. Who's Patrick? Are you sure you didn't meet up with Patrick? And are you sure that Patrick didn't rape and kill Meredith?


And are you sure that you are remembering everything? Because what if you're traumatized? What if you witnessed something horrible and you don't even remember it? And then meanwhile, like this one, this one police officer was saying, I was once in a car accident and it was so traumatic, like I broke my leg or something and I don't remember a thing. I blacked out. Do you think that that's what happened to you? Did you black out? Are you not remembering correctly? And like after hours of this and then like yelling at me and telling me that I'm never gonna see my family again. And telling And, like slapping me on the back of the head telling you, remember, remember I finally was like, okay, maybe you're right. Maybe I totally don't remember anything. Maybe I met my boss Patrick, like maybe, maybe I don't, I don't know, but I'm confusedly trying to like remember what you're asking me to remember.


So I signed these statements to the police write up for me, and then they finally stopped yelling at me, leave me alone for a second. I like am allowed to close my eyes for a single moment. Like I'm, I sort of close my eyes for a half an hour, I get like some rest and then when I wake up I'm like, oh no. Like what have I done? I sign these statements. I did not go out and see Patrick that night and I tell them like, I, I can't, like all of that is wrong. Like, I was just confused and scared like, it's all wrong. And they're like, no, no, no, you'll remember, you'll remember. And so like I'm sitting there like begging them to like listen to me. Finally, I asked for a piece of paper and I'm like, look, I can't, I, I basically recant.


I write down I'm recanting basically. and I give that to them and they say, okay, well whatever we need to fingerprint you, we need you to strip down naked so we can take photographs of you. You're an important witness. Sorry, we have to put these handcuffs on you, but it's only a formality. We're taking you out to a holding place for your own protection. You'll see your mom soon Mentally after you realize and you're going to, you're going into jail. Yeah. I didn't even know that I was going to jail though. That's not, they didn't tell me I was going to jail. They told me that I was going somewhere safe. That's what they told me. And then did you and I said I would see my mom soon. Were they speaking to you in Italian? They were speaking to me in Italian.


Yeah. And so again, like also a part of this was, I was feeling like all of this was my fault because maybe my Italian wasn't good enough. Maybe I wasn't understanding them, maybe they weren't understanding me. Maybe this is all a huge misunderstanding. and I kept thinking, I just wanna talk to my mom. Like I honestly just wanted to talk to my mom and my mom. Like I had my cell phone there and they sort of confiscated my cell phone, But, like they put it on the table in front of me. And my mom, who was due to arrive that day, arrived in Rome and started calling me and my phone was buzzing and buzzing and buzzing. It was her, I knew it was her. And I was like, can I please answer the phone? My mom is calling me and she is going to think that something bad happened to me if I don't answer the phone.


And they're like, no. I was like, my mom thinks that I'm dead. I don't know what to do. And that, you know, shortly thereafter I'm arrested. It's big headlines like case closed. The police were saying case closed. We figured it out. And just five days we figured out who murdered Meredith, it's Amanda and her boss, Patrick Lumumba. And maybe Raphael is involved, case closed. And my mom's like, oh my God, my daughter's in jail. This could be anyone. You are in a foreign country. You don't fully understand what these people are saying to you. And it's in the biggest moment of your life where there was someone murdered and you're potentially now about to be put in jail for murdering someone.


And you're like, I don't even fully understand what the fuck you're saying. Can I please just talk to my mom? I'm glad, like I'm actually very grateful that you put it that way because that's not the way a lot of people like to frame my experience. Like I've, I've had the experience of people saying, oh, you're just this cute girl who got away with it. You just decided to like implicate an innocent person because you just didn't want people to like look at you. And it's like, dude, that is not what interrogations are. Like if you think I had any control over what was happening in the interrogation room, you have obviously never been in an interrogation room. And it also goes back to your reaction. Like there's people that have one, never been in an interrogation room, they have never experienced a type of trauma, that you walk into a house and your roommate is dead.


How do they know how you are supposed to react and respond? It. There's other cases where people literally have just admitted something in an interrogation room because it's like you are beaten down and they're almost like brainwashing you to give them an answer that they want. Right. But a lot of people, like again, have decided everything I do, no matter what it is, is evidence of guilt. Right. How did the interrogation end? So, yeah, I'm brought into prison. Like, it sounds bizarre that I didn't understand what was happening to me. 'cause it's like, okay, the handcuffs, oh, they photographed me naked. Oh. Like a, a Italian dude has to like look at my junk And. like, like it's just like, Put his fingers inside of your vagina.


Well, Like what they said they were doing was checking for signs of rape. And I'm just like, what? I never said anyone raped me. Like, what are you talk like? But of course at that point I'm like, just, I, I'm like, do whatever, like I'll do whatever you say. And so they bring me into jail and I'm put into a cell. I'm wondering when I'm gonna see my mom. I am given like a wool blanket and I just lay on this like caught and cry. That was the end of that interrogation. Just like sobbing in a jail cell with nothing in a room, but a caught and a wall blanket. I was scared, I was confused. I was in shock.


I was in disbelief. I felt disassociated even from what was happening to me. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It was, I just wanted my mom. Yeah. I really just, I needed somebody to not be screaming at me and, and threatening me and, and telling me that I had witnessed something horrible and that like, I, I didn't know what to do. Did you ever take a lie detector test? No. They don't take those, they don't do those in Italy. Right. and I, they're not good because they don't actually, they're not reliable. Okay. What they, what a lie detector test actually detects is whether or not you're nervous.


Right. And you can be nervous for lots of reasons. And also you can be a liar who's not nervous at all. Do you remember the first time that you saw your photo on the cover of a tabloid? So in those first days, I was not allowed any access to any media whatsoever. But then, you know, over the course of the investigation, once I was taken out of solitary confinement, I was sort of allowed to see at least what was on the news. And the news was just like nonstop coverage about me, about the case that three second loop on over, over, over again nonstop. Like for the first eight months of my imprisonment, when I was like in isolation, it was basically nonstop.


Like super new evidence comes in like, oh, some super witness comes in and says that they saw Amanda and Rafa the night of the murder. And then it's like, oh, well that actually never happened. And that person just disappears into the ether. But it was like this nonstop sense of like, oh, what's the next thing? And the next thing. And oh, Meredith was drunk out of her mind the night that she was killed. Oh. wait, nevermind. Actually that's because the cops actually took all those samples of her blood and then they got spoiled because they didn't get stored properly. And so that's why they basically had fermented her blood and that's why it came across that it was had alcohol in it. And it was like, no, no, no. She's not like drunk out of her mind. It's 'cause you didn't store her samples. Well, it was a shit show.


Were you one of the only like American women in the prison? For a while I was the only American woman in the prison. I was also one of the only women who had all of her teeth. I was like plunged into environment of like very, very, very poor drug addicted, broken women who had had shit for lives. Like people who were not coming from a place of like comfort and warmth and family like I was, who didn't go to school, who had been like traumatized from the moment they were born. Like they were neglected or abused or addicted to drugs. Like grew up in really bad circumstances and had nothing but bad choices ahead of them.


But like my first cellmate was a woman who had, who was an incest victim. At least that's what I heard. I can't, you know, for sure. Yeah. But for what I heard was that she was an incest victim who had murdered her child. And she was like a little out of her mind. Like she was, she had this fixation with like scratching her skin until it bled. And so she was covered with like all of these sores all over her face and arms. And that was my first celly. Did everyone in the prison know what you were going through? Yeah, I was the famous one. So everyone had an opinion.


Everyone wanted to talk to me about the case. The way that I managed that was I always refused to talk about everything. Right. I just, I didn't want to get into this place of like, my life and the worst experience of my life is just a part of the gossip mill. I spent a lot of my time trying to be invisible, not talking to a lot of people. And eventually over the course of this whole experience, figuring out my hustle, which was reading and writing. 'cause a lot of the people that I was imprisoned with were illiterate. So I was reading and writing their letters for them, helping them do like commissary shopping, helping them read their court documents, that kind of thing. Is that what people like say if you're in prison, like what's your hustle? I mean Everyone in prison has some hustle.


Got it. Because you're part of, well first of all, like you are in a system that basically devalues you as a human being. And so your human potential is very, very limited. You develop with other inmates a kind of social economy. Yeah. And that social economy is built up of the kinds of things that you can, you can offer to the community. And the thing that I could offer to the community was literacy. Right. Was there any like harassment or like abuse? I never was hurt by any of the other inmates, although I did see, I did see violence between inmates. The thing that I experienced was male prison guards.


There was one particular guard who was one of the higher ups at the prison who in those first two weeks brought me into a private office with just him and interrogated me about my sex life and made sort of suggestions that we might have sex together and I. So at first I just played dumb I was like, I don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand you. And then eventually, like eventually I was just like, no, no, I just wanna go to my cell now. And he was like, you sure you wanna go to your, like, it was bullshit. He just, he took this sort of like, private interest in me and eventually cut that out because I, I rejected all of his advances other times in the prison.


Like I was grabbed by a male guard while I was like in the bathroom. And it, it, other stuff like that, But like, again, not as bad as some of the, my friends experiences. Like I know people who were raped in prison. Yeah. So it's like I was never raped in prison. I was never beaten up. I saw violence, but I, I largely escaped and stayed out of anything that was too horrifically traumatic. The mental abuse though, who told you that you had HIV That was a doctor at the prison. So I was frequently being brought in for the doctors to, you know, they were taking like DNA samples and things like that.


And one time they brought me in and they told me that I had tested positive for HIV and that I needed to, well they didn't say that the viche ante, the man who was sexually harassing me, he said that I should think about all the people that I had ever had sex with to figure out who had done it, who had given it to me. and I was hysterical. I came, I went back into my cell and cried and was thinking that I, again, this is those moments where I'm like, oh, is all this suffering that I'm experiencing now is this, like, somehow me catching up on all the suffering I'm ever supposed to live is like happening in one moment in my life. Am I gonna die? Like, am I never gonna have a family? Am I gonna be stuck in this Like? what is happening? So I write down in my diary, which they knew that I was writing in.


'cause I was basically, that's all I did was sit around And, like write in my diary. I wrote down the people that I, all the people I'd ever had sex with. And the very next day my room was everything in my room that had my handwriting on. It was confiscated by the police and then leaked to the press and depicted me as someone who in the course of like two weeks had sex with seven different people and was a sex maniac. And clearly because I'm a sex maniac, I must be also a psychopathic murderer. You had sex with seven people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But this is the thing, like what are we talking about here? Oh, that's a pretty normal number by the time you're, you're in college.


Yep. That sounds about right. Police looking at that and saying then she had to have probably also been capable of murdering Someone. Yes. Like I'm, my orgasms are so great, I just have to stab someone afterwards. Right. Like what is happening? Like this, this is like, and I, I at the time, like I didn't really know how to respond to any of this kind of criticism. I like, I was also very new to my own sexuality. So didn didn't really have any sort of perspective or like authorship over like, am I a normal person? Am I not a normal person? Right. And. like since coming home and looking back on all of this, like, first of all, I think it's amazing that there's a podcast like this where people can be super frank about like their experiences And.


like we are all sexual human beings and that's okay. Yes. No one's a psychopath for having sex. Nope. And also, like I, I've learned so much, like I, I interviewed this dominatrix for my podcast because I was really, really interested to know what the sort of kink community's response to the way that I was portrayed the idea. Like I was portrayed almost like this like sex maniac, dominatrix, femme fatal who orchestrated very specifically a sex game that I was like organizing the sex game to rape and murder my friend. That was what was portrayed. And so I was like, okay, what do people who actually organize like fun sex times for people think about the fact that this their, their whole like lifestyle is being vilified in this moment.


Right. And, like, this really surprising thing that I got from this. I, I very frankly reached out to a dominatrix and was like, what is your experience with law enforcement? Do you feel like law enforcement is just like calling people dominatrixes left and right and just like vilifying them and are you afraid of like a cop seeing you And like arresting you for a crime you don't commit? Right. And the really surprising thing was the dominatrix that like she's based in la she was like, no, actually I have a great relationship with law enforcement because law enforcement, at least here in LA, recognizes the difference between kink and abuse. And in fact what they'll do is reach out to the kink community in order to better understand when people are falsely claiming kink in abuse cases.


And so they'll like dominatrix's like her will be called in to testify in like murder trials when people are like falsely claiming that they strangled their girlfriend in a sex game. And they're like, no, no, no, no, no. You don't just start strangling your girlfriend like out of nowhere. Wow. Yeah. So that was like, I, I remember the moment when she told me this 'cause I was like sitting with her. I I, she had invited me to a dominatrix convention. So I went to this dominatrix convention with her as like her personal guest to like get a glimpse into this kink world. Right. and I. And, and she was so kind and we were sitting at lunch and she was telling me like, I was very frankly like, okay, the reason I'm here, I I love that you're so open and welcoming towards me that you're also being super confidential about me even being here because can you imagine what the press would do if they found out Amanda Knox goes to a dominatrix convention.


So like, Thank you for your warm welcome I know that I'm an outsider here. The real reason I'm here is because I need to know what your relationship with law enforcement is. And when she told me that, like they actually had a legit good understanding relationship, I broke down crying. 'cause I was like, I thought like I was it then just me. Like, or are they just making up sex villains Willy-nilly And was this an Italian thing? Like what is go like, I thought maybe like she would sort of like get that experience and instead I still kind of felt alone and isolated. I don't know. It's To hear you still searching for answers.


Yeah. Why me, why my sexuality? Like why why this unwillingness to admit that you're wrong. Even in the face of like overwhelming evidence to the contrary. Right. Like why And if anything, what I've found over the course of a lot of thinking and also a lot of examination of other people's cases is that it's really just human nature. People are so, so averse to thinking that they were wrong. Yeah. Because it's not like we sort of attach like values to our own identities on whether or not we're right or wrong. And the idea that I'm wrong means that I need to admit something about myself that I don't want to. Right. And so I think that that's what I'm ultimately facing and it's like, if I think about it that way, I actually feel less alone because we all face that in our lives in some way or another.


I just faced it in a really extreme fucked up way. What kept you going like in, when you're in jail? Like was there someone you thought about day 300 in 61 in jail? Like what was keeping you going? I did 1,428 days. It depended on the day. Right. But, like mostly this was then my sort of like rebel aspect of it. I did not want this thing that had nothing to do with me to control my life or to change me in ways that I didn't want to be changed. I looked around me in this prison environment and I saw so many women who had gone through so much shit and were actually, a lot of them were like bitter and angry because of it.


Yeah. and I did not want that to be me. I understood that my life was fucked and I was living an unfair life, but I did not want that to define who I was. I still felt like the one thing that I still had control over. Like if everything's stripped of you, you realize what you still have control over. And I had control over my own mind. So I spent a lot of time just talking through with myself how I was going to get through one day at a time because I couldn't think about tomorrow. I could only think about today. And a lot of times I was able to find reasons to keep existing in a single day. I had a letter to write to my mom. I had a phone call that was coming up at the end of the week.


I could, I could try to beat my record for how many sit-ups I could do at a single time. Like really, really like humble fucking goals, but still ones that made me feel like it was worth living. But also we are all doing this all the time anyway. Like we all only have so much control over our own lives. and I think really embracing that. Like yeah. Embracing first of all how things could be worse throughout the entire time that I was in that jail cell, I also was very aware that I could be dead and I was like, okay, I'm not dead. I could see someone with everything you were going through wanting to be dead. Well I definitely imagined it and I, I don't like feeling trapped.


Yeah. Like one of the ways that I've changed in a big way is that I no longer feel comfortable in crowds. I just feel trapped. It reminds me of feeling like I, there's no, I need to know where the exit is. I need to know where the door is. Okay. When I was in my prison cell, I couldn't even look at the door because it was all bars and it made me feel claustrophobic. So I would always look out the window But like when you are limited like that, right. It sort of forces you into either a place of insanity or of like extreme mindfulness because the only thing you have is the present. Right. And that's the, that's the only thing you ever have. Did you ever feel like you were going insane? How how many more days can I fucking do this? Like, You stop thinking that really you start thinking I have now.


Right. Right now is the only thing that I can deal with. So you Had suicidal thoughts in the jail. I thought of ways that I would, it was sort of my escape hatch. Like if it all comes down to it, here's what I can do. Did you have suicidal thoughts once you got out? No, I did not. Okay. To be clear, being outside of prison is always, always, always way better than being inside of prison. Right. The transition though, from going from a a imprisoned person to a free person was not easy for me. And it still hasn't really been easy for me because I, my life and my identity has been defined by an accusation of a terrible sex crime.


And so like my life is associated with a terrible sex crime that I had nothing to do with. and I am perpetually viewed through that lens as if the only thing that is valuable about me as a human being is my role in people's understandings of this case and this case only. and I have found that people sort of resent me for continuing to go on. Like, I have a life outside of this and I have it thrown into my face all the time that Meredith doesn't, that I, I'm alive and Meredith isn't. But also people resent me for like trying to like, you know, shed light on wrongful convictions or like to like build off of my experience and, and grow and learn and reach out to other people who have been shamed in the media.


What do they want you to do? They want me to disappear. They want me to be grateful that I'm not dead and disappear. Well let's talk about that because you get outta prison immediately right? After like what was that like adjusting to freedom? Well, There's a, I don't know if you've, have you listened to any of the episodes in my podcast? I haven't because there's a really good one describing like the day I got out of prison. Okay. I'm gonna listen and I'll I'll send you a link. Okay. 'cause there's this FBI agent who basically volunteered his services to my family to help me get like safely from the prison back home.


oh my God. Like the number of people who just came outta the woodwork and were like, I can't save you, but I can help in this way. Like a airline flight person who was like, oh, you can have my miles so that you don't have to pay as much money to like my family so they could come visit me. And this f former FBI agent, he like orchestrated this whole like in insane like James Bond esque escape Situation. And we had like, we had a really good moment Where there ever like death threats or Anything. There were definitely death threats. And this FBI agent spent quite a lot of time setting me up with contacts that I could reach out to.


Okay. I also was started taking Kav mago self-defense classes Adjusting to normal life. Like was it, what was it like, like I, I assume everyone knew who you were. Like you you went back to Seattle eventually after the safe house. Yeah. Were people nice mean? So here's the crazy thing, and this is also like a really, really sweet thing and it's a difference between what happened to me and what happened to Rafael la and he, there were people like in his hometown who really rallied behind him, but mostly people treated him like shit. Like he was a murderer who got away with it. And like no one would touch him. I came home and the minute I stepped out of the airplane, there were people holding signs that said Welcome home.


Amanda And, like the local record store had welcome home Amanda, like on their like big, you know, where they would have like nirvana, vinyls, like it was welcome home Amanda. And so like I came home to an incredibly warm welcome, but at the same time paparazzi from all over the world descended upon Seattle and camped outside of my mom's house. And like I couldn't go anywhere without being followed for months. And then when I went back to school, I want, like, the thing that I wanted more than anything else was to just go back to the life I had before. Yeah. I just like, I had been torn away from my life and I just wanted to go back to my life and I discovered that my life from before didn't exist anymore.


That I no longer could go to class without people taking pictures of me. I could no longer just ride my bike to school. I could no longer get a regular job. I couldn't, there was the case had become my life and I had to find a way to process that experience and rebuild a whole new life basically out of scratch. How do you get through that? I'm still working on that. Yeah. Yeah. But I think the biggest thing is it's given me first of all an appreciation for the myriad ways that we all experience this Like. there are ideas of us in other people's minds that we don't have control over, but that ultimately don't have to define us at least to ourselves.


Like, yes, it may mean that I can't get a job like a normal person and it may mean that I can't go on a date with like a normal person. Like when Rafael la Ra sweet Rafael la like he decided that he wanted to start dating again and he was having a hard time. So he went on on Tinder And like the second, like he went on Tinder, a tabloid journalist, like went on there and was like chatting him up as if she wanted to date with him in order to like write a fucking article about him. Like it's terrible. Like you can't trust every little, can't trust anyone. No. You can't trust anyone in every intimate aspect of your life because you're a public person, right. Is now in the public interest even if it has nothing to do with the crime that initially made you a public person.


So this is the ongoing struggle and also the idea that like, oh my gosh, is it the case that there is nothing that I could ever remotely possibly do in my entire life that will define me as much as a thing that I did not do And. like that may very well be the reality of my life that very well may be it. Is that something I can live with? Well yes, because it doesn't stop me from trying to do good works. It doesn't stop me from trying to like be the person who defines my own self and it doesn't stop me from making choices in my own life to move on.


So like ultimately it comes down to a, a sort of personal decision. Yeah. To persevere despite like the mountain of an obstacle that you have in front of you. And meanwhile, like what I've discovered is I'm not the only one who's living with this Like. there are lots of people who feel like they're trapped in the worst experience of their lives, victims of crime and victims of the criminal justice system. We all want to have be the voice of our own story. And so many of us are denied that opportunity. So, which is to say that it is so fucking great that you are even talking to me because you're giving me an opportunity to be the voice of my own experience. And for years I was denied that opportunity years.


And to this day even like it's sort of touch and go, you know, like some people are like totally down to listen, totally down to like understand my experience from my perspective. And some people are like, eh, I'm not a real person and I don't like fit the perfect bill. Like even in like the sort of world of like criminal justice reform. Right. I don't look like the ideal person to be an advocate for that. Right. I am this like privileged white girl. I don't like represent the vast majority of people. Right. Even if I've served my damn time. Is It hard to stay in like contact with Rafael? It's a little bit simply because like I completely underst understand that a big part of his trauma is that no one ever gave a shit about him.


So the only reason why he almost lost everything in his entire life was because he started dating me five days before Meredith was murdered. He barely knew me and his entire life got thrown through a loop and no one cared about him. Yeah. He talked about how like in the trial, like he was bringing up like I don't have a history. Like I don't have a criminal history. Right. Like I don't, I had no reason to like take part in like a murdered game. Like what are you talking about? And they were like, oh no, no, you're just Amanda's bitch so you would do whatever she said because you're a a helpless like man child. Right. Who would do whatever a femme fatal would say? And he's like, that's not who I am. That's not who I am. When you tried to get back into dating, how was that


This episode is brought to you by Tylenol. Why am I excited to be partnering with Tylenol? You may ask because I know and they know that greatness hurts. When I was playing soccer in college, I had muscle cramps or I pulled one of my hamstrings to be great. You have to push yourself to limits that sometimes can hurt. Greatness hurts. So Tylenol will be there with care to help you keep chasing it. Tylenol provides pain relief for the champion in all of us. It's the number one doctor recommended brand of pain relief and fever reduction. That's Tylenol, that's Care Without limits. Visit Tylenol dot com slash greatness dash herz to learn more. Use as directed


This episode is brought to you by Botox cosmetic on a Baum toin A did you know Botox cosmetic has been FDA approved for over 20 years. But here's the cherry on top. Botox cosmetic has an official loyalty program called Alle that is spelled A LLE. It's totally free to join and it's accepted at over 24,000 practices across the country. With Ali, you can earn points for Botox cosmetic treatments and get access to exclusive offers. There's even one going on right now to see if you're eligible for the offer and savings on your next Botox cosmetic treatment. You can visit botox cosmetic.com/c HD. Talk to your specialist to see if Botox cosmetic is right for you. For prescribing information and box warning, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0 intended for us audiences only.


When you tried to get back into dating, how was that? What ended up happening was my first boyfriend after I got home was actually someone who I had dated before in college. Okay. So someone who I knew from before Yep. Who I'd exchanged letters with, like while I was in prison. So someone I knew and trusted and we dated for two and a half years. And then my next boyfriend after that was someone who I knew from middle school. So like all people that I knew from before. Yeah. But hadn't seen in many years. We'd grown, like learned, come to know each other. And then finally I met my future husband who really, really cute story because again, like I was saying, I was writing for this local newspaper.


Right. I was doing a lot of arts correspondence, so like reviewing books or plays or whatever. Right. I was given an advanced copy of his debut novel and I reviewed it for the paper. I thought it was fantastic. It's called War of the Encyclopedia. I wrote this rave review, submitted it to the paper and then like whatever, forget about it. Like it's done. Right. Next assignment. Except the very next day I walked out of my apartment building and in like the diner window across the street was like a poster for a book reading of this exact book. And I was like, huh, I never go out. Like I never, I never ever, ever go out to public things. This is a little bookstore, it's this book that I just read.


I thought it was super great. Right. I'll just like duck in. So I ducked in and I checked out this like great book reading and at the end of it I asked him, can I have like an interview for the paper? And he was like, sure. Come over to my house. Didn't kind of sort of knew who I was because there were people whispering in the crowd. Like, oh man, that's his man. Right. He was Like don don't know. Like I'm a poetry guy, I don't like Right. Follow true crime, whatever. Invite me over to his house, drink scotch, walk Star Trek, hang out, go on a walk. I interview him. Great. At the end of this like interview hangout session, he shakes my hand and says we should be friends. And that's like a throwaway thing to say like, okay, yeah, we should be friends.


Sure. But for me it was like a month after I'd been fully exonerated and it was the first time I was like, whoa, maybe I can make friends like a normal person maybe. Wow. And so he was one of the first friends I made after I was fully exonerated and we were like friends for a good like nine months before we started dating. And what was, what's even funnier is that when we started dating, he was playing the field and his roommate was, who ended up being the Afic, our wedding. He was like always like, pick Amanda, pick Amanda, pick Amanda, go For Amanda. Wait. That is such, that's such a amazing story.


Were you living with your family while when you went back to Seattle? So I started out living with my family, then I moved in with a friend of mine that I had known for years. Okay. And then eventually I got my own apartment in like an area of downtown. What was your family's experience when you came back also to town? I mean My family has been through the fucking ringer. Like it's one of when these things happen, they don't just happen to one person, they happen to a whole network of people. And so I feel like unraveling the trauma that happened to everyone because everyone's lives became utterly focused on Save Amanda. Save Amanda.


That was the first priority. And every other priority ended up having to become secondary. Like that was real. But we've all like moved on. Yeah. Like we've all, we all have our lives. My sister got married and had a kid, like my mom is still working as a teacher and is super happy to be grandma now. Like everyone's like got a life. But we're still sort of unpacking how we've all been affected by this and how our family has been affected by it. You know, my youngest sister was like nine when I was arrested and so like she didn't really even fully understand what was happening. Right. And only sort of had to figure it out over the years. She's 22 now. Did any of them experience bullying?


Yes. So my sister described, my sister Deanna describes this one situation where she was with my dad and my younger sisters at the pool. And Delaney, my youngest sister came crying over to Deanna because she said someone had said that she was sisters with the murder girl. And, and then my sister Ashley has dis has talked about how people would purposefully call her Amanda Knox instead of Ashley Knox. In order to sort of like, again, like highlight, like we all know what your sister did. How often do you think about Meredith?


It changes from the time of year, like right now, this time of year is one that I think about her a lot, obviously. Yeah. 'cause it's the, like this week was the anniversary of her murder. It's the anniversary of when I was arrested. I think of her any time we come onto like December 4th is when I was first convicted. So there are like moments in the case that like are very, very vivid to me. Right. There was that feeling of like this again, how our lives became intertwined and we almost became like two sides of a coin. Right? Like we are both like, we're we're almost versions of each other.


And yet I'm like one who lived and she, she's the one who died and it's, it's so bizarre. And at the same time I also know that she was her totally her own person. Yeah. And like had her own dreams and her own life and her own family and that all got taken away. Right. And as much as like my identity has been usurped by this like whole horrible tragedy, talk about her identity. Like she never got a chance to like even fight back against, you know, a false narrative about her because she just is gone and there's no way to get her back. And so like, I'm especially thinking about that now that I've had a daughter because like on the anniversary of her death for the past many, many years, 14 years, I've always sort of put myself in her shoes and thinking like, oh my God, what must it have been?


Like, what were her last moments ever as a person? Like horrible, horrible moments thinking, oh my God, it could have been me and this year I couldn't help but put myself in her mom's shoes and thinking like, oh my God, if that happened to my baby, what do you do? You And like, I can totally understand how her mom would have willingly taken her daughter's place if she could and she couldn't. In the same way that like my mom, every time she walked into that jail to visit me, she would have taken my place if she could. But every time she had to leave me behind in a place that she knew where I was suffering and she couldn't do anything about it.


Do you have any contact with Meredith's family? No. Not, not yet. I, yeah, not yet is my sort of position because like I know that it's a complicated situation. Yeah. I know that. At least in the past, like I, it's unclear to me at this point how they feel about me. and I don't want to like force a relationship onto them. Yeah. If it's traumatic for them. So I have sent messages to them through intermediaries telling them I want to have a relationship with you. I want to talk to you. Right. and I am waiting to see if that's something that they want to Do.


You, you, that's something you would want. Yeah. I want the same thing that they want. I want to know the truth. I wanna know what happened to Meredith. I want her to be recognized for who she was. and I want their suffering to be recognized for what it is. and I want them to get the closure that they deserve. I want that too. Yeah. And like, that's why like I have really complicated feelings about, you know, her killer Rudy. Gday. 'cause I've spent time in prison now too and I'm thinking here's this young guy I've like had this whole thing on my podcast talking about when he was released from prison. 'cause he's Out. How do you feel about that? I know that he is was a very young man when he made this colossal, horrible decision to rape and murder.


Meredith, I don't know how he feels about that today. I would hope that he regrets that he hasn't actually shown that he acknowledges what he did and he hasn't like admitted to it and, and ask for forgiveness. So it doesn't give me a super hopeful feeling. Yeah. That like he truly feels rehabilitated even. But at the same time we're also looking at a system that is super adversarial that disincentivizes people from admitting fault and apologizing for things. Right. And maybe he feels like a fucking victim too, because he like was a young guy who was abandoned by his dad, brought up like foster care in Italy, didn't like have a great thing going for him and he sort of spiraled outta control going from burglary to burglary to burglary until he majorly, majorly fucked up.


What is like a word to describe how you feel towards him? Because essentially like I had to look up how to pronounce his fricking name, nor does a lot of the world. We know Amanda Knox and it's like the person that actually murdered raped is not at the forefront of the story. Like how Do you Yeah. His name is not the one that is affiliated with this horrible crime. Mine is. Yeah. I wish that I could, I had a better word, but I think if I was gonna be totally honest, I'm angry. I'm angry and I'm still angry. That doesn't mean that I can't have compassion for him, but I am angry. I don't think that my name ever should have been associated with his actions and the fact that no one seems to really care about him, given that they were his actions really bugs me out.


And. like maybe my anger is a little bit sort of misdirected at him because of all of the people not seeming to care that it was pimp. Right. You know, I don't know. I don't think that's irrational at all. I think that's actually sounds like exactly what would be the appropriate response for you bearing the weight of someone else's actions and now it has affected the rest of your life. Yeah. But is there anything like you do every single November 2nd? Like is there anything No, there's not like a specific ritual. There's a quietness, there's a kind of, there's just like a thoughtful moment of again that like a a it's an expression of like acknowledgement that I am alive.


Yeah. And she's not in another reality, it could have gone the other way or we both, we'd be alive. Yeah. Or we both would be dead. It's like how fragile are we all in any given moment? Yeah. Do you still feel like people are judging your every move, especially on social media? Well, I know that there are certain people who are in fact judging my every move on social media like at any moment in time. Yeah. They're trying to find any fault that they can in me. And so they'll do that And like it'll crop up. Like I'll go to like a renaissance fair where my friends are like sword fighting and people will be like, oh look, she can't get away from knives.


Like stuff like that. Like, so there's that. and I and I do feel like on the one hand I, I sort of long for an existence where I don't need to soc like use social media to like interact with the world. I understand that it's sort of like inevitably the way that like a lot of us are communicating and being a part of like a digital community together. And it is important. Yeah. and I think it does have the negative consequence of sort of driving us to constantly seek approval from random strangers. Yeah. and I understand how much of a losing game that is. So like I do think that the sort of mind suck time suck of social media is not necessarily healthy unless you can have a sort of meta, almost disassociative Yeah.


Relationship with it. On the other hand, without social media, there are so many people who have reached out to me either, you know, asking for help, asking for like perspective on their own lives. Yeah. Like, oh, I feel like no one understands me, but maybe you might understand me. Like had those kinds of moments happened and then also people just saying like, Hey, I just wanna send you some nice vibes today. Yeah. Because I know you've been through some shit. Have You thought about how you will explain this to your child? Yes. I've thought about that a lot. The moment that I'm, that I'm most sort of not looking forward to is the moment when she first, like, when we all first say that's not fair.


Because like when you reach the point of understanding whether or not something is fair or not, you have a a, you've reached a level of sophistication to understand a level of human suffering that is, can be deep. Life really isn't fair. And if you like, it's such a throwaway thing. Yeah. Like that. We just say it all the time. But like when you really think about it, how life isn't fair and how bad things happen to good people for no reason. That is something that at the very least I feel like I've been able to think really deeply about. I have a lot of perspective about that issue and it's not something that I take for granted.


Yeah. So when she reaches that moment of her life, when she starts understanding that things aren't fair, I'm not just gonna like throw away like, life isn't fair, throw a smile on your face. Right. Like no, that existential crisis of life isn't fair, is real. And it's one of the deeper problems that we have as human beings and as a society. 'cause we don't have great answers for that. And that's okay. Yeah. Like acknowledging that we don't have great answers for big problems is gives you a level of humility to have a lot more compassion for people no matter who they are. And then I'm sure like, I'm gonna let her guide her own understanding of my case. She'll ask questions, she'll want to know, she'll be exposed to, I have friends who have gone to prison for things I didn't do.


And like they, like she's gonna know from being around me that there's something about this justice system that is a little questionable. Yeah. And when she's ready, she'll ask me and I'm gonna be totally honest. Thank you Thank you so much. Thanks.


This episode is brought to you by Ben and Jerry's. Hi Ben. Hi Jerry. Ben and Jerry's has just dropped their new non-dairy range. And lemme tell you, Daddy Gang, it is a game changer. Okay. Indulgent, creamy, and oh so dreamy. It's all the Ben and Jerry's, just none of the dairy. You guys, this recipe is their smoothest, most indulgent yet without skimping on the epic Ben and Jerry's flavor that we are obsessed with. Okay. I am obsessed. I currently have a lot of Ben and Jerry's in my fridge. We love the strawberry cheesecake. We love the milk and cookies. We love the Cherry Garcia. Okay. We love the fish food. There is nothing better also than the chocolate fudge brownie. So expect more, more flavor, more creamy texture and more of that dessert euphoria we all crave with those iconic chunks and swirls and yeah, it's so good that even die hard dairy fans are losing it over their oat milk magic. Find your favorite non-dairy flavors with the new oat milk recipe in freezers near you. and@benjerry.com


I.