
This episode is brought to you by Progressive commercial insurance Business owners meet Progressive Insurance. They make it easy to get discounts on commercial auto insurance and find coverages to grow with your business. Quote in as little as seven minutes@progressivecommercial.com. Progressive Casualty insurance company coverage provided in service by affiliated and third party insurers. Discounts and coverage selections not available in all states or situations.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD, like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent Lieb. Lnu is the perfect statement, bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up? Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper With Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Amy Schumer. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank You so very much. Alex Cooper. I am so happy we're finally meeting. Me too. No, I need to tell you, I was saying this this morning to my friends, I said, okay, have you ever sent a DM and forgot you sent it? Yes. And then they respond and you're like, wait, what did I send? That was me to you. So I, for context, everyone listening, I sent Amy a DM in 2021. I don't even remember who I was at that point in my life. Okay. No, you were not yet born. Yes. Was not born. And I send her basically saying like, you gotta come on the show. Like, I love you, blah, blah, blah.


Three and a half years later I see you saying like, oh my gosh, just saw this. And it was just in the preview. Yeah. So I'm like, what the fuck did I say? Like, I'm like, what did I say to this woman? Like, Were you drunk? No. Were you like, literally like, I'm like hammered or high. And I'm like, Amy, and thank God you were like sweet and nice. And you're like, okay, I'll like see you Me soon. Well, just so you know, both Megan the Stallion and Britney Spears has one of those shady dms for me sitting in their inbox. So I know the feeling. No. And never has it been read. Never have never been read. But I, you know, I was so happy to see that. What is your angle with Megan the stallion? What are you trying to get in there for? I don't remember. No, that's the thing. You send them, you know, you're like, you know, you feel connected to someone.


And actually I have met her. I I, I had met her at like, I think an Oscar thing. Okay. And when we both won Oscars, I don't know if you in your research came, but I won an Oscar and so did Megan. Maybe you saw that. And so I think I just wanted to be like, should we have a friendship? You know? Yes. And she, you know, in return has, you know, not followed me. So I respect, I think she's smart. I think that's a smart move. I'm obsessed. And then we'll leave. The Brittany went to the imagination. No, Brittany has it, but she mentioned me in her book and god damn that felt amazing. Street cred. Street cred.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit, when you're working out, I don't know for you guys, but like, I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh, I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to work out in and look great in everyday life. You need to check out their Performance Jogger part of re's Dream knit collection. The Performance Jogger is great for stretching or lounging, and it is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance joggers, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger. Like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends. What are you putting up on top? And then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay. So if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts? Or even just for lounge? Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus, enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her Daddy. That's VUOR i.com/ Call Her Daddy Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you, Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes. Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well, guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you, but I love skipping lines. And I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay. So kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


I need to tell you one more story before I start asking you questions. Okay. So just to get this off my chest. Okay. I'm not a freak. Like I'm not a freak fan, but I do love You. Oh my God, that's so nice. Okay. I, I love you too. Okay, good. But if I were to have one note. Yeah. This mic is real heavy. Oh my God. Do you, do you ever think like, no, I don't care. Look, I'm a standup. Like I hold a mic, just roast Me. This is Like an actual weight. No. Like, I mean, I wanna support the brand. Obviously I'm, I'm honored to be on this show. You're, you're, you're a a a, you know, a saltan, but this is a heavy microphone. You're Exhausted. Yes. The thing is, is I choose And I swim, but I'm like, this is 20 pounds.


Can I just clear my name for a second? Okay. I always have mic stands. Always. Oh, you are the exception. 'cause I'm like, I'm sweating and my hand's sweating. But it's fine. And I'm honored. It's only because this is not my normal studio. Yes. We didn't know where to put the mic stands and I didn't want it to cover your face. 'cause you look gorgeous. I know. Thank you. So You're gonna have to buck up. Okay. And you're gonna have to do a little weight training today. Yes. Okay. So shut the fuck up. And that's Going. Okay. Let me engage my core and move on. Now lemme tell you like a loving story while you engaged the core. Yes. It was the year that train wreck came out. And I live in Boston. I'm in college, and I am literally at like, what feels like the end of the road. I am so fucking miserable.


I'm at the worst place in my life. What feels like it because like a boy was breaking up with me. Yeah. And I was miserable. My mom flies to Boston and is like, I have to cheer you up. It's getting really scary over there. And it is like a random Tuesday. And we go to the movie theater and I'm walking around 'cause my mom's like, we gotta just see a movie. And I'm like, train wreck like me. Like, let's just see it. Like, here we go. I walk in, I sob the entire movie. And then when I leave I'm like, oh, I'm a new fucking bitch. Like, I'm gonna reverse the roles on the men. Men fuck this shit. Let's fucking go. And that movie, I know it sounds corny, but like, you didn't know me at that point, but it literally changed my mindset in that moment. And it helped me through like a really tough time. I'm tearing No, Stop. No, I'm really tearing.


It might be because the mic is so heavy, but I really, It's not, That's a dream for someone to say that to me. It was really cool. And for you to say that to me, I No, I know. It's like, it's hard to give a compliment. Yeah. And it's hard to take a compliment, but I'm taking it right, right in right now. This is close to the Brittany mentioning me in the book, and I'm not, I'm not fucking with you. I am honored that you feel Thank you for saying that. Of course. No. So I'm huge fan, so thank you. I'm gonna die off this for No, it's good. Quite a while. It's good. It's good. Okay. I'm gonna ask you a bunch of just random questions to get us started. Are you ready? Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm ready. Okay. Ready? Okay. I'm ready. Whatever comes to your mind, you're just gonna answer it. Ready? Okay. How would your friends describe you in three words? Loyal, psychotic, funny, love.


Yeah. What is your comfort movie? The Birds, Alfred Hitchcock. Oh, I know. So hack. Right. But I mean, you know, everybody's a couple of comfort movies, but for some reason that movie Gets You, gets me, gets You in your field. And I know this is gonna be like o over when this comes out, but like, I'm so crazy about Wicked right now. Did see It. I haven't seen it yet. Okay. Everyone's gonna be like, Wicked. This was, yeah. Yeah. What year was this? Yeah, like it'll be kind of pregnant all like, it's the wicked, but Yeah. No, but But obviously kind of pregnant's like the movie everyone's talking about. Yeah. But Yeah, it's the Year I just needed to get it off my chest. Another Oscar coming. Yeah. Okay. What is the craziest fan interaction you've ever had? I guess them eating me out.


What? Right. I mean, that's crazy. That would definitely top the chart. Yeah. I mean, okay. You know what, I'm just gonna get right into this here. Okay. Okay. And I've never said this anywhere. Okay. But when I was sort of at my kind of peak, like do touring arenas, whatever, and I'll say it 'cause this is where you say it. Were they a professional athlete? Sure. Did I text them like late at night and they came over, went down on me, and then I said, I'm so tired, I'm so sorry. And they left. Yes. And you know who you are, Not the look into the camera. And that's happened a couple times and I'm not proud of it.


And I think like, you know, and, and keep the ambulance is good for this moment because this is like when I actually get actually canceled. No, but it's all about, you know, you wanna be a giving lover and whatever, whatever. But at this moment it was like, you know, some people like will blow a guy and that's the end of the night. So I kind of, you know, did it my way to quote Frank Sinatra. First of all, hold on. A professional athlete was a fan of yours. Why is that so shocking? No. No. Sorry. No. Why I'm saying that it's not shocking. You know, when You're young and you're in the spotlight, you, you know, you, you, I mean, I No, look I know you ma'am.


Ma'am. No, I'm more saying like, was he at like a fan event? No, I've never, I don't think I've ever been to a fan event. Okay. But he was at a show. He was at a show. He was at a show. Can I ask of all the sports, what sport? And then we're moving on baseball. Have you had sex with my ex-boyfriend? No. And we didn't have sex. Oh, right babe. He wait, Sorry, sorry, sorry. Went down on me and then I yawned and was like, it's been a, I mean, that's a moment in train wreck. And that, that's from real, real Life. I love that so much for you. No, it's kind of amazing. That's like a full circle moment. I'm, I'm appreciating that story right now. That's good for Call Her Daddy. Thank you for the tea. You're, You're welcome. And like, that's not, you know, The most popular move that gets the best response. But that's the truth. I kind of feel like that would keep them wanting way more.


I that I, that's happened probably three times in my, in my life when I was in my hay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And, and you know, one of them was furious, I remember. And, and one of them was like, totally fine with it. And you know what? The baseball player was pretty cool about it. Well, because I guess like, the furious makes sense. 'cause it's like, wow. Are you saying I'm that bad? Like you're falling asleep? No, I I think it's like I just made you come and now you are kicking me out and I'm like, oh my God. What does it feel like to be a woman? You know? And again, this mic is so heavy. No, I know.


But you're young. My bones are old and they're Confused. You swim. What if you prop it up on the pillow? No. Okay. No. Okay. I'm Glad we tried It on. Who would be your celebrity hall pass? Hmm. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna say either Christian Bale or Beyonce. The range. Yeah, but I don't think I would get a hall pass. I would give a hall pass. You wouldn't Get, But I wouldn't get one. No, but it's Good to like, think about it. Like it's, I think it's even better when it's like a dream and like, I don't know if you'd actually even wanna do it. Yeah. It's or don't be your heroes or Man, How many can I have? You Can have as many as you want. Okay. Method man. Can I get my phone out?


No. Yeah. Yes. Yes. And he knows, and he knows and he's beautiful wife and whatever, and he's like, so doesn't not interested het give a shit. Didn't. Yeah. But, but why did he say something to you? No. Well, you know, now that you say that. Wait, can I ask who yours is Specifically as the pirate? Johnny Depp. Like, as interesting as the pirate, like, I'm Shocked With the You want the makeup? I want the makeup Jewelries The hair. Yeah. I want the little cloak, like his little skirt. I want the whole thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get those rings. What is your most embarrassing interaction in Hollywood? Oh my God, so many. So many.


So many. So many. Okay. This is a long time ago. Okay. But I was at an Equinox flex. Get it. And Alec Baldwin was there. This is, this is 25 years ago. Okay. And he was get, he was getting water and I was behind him at the water fountain. And I was like, and I quoted Glenn, Gary Glen Ross. And I said, water is for closers. And I should have killed myself instantly. I don't remember. Like, I blacked out because it was so stupid. I don't know if he acknowledged me, but I am sorry. Did You ever see him again? Yes. Yes. He, he's been nothing but really nice to me.


Did he remember that moment? Or no? I don't think so. He just never thought it. I, I didn't, I didn't, I, I didn't, I, I don't know. I don't know. I can't remember anything. Like do you, do you do drugs? Yeah. Like I did, but not anymore. Okay. Right. Good, good. No, no. I've never done cocaine. I've never done ecstasy. You've never done cocaine? Never Cocaine. Never ecstasy. Mushrooms and weed. You know, I'm Not like a mushroom girl. You're not? I don't Know if I need, like, I'm worried it's gonna like, affect my brain like in the morning. I'm like, what? That's smart. Okay. No, that's good. Because like, it has, I, I'm like, I won't remember what we talked about today. Right? You're not with us anymore. No, I am no longer with us. But at least you're still funny. Thank you. What is the craziest rumor you've ever heard about yourself?


Oh God, so many. Like, you know, there's so much out there, but, but about me. Oh, well this is fun. Ooh. At my wedding, people magazine reported some celebrities who were there and they said that Jennifer Aniston was there and she was not there. But my mom, who is 75 Okay. Said, I think what happened, it was no from behind. I look exactly like Jennifer Aniston and I'm like, you just had knee surgery and you're in your mid seventies, you know? But, but, and I just said, oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, mom. So that was, yeah.


That tells me a lot about your mom. That does tell you a lot about my mom. Yeah. Yeah. We love your mom, mom. I mean, I love a little deluge. I mean, I've got it, obviously, obviously. I'm so confused. Yeah, This is good. Okay. What is, what is one of your biggest pet peeves? Okay. This is, this is really controversial. Oh, sitting, why are you looking away from Me? Because I, I'm, I'm, I'm already regretting saying it just go and it's not really even a thing. Okay. It's not even a pet peeve. My pet peeve is men. But also, but also, and I already said men, right?


Yeah. You said men. Okay. I said men. My other, my other. This is kind of like a fun little, not really p okay. Okay. I have a couple now that I'm going. Yeah. Yeah. Go. Pickleball annoys Me. Sorry. Have you ever played? No. Me either. I'm just hating from a distance. Me too. So loud. And if you can vape while you're playing the sport, is it a sport? And I, I don't like how a lot of people, and I don't know if you do this, so I'm so sorry. It just hit me. Okay. The way that I think, especially people, I don't know, both coasts say it have turned the word end into like a 10 syllable word, like eon.


And I'm like, we what? Okay. I definitely don't do that. No. But do you know, you know what I mean? Right? I say, and yeah. And like, and let's keep it fucking moving. Right, right, Right. But, And It starts e they go and Who the fuck are you hanging out with? No. You're gonna notice it now. You're gonna notice it now. I don't think I've ever noticed that. You're Gonna listen back to the, so we were at the store and Oh, I know what you're talking about. You know what I'm saying? Right? Yeah. When you put it in the context of that done. Okay. I also agree with all of those things and you haven't insulted me yet, so this is good. Okay, good. Which I'm fine. If you roast me at some point in this interview, don't hold back. But I hate pickleball too. Actually. I've never played it, so I can't say that I've never Played it either.


That doesn't mean we can't hate It. Fuck that shit. Yeah. Okay. That doesn't mean right. Just play tennis. Everyone's just so smug and they've got their racking and they're like, and they look so happy. Maybe that's what it is. Maybe it's just the joy that they're feeling. Yeah. I think it's, and I'll and I'll never feel that joy. It's so, I mean, I guess that's what it's really about. If you play, let me know and I'll like go for the first time with you. Okay, Great. No, but I'll like tear a meniscus or something. And I like, I just like when people are like, you just hear these people like, I got a pickleball injury. And you're like, that's it. Loser. Absolutely. Get on a boat and leave. And guess who plays pickleball? Who? My mom, Jennifer Aniston.


Jennifer Aniston plays pickleball. Jennifer Aniston. You heard it here first. What Is the greatest length you've gone to get outta plans? Oh, this is fun. Oh, this is fun. So my dad is ms. He's in a wheelchair. Okay. What was the question? No, I'm just kidding. No, I'm just kidding. So, but I love that you're, you're such a good interviewer. I may I give a compliment? Oh Sure. Of course. You're a great interviewer. Oh my God. You haven't even gotten into it yet. No, I'm just looping you up on today. Oh, okay. Not based on today. Oh no. Wait, let me just get some of the hand sweat. No, but wait, what was I talking? Okay, so my dad. Your dad. So my dad, so I was starting to date this comedian. Okay.


I don't know if he still does comedy, but this is, you know, 20 years ago. Okay. And we were supposed to work a weekend together at this club, like in the middle of nowhere. And I was like, and the way he like kissed me, like, he like, it was like soap opera. Like, he like had a real moment with me, you know, like slow. And I was like, I wanna go home. And so I pretended like I didn't feel well. And then in the morning I texted my mom at like 5:00 AM and I was like, in an hour, call me and tell me the dad's in the hospital. And so I'm laying next to this guy. And so my mom, who is a real gangster, calls me, goes, your dad's in the hospital.


And the guy's still sleeping. And I'm trying to cry. Like, I'm like, oh my God. What? You know, I have to leave On a plane. You know? So I think that's the biggest lie. No, no, no. Okay. Do you ever feel guilty about like, doing a lie when it has to do with actual illness? Like, I think I like lied a couple times about my grandma dying. And I like, they're like, again, I was one of those people for a while, but it was to like each different man. So I was like, this isn't like making headway. Right. Like it's to different people. But then I started to be like, oh fuck. Like someone's gonna die. 'cause I keep saying someone's fucking dying. I know, but whatever. Yeah. But no, my dad lives on, he will not die. Okay. He's With us. No, he is very much with us, but he did tell me the other day that he, what he wants done with his ashes.


Oh. And I don't remember. I need to write it down, you know. Oh wait. But this looks like a nice place. Is that an urn? No, no, no. But what he said was, I just wanna be with you. And I'm like, I don't think I can commit to eternity with my dad right now. You know? Yeah. I think that's like a little much. Yeah. Like, I don't know. I wanna see what my sister's up to. Like, I wanna see what everybody else is Doing. Yeah. Like your husband, like Yeah. Like what? I'm just gonna be with my dad forever, like, right. Me and my dad. Like, that's it. Yeah. I think you can kind of do one of those where you're like, absolutely. And you look him in the eye. Yes. And then once he's gone and I flush His ashes right into the sea.


Yes. No, I'll put him somewhere. Nice. Do you think the people that wear like ashes, like around their neck are a little, Or Do you do that? I don't wear jewelry at all. 'cause it, like, I just feel weird. It looks weird on me. What? I don't know. It just looks weird on me. Yeah. I'm nothing. Yeah. Did You say I'm nothing? I'm nothing. I have no, I am not bejeweled Anywhere. Not, not even an earring. No. I let my holes close, including my vagina Gone, but the asshole ready to go. Really? Ready. Okay. We're currently in Brooklyn in a random person's house. I like literally have no idea where we are. Yeah. So they'll come in at any moment and kick us out. But until then, what would you say is The most New York quality about you?


I Think that I like don't give a fuck. And that like, just in terms of like on the subway or whatever, I'll be like, move in, you know, like this thing that like, if it is just, just in you and it's like I should be like trying to keep a low pro. Yeah. But, you know, I just, I can't and I'll just get, you know, involved in anything that goes on. And that's what's nice about New York is like that. Especially public transportation. Yeah. Everybody's like together and The community aspect. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. Wait, does anyone ever be be like, fuck you Amy Schumer, like, get the fuck off? Like what? Yeah, no. Yeah. No. I mean, yes, but no. Like, you know. No, no, not really.


I, I feel like I'm like anonymous here in New York, like, no one cares and they're expecting to see you and they're almost like mad that it's, they're like, this is the famous person we're running into, you know? Can we get Rihanna? What the fuck? True. Expect to see me. They're like, where were you? We went to the 30 rock today. Yeah. Okay. You grew up in the city, but you were born in Long Island. No, I Was born in the city and then I grew up, up on The island. Okay. Yeah. That backwards. Sorry. How would you have described yourself as a kid? I would say I, I think I'm exactly the same. What, what, what, what is, what, what am I now? I would say like, my friends loyal, psychotic and funny.


You were always psychotic. I was always psychotic. I was always just trying to make myself laugh. Oh, that's nice. You know, like, have a good time. Yeah. I mean, and I would wanna make my friends laugh and other people, but it was really about, I think just trying to, you know, combat, boredom and just like, have fun. Completely. Yeah. Entertain myself. I Need to picture you like in school, like little Amy. Little Amy was voted the class clown Classic And teacher's worst nightmare. But I was, I played volleyball. Okay. So I was pretty serious about volleyball, so I wasn't like doing theater. But I did start plays when I was five, but then I, I got reel into volleyball. And you're soccer, right? I You did your research, Don't you?


Like when someone's like, I guess I looked at Wikipedia and feels like a hero. We, did you wanna be like an actress growing up? Or did you wanna be like a pro volley? Well, I was like actress, but I got really into volleyball and then I had a bad surfing accident. Oh. And so I was taken out for the season and I, I, I don't know if I could have played D one, but I was definitely going to play in college. You were going Somewhere, somewhere. But I couldn't, you couldn't play volleyball and do the plays. So, So then you leaned into theater? Majored in theater. Okay. What was The most unhinged thing you did at school? Like, you're the class con, like your fucking shit up. Oh God. I mean, I ran for, I believe I ran for president of student council as a freshman.


That'll, that, that'll put a target on your back Just to make a speech. And, but I, I could be getting it wrong. It might have been junior high, but I, I believe it was, I believe it was, I believe it was high school and I just, I made a speech and it was all lies. I talked about growing up on a farm in Iowa, I would, you know, if there was a bake sale, I would bring in a ton of toast, you know, and like have a sign like toast. Like I just was an idiot and just like, thought I was so funny. We that the confidence it takes if it was freshman year to go for president and seniors are looking at you like you fucking piece of shit back up. Yeah. Like where did you get confidence from? Like that? I know. I don't know.


I really think my parents lied to me so much and I just believed it. And then when I found out they were lying, it was too late. And I had this like, inner confidence and it was just too Late. It couldn't be shake in. They couldn't wait. Are either of your parents funny? Yeah, My dad, they're both funny. My dad's really funny. My mom is like, is funny Too. In a good way. Yeah. I say that in a good way. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, they're they're both really funny. He's, he's hilarious. How would you have described your social life? So you're funny. Like, did people like the funny kid or were you like alienated No friends. I was cool. Sorry. No, I was, I was cool. Like, things weren't like easy.


I had major trauma and stuff when I was like 12, you know, which I'm totally happy to talk about, but Yeah. Yeah, yeah. 'cause I know your life kind of flipped upside down around like 10. Yeah. Yeah. My dad got MS and we went bankrupt. Like we had money, we were comfortable. Yeah. And then we were like poor and my parents got a divorce and my mom started dating my friend's father. Like, it was a whole nightmare. And I, you know, I, I really, I really was traumatized and didn't think I was traumatized, you know?


Right, of course. And then you look back, No, it was really hard. But I still had a boyfriend. I was still like, making jokes and Yeah. You know, going out and popular and that kind of shit to Go from like being comfortable to then all of a sudden having your parents go bankrupt. Do you remember that conversation? Like, how did you find out? Because usually that's an overnight thing right? Where everyone's like It was overnight it from what I remember. Yeah. It was like, it, I mean, we went from like living in what I would consider like a mansion, you know, by real housewives standards. Not, not decorated well or anything, but a big house with a pool and whatever. Yeah.


To a like, you know, maybe two bedroom, tiny home or like, we moved every year and we lived, we would live in someone's basement or someone's attic and that kind of stuff. And What happened? Like, did you Well it Was like, I really feel like that part of it was all good. And so, you know, I can make fun of my mom and whatever. Yeah. But I never, you know, I had, I always had like, this sounds bad, but I was gonna say we always like had somewhere to live. Yeah. We always had food. I was never like embarrassed of my outfit and like, you know, because also my friends didn't have any money. Yeah. Which was nice. Like, none of us were dressed well.


None of us had a nice car or a car, you know, it was so there was no like, class distinction Okay. Or anything. And I was just like, you know, wanted, I, I just, my mom says that I was embarrassed of our new house like that. I asked the school bus. Like I, I, I don't know, something where I was like, can you drop me off somewhere else? I don't remember that. But I don't remember the loss of money being anything that I really felt just Like the relocation. Yeah. Do you remember how it was explained to you? Like how your parents lost all the money? I don't remember that. Yeah. I think it's just, it's, you know, it like trying to, the revisionist history that each of my parents give.


Like, I really can't tell what's true. Of Course. You Know, that Is like so disorienting when you become an adult because you're like, which one of you is a compulsive liar? Right. And am I gonna do that to my children one day? Yeah. And like, are we all just completely remembering things in the way that allowed us to just move on because, well, it's, Yeah, you're right. It's, it's, it's really disorienting and, and destabilizing. 'cause you're just like, is any of what I was told true? I don't at all know. Yeah. I don't, I don't feel like I know anything about where, about my actual past. Can I ask you, because I know you mentioned it earlier, like the, your mom sounds amazing, don't you love?


No. The preface don't you love when like, live for Her? She's the greatest. Jennifer. Go Jen. I will say it's so funny having like, public platforms because my parents are always like, we love how you just like talk about us. And I'm like, well, it's my fucking life. Sorry. I love the no socks. Did you wear no socks with those shoes? Yeah. Well, I live really close to here and then I'll just like go home and like, you know, and I wanted to show off my, no, my, my feet are really bummer right now. You don't wear socks with shoes? No, I usually do. I usually do. What happened this morning? I just, I mean, I just like came over here. It took 13 minutes in a car, you know? So, so no socks.


Do you do that often? If It's like, I'm just gonna be out for a little bit. Yeah. Well how does that strike you? Like, is that, are you like, your feet are cold Or one feet Cold Is my, is a nude foot. Like Do you not even have nail polish on there? No, look at my nails. Okay. Look at my look at like, okay. Your hand, your hand is Shaking. My hand is shaking. Okay. She's literally exhausted. You guys from holding the mic. I'm Hing. Yeah. In fact, your mother. Oh Yeah, Sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So your mom had an affair with your best friend's dad. Right? How was that told to you? It was told to me like, w we're in love. I'm for the first time in love with someone.


I've, I realize I've never been in love before. And, and, and I was like conditioned to be like, well, I'm so happy for you. Go girl. You deserve happiness. I love you so much. Like, you know, just kind of, you know, brainwash to worship your Yeah. Parent, your mom. Yeah. And, and vilify my dad. And so I was just kinda like, I got you. You know? Did you stay friends with that friend? We Tried, but no. Did they end up like, living together ever Like, your mom and the guy, like did it ever go Viral? They, they were viral.


They were together I think for like two months. Oh, oh, quick. Yeah. Like almost destroy like a family. And then like, you know, I met someone new and like, and now I really know what love is like 10 times. God bless her love. She's so self-aware and we are in a good place. Love. But yeah. And you know what? And I, I really like judged her and when I, when I was 30, 'cause I kept crazy journals. I read back from, you know, from 12 to 21, I kept these journals and I'm like, oh my god, this woman, you know? And then, but now that I am a mom and I'm around the age she was, I'm like, look, you don't know.


I know. Okay. Like, there's a lot of fucked up shit that goes on. Yeah. She kept a roof over our heads. I don't know. That's true. I also feel like when you get to that age, like again, like there you're told such different things because you don't know really what's going on behind the scenes and your mom and your dad's relationship and all these things. And now that you're like married and you have a child, you're like, oh, I'm seeing it a little bit more clearly. Not that you would do that, but it puts Things in. Yeah. Unless one of my son's like has friends, has a dad that's like at all, even a little interested, Then we're fucking popping over. Let's go. Are you someone that typically handles bad news? Well, like, do you like blackout? Are you people pleasing? Are you like, I handle it.


I handle it well, I I you do, I handle like kind of emergencies and that kind of stuff. Like I stay very chill. Just know that everything you're asking me and my mind, I'm like, and you And you. You're not asking me a fucking question today. Okay. This is about you. We only got a certain amount of time. Like we are focused on Amy. Is someone Coming in here after me? No. Oh my God. I only do one basically like a week. I gotta be, I gotta be lubed up for you. You get my beauty rest for You're amazing. You're not like on the casting couch and we're not rotating this shit. It's you and only Leo. Did You look up my favorite Porn? Yeah. Because now I feel attacked. That's your favorite Porn? No, not no, but I had a phase with that. Sure. Oh, you did? Yeah. Hmm.


Sure. What's your favorite Porn? Well, the thing is, and I was hoping this would come up. Yeah, I figured I I feel like I can't say it because, you know, a lot of Porn is like from real life situations that go awry and then, and then I'm getting a massage or I'm in a car or I'm whatever and I don't want like the driver or the, you know, I don't want them, you know, you have to live your real life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so you know, I'll tell you later. Okay. Yeah. You don't want anyone get their right idea. Is Podcast Porn a thing? They should make that where it's like, you're like Baba, blah, blah, blah and then all of a sudden I'm like, Amy, give me that foot. Yeah. Give me your barefoot. You start massaging your foot mid-interview.


This is an advertisement from Better Help. I cannot express how much of a Game Changer Therapy has been for me over the past few years. I would not be anywhere near where I am today without it. Going on a therapy journey gave me the tools I needed to set healthy boundaries, practice clear communication, and end the unhealthy habits that were holding me back. Setting aside time to focus on yourself is so crucial for Personal Growth and Daddy Gang. You do not have to do it alone. In a society that glorifies being extremely independent, it's so easy for us to forget that we are so much better when we have a support system. Therapy can be that amazing source of support you're looking for in any area of your life. Whether you are working on finding balance or you're goal setting or you're trying to break toxic patterns, it all just gets so much easier when you ask for help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. This month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing is worth it, so don't miss it. For a limited time visit better help.com/daddy to get 90% off your first week. That's better. Help HEL p.com/daddy


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jack in the box, Jack's new crispy boneless Wings pack. So Munch Crunch, you guys. I love a good wing. These wings are super crunchy, unlike other boneless wings that get soggy and they're kind of just like mushy. We all know how that is. Jack's wings retain the crunch so that you have the best of both worlds s Sauciness and Crunch. And let's talk about the sauces because you will love them so mu you gotta try the new smoke show Smokey barbecue sauce and the honey garlic sriracha. Both. I love a good honey garlic sriracha flavor. It is something that gets my gears going. And when I have a little smoky barbecue sauce lathered on my wings, I cannot be stopped. Okay. I love a good wing, but if it does not have a crunch, I start to be like, what is this texture and why is it happening? So Daddy Gang, you can always get so much more at Jack In the Box, like free food when you sign up for the Jack app.


You are one of The most successful women, obviously in comedy. When we were like, I'm turning this shit into a fucking career, let's go. Right? I, well, I didn't start saying until after college, I was 23 and I did not even think about the possibility of making a living from it. But the first time I got a college gig and they were like, we're paying you $800 for one hour. And I ran, oh My God, Around my apartment do like laps around my apartment. Like, it's like the best feeling I've ever felt. I was like, will will I feel this good if I ever have like a baby? And as someone who's had a baby?


No. No. Okay. And I was like, oh my God, for an hour, $800. It Was, that's a gig. It was so far upstate colleges pay well, and it was so far upstate New York that it was like you flew into Canada and just no one else wanted to do it. So I got it. And yeah. And then I was like, oh my God, if I can just make a living doing this, that's all I want. But then, you know, you, you start, you get there and you go, what's next? What's next? What's, what's next? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so, yeah. And then like, you know, I really wanna try and make a lot of money. We, after the Roast of Charlie Sheen, I feel like that was like your obviously like a huge moment that was big on your Wikipedia.


At least that's what it reads. How often are Walter is back? No, Babs is here. I'm fucking dead. How often are you using your roasting skills? Like, are you someone like fucking roasting your friends? Mm, yeah. Like my, yeah. Your best friends. Like that's all you do. Yeah, we just trash each other the whole time. But yeah, my, my friends, yeah. But really, like, I wouldn't do that to an audience again. Yeah. I wouldn't do a roast again. Why? I just was young and like, didn't realize that people's feelings really get hurt. Ooh.


You know what I mean? That's so, that sounds so stupid. But it was like, you know, you, and especially when you're starting out, you just think, okay, these people are so famous. I'm a completely unknown comedian, who cares what I say? But then, you know, like, oh, that probably really did hurt that person's feelings or something. You think, well, I know it's hurts people's feelings, but I also feel like there's been like a random rise again. And like the Netflix specials are roast and people are roasting and people are like liking it. Like obviously we saw Nikki Glaser had like a huge moment because people were like, oh my God, like keep fucking roasting. Was It, oh my God, she killed. No, I love watching roast and they're so funny. I just don't, like, I couldn't do it because you go too hard. I no, I absolutely go for like the jugular bring a gun to a knife fight.


But also, I don't know, like, I just feel, and with the audience I wouldn't, you know, I used to be like, if you're gonna like heckle me or something, like you're gonna be handed your ass. And, and now I'm like, it's just better to diffuse it. Yeah. And, and you know, I I think just from therapy and maybe becoming a mom, you're Like, I kind of want like peace. Yeah. Like, I, I don't, I will not feel better if I hurt you, But you're good at it. Good to know. It's in your arsenal. Like, Oh, but, but hold on with my husband, if we're talking shit about other people, like, you know, you of course could Not every, every night The worst people in the whole world. I wish I could like be a fly on the wall. Oh, disgusting. Human being.


Isn't it the best where you're like, no, I am a good person, but the shit I say with my husband, oh God, it's so, yeah. I mean that's, I think that's why we, I think that's why we click so much is just Yeah. Yeah. The evil. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Working Beneath, obviously comedy is like such a male dominated industry. Not to get too fucking deep here, but Well, Whatever. They're all male dominated industries. Every Single one. Yeah. We we're talking about comedy today, but any other industry that you pick up Yes. It's male dominated at all times. Yes. But yours happens to be comedy. So we're gonna talk about the men in that industry. Yes. Did you ever have an experience like that was so obvious to you where you were like, wow, I'm literally not being taken as seriously because I don't have a dick? I would say only every single day.


All day. Every moment of every single day. Every day. Yeah. All day. Wow. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Yes. It's so sad. It is sad. And I would love to say something different, but the, the only thing to do is be in the highest position of power. Yeah. And call the shots because the second you're in somebody else's, you know, I was almost gonna say ballroom. I'm like, I don't, I don't know what, why are you in a ballroom? But it's just, if you're not at the e and even when you are Yeah. At the top of the food chain, it's still, Dude, it's Crazy.


It's, it's, there's no relief. And, and I, I've and any woman that you think might have it different does not At All. At at no point ever. Yeah. Ever. What, what's, there's like some glorious Steinem quote. Oh, I love her. Yeah. It's like any woman who'd like, I'm gonna butcher it, but like, who decides to, you know, live an interesting life or something will be treated as a cruel joke and she'll need her sisterhood. And, and I'm sorry 'cause I butchered it, but No, no, The concept. I get it. And I wish it wasn't like that and I, God damn, I wish it wasn't like that. No, It is. Like, it's, I appreciate you saying that.


Yeah. As sad as it is, you're like, every day, every waking minute of my fucking life, like, I wanna One time a, a promoter, but I'm like, no. Every second of every day, every set, every everything. And How sad that like, we are in these privileged positions and I'm like, wow. Like, I'm like a privileged white woman and I fucking feel it all the time. Like, can you, I Everyone just thinks that women at, at, at any point might lose it and they're just waiting for you. And so every day it's like, memento, you have to like start over and, and remind everyone that you're in your position for a reason. Every day.


Every day. And I just wanna say this, since you asked, every year you're in like a, a chain, like a, a WhatsApp chat or a text chain with the other moms in class. I mean with all with the other parents. Okay. And then they pick, they designate class moms, you know, they go like, and they, and they haven't changed it to be pc, they haven't made it to class parents. Okay. It's class mom, It's class moms. 'cause the moms are the ones handling shit and communicating. And we text and whenever. And then once in a while, like a dad will pop in there and we'll be like, Rick, are you lost? You know, like the moms are, we're like getting things done.


Right. And, and I just like think, like, I want people at home to imagine, like, imagine if your dad one year was in charge of planning your birthday party. I Wouldn't have Had one. No. Okay. Your dad is like, I'm gonna handle it this year. Okay. Any dad is like, I got it. And or, or anything or planned anything. They like communicate like they can't, and I think this is, and, and men are in charge of the world. It's terrifying The world. And that's why we're in so many wars. I think that it's not even on purpose. I think probably these men were probably just trying to plan a birthday party.


No. Right. Someone quote that, that's gonna be like on the internet. Like, no. Like, no, you're right. You know what I'm saying? No, it's so true. And it's really, I appreciate you saying this because I was gonna ask you that today because obviously like the state of our world, we don't need to get into it. No. It like, we would be here for 19 hours and we would start crying and we would kill ourselves. Right. We would literally kill ourselves. We would have a suicide. But, but I think especially as women, it's interesting because I've had people ask me like advice and in some capacity I try as fucking hard as I can, but I'm also like, like I mentioned earlier, we're privileged. And on top of that, like it literally hasn't gotten that much better. If anything, it's like people do it like sneakier around me, but I'm still experienced like Yeah.


Misogynistic fucks that are like essentially criticizing me for X, y, Z. Right. Or saying stuff about like, oh, if she, if she ever talked about sex, then she's just like forever a whore. Like I feel like at one point people really tried Oh yeah. To pin you as just like a sex comic. Every, every woman is like a whore. What woman is what what woman like steps out of into the spotlight and is not just like, you're a whore. You're a whore and you're a whore. Yeah. It's just the level of horness. But why do you think men are so frustrated when women talk about sex? I think they're afraid of women and they're afraid. I, I, I really do. I think, I think, I think men are terrified of women.


I think they're, it goes back to how they feel about their moms. I think they feel guilty about their mom. I mean, we all feel guilty about our moms. Yeah. And, and just scared at everything we've ever seen. All the old movies, all the books, all the, you know, it's like, it's all from the guy's point of view. It's all the male gaze, the slow pan up from her heel. It's, and it's just starting to get better. And so if I were to say to Gloria Stein, I'm like, what the hell? She'd be like, it's so much better than it was. I know. But what it was was that not that long ago you needed, you know, your husband to get a credit card. Yeah. And we couldn't vote. We couldn't vote. And like, you know, here we are and here we are And here we are. Yeah.


Losing rights by the day. Yay. In your dating life, did you ever feel like, because you were in the beginning so open about talking about sex, did you ever feel like guys had specific expectations of you if you were going to hook up with them because of how open you were about bedroom stuff? That's a good question. I don't think they did. I, I think they could tell I was full of shit, you know? And I remember in college I would kind of try to talk a big game and be like really confident, like, you know, Mae West or maybe a more UpToDate reference. And then we would like, I would go home with them. I remember I went home with this guy one time and he had like, I don't know, like pit bulls or Doberman pinch, I don't know.


He had these like dogs and he was like, just, I think he had like an ankle bracelet on, you know, like he was on parole or something. And like, we were, and we're like kissing and like, we're like in the laundry room in my dorm. And it was like, it just all happened so quick and I was like naked and, and I was like, I am in way over my head. I am not this experience sexually. I have been completely bullshitting this guy. Trying to like, act like I know something. And yeah, I still, but no, nobody ever, yeah, he, he knew I was full of shit too. He probably just wanted to, those Were the worst moments where you're there and you're like, wait, I was fluffing. I, I don't actually like this. Like, I was like trying to say a big game and like, please stop.


Like, yeah, I'm actually super vulnerable and scared of your penis. Terrified behind closed doors, like in your twenties and thirties, how did you, like what was your relationship to your sex in your body? I, twenties and thirties, I think. Like, I remember the, the first time when I was a teenager and my first boyfriend was like fingering me or something and I was like wet and I was really embarrassed and I thought it was a bad thing, so I kept going to the bathroom and like wiping it up, you know, I had no idea. And, and then in college I think I was so drunk all the time. Like I, I just, I feel like my self-esteem was super low.


'cause I went to Towson University and like, that was like number one for Playboy for hottest women that year. And Are you serious? So I was just like an actual troll with like the physique of Brian Cox and I was like, you know, like I just looked like an MMA fighter and you know, I'd have to wait, you know, like I would black out. And so I, you know, I didn't even think about org like trying to have an orgasm probably until I was, I probably didn't have the confidence to, to try and have the, the guy make me come until I was like in my thirties, Which I think is like, probably more normal than not. Like I'm telling you, there are so many women that message me and are like, I literally have not, I don't, I don't feel anything.


And I'm like, it's because like half of the time when you go to have sex for the first time, the guy is enjoying it. There no woman is having an orgasm the first time or second time they're having sex. Like, you don't know what you're doing. So I think that's like a normal thing to say. Say I have never come from penetration, ma'am. It's a scary thing to say out loud. No, it's not. I mean, it's scary 'cause nobody talks about it, you know, because we're all like, you know, getting an Oscar, but getting An Oscar. But no, I, I, you know, I've had generous partners who understand like that, you know, I need to orgasm first. Yes. And I know you subscribed to that 100% on Your Wikipedia it says to make her come.


Is that the third line or the fifth? Which one was that again? No, listen, I get it. Like, I think in the early days of my show, I used to talk so openly, like over the top openly that maybe it made some people uncomfortable, but it was like almost like trying to go above and beyond to normalize it for women. Yeah. Because it's not normalized for women. Right. So I appreciate you saying that because I think there's so many women that are gonna listen to this. Yeah. Not that you need to be like the advocate for like, no coming through penetration, but it's It. Well, it makes people really mad. It does. It makes people, well, I mean, not about me, but like, oh shoot, there was this documentary about this woman who had, she was doing all these studies and, and was like, sh shoot.


Do you have an information person? No. Yeah. We can Google The height report Or the height report Or the kite Report. The kite report. The height or the kite. Very different. But could be The height report. The height report. The height report. And she was like, she was reporting on women's real sexual experiences and like giving feedback and she was like completely, of course shunned. And of course had to like move to Europe, which is what we do with all of our famous shunned people. Classic. Just get The mic out. Like, do you pull your dick out when no one wants that? Go to Europe? No, I appreciate you saying that. I think there's a lot of people that have experienced that. And I am absolutely not coming every time whatsoever from penetration. But my vibrator does the trick. God bless, God bless.


Have you ever had the best first date? And then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst. The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Megan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. Tinder is back and it's easier than ever to put yourself out there. Whether you're looking for a date, maybe just a vibe or someone to send unhinged memes to. Real connections happen here every day. A new relationship starts on Tinder every three seconds. Tinder gives you the freedom to meet people your way. If you've been waiting for a sign, this is it, Daddy Gang. Explore all the possibilities for yourself. Tinder. It starts with a swipe download Tinder today.


Okay. When do you feel you're most confident On stage doing standup? I think That's amazing. Is It? Yeah. You feel you're most confident. What If I was like, as a mom? No. I'm like, okay. Yeah. 'cause I'm like, you know, it's like you're playing a a little bit of a part, you know? Even though my like stage persona is pretty close to who I am. Yeah. It's still like you're in charge and empowered and you know, whatever. When obviously like, I think every, again, woman in the industry, I'm not saying men don't experience it, but women obviously like tenfold. Like, there's so much conversation about the way we look and who we are and our bodies and all of the conversations.


And people feel so inclined to be like, I have so many thoughts about it, which is fucking insane. Was there ever a point around like, the conversation around like how you looked like impacted your self-worth? I mean, it, it hurts to have a lot of hate thrown at you. Yeah. From the internet, it doesn't feel good. I was definitely coming up in comedy when it was, you know, the height of like people on the internet, like letting, you know, giving, giving me feedback. Feedback. Yeah. And I, I don't know, I have always, I have always thought, I've always felt hot. I've, I've gotta say it, I've always felt hot. And then you have moments where, you know, you look in the mirror and you're like, I'm Shrek.


And then, but like, it's like, it's like I have a little secret that I'm like, I'm secretly hot. You know what I mean? And I've always had that and I don't know, I'm 43. I'll see. We'll check in. I think that's Amazing in a couple years when we're both living in Europe. Yeah. Yeah. True. No, fuck this interview. Like, everyone's like, get the fuck out. Yeah. No, I think that's like really great to hear because I I, you can almost see when specific women that are public figures. 'cause those are the only people we get to watch. Yeah. Unless you're like staring at your neighbor, like a freak there. You can tell when someone's going through it. You can tell when like everyone is picking her part. Yeah. Everyone is. And I'm always like, God damn, this is not natural.


I wonder how she's doing. Well, it's nice to hear that. You're like, I'm fucking hot bitch, shut up. I like, I believe that I'm hot. You are. When I was going through, I guess it was like a year ago, and the internet really came for me after doing a bunch of press and, and I was like, okay, everybody like, relax. But then I was like, but but then like doctors were chiming in in the comments and they were like, no, no, we think you, like, something's really up. Like your face looks so crazy that we think something's up. And I'm like, I'm like, wait, I'm getting trolled by doctors, you know? And they were like, we think you have something called Cushing, and it's like about spiking cortisol, like about, you know, cortisol levels and you know, ster steroids, you know, injection whatever.


And I was like, wait, okay. I was like, fuck off. And then I was like, wait, I have been getting steroid injections for my, in my scars. Oh God, here now you're, everybody in your audience is gonna wanna fuck me. I had a breast reduction, you know, c-section, whatever. And I'm like, you know, and so I got these, it was getting these steroid injections and so it gave me this thing called Cushing syndrome, which I wouldn't have known if the internet hadn't come for me so hard. So right before I started filming kind of pregnant, which you guys have to check out on Netflix, we're getting there. So good. I was like, before, right before we started rolling was when I learned I had this condition and that I had something called Moon Face.


And then there's just, I'm starring in a movie and there's a camera right in my face. And I'm like, and they're like, rolling. And I'm like, oh my God. And you know, I asked some of the people close to me and everyone's like, you look great, you know, but then you have like your one friend from high school. Yeah. That's like, your face is looking like a little bit insane and you're like, okay, I love you. Yeah. And so anyway, I got rid of like, it just has to work itself out. Yeah. There are two, there are two kinds of Cushing where, and one of them you could die. Oh my God. And so for like 24 hours, I was like, I'm dead. Yeah. So I was feeling really down on myself before I started filming this movie. I am so sorry. But I'm happy that you're Okay.


Thank you. And but I wanna say something else. Yeah. I was feeling so down on myself and I was like really having trouble figuring out how I was going to star in a movie while I had this going on. And it just took one f friend who, this girl Lorraine, who lives in New Orleans, who's a director, Lorraine Capricia. She was like, you know what? And you know, I think you look fucking great and you're gonna, like, she just, and I just needed one person to just amp me up and I, you know. Right. And You're like, let's go. Which is also, did you see the movie Young Adult? No. Oh. Was Charlize Theron?


Wait, no. Okay. You have to watch it to see this Movie to, okay. Okay. Anyway, that's just, I don't wanna spoil the end for you, but I'll watch it. You know, you just need one person to be like, I'm a big person. Go. I think that's like really incredible. But you did the fucking toe. I can't, I can't with, oh Wait, are you like Chelsea handler? Like you get grossed out by feet? Well, oh, it's just that I don't have a, like a pedicure. No, I don't give a shit about the pedicure. It's a, I'm just shocked you don't have socks on. That's my only note. And then I'm gonna keep it like, 'cause of the cold. No, because like, who the fuck shows up to an interview with no socks on and shows up also with sneakers on, with no socks on. Okay. But Ma'am, you also are dressed like you're in hospice. So like, why? Like, but why I, why I guess why you copied me. I did. I couldn't, you know how quick I wanted to come here.


I mean, that's it. You dress like you're in hospice and I love it. It's like, it's so cozy. It's so Cozy. Come on. Can we talk about your husband? I'd Love to. Chris. Chris. And he's a chef. Yep. Okay. Is it true that if you are married to a chef, like they never cook for you? 'cause they're cooking all the time? No, that's, that's not true. Oh My God. I have to tell my friend who literally is married to a chef and she's like, it just sucks. 'cause he never cooks for me. She, he literally hates you. Wait. Oh my God. Oh my God. Yeah. No, your friend's husband hates her. Oh my God. They just got engaged. Well, that's gonna, that's gonna be called off. That's Fucked up. He doesn't cook for her. I Know. He's too, he does it so much.


Like he's tired. Well, this Is, this is like, and and Chris knows too. It's like I can never leave him. Yeah. Like what, what you're, what am I gonna do? Yeah. You're indebted to him. Yeah. He's What's the main dish? That's the thing. It's always, yeah. He's, so last night he made shrimp pad tie, but also, you know, I keep in the back of my head, you know, for a rainy day. Yeah. I can just get takeout. Okay. But no, you know That when you're in fights and he's like, well, then I won't cook. And you're like, I'm already on DoorDash. I have never yelled at him. I can just get takeout. But I am keeping that tucked in the pocket. Yeah. It's kind of iconic. Yeah.


No, we like, we get along like, we're just like toxic together and love, you know? Yeah. Those are the best relationships. Yeah. When obviously you're like very famous. Yeah. And yeah. Thanks. Thank you. Yeah. Still at the height, you know, I try to remind him. Yeah. Like, you're a big fucking deal. Yeah. He's like, can you go? Why don't you go in? And I'm like, I'm like very famous. And he's like, Ugh. Okay. He just is not interested. Well, He does, he doesn't care. I was gonna say, like, what does he think of this fucking chaos? No, it's like, the same with my son or my husband. It's like you're mom and like you're my wife. Like, I like, I, you know, I think sometimes he'll try to empathize with it.


He doesn't care. He doesn't Give a Shit. He doesn't care. He, he's been around, he like grew up on Martha's Vineyard. Oh, so He's So rich. He's, no, it's like on Martha's Vineyard, there's like the rich people and then there's like the people that work for the rich people. And that was him. And That was him. And you know, there's a nice community when like, and I feel lucky that I grew, you know, grew up most of my life, like very, like without any money because, you know, Chris had to really hustle to make it as a chef, I had to really hustle to make it, like didn't have a relative to ask for a hundred dollars. Yeah. And so, but he did grow up with like, some famous friends and Oh, that's kind of nice. Wait, how old is your child? I wanna say five.


Yeah, He's five and a half. We Have you shown him any of your movies? He has seen Trolls three. Okay. Which I did a voice in. Yeah. Yeah. And he has seen the moment in Train Wreck when I fall, like when I try to dunk. And he's, he came in a lot when I was editing. Kind of pregnant. What does he think? He's like, mommy. He is like, He thinks that the stunts are funny. He does? Yeah. Like the Zamboni scene. Do he understand that? I don't think he saw the Zamboni scene. Why not? Too aggressive? Probably. It probably would've scared him. It's a little much. Yeah. That wasn't, But the first couple hits were good. And then when you guys took out the whole like, sidecar of the restaurant, I was like, Jesus, That was, I, I have to be honest and just say that that was not the, that was not written by me.


That part. And also the part in Train Wreck where I come out and dance was not my idea either. It wasn't No, this is, this is, that's the male intervention. Okay. It was kind of funny. We'll give them that. Yeah. The Zamboni was funny. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And and also thank you for like telling everyone the end of my movie. No, it's the beginning of the movie. Fuck. Cut this. Cut this. Something crazy happens on a Zamboni. No cut. Nobody Would, nobody would remember The movie. No, no, no, no. And it's not too like, No. Well, well, I mean, you know, Not to, just to quickly, 'cause I know you've talked about this before, but you talked about how your husband has autism.


How did you guys like decide to be public about that? Not that you shouldn't, I'm just curious. Like, it's kind of the Well, I didn't ask him. No, I'm just kidding. No, I just, one night. Well We were, the, the way it happened was I was gonna document making this special Okay. Standup special. And then I found out I was pregnant and we're like, okay, great. That'll be part of the, the doc. And then I was so sick, I had something called hyper hyperemesis. Grab aum, which this is good. Anybody listening, if you have severe nausea and vomiting and everyone's going, it's the first trimester and you're like, mm.


I don't know. Hyperemesis. Grem. That's a word. Wait, hyper Hyperemesis. Grm. Wait. So Say fa like, slow, slow. Hyper. Hyper, hyper. Hyper means like a lot. You don't, Essy means nausea. Emesis emesis em emesis means vomiting. I just wanted you to say it slow so I could say it with you. Hyper emesis. Hyper Emesis. Graber. Grem. I feel like we're in like the craft and we're like Hyperemesis, Like we're gonna Skull, But Yes. And they really under diagnose everything with women, of course. Including endometriosis. Low. You're not supposed to have vial cramps.


Classic. And that's not normal. It usually takes 10 years to get a diagnosis for endometriosis. It's fucking insane. Anyway, something's up. Yep. It's not just normal. You're not being dramatic. Anyway, and then my husband was on the spectrum. No, I'm just kidding. So then after we were married, like a couple months, he would just do things where I'd be like, it would be such a different response Yeah. Than I was that like, sort of, we were used to, you know, one time I fell and you know, it's like everybody would be like, are you okay? You know, and he would just kind of like, like just stare, you know? And it was like, oh. And, and he would also just say things in front of people.


It's part of what I fell in love with was that he'd be like, you know, why is your like outfit so weird? Are you, you know, and it says exactly what he thinks. And I was like, would you be interested? I I, I just did like a little online test, just me. And, and I was like, oh, for my test. I was like, he's on the spectrum. And I said to him, would you be interested in learning more about your brain? Like, would you wanna find out if you were on the spectrum? And he was like, yeah. And He, that's a nice also way to like approach something. Yeah. And he had, he said like, no, I would've been like, all right. Okay. But he went and he, he was tested and Yeah.


And like, and it's, it's been amazing. Like it's, it's been amazing for him. Yeah. And for me it's like, but it's because it's public and there aren't aren't many adults out. Yeah. Like, everyone's like quiet about it because there's such a stigma. So it's, you know, I I think he's like really cool and brave that he's like out there like, yeah. Yeah. And, and how many, and like how many people do you know where you're like, this person's on the spectrum, who cares? They're like my favorite people. I agree. Like, I think it's nice. Obviously it's not like his burden to bear, to be like the poster child of, but like Right. It's nice. I agree. Because there are so many people, but it's like, there's a stigma around it, which there shouldn't Be.


Yeah. No, it's, it's stupid. And I remember when I was a kid, people were embarrassed about a DHD. Oh yeah. And now like people, that's the second thing they'll tell you about themselves. Of course. You know? And so I just, I hope that it gets more normalized. Normalized and like, and I, you know, I feel like he's done his part and I think it's great. Yeah. Great. And you know what I, you know, he of course annoys me and like there are days where I like, you know, wanna kill him, but we, I would still choose him out of everyone I've ever met. Yeah. I love it. And not just 'cause he's a chef, but God that doesn't hurt.


And someone you can talk shit with. Yeah. Done. Toxic. Can we talk about your new movie, even though I ruined the entire ending? Yes. I'm gonna cut it. Yes. Cut that. Did you have any more spoilers you wanted to? No, I'm gonna go through the entire movie. No, I was cackling I was saying to everyone this morning, I'm like, I, it was so nice seeing you lead another movie because you are so physically funny comedy wise. Like no, the way you, that sounds so creepy, but like, move your body. Yeah. And you're just like, very, very physically funny. And that is like a hard thing to do, obviously. You're like verbally funny. Yeah. But you're just so fucking good. That's so nice. And it's an honor to sit on this couch with you. Oh my god, this is such a nice couch. No, when I saw this like suede as couch, I said yes.


No, that's really nice because I haven't, I haven't starred a movie in a while. This script was sent to me, you know, and like, I'm like a little snot, like I won't do, you know, I'm like, for, for me to like, give that much time and energy to something, I have to be into it. And I was like, I think this is a really good idea. Yeah. A woman faking a pregnancy is so insane. Yeah. And, and I just, there was like, the backbone was there, like the skeleton was there to like, you know, I, to to to shape a bunch of it. And you know, I like, I'm trying to just show women having fun and being equals, you know, and like female friendships.


And so it was like, that was also there for me. And clearly the point of the movie. Yeah. Like it's, you know, it's described as a romcom and it is, but it kind of isn't. It's like more about like the, the love story of the friendships. So The entire movie is like hilarious. It's like every single scene I feel like just keeps ramping up. Ramping up. Like the knife in the child scene, I was like, oh no, wait, now this movie, no one's gonna see it because it's like, no, no. When you stabbed the child. No, I didn't say that. I said knife in the child scene. Yeah, yeah. But do you now hear it out loud and like see that Knife? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They're like, it's a horror film. No, no, no. It is one of the funniest scenes. No Children are stabbed in this.


No, he's holding a knife. Okay. Look. Okay. Just like, They're like Amy Schumer goes on Call Her Daddy and they talk about the mouth There. No child gets stabbed during The movie. No child stabbed. Yeah. Child holding knife. Funny. Yes. Funny scene. Funny Hun. Funny child knife, not scene Scene. End Scene. End scene. But one of my favorite like themes in the movie is the fact that these women, it's all about timelines. And I feel like that is The most fucking realistic conversation I have on the show so often. It's like everyone comparing like the timeline here and, oh, you're having a baby, but I'm not engaged yet, but you are divorced and oh my God, and I'm single and I want kids, or I'm doing IVF or I can't get pregnant.


Like, there's so much. Yeah. And the reason that we get anxious is 'cause we're looking around and we're like, where am I? Where am I? Like how do, how Do I fit in? Everyone's always asking you. It's insane. Yeah. How do you think this movie does a good job of like, kind of embodying the concept of like stop constantly comparing yourself to other people around you? Yeah, I think, you know, this movie is about a, like, I think my character's Laney and she, when she's a little girl loses her mom and is just like, doesn't wanna be alone. So she's like, has the idea of like, wants a lot of family around her. And I didn't have a lot of family around me as a kid. Yeah. And I connected to that and I would, my friends would have like, big families and I would kind of go and hang with them and be like, oh, one day I, I want a family.


And like, she just thinks that's a way to not be alone. And then, you know, realizes that you're, I mean, for me, my, my favorite times are with my girlfriends. Yeah. And like laughing and having a dinner or whatever. My, I'm really close with my girls from home and, and my friends that I've made since I've been older. And like, that's where a lot of my joy comes from. I don't ever say joy in real life, so I feel like me to cut because I'm on this couch. Can you just like bleep, can you voice over and have someone say something? I would say like joy. Like what?


Wow. Wow, wow, wow, wow. But my good, my good vibes and having fun, you know, it's like I love joyful. Yeah. I, I love my family, but you know, you're girls. Yeah. No, it's so true. And I feel like also as you get older, especially with kids or someone that's not having kids, like there feels like there can be this disparity within friendships where I have so many women Right. And being like, oh my God, I, I like, I feel like I'm getting disconnected to my friend 'cause she just got married and I'm single and I'm like, I so get that, that could be a feeling. Yeah. But that who gives a shit where you're each at, like, the reason you're friends is because you like each other as human beings. Yeah. And I think I was the last one of my friends to have a kid.


Yeah. And I didn't, I was not someone who was like, always knew she wanted to be a mom. Yeah. And yeah, it wasn't until Chris was literally like, we're gonna have a family. And I was like, Aw. But I am also like, if, if you were like, if someone's like, should I have kids? I'm like, probably not. You know, like it's not looking good. You know, things aren't looking good. So. Right. I just, I I think it's, and also I think people get intimidated if you haven't like ever spent time around little kids, you, you feel confused and so your friends can kind of alienate themselves. Yeah. Because they're like, okay, I don't understand this and I don't understand children, but you, you know, you don't, you love your friends and you want them to be a part of your life and, but you don't want them to be uncomfortable.


It's like, I would love for my friends who don't have kids to like be in my life or my child's life. Yeah. But 'cause you, but then it's like you have a kid, you, you understand that I don't need, you don't, like, you don't need your friends to phone over your kid. No. You, you have such a good thing with your kid. Yeah. And you know, they're cute and you know, they love you so you don't, you don't need, and I think people think, oh, I'm supposed to play some other role. Yeah. Like, like you don't even need to mention like the kid's name, but I'll, I'll be like obsessed with some of my friend's kids and like Right. You know, they're, but but then also, like, I don't remember all their names and True. Like, it's like you have your own, like, you're like, I'm good. Me and my kid are good. Like, yes. You know, and, but, but really I'm not like, if someone were like, you know, I just don't feel like everybody has to have Kids.


No, and that's what I was gonna say, like, I feel like people can read the room better if you are a mother and you know, your friend has been struggling and whether she can't have kids or she doesn't wanna have kids, stop being the one being like, let me just show you one more photo. Like, that's sick. Knock it off My, every one of my friends, I, I would say, I would say like alm almost a hundred percent of my friends have had miscarriages and, and I feel like lucky that we all like Yeah. Feel comfortable sharing that with each other. Yeah. Because like, it's so painful and, you know, whatever. I'm like gonna say people don't talk about it, but they do. Because I've heard people say they don't talk about it, but I just feel like it's the, it's The most sensitive thing.


Yeah. I think for any woman, like that's The most painful thing I can imagine. So, Yeah. And I feel like your your movie though brings light to what is a very sensitive topic and I, I found a lot of like, I don't know, I just enjoyed it because yes, there is so much negative around it of like, you, we aren't allowed to talk about this. And then it's like, oh, we're bitching if we talk about it too much. But if we don't open up about it, then we're not honest and real. And like, there's just so much that goes into being a fucking woman. Like, we've talked about this entire episode and I promise I'm wrapping up up, but I think You're, I'm having the best time. You are. You are. Did you have a good time? Yeah. Yeah. Like, are you gonna leave here and be like, I'm gonna leave here and be like, feel like I just hung out with a good friend.


I can. I hope that's not embarrassing. No, No, no. I I was so vulnerable in the beginning of this telling you I was like kind of like a fucking fan and I'm like, DMing you like a creep. And now that's so nice. Now we have like cred. Like now if I DM you, you're gonna answer me Not in like three years. You'll That's right. You'll answer me tomorrow years, Two years. Amy Schumer, thank you for coming and Call Her Daddy. Thanks for having me. You're amazing.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that Call Her Daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Hi, this is Steve Emi. You know the actor. Well now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work entertainment and campsite media and association with Olive Productions. Comes big time an Apple original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who isn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, who steals bees? I was duped. I shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.


This episode is brought to you by progressive commercial insurance business owners meet Progressive Insurance. They make it easy to get discounts on commercial auto insurance and find coverages to grow with your business. Quote in as little as seven minutes@progressivecommercial.com. Progressive casualty insurance company coverage provided in service by affiliated and third party insurers, discounts and coverage selections not available in all states or situations.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.