
Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Experience the flavors of Latin America event at Whole Foods Market with steals on vibrant ingredients in zesty creation, storewide, save on no antibiotics ever meat like chicken thighs and marinated skirt steak, fresh avocados, plus street food inspired items and more through March 25th.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement, bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


I am currently on my way to a preferred women's health center where women in Charlotte, North Carolina get abortions. It's a Saturday, so the clinic is probably gonna be pretty busy. Saturday also is probably when a lot of protesters will be here. If there's one episode of Call Her Daddy that people should watch and listen to. It's this one 50 Years worth of women's rights in America over overturn.


You need and ended a Woman's constitutional right to an abortion. Overturning Roe Puts every single one of us in danger Has done wrong to deserve the death sentence today. Deserve an end in the trashcan. Did you choose light? Did you choose light? There's an ultrasound down there. Just go park there. Okay, go ahead. Go down there to the ultrasound drive. We're good.


Inside that building, you are not gonna find, you're not gonna find, you're not gonna find joy or peace or any of those things inside that building because those things can come from the, you don't have to go in there today. Wicked. That are driving you, that are bringing you into this building lying to you about the humanity of your child. Why you like tape into the, hi there. I'm a volunteer at the clinic to walk in, ma'am, no matter what, beating that baby is precious in the sun.


God, the six God said, thou shall not murder. I wanna start off by having you introduce yourself. I'm Calla Hales. I'm the executive director of a Preferred Women's Health Center and I've, this is my ninth year being here. So Your parents started this clinic? Yes. In what ways has your clinic been impacted by the overturn of Roe v. Wade? This is easily The most desperate I've ever seen patients, which is very frustrating. However, like we do focus on the fact that we are still helping patients live their best lives because Like as an outsider just coming in and seeing the protestors immediately I'm like, holy shit, this is hell.


And this is like an easy day. Once you get here and you're driving to the clinic, you're driving past these folks who are calling themselves pregnancy counselors, but they're not with the clinic. And they're specifically trying to stop patients to explain to them why they shouldn't have an abortion or what they can do. Instead, you're seeing these patients and their companions come in and you start hearing people yelling at you and being like, you're a murderer. You're a slut. Mama. Don't kill your baby. They're so loud that you can hear it through the doors and through the walls and it is traumatizing.


One of the worst and most uncomfortable feelings to have is when a patient comes in and like is so distraught and so upset and you know, you ask 'em what's wrong and they're like, am I gonna die? I'm like, honey, why did you come in if you thought you were gonna die? And she was like, well, I can't have this baby, but the guy outside tells me that like, people die here all the time. And I'm like, the fact that you felt like you were submitting yourself to what you thought could be certain death is just so heartbreaking. Well, now that abortion laws can be determined by each state, conservative America is tightening its Grit. So we knew that the United States Supreme Court was gonna overturn Roe v. Wade Fuck.


And I mean this with all disrespect in my heart view, 26 States will ban abortion. You're talking about 36 million women of reproductive age, A 15-year-old girl, and my rights are being threatened. And I came here because I'm hoping to not allow these government officials who think they have control over my body to do what they're doing and take us back 50 years of fighting. The day that the ruling came down, I had to immediately call up my staff and tell them to stop seeing patients. Because in Alabama we had a law that said that all abortion was illegal, and anyone who was involved could be put in jail.


I'm Robin Marty, I am operations director for West Alabama Women's Center. And until a few months ago, it provided about half of the abortions in the state of Alabama. Now it just does reproductive healthcare. As we sit here today, how many states have made abortion illegal At this point? We have 14 states where there's no longer legal abortion. Now that Roe v Wade has been overturned, all of the states get to decide individually whether or not there will be legal abortion. And they don't have to have it legal in their state at all. A lot of times people think, okay, that means I have to go to the next state over in order to get an abortion. Where I'm from in the south, in the Gulf Coast, there's no legal abortion anywhere.


So Is that when people are referring to like an abortion desert? Yeah, an abortion desert means that you have hundreds of miles that you have to go through in order to be able to access a legal clinic. Go back, we'll go back, we'll go back, we'll go back. We'll Go back. There have been bills in a number of states to ban common forms of birth control, not abortion birth control. I think every woman in America needs to know this. Should women be nervous and worried that birth control and plan B could potentially become illegal? Oh God, yes. I'm so terrified of it. Specifically in Alabama, we think the next legislative session that emergency contraception is gonna be banned.


And we think this because right after the, right after the decision, there was a reporter who went through and asked all of the representatives whether they would consider banning emergency contraception next. And the worst part was most of them responded. I don't really know what that is, but yeah, we're gonna, that sounds like a good thing to ban. I don't know how it works, but yeah, we should ban it because that's what we're at. I don't know how it works, but yes, let's get rid of it.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by R. The best life is a life in motion. Daddy Gang. I feel my best when I have a full to-do list and a calendar and my life organized. And I feel like it gives me purpose and I feel invigorated each day knowing what I'm gonna do. And r crafts clothes for balancing ambition. With breathable, flexible, and resilient fabrics, you can stay confident, comfortable, and focused no matter where your journey takes you. The Revive Collection was designed to feel effortless while performing relentlessly. Every piece supports your pursuit of balance to stay focused on what matters most. But balance requires intention. Dream Glow is purposefully designed to support moments of recalibration and self-reflection. Each piece empowers you to embrace stillness without sacrificing a thing. Whether you're taking time to recharge or preparing for what's to come. You guys know me. I need to feel comfortable and cozy. And when you look at Ron's collection, the softness of the Revive Collection, in my opinion, is something that needs to be a standard when you're putting on clothes. The Dream Glow Collection also allows you to feel super comfortable and to also relax and enjoy your time. R is performance apparel fit for progress? Use code. Call Her Daddy to save 20% at rone.com/ Call Her Daddy. That's RHON e.com/ Call Her Daddy with code. Call Her Daddy at checkout.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you, Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well, guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I'll know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay, so kick your old boyfriends to the gerb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie, I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay, I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Your baby's heart started beating in your womb just below your own heart. If you can't name five part of a woman's reproductive system, you don't deserve an opinion on women's reproductive healthcare. You're not pro-life. You're pro force. Birth women are not your incubators. Your religion does not have a place in my doctor's office. Well, we offer healthcare decision. I drove up to the clinic while this protest is going on and I I was shaking. It's fucking terrifying. There's so much shame. As I was driving, a man just started screaming, murderer, murderer.


And a woman shoved her face at my car window and is like, did you Choose life? Did you choose life? Did you choose life? There's An ultrasound down there, just go park there. Faye. The shame that they're trying to inflict on these women, the confusion also of like how they make you feel. It's so overwhelming and it's, I can't, I cannot even imagine waking up in the morning to get an abortion and to have to fucking deal with this bullshit. It is, it's insane. Who Are in the months down the Line? I am Kristy Kelly. My regular job is I'm a corporate accountant and I have been volunteering in like some sphere of reproductive justice for off and on 20 odd years.


Your Job is an escort and Defender. Okay. So can you describe what those jobs do? Sure. So escort's job is to, you know, once the patient's in the parking lot, you get them from their vehicle into the clinic door. And the whole point is just to shield them as much as possible. You know, to maintain their privacy and dignity and to try to shield them from, you know, a lot of the rhetoric and really nasty things. Do The protestors ever provide misinformation to the patients? A better question would be do they ever not provide misinformation? They try to say things that are not true. Like if you go in there, you will die. And abortion is not safe and abortion is incredibly safe. It is safer. Have you ever had a root canal or gotten your wisdom teeth out?


You were in way more danger. It's All scare Tactics. Mostly. Yeah. And shame. Yeah, shame and fear is easiest thing to learn about. Like the anti-choice stuff and all of that. It's not about babies. It's never ever ever been by babies. It's about control. We are having a conference here Conference And I'm trying to enlighten these nice folks. Oh, Daniel, how you folks of their slavery sin and their need to repent Faith From Jesus, I'm free. You're concerned about, you're concerned about yours as Well. Why do you think my soul is in jeopardy? Because you're supporting the murder of children. How you're in rebellion to God because how am Children being murdered inside of there? What if I don't believe in God?


How can I be in rebellion of something? I don't believe it. I mean you can stand on a, on a interstate and say, I don't believe in Mack trucks is one coming at you at 70 miles an hour. So you are equating God with a Mack truck And you need to bow before me when you address it. Oh, I will never bow before because I identify as royal. I've always felt royal. You I Was born. Well of course if felt royal, you're a white man. Do You believe in equality of women and men? I believe in equality of value, yes. I don't believe in equality of function. Like literally men and women have different functions with their, with their bodies and the way their bodies operate. What is your goal when you show up to this place? My goal is to try to persuade people not to take the innocent lives of their children and offer 'em alternatives somehow.


Judge, do you Think a man's issue? I do think abortion is a man's issue. Yes. Why is that? Men didn't take advantage of women and have sex with them outside of marriage, then this wouldn't be a thing. Do You think that it would be helpful if men all at a young age got vasectomies and then when they were ready to financially be able to support a child, then they get it reversed? Are You suggesting that the government institute that as a, as a government program? Well At this point we're regulating the uterus. We could also regulate the penises, right? I mean if We're forced to have the kids, You believe that? I'm just asking you would, do you think that would help? I don't know. I don't think it would be helpful for society.


I am Shannon. I am the executive director of Charlotte for Choice, which is a nonprofit that helps defend and escort patients coming into the clinic. What Do you make of the term Prolife? I don't use it because these folks are pro-life would be taking care of their, you know, children that are born working with houseless population, helping others. They don't. They also believe that, you know, help yourself. We will give you everything you need up to two years of life. That's what the antis tell the patients. We will give you a lavish baby shower for everything you need up to two years of life. There's, there's a little bit more involved.


So let's talk about this RV because this is, this is crazy. This is evil. And you know, you know in your heart that this is the murder of your child. What is happening in this rv? What is the purpose of the rv? You can Have a free ultrasound and see your precious baby. They allegedly have an ultrasound. They say they have a nurse that gives you ultrasound. They try to get patients to come on the rv. Young women, We have real help for you today. We have, yeah, perhaps they give ultrasounds, but while they're doing that, they're trying to convince them as to why they need to continue the pregnancy. Please Do not do this Today. They also use this opportunity to hopefully get the patients to not make their appointment, miss their appointment time.


I can't actually remember a time where an ultrasound from that bus was accurate. I've had folks come in say, well they said they couldn't see anything like I was too early to be seen. Or you tell them they're too far along to be seen to begin with. Like there's, there's real manipulation here that really works to keep a patient from getting services. We don't take money for what we do. They don't want you to have any other choices but death. But we have many choices. Help for housing, food, a big baby shower for your child that covers close to two years of The baby's life. If you're gonna tell someone we have resources for you, be honest about what those resources are. If you take resources from them, they make them sign this like really elaborate contract.


You have to give them access to going to medical appointments, to posting your image and your potentially future child's image on social media. They get to use you as a bargaining shit success story. That's pretty gross. That's really, really exploitative. And there's a huge element of, you know, white saviorism to it too. That is extra gross. It Does feel very manipulative, Right? 'cause they're gonna say, we have resources. We can do this, this, this, this, and this for you. They don't. We've looked at those pamphlets. They're the number to the local social services. It's how to apply for Medicaid, how to apply for food stamps. How is that helping someone


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay. So I went on a trip with all of my girlfriends to Vermont where my best friend was getting married and we were all gonna figure out like, well, where do we wanna stay? And oh, this place is too far away and if you stay there I won't really get ready with you. And then we decided on an Airbnb and it was the best decision of the weekend because we got this house. All of us stayed there. Matt came, my friends came, my friend brought her boyfriend, and we all were able to feel like we were almost back in college where we were all in one space. We all got to make our coffee together, we got to eat breakfast together, we got to go on walks together. We got to have late night conversations after we went to the rehearsal dinner and the weddings. And it was just the best time because I feel like if you don't stay in an Airbnb, you're not gonna be as close. You're not gonna have those late night conversations. And we as girls, you know how much goes into those late night conversations. We also had a pool table, which was so fun. The guys ended up playing while the girls were having wine in the living room in front of the fire. Just talking about all the things about life and dating and relationships. You know, a wedding makes you emotional. I told Matt in 2025, my goal is to stay in more Airbnbs wherever we go. If we're exploring a new city culture, learning a new language, traveling, wherever it be, Airbnb is where it's at. So you can really be fully, fully invested in your time and experience all the things that come with that environment. Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only the new city but a new space in the city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at a local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants stady yang. And if you wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where guest favorites might inspire you and may create a new tradition for you. So Daddy Gang, as you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. Want a big kitchen, A gym somewhere you can bring your dog. It's my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th


Inside that building. You're not gonna find hope. We hear the religious rights say that it's okay to do those kind of lies because it's for a good cause. It's for God. God's word says the sixth commanded. God says, thou shall not murder. And it just terrifies me because when you feel that every person who is for bodily autonomy is evil, they Don't believe they're lies and destruction of this world. The wicked people, Everything's justified. Holy Mary Mother, they believe that they are fighting the spiritual battle. And we are the devil, Lord Grace, Lord holy mother of God.


I don't care how many of y'all come out here, I don't care how many times you come out here, people are gonna get abortions. Abortion is still legal in North Carolina. We are still free. You uphold white supremacy, you uphold the legacy of slavery, forced childbirth. How does religion play a part in the fight for women to have access to this type of healthcare Power? Now, God heaven come down fourth birth? Well, their religion doesn't like women. When you look at all of the language in the decision that overturned rovy Wade, it's all hearkening back to the 15 and 16 hundreds when women were possessions that were traded for cows and used to make alliances, but they weren't people, they didn't have any control over their lives.


And that's what they like. They like the idea of women as possessions. They like the idea of women as something that they can move around and bend around and will do whatever it is that they want. And what better way to do that than to have her exhausted and constantly pregnant. Being able to control your own body gives you independence. And that's not something that they enjoy. That's not something they like and apparently it's not something that is part of their Christianity. My name's Kristen Smith. My name is Rona. My name's Nick. I'm a non-binary person. My name is Jack. My pronouns are they them. My name is. And I had an abortion. I had an abortion. I Had an abortion when I was 20 years old. I found Out I was pregnant when I was in my early twenties and I had An abortion in Texas in 2017.


The condom broke. I went and got a plan B that did not help. And when I found myself in that position, you know, the partner I had at the time, B, had a really tumultuous and complicated relationship that was not healthy. I was unemployed. I was just in a period of a lot of instability. I was living with a bunch of roommates. It was like the worst time to find out I was pregnant. I got pregnant just after my 40th birthday. Like many people who have abortions, I was already a mom at the time. I Have three kids. And last year in May, I found out that we were pregnant with our fourth.


It was unexpected, but we quickly got excited. We found out it was a boy and we named him Case. Everything was perfect up until my 20 week ultrasound, I Knew from the moment that I saw a positive pregnancy test that I did not wanna continue the pregnancy. I felt my heart sink to like the bottom of my stomach. And I, I remember I was just crying, crying because I was afraid. I knew in my soul that I couldn't watch Case be born to struggle to breathe, to go through any type of pain, to just lay there and watch him die.


I just, I couldn't imagine it. So I scheduled, I called the the clinic in DC and I scheduled an appointment For me, it was not a hard decision to have an abortion. I was already struggling to balance work and being a parent, I felt like my kids deserved a hundred percent of my attention. I did have to face protesters on that day and it made it really hard. You know, it honestly was just really humiliating to have to listen to people scream about me and you know, tell me I'm a bad person for making a medical decision that has nothing to do with them.


Having an abortion is probably one of the best things that's ever happened to me. Having that access is one of the best things that has ever happened to me. It gave me freedom, it gave me a life. I absolutely would not have been able to carry that to term. There's no way I would've survived that. I would've made sure I didn't survive that. I do think about that pregnancy and think about what my life would have been like if I had added another child to our family at that point. And I'm very glad I made that decision. I Felt so relieved that I could finally move on with my life. I could finally heal. I wanted to graduate. I wanted to study abroad.


I wanted to do so many things. And because of my abortion, I'm now figuring those things out. And it changed my life for the better. Having the right to an abortion, having my abortion, it saved my life. It allowed me to become a parent when I was good and ready over a full decade later. It meant that I could grow my family on my own terms according to my own timeline with a PhD degree in hand. And pursuing a career I care about deeply, it meant that I could live my life in the way that I knew was best for me. They know who you are.


Yeah. You're pregnant. Yes. Like is that almost to them, like confusing, like, oh, the woman that's helping give abortions is pregnant now. Like how do they treat you? Some of them, it really does radically fuck with their heads. Last time I was pregnant, I gave, I gave birth during Covid and after I gave birth, I had complications, my daughter had complications. And that information got out somehow. And that led to a lot of protestors being like, this is, this is punishment. Your, your daughter's gonna die. Like this is gonna be punishment for all those babies you killed. This is your karma. This is your retribution. I used to take it really personally.


I don't as much anymore just because of the fact that if you did, if you took it personally like it would eat you alive. And I feel like that's what they want though. I I they want to eat you alive. They want you to quit. They want you to just make their lives easier. You have been personally attacked because of the work you do. Do you mind sharing what happened to you in Raleigh? So when I was still in Raleigh, I had just gotten outta grad school and moved back down. And like most people who are new to a, an area, you, you know, you make friends, you, you go on dates and things like that.


And I unfortunately went on a date with someone who I thought was normal and wasn't turned out to be a protester who knew me and knew my family and knew what I did and had a lot of feelings about it and in turn took that out on me and I was attacked and assaulted.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender from the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Testing, testing. We are live From Chick-fil-A. This is Grant and This is Laura. And a little thing we love about the Chick-fil-A smokehouse barbecue bacon sandwich is that sweet bun. And that chicken filet was perfectly crispy and soft at the same time. And that smokehouse barbecue sauce, it's a lot of fun. And the brown sugar bacon definitely had a little bit more pizazz. Also the Mac, one of the all time grates, man, I'm getting hungry. Order the smokehouse barbecue bacon sandwich and our Coca-Cola on the Chick-fil-A app. For a limited time, real guests paid for their testimonials.


She needs a second. Oh no, She's seen me do this way too many times. I, I'm sad because I don't think people understand. It's very hard. It's hard to be an open book. It's difficult to live life really publicly. And it's, it's difficult when you know that there are people that want to cause you harm. And Cala is so unbelievably brave and she just keeps coming back and she does it over and over and over again. You good?


Obviously you're still working in this field, it's very close to you and your family. But to have something happen to you like that, like how did you move on? There's a certain level that you don't move on. I will say that it still comes up, it catches me off guard when it still comes up. But obviously I was caught off guard in this conversation. Yeah, yeah, because you lock it, you just lock it down and you keep moving. It's like that is a thing. It happened. And I have to now see patients who are in that exact situation too. So if I can use that to help them and understand them, one of the things that I do try to be kind of open about is, and like I keep, like Robin said, like I keep coming back and I keep being this open book is because quite honestly, people need that.


And they need to know that they can talk about it. Don't murder an innocent child at, you're not gonna be able to escape death. Christ. Now, I grew up in the church, I know the Bible. I know the true love of Jesus Christ. These people they don't know of. They spread hate. They take his name in vain and spread a message of hate and disgust and vile Little man women, not free.


No one is free. No here because men have decided that they have soren power over our bodies, our voices. They're Not pro-life, they're pro hypocrisy, pro-birth and pro control. All they really care about is controlling and suppressing women. We need to let them know that this is our body, that we do what the fuck we wanna do with our body. This is not exclusively a healthcare issue. It has become, it is political. And in order to have autonomy over my own body, I need to get out there and vote.


It's like, why do I have to vote to have control over my own body? How are we not progressed enough as a society where women have equal rights to men? That's a fabulous question. How long is your podcast? I mean, everything's about inequality, but also it's not just about women not being equal to men. It's about white patriarchal men who are terrified of the idea of losing power. Because when they grew up, they've always been the ones in charge. They've always been the ones likely to be running the board meetings. They're the ones that get called on The most in class. They've always been in charge. So much of it is about control. And that does take you back to the patriarchy.


If you are not assigned male at birth, you have less power in this country. You just do. At some point, we're going to get to a place where people are going to have to challenge laws and you challenge laws by breaking them. It's something that quite frankly I'm doing at this moment by saying it on a camera, because I could get charged with conspiracy in my home state of Alabama. But everybody should have access to an abortion. Everybody can get access to an abortion and they can do that by accessing pills online. Every person can do that regardless of their state, by going to aid access.org, ordering pills and having them. Interesting, the concept of breaking laws and let's see, because if every single woman in America, if we all join together and we decide, no, we're actually, we do deserve abortions.


It's my fucking body. I'm gonna do whatever the hell I want. Exactly. There was this amazing protest where a hundred women got together and took medication abortion out in the middle of the public square. Two of them were actually doing actual pills. The rest of them were taking Tylenol or something. Nobody knew who was who and what was what. No one was arrested. That's the kinda shit we need to be doing. What will happen when the government in Alabama sees this? That's an excellent question and it's one that I'm ready for. At some point you have to decide what you're willing to do in order to make change. I don't think a lot of people understand what's going on, which is essentially a war against women.


And our bodies coming here has opened my eyes and I feel so grateful because there's never been a greater moment that Daddy Gang can actually affect what's going on in the world. Like we genuinely can make a difference and change. And I hope this episode shows like this is us, this we are the women that could potentially also be going through this one day. And so if we don't fight for ourselves, who the fuck is going to? What would be your rally cry to people in America that are listening to this in their dorm rooms at home, in their apartments, wherever they're listening, what would you say to them? First off is fight.


When you fight, you start building strength. When you start getting up, when you start getting momentum, when you start moving, you're getting ready to battle. And that's some that is, I, I hate to use that terminology, but that's, that's what's going on. This is a very much a battle. I know it's a broken system and that voting is such a hard thing in this country and so complicated, but it's the broken system we have. And to ignore it just means downfall faster. The idea of hell has no fury like a woman scorned. You just scorned a whole fucking nation of women and they're coming for you. Like that is the thing that gets me through every day is the thought of the reckoning.


I call it the reckoning in my head because of course I do. And it's going to be amazing and I can't wait to watch it. And your audience is who is going to change everything because they're the ones who are gonna be The most impacted by this. They are the first generation who is going to know what it's like to grow up without reproductive rights. That is going to have to face the idea that there are a bunch of men in power that think that they deserve less, that they don't deserve to have control over their bodies. That they don't deserve to have sex just for pleasure. Like what? What good is a world without sex for pleasure? And they're gonna fight for it.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.