
Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast. To start your free trial today,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Intuit QuickBooks. Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? Yes. Amazing. It is time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses. So manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your Way to Money get 90% off for three months. Limited time only terms and conditions apply. Money Movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Haagen Dazs is made to be savored and enjoyed slowly introducing new Haagen Dazs Belgian waffle cones. A completely new experience that's S worth slowing down for Available in four delicious flavors, including my favorite toasted Almond Fudge. It's a crispy Belgian waffle cone full of luxurious vanilla ice cream Topped with toasted almonds and milk chocolate curls, And finished with fudge sauce at the bottom. Daddy Gang, I love, love, love a good vanilla chocolate almond combo. So get yourself some ice cream. New Haagen Dazs, Belgian waffle cones available at retailers nationwide.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber Eats. Okay Daddy Gang. We all know Uber Eats has the best selection of local restaurants, but did you know they also eat when it comes to a whole range of delivery services? Now that might be a lot to take in, so let's break it down. Okay. Uber Eats isn't just for locked in salad bowl lunches or pre-gaming with Thai, when you can't make it to the store, you can just get about anything you need delivered straight to your door. With Uber Eats right now, you could be checking off your whole shopping list. Okay? Of course, I'm locked in on Uber Eats when it comes to getting my lunchtime sandwiches or a good delicious meal after work. But say I need a little cocktail at the end of the day, Uber Eats is my go-to spot to get all of the ingredients I need sent to my door. I also use Uber Eats for pretty much everything. Paper towels, groceries, snacks. I even order a pair of flip flops to the nail salon, okay? They've got my back no matter where I am. When you can't make it to the store, Uber Eats brings you the store essentially, okay? There is nothing better than putting on a good show, getting cozy on the couch and having the perfect meal delivered right to me, along with five other things that I forgot to pick up that day. Uber Eats makes it easy to have it all. Get grocery, alcohol and everyday essentials in addition to the restaurant food you love. So in other words, get almost almost anything with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


I am currently on my way to a preferred women's health center where women in Charlotte, North Carolina get abortions. It's a Saturday, so the clinic is probably gonna be pretty busy. Saturday also is probably when a lot of protestors will be here. If there's one episode of Call Her Daddy that people should watch and listen to. It's this one 50 Years worth of women's rise in America.


You need instants ended a woman's constitutional right to an abortion. Overturning Roe puts every single one of us in danger, Has done nothing wrong to deserve the death sentence today, to deserve an end in the Did you choose light? Did you choose light? Not with the, there's an ultrasound down there. Just go park there. Okay, go ahead.


Go down there to the ultrasound, you drive, you're good. Keep driving inside that building. You're not gonna find hope. You're not gonna find help. You're not gonna find joy or peace or any of those things inside that building because none of those things can come from the murder of your innocent mother. You don't have to go in there today. Don't follow the path of the wicked that are driving you, that are bringing you into this building lying to you about the humanity of your child. You like tape into the, hi there. I'm a volunteer with the clinic. You walk in, ma'am, no matter what, beating that baby is precious in the side of God.


Six command. God says, not murder,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Adidas. When it comes to sport, pressure makes everything seem impossible, but anyone can choose to be a positive influence rather than a source of pressure. Positivity is a choice and it has the potential to transform the experience of sport altogether. I know as I was playing sports, I truly looked up to when I was a freshman and a sophomore, all of my captains, because the people that are leading are the ones that are going to genuinely impact you and how you feel. But also you kind of have to be your own leader and you have to internally know how to motivate yourself. But support is an incredible thing. It can give someone the extra self-confidence they need to hit the back of the net, push through to the finish line, or go faster, farther, and higher to achieve greatness. Think about a person who believed in you when you didn't believe in yourself, who turns self-doubt into self-belief, pressure into joy without them, where would you be now? How much did there you got? This? Make you who you are today. When someone shows up for you, Daddy Gang, or you show up for someone else that can change the game, change a challenge into a win. So whatever it is that you're taking on and you're looking at as a challenge in your life, we all have the power to choose. You got this, instead of don't f this up up. There's nothing like a great assist to help us. Remember you got this. Learn more at adidas.com/you got this


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Pandora jewelry. Step into the freedom of summer with jewelry that reflects who you are and where you're going. Daddy Gang, from sunrise to sunset, Pandora jewelry transports you to paradise. No passport required. From ocean charms to colorful tennis bracelets, shop new arrivals to add to your summer staples. Be unmissable this summer with vacation ready designs. Feel it, live it, embrace it. Be love. Shop in store or online@pandora.net to discover new styles.


I wanna start off by having you introduce yourself. I'm Calla Hales. I'm the executive director of a preferred Women's Health Center and I, this is my ninth year being here. So Your parents started this clinic? Yes. In what ways has your clinic been impacted by the overturn of Roe v Wade? This is easily The most desperate I've ever seen patients, which is very frustrating. However, like we do focus on the fact that we are still helping patients live their best lives because Like as an outsider just coming in and seeing the protestors immediately I'm like, holy shit, this is hell. And this is like an easy day. Once you get here and you're driving to the clinic, you're driving past these folks who are calling themselves pregnancy counselors, but they're not with the clinic and they're specifically trying to stop patients to explain to them why they shouldn't have an abortion or what they can do.


Instead, you're seeing these patients and their companions come in and you start hearing people yelling at you and being like, you're a murderer. You're a slut. Mama. Don't kill your baby. You're so loud that you can hear it through the doors and through the walls and it is traumatizing. One of the worst and most uncomfortable feelings to have is when a patient comes in and like is so distraught and so upset and you know, you ask 'em what's wrong and they're like, am I gonna die? I'm like, honey, why did you come in if you thought you were gonna die? And she was like, well, I can't have this baby, but the guy outside tells me that like people die here all the time.


And I'm like, the fact that you felt like you were submitting yourself to what you thought could be certain death is just so heartbreaking. Well Now that abortion laws can be determined by each state, Conservative America is tightening its grit. So we knew that the United States Supreme Court was gonna overturn Roe v Wade fuck. And I mean this with all disrespect in my heart. You 26 states will ban abortion. You're talking about 36 million women of reproductive age, a 15-year-old girl, and my rights are being threatened. And I came here because I'm hoping to not allow these government officials who think they have control over my body to do what they're doing and take us back 50 years of fighting.


The day that the ruling came down, I had to immediately call up my staff and tell them to stop seeing patients. Because in Alabama we had a law that said that all abortion was illegal and anyone who was involved could be put in jail. I'm Robin Marty, I am operations director for West Alabama Women's Center. And until a few months ago, it provided about half of the abortions in the state of Alabama. Now it just does reproductive healthcare. As we sit here today, how many states have made abortion illegal At this point? We have 14 states where there's no longer legal abortion. Now that Roe v Wade has been overturned, all of the states get to decide individually whether or not there will be legal abortion.


And they don't have to have it legal in their state at all. A lot of times people think, okay, that means I have to go to the next state over in order to get an abortion. Where I'm from in the south, in the Gulf Coast, there's no legal abortion anywhere. So Is that when people are referring to like an abortion desert? Yeah, an abortion desert means that you have hundreds of miles that you have to go through in order to be able to access a legal clinic. We Go back, we go back, we'll go back, we'll go back. There have been bills in a number of states to ban common forms of birth control, not abortion, birth control. I think every woman in America needs to know this.


Should women be nervous and worried that birth control and plan B could potentially become illegal? Oh God, yes. I'm so terrified of it. Specifically in Alabama, we think the next legislative session that emergency contraception is gonna be banned. And we think this because right after the, right after the decision, there was a reporter who went through and asked all of the representatives whether they would consider banning emergency contraception next. And the worst part was most of them responded. I don't really know what that is, but yeah, we're gonna, that sounds like a good thing to ban. I don't know how it works, but yeah, we should ban it because that's what we're at.


I don't know how it works, but yes, let's get rid of it. Your baby's heart started beating in your womb just below your own heart. If you can't name five parts of a woman's reproductive system, you don't deserve an opinion on women's reproductive healthcare. You're not pro-life. You're pro force. Birth women are not your incubators. Your religion does not have a place in my doctor's office. Well, we offer healthcare decision. I drove up to the clinic while this protest is going on and I, I was shaking.


It's fucking terrifying. There's so much shame. As I was driving, a man just started screaming, murderer, murderer. And a woman shoved her face at my car window and is like, did You choose life? Did You choose life? Did you choose life? There's an Ultrasound down there, Just go park there. Faye. The shame that they're trying to inflict on these women, the confusion also of like how they make you feel. It's so overwhelming and it's, I can't, I cannot even imagine waking up in the morning to get an abortion and to have to fucking deal with this bullshit. It is, it's insane. Who are in the room? Today will be four months down the line.


I am Christy Kelly. My regular job is I'm a corporate accountant and I have been following tear in like some sphere of reproductive justice for off and on 20 odd years. Your job is an escort and defender. Okay. So can you describe what those jobs do? Sure. So escort's job is to, you know, once the patient's in the parking lot, you get them from their vehicle into the clinic door. And the whole point is just to shield them as much as possible. You know, to maintain their privacy and dignity and to try to shield them from, you know, a lot of the rhetoric and really nasty things. Do the protestors ever provide misinformation to the patients? A better question would be do they ever not provide misinformation?


They try to say things that are not true. Like if you go in there you will die. And abortion is not safe and abortion is incredibly safe. It is safer. Have you ever had a root canal or gotten your wisdom teeth out? You were in way more danger? It's All scare tactics. Mostly, yeah. And shame. Yeah, shame. Shame and fear is easiest thing to learn about. Like the anti-choice stuff and all of that. It's not about babies. It's never ever ever been babies. It's about control. We are having a conference here Conference And I'm trying to enlighten these nice folks. Oh Daniel, how of their slavery sin and their need to repent From Jesus. I'm free. You're concerned, about's Concerned about yours as Well.


Why do you think my soul is in jeopardy? Because you're supporting the murder of children. How sir? You're in rebellion to God because how Am children are being, being murdered inside of there. God, what if I don't believe in God? How can I be in rebellion to someone? I mean I don't believe can stand on on a interstate and say, I don't believe inm trucks is one coming at you at 70 miles an hour. So you are equating God with a Mack truck And you need to bow before me when you address it. Oh, I will never bow before. 'cause I identify as royalties. I've always felt royal ever since I Was born. Well of course you felt royal. You're a white man. You Believe in equality of women and men. I believe in equality of value. Yes. I don't believe in equality of function. Like literally men and women have different functions with their, with their bodies and the way their bodies operate.


What is your goal when you show up to this place? My Goal is to try to persuade people not to take the innocent lives of their children and offer 'em alternatives. So Man's issue. I do think abortion is a man's issue. Yes. Why is that? Men didn't take advantage of women and have sex with them outside of marriage then this wouldn't be a thing. Do you think that it would be helpful if men all at a young age got vasectomies and then when they were ready to financially be able to support a child, then they get it reversed? Are you suggesting that the government institute that as a, as a government program? Well at This point we're regulating the uterus. We could also regulate the penises, right?


I mean if we're Forced to have the kids, do you Believe that? I'm Just asking you would, do you think that would help? I don't know. I don't think it would be helpful for society.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Air B and B. Oh my God. Okay. I'm very, very excited for summer 2025. And when I think about summer, I think about my birthday because I am an August baby and I love to use my birthday as an excuse for Matt and I to go away. I don't really love big parties. I really want this summer to be a really, really romantic getaway for Matt and I. And that is where we are going to use Airbnb. I have been using the guest favorites section of Airbnb. If you guys dunno what that is. They basically post guest favorite listings that can then help inspire a trip where you want to go. Personally, I wanna be by the beach this summer. So Airbnb is the best way to make your trip. One to remember because you get to explore not only a new city but the new space in that city. And staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at the local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants. If you just want to go somewhere but you don't really know where yet, let Airbnb make the decision for you. I'm kind of letting them do that for me. Guest favorites might inspire you and maybe you can create a new tradition of your own Daddy Gang. So if you have goals for the new year but you're worried about how to maintain them when you're traveling, Airbnb makes it easy. With plenty of privacy and kitchen space, you can still make health and wellness a priority while you're away from home. As you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to say, because your accommodation can really make or bake the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with Airbnb.


Want high quality groceries without the markup? Thrive Market delivers top tier groceries without the junk or the hefty price tag. Use filters like high protein, no seed oil or keto to find what fits your goals while saving up to 30% of what you'd spend with the other guys. Keep your standards high and your spending smart with Thrive Market. Go to thrive market.com/podcast to get 30% off your first order, plus a free $60 gift. No junk, no hassle, just better groceries.


I'm Shannon. I am the executive director of Charlotte for Choice, which is a nonprofit that helps defend and escort patients coming to the clinic. What do you make of the term pro-life? I don't use it because these folks are pro-life would be taking care of the, you know, children that are born working with houseless population, helping others. They, they don't. They also believe that, you know, help yourself. We will give you everything you need up to two years of life. That's what the antis tell the patients. We will give you a lavish baby shower for everything you need up to two years of life. There's, there's a little bit more involved.


So let's talk about this RV because this is, this is crazy. This Is evil. And you know, you know in your heart that this is the murder of your Child. What is happening in this rv? What is the purpose of the rv? You can have A free ultrasound and see your precious Baby. They allegedly have an ultrasound. They say they have a nurse that gives you ultrasound and they try to get patients to come on the rv. Young women, We have real help for you today. Yeah, perhaps they give ultrasounds, but while they're doing that, they're trying to convince them as to why they need to continue the pregnancy. Please Do not do this Today. They also use this opportunity to hopefully get the patients to not make their appointment, miss their appointment time.


I can't actually remember a time where an ultrasound from that bus was accurate. I've had folks come in say, well they said they couldn't see anything like I was too early to be seen. Or you tell them they're too far along to be seen to begin with. Like there's, there's real manipulation here that really works to keep a patient from getting services Drive and keep driving and drop. And We don't take money for what we do. They don't want you to have any other choices but death. But we have many choices. Help for housing, food, a big baby shower for your child that covers close to two years of the baby's life. If you're gonna tell someone we have resources for you, be honest about what those resources are. If you take resources from them, they make them sign this like really elaborate contract.


You have to give them access to going to medical appointments, to posting your image and your potentially future child's image on social media. They get to use you as a bargaining success story. That's pretty gross. That's really, really exploitative. And there's a huge element of, you know, white saviorism to it too. That is extra gross. It does feel very manipulative, Right? 'cause they're gonna say, we have resources. We can do this, this, this, this, and this for you. They don't. We've looked at those pamphlets. They're the number to the local social services. It's how do apply for Medicaid, how to apply for food stamps. How is that helping someone Inside that building? You're not gonna find hope. We hear the religious rights say that it's okay to do those kind of lies because it's for a good cause.


It's for God. God's word says the sixth command. And God says, thou shall not murder. And it just terrifies me. Because when you feel that every person who is for bodily autonomy is evil, they Don't believe their lies and destruction of this world. For wicked people, Everything's justified. They believe that they are fighting the spiritual battle. And we are the devil, Lord, grace, the Lord Blessed and blessed God. Holy Mary mother, I don't care how many of y'all come out here.


I don't care how many times you come out here, people are gonna get abortions. Abortion is still legal in North Carolina. We are still free. You uphold white supremacy, you uphold the legacy of slavery, forced childbirth. How does religion play a part in the fight for women to have access to this type of healthcare Power? Now, God heaven come down. Well, their religion doesn't like women. When you look at all of the language in the decision that overturned rovy Wade, it's all hearkening back to the 15 and 16 hundreds when women were possessions that were traded for cows and used to make alliances, but they weren't people, they didn't have any control over their lives.


And that's what they like. They like the idea of women as possessions. They like the idea of women as something that they can move around and bend around and will do whatever it is that they want. And what better way to do that than to have her exhausted and constantly pregnant. Being able to control your own body gives you independence. And that's not something that they enjoy. That's not something they like and apparently it's not something that is part of their Christianity. My name's Kristen Smith. My Name's Ronna. My name's Nick. I'm a non-binary person. My name is Jack. My pronouns are they them. My name is Victoria and I had an abortion. I had an abortion. I Had an abortion when I was 20 years old. I Found out I was pregnant when I was in my early twenties and I had an abortion in Texas in 2017.


The condom broke. I went and got a plan B that did not help. And when I found myself in that position, you know the partner I had at the time, he had a really tumultuous and complicated relationship that was not healthy. I was unemployed. I was just in a period of a lot of instability. I was living with a bunch of roommates. It was like the worst time to find out I was pregnant. I got pregnant just after my 40th birthday. Like many people who have abortions, I was already a mom at the time. I have three kids. And last year in May, I found out that we were pregnant with our fourth.


It was unexpected, but we quickly got excited. We found out it was a boy and we named him Case. Everything was perfect up until my 20 week ultrasound, I knew from the moment that I saw the positive pregnancy test that I did not wanna continue the pregnancy. I felt my heart sink to like the bottom of my stomach. And I, I remember I was just crying, crying because I was afraid. I knew in my soul that I couldn't watch Case be born to struggle to breathe, to go through any type of pain, to just lay there and watch him die.


I just, I couldn't imagine it. So I scheduled, I called the the clinic in DC and I scheduled an appointment For me, it was not a hard decision to have an abortion. I was already struggling to balance work and being a parent, I felt like my kids deserved a hundred percent of my attention. I did have to face protesters on that day and it made it really hard. You know, it honestly was just really humiliating to have to listen to people scream about me and you know, tell me I'm a bad person for making a medical decision that has nothing to do with them.


Having an abortion is probably one of the best things that's ever happened to me. Having that access is one of the best things that has ever happened to me. It gave me freedom, it gave me a life. I absolutely would not have been able to carry that to term. There's no way I would've survived that. I would've made sure I didn't survive that. I do think about that pregnancy and think about what my life would have been like if I had added another child to our family at that point. And I'm very glad I made that decision. I felt so relieved that I could finally move on with my life. I could finally heal. I wanted to graduate. I wanted to study abroad.


I wanted to do so many things. And because of my abortion, I'm now figuring those things out. And it changed my life for the better. Having the right to an abortion, having my abortion, it saved my life. It allowed me to become a parent when I was good and ready over a full decade later. It meant that I could grow my family on my own terms according to my own timeline. With a PhD degree in hand. And pursuing a career I care about deeply, it meant that I could live my life in the way that I knew was best for me.


Look, if you've got prescriptions, the Walmart app is your place to manage them, transfer your scripts, refill them, and have them delivered straight to you. Migraines managed allergies alleviated. Dermatology, Derma delivered Ding-Dong. Is that your pizza? Nope. Walmart Pharmacy delivery with a refill. Switch to Walmart and manage your prescriptions in the app. The Walmart you thought you knew is now new delivery not available for all prescriptions. Exclusions apply.


Want high quality groceries without the markup? Thrive Market delivers top tier groceries without the junk or the hefty price tag. Use filters like high protein, no seed, oil or keto to find what fits your goals while saving up to 30% of what you'd spend with the other guys. Keep your standards high and your spending smart with Thrive Market. Go to thrive market.com/podcast to get 30% off your first order. Plus a free $60 gift. No junk, no hassle. Just better groceries.


They know who you are. Yeah, you're pregnant. Yes. Like is that almost to them? Like confusing, like, oh, the woman that's helping give abortions is pregnant now. Like how do they treat you? Some of them, it really does radically fuck with their heads. Last time I was pregnant, I gave, I gave birth during COVID and after I gave birth, I had complications, my daughter had complications. And that information got out somehow. And that led to a lot of protesters being like, this is, this is punishment. Your, your daughter's gonna die. Like this is gonna be punishment for all those babies you killed. This is your karma. This is your retribution.


I used to take it really personally. I don't as much anymore just because of the fact that If you Did, if you took it personally like it would eat you alive. And I feel like that's what they want though. I, they want to eat you alive. They want you to quit. They want you to just make their lives easier. You have been personally attacked because of the work you do. Do you mind sharing what happened to you in Raleigh? So when I was still in Raleigh, I had just gotten outta grad school and moved back down. And like most people who are new to a an area, you, you know, you make friends, you, you go on dates and things like that.


And I unfortunately went on a date with someone who I thought was normal and wasn't turned out to be a protester who knew me and knew my family and knew what I did and had a lot of feelings about it and in turn took that out on me and I was attacked and assaulted.


I know her tells she Needs a second. Oh no, She's seen me do this way too many times. What you about it? I'm sad because I don't think people understand. It's very hard. It's hard to be an open book. It's difficult to live life really publicly and it's, it's difficult when you know that there are people that want to cause you harm. And calla is so unbelievably brave and she just keeps coming back and she does it over and over and over again. You good?


Obviously you're still working in this field, it's very close to you and your family, but to have something happen to you like that, like how did you move on? There's a certain level that you don't move on. I will say that it still comes up. It catches me off guard when it still comes up. But obviously I was caught off guard in this conversation. Yeah, yeah, because you lock it, you just lock it down and you keep moving. It's like that is a thing. It happened. And I have to now see patients who are in that exact situation too. So if I can use that to help them and understand them, one of the things that I do try to be kind of open about is, and like I keep, like Robin said, like I keep coming back and I keep being this open book is because quite honestly, people need that.


And they need to know that they can talk about it. Don't murder an innocent child at, you're not gonna be able to escape. Now I grew up in the church, I know the Bible. I know the true love of Jesus Christ. These people, they don't know love. They spread hate. They take his name in vain and spread a message of hate and discuss and vi Scared little man, careful little men's. When women are not free, when women are not free, no one is free.


No men have decided. So power our, They're not pro-life, they're pro hypocrisy, pro-birth and ProCon control. All they really care about is controlling and suppressing women. We Need to let them know that this is our body that we do what the fuck we wanna do, what our body, This is not exclusively a healthcare issue. It has become, it is political. And in order to have autonomy over my own body, I need to get out there and vote. It's like why do I have to vote to have control over my own body?


How are we not progressed enough as a society where women have equal rights to men? That's a fabulous question. How long is your podcast? I mean everything's about inequality, but also it's not just about women not being equal to men. It's about white patriarchal men who are terrified of the idea of losing power. Because when they grew up, they've always been the ones in charge. They've always been the ones likely to be running the board meetings. They're the ones that get called on The most in class. They've always been in charge. So much of it is about control. And that does take you back to the patriarchy. If you are not assigned male at birth, you have less power in this country.


You just do. At some point, we're going to get to a place where people are going to have to challenge laws and you challenge laws by breaking them. It's something that quite frankly I'm doing at this moment by saying it on a camera, because I could get charged with conspiracy in my home state of Alabama, but everybody should have access to an abortion. Everybody can get access to an abortion and they can do that by accessing pills online. Every person can do that regardless of their state, by going to aid access.org, ordering pills and having them. Interesting, the concept of breaking laws and let's see, because if every single woman in America, if we all join together and we decide, no, we're actually, we do deserve abortions.


It's my fucking body. I'm gonna do whatever the hell I want. Exactly. There's this amazing protest where a hundred women got together and took medication abortion out in the middle of the public square. Two of them were actually doing actual pills. The rest of them were taking Tylenol or something. Nobody knew who was who and what was what. No one was arrested. That's the kind of shit we need to be doing. What will happen when the government in Alabama sees this? That's an excellent question and it's one that I'm ready for. At some point you have to decide what you're willing to do in order to make change. I don't think a lot of people understand what's going on, which is essentially a war against women.


And our bodies coming here has opened my eyes and I feel so grateful because there's never been a greater moment that Daddy Gang can actually affect what's going on in the world. Like we genuinely can make a difference and change. And I hope this episode shows like this is us, this we are the women that could potentially also be going through this one day. And so if we don't fight for ourselves, who the fuck is going to? What would be your rally cry to people in America that are listening to this in their dorm rooms at home, in their apartments, wherever they're listening, what would you say to them?


First off is fight. When you fight, you start building strength. When you start getting up, when you start getting momentum, when you start moving, you're getting ready to battle. And that's some that is, I, I hate to use that terminology, but that's, that's what's going on. This is a very much a battle. I know it's a broken system and that voting is such a hard thing in this country and so complicated, but it's a broken system we have. And to ignore it just means downfall faster. The idea of hell had no fury like a woman scorned. You just scorned a whole fucking nation of women and they're coming for you. Like that is the thing that gets me through every day is the thought of the reckoning.


I call it the reckoning in my head because of course I do and it's going to be amazing and I can't wait to watch it. And your audience is who is going to change everything because they're the ones who are gonna be The most impacted by this. They are the first generation who is going to know what it's like to grow up without reproductive rights. That is going to have to face the idea that there are a bunch of men in power that think that they deserve less, that they don't deserve to have control over their bodies. That they don't deserve to have sex just for pleasure. Like what? What good is a world without sex for pleasure and they're gonna fight for it.


You probably think you know Philadelphia, but how well do you know Philly? Now's the perfect time to get to know it better come for Rocky. Stay for Renoir. Come for the cheese steaks. Stay for the seafood. Rice. Come for the American history. Stay for the Chinese Lantern Festival. Come for Philadelphia. Stay for Philly with the Visit Philly overnight package. Your car stays free. Book your getaway today@visitphilly.com.


Look, if you've got prescriptions, the Walmart app is your place to manage them, transfer your scripts, refill them, and have them delivered straight to you. Migraines managed allergies alleviated. Dermatology, Derma delivered. Ding-dong. Is that your pizza? Nope. Walmart pharmacy delivery with a refill. Switch to Walmart and manage your prescriptions in the app. The Walmart you thought you knew is now new delivery not available for all prescriptions. Exclusions apply.


Get ready for July 4th with early savings at Lowe's. Right now get up to 40% off select major appliances and get an additional 10% off. Two or more Select major appliances plus get three stay green or premium. Two cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. These deals are coming in hot Lowe's. We help you save valid through 6 25. Selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com. For more details, exclude Alaskan Hawaii.