
What is Up. Daddy Gang. it is your founding father, Alex Cooper With Call Her. Daddy Daddy. Daddy, daddy. Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of Call Her Daddy. I am your host, Alexandra Cooper and I am here today to answer the question that everyone has been asking on the internet. Who the fuck is Anna Delvey? She has family money. She's a European socialite. She's a trust fund. It's just tied up. She'll be good for it. She'll wire you the money. What is that accent? oh my God. She's really high up in the art world. I heard, I heard that she's a German heiress.


Her real name is Anna Sorokin. But she changed her name to Anna Delvey when she arrived in New York City and she pretended to be someone that she was not. She inserted herself into the world of art and fashion and finance in the greatest city in the world, New York. Anna Delvey quite literally walked into banks and convinced these rich dick investors that her idea and art club for New York society was worth investing millions and millions of dollars into. Now you're probably thinking, why would they invest if this girl has no money? Because she forged bank documents and falsely claimed that she had $60 million in a trust, which she absolutely did not.


Anna lived in fancy New York City hotels and she racked up over $30,000 in unpaid room charges. She promised she was gonna pay them back, but she couldn't. She was well-known, mysterious, convincing her life was a dream come true until it wasn't. Anna Sorokin was arrested on October 3rd, 2017 and rejected a plea deal and she stood trial. Anna was convicted of eight guilty charges, including grand larceny in the second degree attempted grand larceny and theft of service. Anna was sentenced to four to 12 years in prison, fined $24,000 and ordered to pay almost $200,000 in restitution.


She went to prison for her crimes at the time of our interview on Monday, March 7th. So about a week ago, Anna was detained in upstate New York at the Orange County Correctional Facility. This was the first interview that I conducted with someone physically in prison and I wanna prepare you for you're going to see and hear due to covid restrictions. I was unable to visit the prison, so I interviewed Anna over a video chat app specifically designed for inmates. The app only allows 15 minutes per call. So throughout the episode you're gonna hear us pause mid-interview because our 15 minutes were up and I'd have to wait for her to call me back.


Also, at times you may hear other conversations happening in the background. Anna was in the common room with her inmates and we had no control over the noise level and who was coming into the room at the time. So also, you're about to hear Anna talk about the fear of being deported. She does not want to go back to Germany. She wants to stay in the United States, but earlier this week it was announced that Anna Sorokin was released from jail and ordered to return to Germany. But apparently she also may not be getting deported or she's not on that plane because it's currently unclear where Anna Sorokin is.


Everyone thought she was getting on a plane to go back to Germany and all the news outlets are saying she didn't. So where the fuck is Anna Delvey? Am I shocked that she didn't get on the plane and she got her way out of it? No, not really. Nothing with Anna shocks me anymore.


Daddy. Gang, this is Anna Sorokin. This episode is brought to you by Uber. One for students. I don't know what I spend more money on Uber Eats or Uber rides. I guess I would say I spend more on Uber Eats now. Uber rides more when I was in college. Daddy, Gang, whichever one you personally use more. An Uber one subscription could save you a lot of money. With Uber one, you get $0 delivery fees and up to 10% off Uber Eats orders and you'll save on Uber rides too, like earning 6% Uber cash back on all your rides. Plus you'll get free items daily and even more discounts from your favorite brands. Join now and get four weeks free Uber one for students. Save on Uber and Uber Eats. Sign up on Uber or Uber Eats app eligibility and member terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Botox cosmetic on a Baum toxin. A did you know Botox cosmetic has been FDA approved for over 20 years, but here's the cherry on top. Botox cosmetic has an official loyalty program called Ali that is spelled a LLE. It's totally free to join and it's accepted at over 24,000 practices across the country. With Ali, you can earn points for Botox cosmetic treatments and get access to exclusive offers. There's even one going on right now to see if you're eligible for the offer and savings on your next Botox cosmetic treatment. You can visit botox cosmetic.com/c HD. Talk to your specialist to see if Botox cosmetic is right for you. For prescribing information and box warning, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0 intended for us audiences only.


This episode is brought to you by Joya Bubble Tea. If you thought bubble tea was just a trend, think again. In fact, now you can have it in the comfort of your own home. I have seen it all over my TikTok page. Ooh, bubble tea. Ooh, ooh, ooh. I'm like, okay, what is this? I need to try it. All of my friends are now drinking it. Joy Ba bubble Tea comes in several delicious fruity flavored tea combinations with popping boba like strawberry lemonade, green tea and mango passion fruit, green tea. Enjoy your popping boba moment anytime, anywhere with joy. Ba bubble tea. Follow joy ba on Instagram and TikTok at Do fun for fun giveaways and to find a retailer near you.


Bye Anna. It's so nice to meet you finally. So nice to meet you too. To clarify, should I refer to you as Anna Delvey, not Anna Sorokin? Sure. Yeah. Are you ever gonna legally change it? I mean I should if they like ever let me out of jail for longer than six weeks. You're like the first thing I'm doing is going shopping. The second thing I'm doing is changing my fucking name. The first thing I'm going to do is laser my eyes because I'm so sick and tired of all this glasses. For some reason people think it's like an accessory, but like I'm half blind, I can't see anything. What is your daily routine like right now in jail?


Well, there's none because feel like in jail you just kind of do whatever you want. So I kind of wake up like they bring mail super early and I get all kinds of mail now it's just so crazy. I have like people wanting to adopt me. I don't like get any haters. I guess they just go like to my IG or to Twitter. Have you gotten any love letters? Definitely more marriage proposals than I ever did before my criminal career started. You should be like, let me see your W2 and then we'll have a conversation. I Have a jail assistant so I'll have her do that. You have a jail assistant. Can you explain what does a jail assistant do?


We have tablets where I'm like video chatting you from but the tablets dial like all the time. So I'll go for like maybe two or three. But there are some people who don't use theirs like I'm buying tablets off of other people And like their phone minutes because the phone is like so tricky. So I'm just doing all kinds of things. You're Working the system as you know best. I know, yeah. It's just like So Did you have a hustle? 'cause I remember when I interviewed Amanda Knox, she was saying basically like your skills become your currency. Almost like did you have a hustle at all at Rikers? No, not at all. It's like if you have money you don't really have to do anything. It's just like, I mean in Rikers, like you cannot do your laundry.


Like you have to like hand wash it so you just pay somebody to do it. We So you were paying people off in jail to just like do your stuff? Yeah, absolutely. They actually think I'm like super rich. So Where were you getting the money to pay them? Well they don't care about that. And you were getting money from your bank account? Yeah. In Rikers you kind of became popular among the inmates. What do you think they liked about you Anna? Oh that's a good question for them. I don't know.


Do you think you're a likable character? I don't know. It's not something I wanna like say about myself. I hope I'm well. I try not to be insufferable. I dunno. You told New York magazine reporter Jessica Presler, of all the people that you met in prison, you found the murderers The most interesting. What do you remember about the conversations that you had with them? I guess The most kind of revelatory thing about it is like they're just normal and they're just like you and me. So many crimes that just like happen like in a moment, just like that And like then your life is just like never the same as opposed to mine, which was kind of like a buildup and it was like yours in a making.


So, and that's like difference I imagine I would've been so much more upset if I like got mad and just whatever shot my boyfriend and then I would just have, all my life would be taken away. I have to call you back. It's like three seconds. Screen record. Okay, I'm hoping we can fucking hear her. Okay. Watch your hand motions. Wait, what do I do? Press use my balance to pay. Yeah. Okay. Watch your do not disturb. Okay, we're back. Okay, this is what you were asking. What I need an assistant for. Holy shit. Okay, let's go back to your childhood as a little girl, what did you wanna be when you grew up?


I always wanted to be in fashion definitely. I did not know what exactly but I don't know. I like grew up watching MTV and I thought like fashion PR is just the coolest thing. I remember like watching Kelly Catone. So stuff like that, I dunno, I didn't really know but I just like, I loved print and I love magazines so I either wanted to be like on one side or the other. And you were born in Russia. Do you still have family and friends there? Are they being affected by the war right now? No. Well your parents and your family packed up and moved to Germany when you were 15.


Why did your family have to move and did you wanna go? Well my dad owned like a business, like a trucking business. They were like having like drivers go back and forth transporting like goods across Europe and he was partners with like some German person and that's how he relocated. Did your mom have a job? No, my mom had like the second child, my little brother at the time. So he was pretty young so she was like busy with Him. Did you and your parents get along growing up On and off? I was like never best friends with my parents and they kind of like let me do my thing. I'd say What would you guys fight about if anything?


Well I just hated to be told what to do or like I hated on them to like put any restrictions like about any rules. I was just like allergic to authority or like to rules especially when I thought they were unreasonable And. like I just hated to explain myself because I was just so used to being given freedom. Freedom And then like when that was when they attempted to take it away or impose some kind of like restrictions on me, I did not really react. Like what would they try to take away if you were getting in trouble? Like my car or I could not like go and spend the night at my friend's house or just, yeah, like I could not go out or they would just like try to financially restrict me.


Especially my mom and I hated that. I never wanted to be like controlled with money. Did you ever then consider at a young age like getting a job since like you wanted to have financial independence? Yeah. Yes and no. Like none of my friends really had a job that was not a thing. I don't know. Oh no, I actually had a job so my dad was renting out, we had like this huge whatever, some kind of like industrial building and this like solar company was renting it from them. So they employed me and they like totally overpaid me. I got like a paid vacation after like just working for them for six weeks because they were like American and I did no like German bulls and they literally gave me like paid Christmas vacation.


I got like 1500 just for doing nothing. But I was extremely overpaid. I was making like 30 euros an hour or something like that. Do you think you were more like obsessed with money than the average kid? I don't, I just wanted to have the freedom that comes with it. What did you wanna do? I wouldn't Say I, I just wanted like to do what I wanted. I don't know, just like go, I don't know, travel and go places and do things without having how like, because if you ask your parents for money, like you need their permission, right? But if you have your own, you just go and do whatever you want. So I guess like money just always kind of represented freedom for me, not just like for the sake, for the sake of the money.


So Were you closer if you had to say with your mom or your dad? I'd say I would stay with my dad because I would have more freedom and less oversight and well would give me more money too. Definitely. Where do you think your aversion to authority started? I'd say I guess it's pretty strong. They worded aversion to authority. I just, I don't know, I guess because my parents like I was really good in school when I was younger so they just trusted my judgment and then just let me do whatever I wanted to. But then when I kind of started getting older when I was like, oh maybe I don't need to like spend two months studying this geography book because I'm really not that interested. So, but I kind of like started to catch on to that and I started to like, oh maybe we need to like get her to do something.


I guess it just like stepped in too late. I, I don't wanna like blame stuff on my parents but it's like if you kind of grow up like I guess when you are like 16, 17 is not really the age to start imposing roles on somebody if you like fail to do so. Do you think you also got worse as a teenager to your parents once you moved to Germany and you started to like rebel a little bit more? I definitely, I think that's like the same for everybody, you know like when you realize your parents are not all that like Yeah. Yeah. People around the world are imitating your accent and it is one of The most popular sounds on TikTok right now. Did you know that?


Oh really. No I did not. So what do you think? Do I sound the way like they for portrayed me? You know, I think a lot of people are talking about it how like the show inventing Anna on Netflix is dramatizing your accent. Yeah. What has been the wildest thing that you've heard about your accent? Like when I, when I heard Julia talking like me the first time I'm like, oh my gosh do I sound this insufferable? Like it's just so weird like hearing yourself, it's like the same when you just hear your voice being recorded. It's like totally different from the way you hear yourself when you speak.


I don't know at this point I'm just so used to it. Yeah, Like I, don Dunno. And to everyone that thought it was fake, I mean people just say so many things about me, I just don't care. It's just the way I speak. I don't know, I never put on any accents, it's just the way I talk. Did anybody ever hear me speak any different than they should like come up with the evidence? Whoever accused me of that, I wanna see the proof. So then let's talk, Oh no, 60 seconds left. Okay, when I close this out, I'm gonna close the app. Yeah and then you'll And then you'll just call me back. Okay. I'm going to hang up and I'll call you like in two minutes. Okay. Bye.


Okay, we're back. Hey, That was easier than the first time. We kind of got it figured out. Now Know? Okay, so Time mine. 1994 Baby. Always someone in there. It's okay. Yes. Someone's on the phone. Is it too loud? Yeah, we can wait like a second. It's okay. Shall we just because I kind of like make her go away. No, you're fine. Alright. Okay, so let's talk about your move to New York. Why did you move to New York? Well I kind of ended up having more friends in New York than I did like Paris or in Europe or like anywhere else.


And I don't know, I traveled quite a lot and I was just like moved. Moved. What did you love about New York? I just love the energy of the city and I just love like you can't get anything done at any time. It's like very different from Europe because in Europe like everything's closed on Sundays and everything's closed like after five or six B we cannot like pay anybody enough to like get anything for you and it's just different. Like I grew up in Europe so I guess it was exciting for me. It's always about getting something with you Anna. So you get to New York and you start going to all of these popular events and clubs. How did you introduce yourself to people?


I don't really remember. I guess Anna. Delvey. So you would just say your name is Anna Delvey. What would you say, where were you from and what was your job? Well I was from Germany which was true and I didn't really, like no one ever asked me about my job. I feel like that's so interesting because I lived in New York and I feel like all anyone cares about is asking what do you do for a living? And why did you change your name to Anna Delvey For no reason really. I don't know, I really like came up with it randomly. There's like no good story behind it. I know like people always try to discover something but that's just not there. I don't even know.


It just kind of doesn't really mean anything and it was just random. You don't view Anna Delvey and Anna Sorokin as two different like personalities? Absolutely not. No. I like it. There's absolutely no difference because like in jail they, they always call me like by my government name, which is the hotel. It's like, doesn't feel like anything to me. There's just nothing, nothing in there. You don't have like a personal attachment to your birth last name? Absolutely not. I don't feel like I have attachment like to any countries, any names. It's just like not my thing. I don't know, this is not the way like I see myself or define myself. Do you ever wonder why?


I don't know. It's hard to explain. I was, it's always like this, I don't know. I don't. If you could try like how would you try to explain that to someone that doesn't understand like not identifying with anything? I dunno, I think it's like pretty small minded when you like, oh if you see somebody, oh this person is from Germany or whatever this person is from Russia. Like let me And like I like them more than I like somebody who is, I don't know from Japan. I don't know. I think I was just always kept trying to keep like an open mind or maybe because I'm moved around so much I don't feel like I'm from anywhere. I feel like I kind of belong nowhere. That sounds kind of lonely. Anna, are you ever lonely? But it's, But not like in a bad way.


Wouldn't it be sad when you just like spend your whole life in one place? I don't think it's about spending your life in one place. I think it's about feeling like you belong to something and not feeling like you're wandering alone in this life. It can be pretty lonely But I guess if I choose people, like I choose people, the ones I choose to relate to, they don't have to be my neighbors or like I don't have to grow up with them for me to want to be friends with 'em. How would you have described your friend group when you were living in New York? I think it's like what was mostly fashion and art people, there's like always somebody, like people in New York, they always travel.


Somebody's like always gone for like a couple months and they come back. So it's like, like New York is pretty anonymous. That's why it's just so bizarre to me. It's like how these people like just assume they know so much about me. It's like I didn't know anything about you either. It's like neither do I care. Like nobody ask you. It's like who are your parents and what do they do and how much money they make. It's just outrageous. So I was going through your Instagram and back in 2013 and 2014 you were posting mostly like art and beautiful views and you would rarely post yourself, your face was usually covered. What was your strategy behind that?


I love that she like assumed there's a strategy behind it. There was none, I don't know, I was just kind of like posting what I saw and that was like the beginning of Instagram, right? Right. and I guess I was just trying to, I was like still hanging out around a lot of like art people. So I was just like posting a lot of art. I say strategy only because I think every single person on Instagram can admit like we are all trying to make people feel a certain way about us. Did you feel pressured to keep up with the rich people in New York City?


I mean, yeah I guess like who isn't? I would always wanted to like get more stuff or like go there either that restaurant. So I guess, yeah, it's fair to say that it was. Do you think you would've had the level of social success that you had in New York without social media? I already saw my social media as like a big part of anything to be honest. People just assumed that was trying to impress anybody with whatever 40, 50, 60 million. Like it's borderline poor in New York. There's just so many rich people in there. Like you can't impress anybody. It's not even like you had that. So it's like Instagram was kind of like the path, if someone's gonna look you up from a vibe, they got it definitely reiterated like, oh I feel like this girl looks kind of wealthy like art and exhibits in Plains.


So it like it, it does help the persona a little bit I guess. Yeah. But there was just like always, I dunno, thousands of people who did so I never saw myself. Oh am I like the only person who posts nothing like that. There's just like always somebody with more followers, somebody better. So it's like I never saw myself. Oh my gosh, I'm kind of killing like at this. So. So you went to jail for Crimes Committed while you were trying to launch the Anna Delvey Foundation. If you could have selected three people to be at the opening of your foundation, who would you have selected? Oh my gosh, this is such a hard question.


Three people alive or dead. Alive, right? Yeah, I mean and and a winter. That's what fashion. And then somebody in tech like Steve Jobs, if you take somebody who's dead, Do you care at all about like influencers like the Kardashians or No, I mean they're too many of the Kardashians so it wouldn't fit the the free people. But would you invite them all? I mean, sure. I don't want to discriminate so, Okay. 27 seconds left. I'm gonna, let's hop back off and then get back on. Okay. Okay. I mean I'm, I started to think push her a little bit more.


Yeah. When I was like, well you didn't have that money. So I, when she said I have no what was that? What she said? She was like, I have, I feel no connection to anything. Yeah. Okay, here we go. Okay, let me record. Okay, let's get to the bottom of the rumor that you were a German heiress. Did you ever at any point in your life tell someone that you were going to be inheriting money? No. Okay. Did you ever tell people that you were German Aris? No. Like no one introduces yourself like that.


Like what kind of sentence is that? But it's completely ridiculous. Where do you think that narrative started? Well I think people are kind of like put together the story after the DA's office released the, the original press release from when I got arraigned like in October, 2017. I guess I like that would be my assumption, but I don't know, it's hard for me like to track this because I was just in jail that whole time. Right. But even prior to you having anything to do with the law, like how did people think that you were supporting this very expensive life in New York? Well, I would like, I cannot like testify to what people are assuming about me.


I don't know. So when you're picking up tabs, like no one's, no one ever asked you like, where did you get all this money from? I mean I was doing like anything so super crazy. I feel like there's just people who are like spending, who were spending way more money than I did. I feel like going to a hotel and spending $63,000, like that's kind of a lot Anna. Yeah, well that was not like a daily basis. That was just like a one time thing. But even living in a hotel that's, that's in New York City, that's a lot of fucking money. I actually don't feel that way because I know so many people who live in a hotel and it's actually cheaper than like renting an apartment where you have to commit for like a whole year and you can't travel.


Did you choose to live in a hotel? Because in New York City, like you have to show your finances if you're gonna get a lease And like that would've been hard. I, Well I just do not want to like commit for a year because I knew I was not going to be in one place for one year. Okay. Like even even because of my visa, because I had to leave all the time and I just didn't want to like yeah. Being just stuck in one place. So you think that everyone around you just assumed this girl's really rich, we don't know where she has this money and you never explained where you got all the money from. I mean I never asked anybody where they get their money from. So And like I never wondered about how anybody's paying for their bill.


So I just assume people would be like Approaching The same way. Right. I really don't care. Yeah, no, your New York experience is very different than mine. So no one ever asked you point blank about how you had any money. No, absolutely not. I guess like maybe your friend, like you'll have like, you'll have a different friend circle. Oh I can't imagine. And it's like, or like the people, I remember people like being pretty secretive. I don't know, it's just nobody's business. I know people who like still, I don't know their husband is paying they whatever, disposal, support And. like some of the things you just don't wanna be vocal about and But see even you just knew they were getting their payment from their partner.


Like you kind of still know. It's shocking that no one was ever like, where the fuck are you getting this shit Anna? Well nobody was asking me that to my face.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. Hi Daddy Yang. Do you ever feel like there are just too many apps for too many things? I know I do. I sometimes wanna chuck my phone into a river. Never look back. The apps just take up so much space on your phone and it is hard to keep the name straight. It's like how are we organizing all this? What are we doing? Well there is one trusted name that you already know that can help you do the work of several different apps. Experian, the Experian app can help you cancel unwanted subscriptions, look for car insurance and check your FICO score and credit report all in one place. You can also compare credit cards and loans, save time and money by letting their experts negotiate your bills to get you the best price. Experian the one stop shop for your financial health. Download the Experian app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed and some may not see any savings. Checking your match credit cards will not hurt your credit score. State restrictions apply. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation Eligible paid membership required.


This episode is brought to you by car Yuma. Car Yuma sneakers are a must have this summertime. They are stylish, comfortable, sustainable. I'm wearing a sneaker out during the day out at night and I want a cute sneaker with a good blue jean with a little white tee. Carma has 40,005 star reviews and you'll see them in Vogue and gq. And here's the thing, they never go on sale. So listen to this promo code because it's your only chance for a limited time. Call Her Daddy listeners can get an exclusive 20% off your pair of carma sneakers. Go to C-A-R-I-U-M a.com/ Daddy to get 20% off. That's C-A-R-I-U a.com/ Daddy to get 20% off only for limited time.


How do you think though this whole narrative that you did have all this money, like how do you think that benefited your life? I guess it's just easier like to ask somebody, I don't know, for 20 million. So it was easier for you to walk into a room and ask for more money because people assumed you had a lot of money. Money I guess. Yeah. Other than changing your name. What about your life when you were living in New York? Did you lie about, did you lie about like your family's background or wealth or how much money you had? I guess I did. I mean I cannot like tell an exact instance but I'm sure.


But all of that I never like told any senseless lies unless there were like a bank. So So the purpose of you lying though was to get something that would benefit you? Definitely, yeah. So it's like if I were just to meet, I don't know, like some girl in a social situation, like I really don't care what someone thought. First of all it's none of their business. Second of all, there's nothing you can do for me. You just like walked through these fucking doors into some of the world's largest financial establishments, asked for money and they gave it to you. When you would walk into these rooms with these men Anna, like what was your vibe like?


Were you super outspoken and loud and confident or were you kind of coy about it and you kind of let like the accent and the mystery speak for itself? I don't Even know. I think I'm like the same I am right now with you. I don't know, there's just like no other mode. I'm not like a performer like so You are, you're very confusing Really. Like You just, yeah, There's just nothing else behind this. I don't know. Nothing else behind it. Anna. Absolutely nothing is behind this. Yeah, but like, okay so let's pretend we're in the room with you. So you're saying you would kind of just do this, like your vibe is just chill and you're just pitching them your vision.


Take it or leave it. Yeah. and I would, I would always kind of show up under dress because I felt like if I were to like show up Like don don't know in heels or Like don don't know with some kind of like, I don't know, like with a tight dress I gave him like this, I don't give a fuck vibe. Which was like pretty much accurate because if it wouldn't be them, it would be somebody else because in the end they are like all disposable. There's just so many financial institutions in New York And I. Guess so. So you purposely would dress not as nice because you thought it would insinuate what?


Like I didn't really care much to impress them and they should be the ones trying to impress me. I'm I'm calling you right back. Okay. Okay. Okay now we're fucking getting into it. Oh shit. Do not disturb. We're back. Yes. Okay. So we were just talking about your, you would dress really raggedy, you are so confident, but we're all human. Have you ever felt insecurities? I felt insecurities like all the time. What are some of your insecurities? I don't know. Everything. I'm like, I feel like I'm more paranoid than I ever was and just about like things going bad.


Just everything. So try to explain that. I don't know, it's just like now I feel like I'm at the, at the mercy of like public opinion and I'm trying to like stay away from seeing myself the way other people see me. But it's just really hard and I feel like my case is just like being thrown into my face every day. There's no way that, you know, like for some people they commit a crime and they go to jail And like they're out and that's it. They have like a way to move on and to forget about it and not having to deal with it other than like having a felony on your record. Like it will never be like that for me.


Just never ever in my life. Like it will always follow me and one in some way. So I mean getting back to your question about insecurities, it's just everything. I'm just like, I am so scared to like kind of fuck up again and for everybody to say, oh she was a fraud all along and we knew that and I'm like, why would anybody give her a chance? So that's always there. Yeah, just things like that. You're choosing to do interviews. Is there an angle you're trying to take so that people can get to know you more? I mean why not? But I'm also writing a book and I'm working on my own podcast.


Who is your dream podcast guest? Who is my dream podcast guest? Oh my gosh I have so many Cyrus Vance. I'd love to speak to him. The prosecutor, he'd never go for it. He's I was like, you know like to my prosecutors, I would love to speak to them. It's just like, I don't know. Don't you wanna like find out why? Why a person who like hates you? I don't know, I wouldn't say like the word hates you but like who has so much negative stuff on you? Or like whose job it was to like kind of get you like imprison you like right? Just what they really think of you.


It's like you know, the same way like you engage with your haters on like social media, right? It's like can you tell me why you hate me? Like I mean I think it's a little different 'cause I think they probably just wanted to like correctly punish you from the crimes you committed. It's America. There are laws, you know. So one of your iconic trademarks was tipping a hundred dollars bills everywhere to everyone. As someone attempting to start a business, why did you so freely give away your money? So like if I live in a hotel And, like there's somebody who always helps me with something. Like it's totally okay for me to like tip them couple hundred. Yeah, every now and then I did not.


I just like throw a hundred dollars bills or like random people and I don't know. I just like, I had so many people in service like who were just so nice to me. And like they literally make all the difference. So Do you think that you'll continue doing that once you are free? I feel like now I have to. Anna you gotta protect your money girl. Everyone's gonna keep trying to wait on you anytime they see you at a restaurant, she's keeping the tradition alive. I feel like I can't disappoint. You should worry about your bank account. Okay. So have you ever admitted to committing any crimes?


No. I went on trial so I never pled guilty. Sorry, the person's just so loud. Okay, let me call you back. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bye. It's gonna be like 15 minutes or something. It's Okay. It's okay. Don't worry. Okay, Sure. Your phone. What kind of phone do you have? Oh my gosh. Okay Dude that's so bad. I had to, it was too, it's so loud. I think the issue is that she's having this awakening that like the, it was at least some insight. The fact that she said I don't wanna come out and people be like, oh, she like she's, her ego is now like, oh I don't want people to think like, oh it was a flop. Like she's not.


And it's like quiet. Okay. Is it, is it quiet now? Yes. Well everybody's gone so, Okay, so what was going through your head that first night that you spent in jail? God, I don't even know. It was kind of terrifying. I like I blocked it off. It was just awful And it were like so many people there. There were like a lot of people for DUIs, a lot of like sex workers. It was interesting. If you had been granted bail, where would you have gotten the money?


I would've found a way. If you weren't yourself and you knew about Anna Delvey, would you loan Anna Delvey money? I would definitely, because like I felt like I would definitely go out of my way to pay somebody back. But Did you ever pay Rachel back? Well she got paid back from Amex and I'm not allowed to reach out to her. I put it out there if she feels like I owe her any money, she knows ways to reach me. So What was it like to face Rachel for the first time in court? Her, It was great.


It was very exciting. She did not look my way a single time apart from like what I have to identify you is like if I'm the person, that was the only time she looked my way. Which was I guess telling if you feel so defrauded and you, you're so righteous, like wouldn't you want to like look your abuser quote unquote or whatever the people are called. Did you just stare at her the whole time? Absolutely, yes. Do you ever feel any guilt that Rachel was left with that $63,000 tab before Amex obviously refunded her? I mean I was always saying that it was a really unfortunate situation and I like I never said like I'm so awesome and I did nothing wrong.


It was just like a really unfortunate situation and I did let her pay it and I knew there was a chance I could not repay her, but like for me at that point was like I was going to go through with my project and everything was going to work out. So for me to say to tell Rachel's like, oh hey, maybe there is a chance that I'm not going to pay you back. It would be the same for me as to admit like my project is not going to work out. It would be equal admitting like failure on a bigger scale. You know, it was like very psychological for me, you know, like I never invited her on this vacation thinking, oh maybe Rachel's going to pick up the tab. If you could say anything to Rachel right now, what do you, what would you say?


Gosh, I don't know. Well I hope she makes the best out of the moment. I don't know. I really don't like I don't even, I try like not to think of her Do. How do you feel about her new book? I don't feel any kind of way because I'll never read it. I've heard it's pretty bad so I haven't read it so I can't, I can't attest to that either. What is your current relationship with your parents? I talk to them a couple times a week. What do you guys talk about? Just like I kind of give them an update what's going on with me. I'd say like they're letting me do my thing.


They just basically said or like it's not, you are not, it's not because of us that you are there And like you chose to like live in New York and do all these things. But they are supportive. It's like they send me things so like whenever I need anything they're like whatever, like send me money or like books, send magazines. So they're supportive in that way. Time is up. Okay. Wait, you can call me right back. Okay. I'll be right here. Well I'm about to hit her with a, oh well your dad said this about you.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. You know something has to be good when everyone is talking about it. I feel like I've had this so many times in my life when there is a good new show and I'm like, no, no, no, it doesn't look that good. And all my friends are like Alex you have to try it. And then I watched it and I'm like oh my God, you were right. We all know how that feels. And something else that's getting tons of attention right now is ZipRecruiter. People are loving it. Like the marketing manager of Next Key. They said the number one reason they love ZipRecruiter is because it's so fast and easy and the CEO of walls need Love said they found a lead graphic designer within just a few days. So if you're hiring, ZipRecruiter should be at the top of your list and right now you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/daddy ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology identifies top talent for your roles quickly and immediately after you post your job, it starts showing you qualified people for it. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. See why ZipRecruiter is the hiring site employers prefer most based on G two. Try it for free at its exclusive web address ziprecruiter.com/daddy. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


This episode is brought to you by Brooklinen. When I'm in my bed, I'm the happiest person ever. I have my dogs in bed with me. I have my husband, I have even date nights in my bedroom. Okay. My bed is such an important part of my life and even more so in the fall when the temperature drops it gets a little dark earlier. I like to snuggle up. Okay. And that is why I'm so happy to be working with Brooke Linen. You guys know their sheets are incredible. They make it easy to shop by offering what they call hardcore bundles. They come with everything fitted sheet and a flat sheet and the duvet cover pillowcases and you can choose the best fabrics and weaves that suit your needs. They have over 20 colors and patterns to choose from. Ready to build your dream fall bed visit in store or online@brooklinen.com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. Get 15% off your first brooklinen order and save extra when you bundle.


Okay? This is the only other thing you keep saying like I was gonna pay it all back. Like unfortunately Anna, like that's not the way the world works and you keep, you keep saying that so, oh shit. Okay, let me just record. Okay, so I was just asking oh about your parents and your relationship. Do you have a good relationship with your brother? Yeah, I guess he is like way younger. He is like 18 now, so I never really had like much in common with him because of our like huge age difference. But yeah. Has everything that's been happening with you at all like affect his social life or anything?


A little bit? Yeah, I guess he like kind of care a bit less. Like he is like a bit older now, but I know like teachers know that I'm his sister. Definitely. They used to like ask him if that's if he's my brother. So how does that make you feel? I don't know. I don't know. Like I'm not sure if that's negative or positive. So it's hard to say. I mean What do you think would be positive? The teachers would think positively. Like what would that look like? I mean it's hard to spin like crimes in positive way. I mean as long as just, it's just not negative.


I don't know. Do you think there's any way it wouldn't be negative? I haven't spoken to him recently to be honest. Okay. So I don't know. Your father was quoted in a newspaper saying naturally we're very worried about her. She has such a selfish character, we can't do anything about it. We gave her a normal upbringing. Is it true that your parents gave you a normal upbringing? I mean if they think so. Do you think so? I mean I wasn't crazy I would say yeah. Do you think you have a selfish character like your dad explained?


I guess if he says so. I don't know. I try not to be selfish but my like it's just kind of the thing that my parents always say like I'm whatever I try to do. It's like selfish though. How do you feel hearing that insult from your dad where he's like telling that to like a public magazine? It doesn't feel any kind of way because he just would tell that to me in my face every other day. So it's not surprising. Does it feel hurtful? My Dad is kind of like, no, my dad is like very sarcastic and I. Guess he just doesn't know how to like he doesn't speak to media like on daily basis so.


So he was being sarcastic. I hope he was. Yeah. Did you ever ask him like not to speak to the media? No, they're actually reluctant to speak to the media. There's just so many people who like want to interview them and they refuse. If anything like I have whatever my own show with like I'll have to convince them to speak to them so I don't see them going out of the way speaking to the media. Yeah, they should come on Call. Her Daddy. We can have a whole family reunion. Can you imagine? I'll ask. Okay, so if you do get deported back to Germany, how do you envision your life?


Well hopefully that won't happen. I mean I can go anywhere else in the world. It's not like I have to stay in Germany. I would be able to go like anywhere I want. But back to the states, Are you lonely now? I mean definitely in a way I am. I like, I try to keep myself busy but it's just like not the same as like being around friends or just like being around people. I choose to be around because I'm stuck in here. So yeah, I'm very introverted I think. So it's like if anything it's by choice. Okay. If like I ever felt lonely. Yeah, Who knows The real Anna Best.


I guess different people who like know different bits and pieces there were just like nobody really around me who would have like the whole picture. It's hard to say. So you have no close like friends that really know you? I do, yeah, but it's like my friendships. So it's like I have friends who I'm like, they are there like during my free time but they don't really know what's going on. Like with the projects I'm working with, you know, they just like don't really know the full picture. So I guess it would be fair to say nobody like really knows everything about me.


I think there's a wifi issue. We're frozen. Maybe let's just cancel out. Hello? Hi. Hi. Okay, so we were talking about your friend groups and you kind of mentioned like you feel like no one really knows the real Anna and do you think that you like purposefully maybe would like compartmentalize your life a little bit so that no one can really know the real you? I guess it just like ended up being like that but it was never on purpose and I feel like a, a lot of people do that. It's just like you kind of have family and then I don't know, you have like people who just don't know about all the areas of your life.


So for me to say somebody just knows everything about me would be to assume it's like somebody who just spends a whole day with me or who like also works with me and lives with me. and I feel like very few people can say that. I mean like parents, my parents know me in like one way, but they have not been around the the past year so they cannot really say like what I'm doing in New York or like my friends, like everybody just has different parts of information I guess. Do you consider yourself a con artist? Absolutely not. To people that are saying you are, what do you think is the difference between you and a con artist?


Well I never like intended permanently to permanently harm anybody. You know? I literally cannot come up like with a single example where I'm like, yeah, let me fuck this person over and they'll never see like their money ever again. So. So you think like in the grand scheme of things it was all with good intention what you were doing? Yes. I just like didn't choose the best means to go about it. Who has hurt you in your life? Oh no, I don't like We're having wifi issues.


I know it's just like this is what it starts doing. It's okay after like couple phone calls. Okay. Okay. So to finish the question I was asking you, just like who has hurt you in your life? I don't know. Never complain, never explain. Is that a saying you live by? I have to, yes. Are you worried people aren't going to think you're smart because you got caught? If somebody thinks that way, I don't care because my goal was never to get away or like not to get caught.


So okay, some like I even like hear people in jail saying, oh I have like you are not that good of a criminal because you did get caught. It's like I never tried to be that way so it doesn't hurt me in any way. So It doesn't, it doesn't hurt your ego? Absolutely not because that was never my goal. I was never like hiding from the police and then like was surprised I got arrested so I was none of that. So I thought like I'll just go back to New York and I'll just like resolve it with my lawyer. I just did not like think they would be so violent about it. Like I just didn't know like they were so they were like after me. Were you embarrassed at all?


Sure, I guess. Yeah. I mean it's not pleasant getting arrested. Definitely. So I'm assuming you haven't watched inventing Anna? No. So I watched like beats and pieces but I didn't watch the whole thing. Okay. So the show is all about Anna Delvey and in every single episode the title card that reads is every episode it says this whole story is completely true except for all the parts that are totally made up. And so everyone watching it, we don't know what is real and what is made up. And so I wanted to get clarification from the woman herself.


Here is an example in episode eight they show you intentionally setting yourself up to overdose, but right before you do you call room service. So they will come up before you die and they then show you at Cedar-Sinai in the hospital on a 24 hour psych evaluation. Did this actually happen? No, absolutely not. No. What? What kind of drugs was I supposedly Overdose? I'm not sure. So you never attempted suicide? No. So you're currently waiting to find out if you will be deported.


Do you have any indication of how long you have to wait until they make the decision? Well I do. I just fired my lawyers and I got somebody new, so hopefully they will get me out of jail. So Why did you fire your lawyers? Because they weren't adequate. She, So they just weren't getting you an answer. So do you have any timeline? Like is it gonna be more like years, months? Like do you have any idea? Well no, it's definitely not going to be years, but I'm sure it's going to be a couple more weeks. So Month or Two, What do you think the chances are of you staying in America?


I don't even wanna like say anything, just we'll see what's going to happen. Yeah. Are you interested in dating? Sure. When I'm out of jail. On February 20th, 2021, you tweeted willing to marry Kanye West for a US green card. Would you date Kanye now that your friend Julia Fox has been there and done that? That's a tricky question now. and I was a joke. That tweet, I don't know. He doesn't seem to be getting the best review, so I don't Mean that made me crack up.


I'll give you that. Okay. Years from now, Anna, what would you like to be remembered for? Well definitely not for my crimes, hopefully. Well I'm just trying to like to turn my story around and hopefully I'll be able to like create something good out of all the attention I'm getting. Okay. You can't say you don't know to this question. Why do you think people are so captivated by Anna? Delvey? Gosh, I really don't know because I'm just like being myself and it was never like something that I created and I'm like, oh, this is how I did it and I knew this is, it just was really a surprise to me that people would be like so interested in the way I went about the things because it just made so much sense to me.


It just like comes really natural. So this is what I'm trying to figure out. I don't know. I mean what's out there is like a caricature, so it's not like I'm trying not to see myself like as this person who's being like portrayed out there. Like it's not like I see it whatever is being written in the media, it's like, yeah that's me because I felt like I'm more complex. Right. So Right. So in the interview you kept mentioning that you had a plan, you were gonna pay everyone back, but you also, obviously you went to these banks under false pretense for whatever reason and they thought you had this money.


Like do you now see where the intention of paying people back, like that's just not how the world works? I mean I do. I definitely do. Yes, I do see how like what I did wrong, but it's also so many people I just do worse things. One of my last questions, have you ever heard the phrase what Aboutm, do you want me to give you the definition? No. Okay. It is the technique or practice of responding to an accusation or difficult question by making a counter accusation or raising a different issue.


Would you say what Aboutm is your best friend? Is that an accusation? Anna? I've never interviewed someone that said, I don't know more than you and, and then flipped it back on me. Have you had media training? No. No. It's all me. Oh my God. Okay. Well I truly, oh wait, let me make sure this is recording. oh my God, I can't thank you enough for coming on. Call. Her Daddy. I know. Are you there forever? I swear to fucking God if that last one didn't fucking record, please fucking call back. Dude, that's so fucking annoying to watch that.


Just be the end. okay guys, well I am currently waiting for her to call back. I'm unsure if Anna's gonna call back because I think that last question may have pushed her over the edge, but she's calling. Okay. Hi Anna. Hello. This is a prepaid debit call from Anna. An inmate at the Orange County Jail. To accept this call, press zero. To refuse this call, hang up or press one.


This call is from a correction facility and is subject to monitoring and recording. Thank you for using Global Tel Link. Hi Anna. So it's not letting me call back anymore and I can't call because this goes off at 10. I'm super sorry, But No, don't worry. I just wanted to say thank you so much and I really appreciate you coming on. Thank you so much for having me on with pleasure speaking to you Alex. So nice meeting you. Virtually wish I could have been in person, but maybe we'll meet in person one day. Well, You can get arrested. You can come here. Oh my God. Okay, Anna.


Talk soon. Okay. Alright. Bye Bye. Bye. Daddy. Gang. That is it for this week's fucking episode. I don't know if I feel smarter or swindled. I don't know, but what I can say is I'll see you Fuckers. Next one, say goodbye. Holy shit.