
Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic, or 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing Details. Exclusive Si and ty par.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun, but these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the philo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece, big nuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent Lieb. Lnu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up? Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy, Daddy, Bethany Joy Lenz. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you. Your book Dinner for Vampires comes out this week. Congratulations. How are you feeling? I feel proud of it. I, you know, people often ask me, are you excited? And I'm thinking, excited is not the right adjective because I, it's not a story that I was ever really dying to tell. Yeah. It's not like I thought, oh, this is, this is great material. I just lived through something traumatic and you know, you, you go through therapy and you wanna just work through it and in your private life.


But that became part of the healing was recognizing how relatable my story was to so many other people who hadn't been in something as dramatic as a cult. Yeah. And yet, somehow I was finding myself in conversations with so many women in particular, but so many people who had found themselves in this kind of dynamic Yep. Relationally. And the more I had that conversation, the more that brought healing to me. And then when the opportunity for writing a book came up, it just felt like this is the right thing to do. It's also what good are our mistakes if we can't, it's honestly, one of the things I love about you and listening to your show is that there's this sense of like an open mess.


Yeah. Like, and I, it's, please don't take that the wrong way. No, I, I think it in the best way. It's actually really wonderful and really comforting to see somebody just living in this space of, I don't know. And, and also look at this stupid decision I made. Yeah. And look at this weird mistake that I made, and, oh, we're not alone. We're not alone. And I, and I really appreciate you coming today because I, I think you're right in talking about there is something that you've gone through that may be at face value to people, or like, I cannot relate to being in a cult. But the themes that you experienced throughout this moment in your life are so relatable. And are these very tangible experiences that so many women listening are gonna be like, yep, yep, yep. I've been there.


So we're gonna get into it. I mean, I just have to though say, like, and I was saying it too downstairs, the book is incredible. And it's so fascinating because you do talk about your childhood and your relationship with your parents and One Tree Hill. And oh, by the way, for 10 years you were in this cult. And I think it's important to kind of go back to what led you to this moment. And then we're gonna kind of go all through it, but great. Let's get into it. How would you describe yourself as a kid? Hmm. I was, I had a huge imagination. I was lonely. I, I had a really, I guess it was kind of like an old soul where I think I always had this sense of, this too shall pass.


This moment is not the biggest thing ever. And that helped me a lot in the feeling alone, feeling this, the solitude. I don't know why I seemed to always understand that as a kid. But yeah. So, so there was this comfort in knowing that there was something bigger out there. Another was another day coming. There was hope and it's okay to just be alone. And, and I learned to enjoy my own company, which was a huge gift as well. That Is a gift. Yeah. Why do, why, why would you say you were lonely? I was an only child, and my parents were wonderful, but very young and doing the best that they could at their age.


We had addiction in the family. We had codependence. There was, there were so many dynamics at play and everybody was just trying to stay afloat. So, and we moved a lot. So it was hard to maintain friendships. When you looked at your parents' relationship growing up, like what did their relationship feel like to you? Was it very loving? Was it toxic? Was it, What was it like? It was, it was tense. It was very tense. I think they really loved each other. And as you as, as so many of us discover that those feelings of love are often fleeting and you have to build on something more.


And they both had a deep connection to their faith and really wanted to build their marriage on that. But, you know, they grew up in that or they, they raised me and, and they, they had come out of that eighties movement of evangelicalism that was so, it promised so many things without giving you a foundation of a real relationship moment to moment with God. There was no sense of it in terms of my experience with that movement, which I grew up in. There wasn't a lot of space to be a s and to make mistakes and to just like figure it out day by day.


Yeah. It was a lot of, here are the, the rules that you need to live by, and when you accomplish all these rules, then you'll be happy. And they believed it as well. And then discovered, oh, following all the rules all the time isn't actually working. And then the marriage became really tense because of that. And other factors. How do you think your, like watching your parents' dynamic, like shaped your view on like love and marriage? Wow. What a great question. Damn. I didn't know I was gonna therapy to tell Alex I wear my glasses for you. Okay. My, I think that, I think that it, it became an unsafe place emotionally because I, I didn't know what they were dealing with.


You're too young to understand that the inner dynamics of a grown relationship. And so it became a mystery to me. And it was like, I don't want, I don't want this dynamic. The, the sort of one person's really calm, one person's really hyper and they're constantly at each other's throats and there's so many problems. And it just was like, this is, they're figuring so much out. I better just kind of raise myself. Okay. And then, then going into later in my life as I started, I got so boy crazy because then you're looking for something to fill those holes. And I don't know what, what it did to my view of, of relationships other than to know that I didn't really have anything modeled for me that I could look at and be like, that's what I want.


Okay. How do I do it? Interesting. So I've probably spent a lot of time fishing for answers in all the wrong places. I mean, clearly. But it, it is helpful to hear you just kind of like, talk about the foundation of what you were like living in this house and just watching your parents and knowing you wanted something different, but not knowing exactly what it was. Because I think understanding that is important to what we're about to talk about. Yeah. And how you got to where you got to. Yeah. I just, I wanted a place to belong. It was really hard to feel like I belonged anywhere except the theater. Yep. Which was, you know, that's why I went into that field. But yeah, there was a lot of that. There was a lot of my parents trying to protect me.


Yeah. And which ended up being gaslighting without them knowing it. Yeah. A lot of, Hey, what's going on? Is everything okay? And I'm met with Yeah. Everything's fine. And, which a lot of us do with our kids. Right. You wanna protect your kids. Right. Right. So it's so natural to go, no, no, everything's fine. Everything's okay. And you don't realize you're denying the child's reality. Mm. You're not acknowledging, yeah, something's wrong. We're not having a good day, but it will be okay. Right. You're constantly trying to understand. You can feel it like, you know, when something's off, like kids are so Intuit. Yep. And then you're asking your parents like, please let me in on what's happening in our family dynamic. And them not allowing you to know that also probably like created a false sense of reality of like, you're then having to like finish the sentence for yourself.


Yeah. 'cause like, I know it's not okay, but they won't tell me. So I guess I'll just again, be alone, go into my room and create whatever my narrative is gonna be for myself. Because that's all you can do. Y Yeah. And actually what it did was, oh, I must be wrong. Like, I feel that something's wrong. I feel like something's off. I can feel that in my gut, but everyone is telling me that everything's okay. So my gut must be off. So when you start at a young age to believe my gut is off, I can't trust myself, I can't trust my own instincts, it makes it a lot easier when you get older for people to take advantage of you. Let's talk About the big house family cult. So you were in your early twenties, then you moved to la you're pursuing acting.


How did you end up meeting this group? Yeah, so I was in la I went with a, I went with a girlfriend to, to her Saturday night Bible study that she was going to. It was very benign. It was, it was the same kind of bible study I'd been going to having been raised in, in the western Evangelical church. It was super common. Wednesday night, Saturday night meetings, you just show up and it's like an addition to church. It's way of sort of keeping the church going beyond Sunday. And there's music and food and everybody talks and gets vulnerable. And it felt very, very normal to me. Okay. So yeah, at first it was just nothing to be suspicious about.


Yeah. And what were you feeling like you were wanting? 'cause once your friend brought you, then you kept going and you're like, what were you looking for when you were kind of like starting to join this group? I was looking for a place to belong still. I think that was the constant search. Where do I fit? Where do I belong? Yeah. And I had moved here. I'd lived in New York before then, and I loved New York. It felt like home. I was, you know, in Jersey for eight years and then Manhattan and, and I felt like a New Yorker. And I loved the creativity there and the pulse, and it just felt so great. And moving to LA everything's really spread out. Yep. And community was harder to find. Yep. So I, I was in need of community. Yeah.


Which I think is a really normal thing. I have so many women write into me being like, I moved to a new city. I don't know how to make friends. Yeah. And I think a huge thing that people look for are groups to join. Like, can I join SoulCycle? Right. Like, we're going biking every, whatever it is. Yeah. Like you are trying to find a community that you can feel a part of something. Your tribe. Yes. That's It. And that is normal. You write about when things really started to go downhill, was a man named Les entered the picture for this group and he kind of started to take control of the group that you were seemingly already a part of. Yeah. What was your first impression of him? My first impression was that he was just kind of a jolly guy.


I mean, I didn't think much of him. I, I met him across a room and he was just another face that I was meeting in la His whole family was with him when we met. And I, I do remember having this like, check in my gut and I thought it was because I All right. I'll be really honest. Yeah. I thought it was because I didn't like their faces. Oh. Have you ever met someone where you're just like, I don't like your face. Right. 'cause you're kinda like, I don't know if I trust you or something about it. Yeah. And Then you're like, what an asshole I am. I'm like, Somebody's face like, Fuck off.


But I get what you're saying. There's just something about it. They're like, huh. Yeah. And I, and the whole family, I just, there was something about me that was like, I don't like their faces. And then, and then I felt terrible and I was like judging myself, you know, you know, joy, what an asshole you are. And so that was my first impression was just, here's a family of people I'd never met. They're friends with my friends. I don't like their faces and I'm, I'm a jerk for that and I'm gonna get over it and let's get to know each other. I love the honesty. You're like, something up for, meanwhile, it's like you had that gut feeling, but again, from a young age, you were kind of taught your gut is wrong. Yeah. So don't think that there's anything wrong with this person. You're fine. Joy, keep going.


Yeah. Yeah. And it couldn't be my gut. It has to be something else. What is it faces? Yes. Right, right, right. So once Les kind of took over, can you describe to me how in the beginning, just like a dynamic shift, like what changed when this man kind of came into the picture? It, it, it started moving from something that felt very communal and very all part participatory. Like everyone was participating. Yeah. And it, it takes time. Like it, he couldn't have just come in and changed it overnight. Yeah. You know, there, there was a slow transition. It took about a year now that I, in retrospect, I'm able to look back at it.


And it was slow. He started spending more time with us. He started investing in the lives of the group members and the people who were there. I mean, group members, I guess it was just the friends that were gathering and started to lead the meetings. And he was a pastor without a church at the time, which I found out later why you have to read the book to find out. And so it felt like, oh wow, what a, what an amazing opportunity we have to give this sweet pastor without a church, a forum to speak and to share the things that are on his heart.


And it felt encouraging and it felt like I was being challenged and called up to be more than I was currently living in spiritually, emotionally, mentally. And that was exciting. I think it's important too, like as we're going through this journey, and obviously there's so many more details in the book, but I, I really appreciate you clarifying that. It's like this, there was not a moment someone walked through the doors and it's like, this is how we're gonna do things now. Because every human being in that establishment would've been like, this feels icky and weird. Yeah. It's just like when we see an in abusive relationships where people that are manipulative are very good at knowing it is a slow burn.


So you don't notice it immediately. Yeah. It's just this slow moment that all of a sudden you wake up one day and be like, wait, how did this, how did this happen? And so yeah. You're patient hearing a year of this person just kind of coming in and slowly getting closer to everyone and like, settling down roots and making you trust this person was the beginning days. Yeah. Something you wrote about in the book, and this was kind of when things started to get more intense, is you write about how you were told that independence created in an internal rebellion against God. Can you explain what this meant and how this like impacted your life in this like view? Yeah.


There, there are so many things in the book that I hope for people who grew up in this faith. Hopefully it'll be a little easier for them to spot the healthy versus unhealthy versions of things, which I think in so many realms, there are healthy and unhealthy versions. The unhealthy version of that is independence is bad. Therefore, anything that separates you from the unity with the group, or translate it to an abusive relationship, the person that you're with, translate it to a work environment, your work community.


Anything that's inhibiting your ability to cast off yourself and serve other people in favor of yourself, that's problematic. And that needs to be a addressed and shut down. Does that make sense? It makes, is it clear? It Makes, it makes so much sense. And I appreciate you kind of showing the different ways it can show up. Not just again, like in a group setting, but like in, in a relationship or work. Like I think everyone listening, Daddy Gang, like we've all been there where you start to feel like your independence is either being threatened or you find yourself getting too wrapped up in something. And then we all have that moment.


We pray that we're like, wait, I was losing myself. Yeah. Like, we've all said that at some point in our life, but how far did you go before you realize you lost yourself? Everyone has a different experience and there's a different barometer. And I get what you're talking about here is like, you are being preached. Like, stop living this independent life. Rely on us, the group. And you, you, you believe it. I believed it Because it felt like, yeah, I don't wanna be out here floating alone, doing everything on my own. I have blind spots. I mean, do you have blind spots? Yes. Absolutely. We all have blind spots. We all do. That's a reasonable thing for someone to say to you. Yeah. So, okay, I've got blind spots.


Well, I need community. I need people to help me see what my blind spots are. So I, if I live in, in super independence, then I'm not allowing people in. So I have to live in this place where I, I trust other people to see things for me that I can't see. The problem is of course, if you are allowing the wrong people Yeah. Or person to speak into your life in that way, then they can just wak havoc and say, and do whatever they want. And so it's a very fine line. And you think joy, like that's why I was, I'm happy you wrote so much about your childhood in the book and we, we lightly talked about in the beginning of like, you referenced this loneliness that you felt as a child. And I think anyone that you can be so independent that's so different than being lonely.


And I think when you experience loneliness, we've all experienced it again, to what degree everyone has their own situation, but like you crave, we all crave human connection and we crave feeling a part of something. So having that been so integral to your childhood of feeling alone and being an only child, I can understand you like seeking out this feeling of like safety and comfort Yeah. And people that care about you and are bringing you in. Yeah. The cult though. And how we talk about, we started with the independence. They used a lot of very like loaded language that you came to learn, like bio family. What did that term mean?


Joy. Yes. Bio family. That's the part where everybody runs out the door. Right? Like that's where I lose you guys in a story. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was far into the story by then. We, we were so, and I think what I wrote was that he didn't have to be subtle, less character. Didn't have to be subtle about it anymore. He could just start saying things like bio family, bio family meant the family you were born into, but was not necessarily the family that you may have been called to be a part of called spiritually into. I do think a lot of people are more progressed now to be like, I can choose my family. Yeah. So like I understand the concept, but I get what you're saying now.


It's like, it was a whole different level of manipulation that was going on. But That's the thing. You understand the concept. Yes. Yes. So many of us do. We're it's, it's the, it's a pain to go be with my family for the holidays because of all the, not, I'm not saying me, but so many of us say that and, and I wanna go to vacation with my friends. Yes. Because that's my family. Hey fam. Hey chosen fam. Yes. You hear it in church all the time. Yep. What's up family? We're a tribe. And what's what's so insidious about it is that when someone uses something like that to say, actually we're separating you, it's not just a, it's an it's not just an extra club that you're a part of.


Yes. It's actually creating that suppressive person is another term. You know, that that space of like, you are separate, you are other, we are here. This is real family and that is bio family. And now let's talk about that. 'cause that is again now where like that differentiation is important. It's not just like we're another extended family. Can you talk to me about how they encouraged you to distance yourself from your parents? Yeah. It's slow, man. Like, it doesn't, again, yeah. I've said this quote a couple times. Mark Vicente, who was in Nex vm, he has this great quote in the vow.


He's in the kitchen and he's like, nobody joins a cult. You join a good thing. Nobody walks into something and says, Hey, I can't wait to fuck up my life. Like, where do I sign? Yes. So it happens really slowly. And they, there were things like small comments dropped a lot of things. Like, Hey, how was your time with your mom? Well, oh, oh, it was fine. You know, like usual. Well, whatever. Yeah. I'm sorry. It's, that's tough to not have a, a great relationship with your mom. Yeah, it's okay. I mean, she's my mom. Yeah. But you know, don't forget like, we're your family. We're here for you. And just she's just on a different, on a different path that she's on a different way.


Okay. So that's the easy one, right? Like that's the first, like, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. I can see her, I can be, have space for her. And then it's like, well, well did you talk to your mom about that? Yeah, I shared it with her. Hmm. That just might just be careful, you know, because you're just spiritually in a different place than her and she may not be able to understand. And I would just hate for her to be sowing things into you that are not the truth of your identity. And, you know, generations are powerful. And so just, just be careful. Oh gosh, I I hadn't thought of that. Yeah. Okay. And then that's the little seed. And then, and then the next one is, yeah, I, I like your mom.


She's, you know, she's really sweet. But yeah, she just really doesn't understand you. And I just wanna encourage you, you know, she doesn't understand boundaries, joy. So just please make sure that you're protecting your boundaries. And you don't need to call her back if you're not ready to. You don't need to. You don't need to. Just because she's demanding something doesn't mean you have to give it to her. All things that sound reasonable in the right context. Wow. But you, that's the way it takes time because it's not just something you can say to somebody. It has to, you have to gain their trust. You have to, I had to, to believe so many other good things. I had to see morning mornings with coffee, sitting on the front porch talking about philosophy.


I had to see parenting moments. I had to see so many things that built these, this illusion of trust. Yeah. That when someone who is a narcissist sows those things into you, then not to use Yeah. Christianese or weird terms. But I, whatever we all say these things. Yeah. So, so I still second guess myself all the time, as you can see. But it, it's so much more believable. Yeah. No, and I, I appreciate you kind of sharing that gradual conversation because then I can imagine it just kept going to the point of complete isolation from your family of, i, I don't know if, I don't wanna put words in your mouth, but then it can get, once you fully have their trust, it's like joy, you know, you're better than that.


You should not be speaking to your mother. Yeah. 'cause you know, she's gonna bring you down. And then it's, and again, I think everyone, if we pause, has those moments with their friends, right. Where it's like, you know, your friend needs to break up with their boyfriend. Let's just pretend. Okay, we're gonna use a really simple, simple conversation here. Daddy Gang. You know, if you go to your friend and be like, your boyfriend is a dick, he is definitely cheating on you. You need to leave him. Your friend is gonna be like a no. Like, if, if anything f you and walking out, yeah. You're not in this relationship. You don't see what he's like at Yes. At three in the morning, so sweet, blah, blah, blah. Yes. But if you, so we all have that ability and it's, and it can be manipulative or not manipulative, but I believe with friendships, it's like, you know, you have to be gradual and easy with those friends to be like, Hey, how are you feeling?


Then they open up to you. Then the next come. 'cause you know, you can't, you don't want your friend to shut off and you know, she won't listen to you unless you like lightly just give her the space to talk. And then one day she may be like, well, what do you think? And then you open up to be like, I think you deserve better. I love you so much. I'm here. No matter, it's, it's a natural human being thing that can be good. But what you are describing there was no good behind it because this person, the intent was to isolate you. Yes. Where, what, the example I'm giving is it can look the same from outside, but it's really like, no, no, you want your friend to have the best, but you're also recognizing human beings. If you walk in a room room and you say, do this, they're gonna be like, what's wrong with you? It's the gradualness that allows people to get into a position where you trust someone and then hopefully that person is not a manipulative psycho to be manipulating you in a way that is like going to fuck up your life.


Yeah. And we trust, I think as human beings, that's natural to be like, wow, I've seen you be such a great person in front of me. Why wouldn't I trust this person? Yes. Why wouldn't we? I mean, who wants to, sorry, I'm going on a rant, but I'm like, no, It's great. Because who wants to go through the world mistrusting everyone. Yeah. That's, that's not a happy way to live. Did your parents ever come to you with concern about this group? Ab Absolutely. My, my dad has was, was much more forceful and open about it. And he's a very smart man. He's an incredibly educated man. Yeah. So he, he had done so much research and he had, he grew up in the seventies, I mean, talk about cults, like they were everywhere in The seventies.


He's like, I think I know this. Yeah. Yeah. So he definitely was, he came to visit once and you know, he was like, this feels weird, but I guess he told my mom like, no, I think this is a cult. This is bad news. But he was much more open with me about it. My mom was really smart and knew how to play the long game. So she just kind of wa waited and watched. And the more that I communicated about that with Les and the other people in leadership in this group, the easier it was for them to see where my, I allegiances lay lie.


And there was a meeting when they, they actually explicitly just told me like, you really should just cut your dad out. Like, you should stop talking to him. He's toxic. And How did you react when you would hear that? By that point? I was several years in and the, I just trusted them more than I trusted my parents. Yeah. So I, I, I heard it. I didn't, I did not do it then, but it did plant a seed of the people who I have trusted to see. My blind spots are telling me that this is what's best for me. And every time I talk to my dad, he's telling me I'm in a cult and he's worried about me and it's starting to wear on me.


And eventually once I got married, it was easy to sort of pass the buck to my ex-husband or my husband at the time and let him deal with it. And then he just kind of completely shut the door and, and I didn't talk to my dad for six years. Wow. Yeah. It was awful. To condition you from doubting the group, you write about how they got control and they would use phrases like illegal questions. Yeah. Can you give me an example of an illegal question? Sure. An illegal question would be maybe I married the wrong person. You're not allowed to ask that question because you are already married, it's done.


There's no, there's no questioning. You just move forward. That's a big one. Wow. That like, oh my God, where do We go from there? Shit, joy. Yeah. I'm trying to think of some other ones. Wow. You know, other legal questions would be more like that. I'm thinking of right at the top of my head is, are more spiritually related. Did God call me to be a part of this family? Did am I did, did I do the right thing by moving up here instead of staying in la? Should I have taken this, this acting job? The questions that are retrospective, I guess I haven't thought of it in that term, but Yeah.


It's, it's legal questions are things that would cause you to call into question things that you've already chosen. Mm. So you can't have doubt about anything essentially In your life. Y yeah. You really can't. Which is so, it, it was so damaging, getting out of it and being on the other side of that to not be allowed to question where you are in your life. How could you ever grow? Well, that's the point, really. Right, right, right. Like if you're in a group like that, they don't want you to grow. So they don't want you to grow, they don't want you to think for yourself. Yeah. But I can imagine that creates this like, numbness in you where you just start to get good at being like almost about to ask yourself the question, Nope, don't ask because that, that I shouldn't do that.


And, and then you, once you create a pattern within yourself, it's hard to revert that pattern. Yeah. Okay. We need to talk about One Tree Hill.


As women, we are constantly on the move. We're doing so many things, we are juggling life. And if you are gonna wear all the hats, daddy Yang at least have a wardrobe that helps Check all your boxes. Travis Matthew creates versatile products designed to help you look and feel your best no matter the activity. From sunrise coffees to school pickups to dinner dates, experience a pant truly made for all day every day. And no matter where your day goes, you can stay in perfect comfort in the cloud collection. You might fall in love, but that's okay. Rewards members receive free shipping and free returns. You guys know I am quite literally all about comfort. Like, I feel like I live my life by being like, am I putting this on and am I going to be comfortable? That's how I know if I'm putting it on, I must be comfortable. And Travis Matthew hits in the comfort but versatility department, I totally understand. You need to have something, even if you're going to a meeting, can you wear this and also lounge in it? That is the true master of comfort. Travis Matthew Apparel designed for confidence and comfort no matter where the day takes you. Visit travis matthew.com and receive 20% off your first order when you sign up for email. That's T-R-A-V-I-S-M-A-T-H-E w.com.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to take an adventure with rugged capability and commanding style. Check out the Honda Ridge line Pilot or CR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 pilot, 1.99% a PR on a 2025 ridge line, or a 2.99% a PR on a 2025 CR-V. See Dealer for financing details.


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price. Bottom up.


Okay. We need to talk about One Tree Hill because I think what's so fascinating about this story is the world was watching you on one of the biggest shows on television. Yeah. Still to this day is so beloved. I rewatch it. Any chance I get. I love That you watched it. That's so great. You don't even know, like, I am obsessed. Like I could just pop episode one on again and let's re-watch the whole thing. That's great. Such a fan. But again, it is so interesting and, and it is really the proof of like, we don't know what people are going through and we see these celebrities or actors or singers or whoever, public facing and you think you know their life. And while you were on this huge TV show, you were also dealing with this.


Hell yeah. Can you take me to like what drew you to One Tree Hill? Like you're in this cult at the time that you go to get this job, right? Yeah. Okay. Talk to me. What drew you to One Tree Hill at this time? I, I was, well they actually shot the pilot without me. They shot it with somebody else. I had gotten the script for it. I, it was called Ravens at the time. I turned it down. I really wanted to just focus on film and, and I just said, I, this is, I just got off a soap opera in New York. I wanna try something different. So I turned it down. A couple of grounded pilots later it came back around and they said, they're recasting they're shooting in two weeks, and will you please go screen test for this role?


So I did Love how involved, 'cause I think again, when I just want to like clarify like when people are listening to this and like, hold on, wait. So you're in a cult but you're still allowed to work. Like I think people may get confused of like how attached you need to be at the time. Like, oh, you're allowed to go and work and be without these people. Oh, right. Do you know what I Mean? Like Yeah. Can you explain how involved they were in your decision to take the show and like, how did that work at the time? Yeah, that's a great point. Yeah. That's one of the things that also made it so insidious is that it wasn't a join us put on this robe and let's go all live in the forest together. Yes.


Yeah. There, there was still a lot of autonomy. I think that's sort of how he kept everybody locked in because we were all really smart. Like this wasn't a group of, of people who were not smart. Like everyone was ambitious and had careers. And so he had to have known coming in that this is not gonna work if I try and ask everybody to just move up north and be live with me in this weird little house. Yes. Big house. So yeah, it, it, it was very much communication based on d daily activities, hanging out lunches, lots of phone calls and email chains and texting wasn't as much of a thing back then, but we were in constant community and communication with each other.


So it didn't feel like, I mean, I don't know that he had to work that hard in, in, in that regard because he meaning less. Yep. Daddy Gang. I always wanted to say that. Daddy Gang Daddy Gang. It's your moment. It's my moment, girl. Yes. Yeah. I, so I think that was it. It's not like the traditional cult when you think of that you we're not all living on a commune. I mean, there was a big house that, that se several people all lived in at once, but they were also their own families with, with jobs and other things going on. Yeah. That they all lived nearby.


Yeah. Does that, does that make sense? That makes, that makes complete, does That help sense? Okay. I I completely understand. It's like there's someone constantly in communication with you. And so if anything, like when you're starting new, a new job, everyone feels like, oh, I have no friends here. What I'm gonna, you had this safety net and the support system that was ever present. So it didn't make you ever feel like you were alone, which is huge to have. Yeah. Especially when you're going on new ventures in your career and feeling like, oh, I I am a little outta place. You're kind of never outta place. Yeah. Because you have this support system. Yeah. You Played Hailey, James, Scott. Yes. In what ways did you relate to your character Initially? I really related with this sort of awkward girl next door thing that, that felt very comfortable for me.


It, it felt like who I really was deep down and wasn't ever allowed to be because a lot of the roles I would get, you know, I was blonde and I had a big personality, and so I would get a lot of the, these sort of leading lady parts or, you know, ingenue parts. Yeah. But I always felt like, I even say in the book, I was like, I feel like a dumpster, like trash panda, like cleaning dumpster lettuce outta my paws. Like, I've always just felt awkward and like, like weird. Yeah. And so it was fun to be able to step into this character that felt actually so much more like me than what I was usually getting cast for. That was fun. If you had to say, what do you think was The most iconic Hailey James Scott moment?


Oh, I know. That's so hard. Give us one. Oh My God. Okay. I, I mean The most iconic Hailey moment, it's hard because so many of them were with James. I know Lafferty. I know, I Know. Ah, you know that, that kiss in the rain when they f when Nathan and Hailey first finally get together so good. And they just like, they just have that kiss in the rain and that hose with holes in it and freezing cold water was pouring down on us. It was so fun. You're like, the reality loves everyone. You thought it looked like rain. And James and I had never kissed before and he was, you know, 17 and I was cradle robbing at that point.


And, you know, it was just awkward. You're smashing teeth and trying to, you know, young kids just like, how do we kiss each other on camera? I'm Obsessed. It was fun. It was one of The most iconic scenes. And I feel like I do think of that when I think of you guys. So that was a good one. Yes. What is your favorite memory just from the show? There are a lot, but there are not as many as I wish there were because at some point I kind of just checked out emotionally. But I would say early on we, there were always hurricane warnings and hurricane and, and actual hurricanes that came through. And when it wasn't too bad, but it was enough that they were like, Hey, everybody just go inside for a little while.


Yeah. We would often stay at somebody's house and the electricity would go out and you'd light candles and sit around and hang out and meet at the Waffle House and be like, well, we got the next four hours at the Waffle House. Somebody bring a deck of cards and you know, hopefully the burners won't go out and we can keep eating waffles. That, that was fun. That was early days of bonding. Yeah. When it was getting to know each other, trying to figure out who, who was who, who fit where. Right. And yeah, I really loved that. It, it makes my heartbreak for you that you, you know, just said like, there were not as many as I wish I had because obviously you did this show for so long. Yeah. And you write about in the book how while you were filming the leaders of this cult that you were a part of told you not to trust your co-stars and to essentially stay away from them.


Yeah. How did isolating yourself affect your dynamic on set? Well, I think I just became someone that nobody really knew how to connect with. Mm. When the cameras were rolling, my guard all went down. I was a hundred percent present. I was there. It was a major catharsis for me, actually, the ability to just be completely free and vulnerable. Yeah. So I, that's one of the reasons why I loved being on the show and why I feel like it saved my life in a lot of ways because it was kind of the only place in my life I could actually do that.


Yep. But when they said cut and it, we went back to just sitting in our cast chairs waiting, I, I would only let people in so far. And I think again, people in abusive relationships can relate to that too, because you, there's too much at stake if you allow in someone else's perception, judgment, ideas about your relationship or the relationships that you're a part of in your life. So whether it's a group of people or one person, a lot of people who are in abusive situations will hide the abuse because I like, I don't know why I'm living in this misery, but I don't want your opinion about why I'm living in this misery.


Yeah. Because then I'll have to maybe really deal with it in a different way. Yeah. It's almost like you kind of, you're so aw, you are aware that something is off and weird, but you're so in like immersed in that world, Like protective almost. Yeah. That it's kind of like you, you know, that people wouldn't fully understand the extent of it, so it's not worth letting them in at all. Yeah. But I wonder like on that set with all of these like young people, like, did you have moments as much as you were like really being manipulated by this cult? Like, did you have moments where you're like, fuck, like, what, what am I doing?


Like, or were you still couldn't really see it at that point? I couldn't see, what am I doing? I, I felt mostly superior to other people. Okay. And I felt mostly like they just can't understand. And I've got an answer. I've, I've figured, I mean, that's any cult That's the idea is we've got something special that you don't have. Unfortunately, that really colored a lot of my relationships with people. But the thing is, your gut never goes away. I don't think, I don't think So either. So I still felt this sense of self-loathing and like, it's an unending ladder that you're just constantly trying to climb to achieve, to do the things that are gonna save you.


Yeah. Or whatever you're trying to, whatever enlightenment your level you're trying to reach. Yeah. And I was so in that zone that everything I did was every interaction I had was, was colored by that. And I did at the same time because I had this sort of self-loathing, I also really, I guess that maybe was jealous of other people in the show too. Not, not the way that women are jealous of each other in a cliche way, but more of the freedom to be a mess. The freedom to just explore life and ask questions that weren't illegal. Yeah. And just the freedom to like live your life.


Yeah. I was jealous of the, of the freedom to live life and, and I, but I was so committed to my belief system that I would never allow myself to cross over into that. Yeah. And I think it just created a, a difficult dynamic for having a relationship. Like a joy just has a, you can only go so far. Yeah. There's a, there's a wall When, now when you look back, like if you were honest with yourself, 'cause you can now see it in a different way. Like, what do you think they all thought of you? Well, I, I think they thought that I was stubborn and weird and in a cult Eventually.


Yeah. Eventually they did stop, obviously like joy. No, they knew. They knew. They knew because I, I think they probably felt really bad for me. How soon do you think they knew? Give us by season Two. So season two years. So yeah. I would say by season two they were like, so I think this is a, like a cult. I think this is like probably bad. Did Anyone ever try to say anything To you? Well, well, I did have one really good friend who was a, she was one of the set PAs. Okay. And she, I trusted her so much, I think honestly, because she was Catholic and she was the only religious person on set. And so I was like another religious person. So you may not be as far along spiritually as I am, however you're like, do You want me to introduce you to Les?


That's right. I've got a great guy for You to So dark. I know. But I did trust her and she Okay. And her husband were wonderful people and my husband at the time, and I used to hang out with them all the time. Okay. And we'd go over their house for wine nights and it was like a, a safe haven. Okay. And so she definitely tried in, she again was like my mother, very smart, long game. Like, knew I was involved in something unhealthy and just wanted to slowly present questions, but she knew she couldn't push too hard or I'd push her away. Yep. Really, really good friend. And I so appreciate that. But nobody else on the show.


No. Nobody ever, I mean, Tyler once just flat out came out and was like, are you in a cult? Oh, stop. Stop. I love him so much. Stop. That should tell you so much about his personality. He's so great. And what, and when someone would say that to you, like, what did you say? No, I was like, no, I hate that. People can't understand the depth of relationship that happens when you find your chosen family and you just commit to them. Why does it have to be a cult? Why does it have to be weird? Yeah. Like, I feel so bad for you that you don't understand what it's like to have this kind of depth of relationship. How sad and shallow must your life be. Oh Man, you doing that even now, joy. I'm like, oh my God, I feel like shit.


But I could see how people around you then would just like roll their eyes and be like, okay, I'm literally walking back on set. Like there's no point. Yes. So you can, and and you have, again, we have all been there when someone genuinely believes something so deep to their core, there is no point to try to change that. Yeah. Everyone is on their own path and journey and you gotta let people figure it out. Yes. On their own, through their own time. It doesn't mean they didn't care, but I can imagine it's like, what are we all gonna do? Have an intervention? Like, yeah, we're here to do a job. She's nice when she's around us. That's all we care about. You Know, that that's it. It just became a pro professional environment. And they did, I know Paul Johansson and probably Greg Pranger, executive producer and a couple other people had a meeting at one point, like, let, let's talk about this.


Do we need to be worried about her? Yeah. You know, is she, financially this looks bad, is she in danger? Like, what do we need to do? But I think at the end of the day, they realized exactly what you just said, and nobody can wake you up, but you, like, at some point it's just the right time. You write about how at the time you couldn't be friends with Sophia Bush because of your own insecurities and militant beliefs. What was it about Sophia that made you uncomfortable? I th I think we were both approaching life from a similar way. Right. But from opposite perspectives.


So the motive I think was similar in she, she, I, I didn't, I'm not her, I didn't grow up as her, but I, I think she grew up with some very specific beliefs about life and how things should be done and, and, and pursued that. And that can also be really wonderful. But the way that we were approaching it maybe was too similar. And because the, the conclusions that we had come to about life and God and all those things were very different. There just was no space for listening. She would've been much more quick to listen to my perspective and hear me than I would've been at the time.


Yeah. Yeah. But I think fundamentally there was probably a similarity. I mean, I think for a while, Brooke Davis and Hailey didn't get along on set anyways, or on the screen On show. Yeah. So it kind of worked. But like, was it difficult on set where you're just like, not getting completely along with someone, but like you don't know how to handle it and you're young. Yeah. Those were, those days were hard. Yeah, because I, it it was this sort of, and I, I think I write about this too. I know I did the paralysis and desire, the, the feeling of like, I want to connect with you. I want to be friends with you. Why can't we, why don't, you know how, why don't I know how, what is wrong?


And yet we have to show up and pretend like we're really close. And so we're going through the motions of close friendship, but not actually knowing how to connect. It's hard. It's hard. It's really hard. It's hard. I mean, I, I think you could feel that in, in romantic relationships too. Yep. Where, you know, you love someone, you know, you have all these things in common. You just like, why are we not, what's going on? Yeah. Why is it not working? Yeah. That's Very valuable. But especially when you're that young and you have so many other friends and so many other things, at some point you're just like, ugh. I Don't know. Yes. Yeah. You know, like, all good. Let's just leave it at what, what it is. Yeah. Have you guys talked about that and like just kind of gone through everything that happened back then in the day or?


No, A little bit. Not, not as much as I would like. And you on drama queens, we've definitely talked a lot about our time back then and what was hard and how great it was to reconnect and the feelings of unraveling things that were so mysterious to us at the time. But no, it's, it's an ever evolving journey. There are still plenty of people in my life that I, man shame is a tough thing. Like, I, one of the reasons why I really feel passionate about telling this story now, whereas before I was so reluctant at first. But I think shame gets smaller and smaller the more you expose it and the more you just open up and say this, this is my mess.


Like, but even having conversations with my stepsister or like my little brother and having those moments of like, Hey, I disappeared for 10 years and I'm really sorry. Yeah. Like, I don't, I've had those moments very briefly, but it's painful 'cause it's shame, you know? Well, I can't imagine joy, honestly. Like, and I appreciate you talking about that because I feel like, again, back to an abusive relationship, like it takes so long for someone to just even like, get back to you can't even get back to who you were because you were so young.


So it's like, who am I without this abusive situation that I was in for so long? And I think like the repairing of the relationships, from what I understand from a lot of people that went through a long abusive situation is like, it's almost just that this huge heavy thing that, you know, is sitting in the corner, but you're like, fuck. But first I gotta make sure I'm really good. 'cause then I, I first have to make sure I'm good so then I can begin to rebuild these relationships. Because if I'm still not good, then it's like, what is the use of reaching out and having these difficult conversations on top of that? The difficult conversations. You do kind of have to acknowledge what happened and it's again, and it's again, and it's again, and it's like taking accountability and also like, and asking for grace and understanding.


Yes. And it's like, there's no right way to get back into a relationship with someone after being a different person in the relationship. And it's like, it's a lot, I have a lot of empathy for you. Thank you. I, I, you're, you're speaking so eloquently about it and I, it's really interesting to talk with you because I feel like even just hearing the way that you're phrasing things, puts things in perspective for me. That, you know, I lived it, it's all in my brain in a jumble, but as much as I was able to put on paper my thoughts, there's still so many things that are tangled that I still try and unwind. But what you were just saying about needing to feel like I'm o I'm good, I'm okay before I go reach out.


For me, that was more isolating. Like, I needed to connect with people at, not even necessarily in a, in a way of like, Hey, clean me up. You know, that was obviously I have to do my own work. But experiencing the grace that you just said and that the forgiveness and the looking across at somebody who's just like, I made mistakes too and it's okay. Like, we're all doing that. That's welcome to being a human being. Hello. Good morning. Welcome. I think, I think that's the biggest moment that a lot of people in abusive situations have this moment where they're like, whoa, I thought everyone was gonna just like never forgive me and turn their backs.


Yeah. And everyone's like, babe, we've been waiting for You. Yes. Like, we love you. That's it. Welcome back. Yes. And I think it's like, it's humbling because again, when you're in the abusive situation, the abuser makes you feel like none of them love you. Yes. They will be. They will not be there if you leave me. I'm the only thing you have. Yeah. And so you believe that and then the minute you leave, everyone's like, oh my God, who's gonna, who's gonna catch her first? Yes. We're all here. We're ready with open arms. And that must be very overwhelming. It was. That was the biggest shock leaving because it has to get so bad that you're willing to be alone in the world rather than stay another second.


Yeah. In that situation. And then turns out you're not allowed. And then it turns out you're not. It's the biggest surprise and the biggest gift. We have so much still to go through. We're not there yet. But that makes me so happy to know, because I think so many people listening are like, oh my God, I needed to hear that. 'cause I, they may be sitting in their car listening to this going home to that abuse or being like, wait, yeah, maybe this is the sign that like, 'cause I do feel that right now I feel like I only have him or I only have her. And then it's like, yeah. They are making you feel that way on the One Tree Hill thing, because I do know, and I talk about this a lot with actors, like there is this like voyeuristic thing that fans become obsessed with these dynamics. And that's why I was asking about the Sophia thing because it was interesting seeing you write about it in the book because we all fell in love with you and her and all the characters on this show.


I have to ask because it's Call Her Daddy fans are speculating that things between you and Hillary are not great. Oh. Not friends anymore. Don't follow each other on social media. I don't wanna get too much into it. 'cause I know it's like this is your personal life. Yeah. I just wondered if you have anything to like, say about it. I, I love Hillary. I have always and Will always. And I don't have any problem with her. There've been some bizarre misunderstandings. Yeah. That I really hope we can figure out one day. But I I I love that girl. Yeah. Thank you for sharing. Sure. Have you had any conversations about signing up for the reboot? No. This, oh, it's way too early to even talk about that. Okay. Okay. I know. I don't, I don't know if it was a press release or something leaked or, I don't know.


I mean, I had heard about it, but I'm like, are we Going back to T Tree Hill? Hailey, we're going back. Okay. Good to know. Too early. Too early. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high-tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing details. Exclude civic si and Ty Par.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The Philo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece. Big nuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.


Bottom.


In a world of dry eye, there's a long lasting solution that can save the day. Presenting sustained, complete, preservative free its unique formula gives eight hours of relief from the common symptoms of dry eye. Sustain complete, open your eyes to Luting Relief.


I'm curious now back into, so you're in One Tree Hill, we're watching all of the success and then the rumors obviously start. Is she in cult? What is happening? How was that like affecting your career outside of One Tree Hill? Because I knew you wanted to do more things and didn't you have like an opportunity on Broadway? Yeah. That they stopped, like how much did they have a hold of your career? Yeah, that was tough. That was a tough pill to swallow. I, yeah, I mean, gosh, we started out on this show and it was budding and it was so successful. And you know, the fans at TRL and now the show's everywhere and we're doing Teen Vogue and I'm getting auditions for huge studio movies or screen tests rather.


It was like, they were, they were much farther along than I had ever been because once you have that kind of exposure Yep. The studios are much more likely to, to sign off on you, on their list. And so it was, it was an exciting time and I was so far along in, in my submission and abdication to this group that I, and the thing was that it was disguised as submission to God. And so in that, from that place, everything about my career started to then funnel through the group because I didn't trust my own instinct to know if I was on the right path or taking the right job.


I think we all struggle enough with making decisions, especially if you're somebody with a DHD who is just like, I can't, I can stand in front of a line at Starbucks for 10 minutes and everyone hates me. Like so let alone big life decisions. It's so paralyzing if you don't know that you can kind of make any choice and it's all gonna work out. Okay. So yeah, there were, I I was cast as Bell and Beauty and the Beast and gave that up at the, at the advice, the heavy handed advice of less, less character in the book. There were some really big movies that I was on a shortlist for, audition for was pinned for.


And then I had to call my agent and be like, you know what, I actually don't, I don't want, I don't wanna do this, I don't want to con continue auditioning for this. Why do You think they didn't want you to do it? Well, I, I think it's just control. Yeah. Like the, the more that I worked, the less they would see me. Mm. The more that I worked, the more confidence I would be gaining in my abilities and my creativity. You know, if I just stayed playing one character for 10 years and I never did anything else, then they know where I am all the time. Basically. I'm not gaining a sense of f of freedom in travel, traveling all over the world. I'm not meeting new people.


'cause they, they had a handle on who was on set, who the people were that I was working with. They knew how to control my perspectives of all the people. But if I'm meeting new people, if I'm in New York and I'm, and I'm in a new show, if I'm traveling to Greece to film a movie, if I'm they, there's just no way to control that. They also controlled your finances. Yes, ma'am. Okay. How did that come to be? And did you have any hesitations when you handed over your finances to these people? Yes, I did. Okay. Your gut never goes away. Nope. I, I got married to another group member and very Christian tradition.


Maybe another religions too. I don't know where you merge your finances when you get married. Okay. I think there's probably a lot of secular people who also merge their finances when they get married as a, as a sign of unity. And we're doing this together, like, great. And so that's what I did. Yeah. I just did the dutiful Christian wife thing and merged my accounts and it never, it didn't occur to me, of course, that I was going to be taken advantage of. It was more just that gut check of like, this is mine. Yeah. Like, I've been working really hard for all of this and I'm not sure that I should just be randomly adding someone else's name to the account, but it's, I'm gonna marry him.


So I guess it's okay. So you end up marrying who was the cult leader's son. Yes. And you talk about him as QB in the book. How would you describe your relationship at first with this man? Playful and easy. We didn't have a lot in common there. There wasn't a lot of intellectual stimulation, but there was, I mean, I was, I kind of run out of options. Like I, I, I couldn't date a non-Christian. I couldn't really date anybody outside of the group, or certainly not anybody who lived anywhere outside of that area.


So yeah. It just became this sort of arranged situation. Can you explain the concept that you write about in the book about spiritual authority? In relationships? Yeah. Yeah. Super typical in many Christian communities, this idea that the man is the spiritual authority in a household. So spiritual authority would be, I, I think as far as I understood it in the group, it was the man. It basically gets the last word on everything and he gets the final say. And you really are not allowed to question him.


You can't question his decisions. You can't know about deep intimate things in his life. He has to go to other men for that. But he's responsible for you. And he's supposed to know all the deep, intimate things about your life. That's how it was presented to me. But not in those words. Otherwise I would've been like, y'all crazy. Wait, let me clarify Alex. That's not how it was presented. Yeah. Yeah. It was a way better way that they talked about it. Yeah. You saved yourself for marriage, but ultimately you write about having no sexual desire for your husband at the time. Yeah. How did this impact the way you understood sex? It Was so difficult.


I don't know how people in other cultures who have arranged marriages do it. I can only come from my western perspective, but I don't wanna assume that that's the only way of doing things. But for me, based on my upbringing, and I was really, I, like I said, I was boy crazy. Like I had a crazy sex drive. It's kind of amazing that I didn't Have sex until I was married. It felt like this promise that I had been given as a good evangelical was a big crock. Like, what the heck? I thought if I saved myself for marriage, then the promise is amazing sex and super deep intimacy, and nothing's ever as good.


And it's just like the best thing ever. God created sex and it's just gonna be the best thing ever. And then we have sex and it's like, why do I feel so sad? Why, why is this not, I don't feel more connected to you. I feel farther away from you. I, I, it's, it wasn't, and, and I don't think that necessarily had anything to do with saving myself or marriage. It was just that I married the wrong person. I mean, that also is hard to say because an amazing daughter. And so is anything wrong, like, here I am, hopefully able to help a lot of people. So it's hard to say that any of those choices were wrong. Yeah. But in the moment I definitely felt like, oh no, this is, this can't be it.


This is bad. When you realized that, obviously I know you wrote about in the book, which was very sad about this schedule that was essentially implemented into your relationship. Can you talk about that? It's so, it's so wild to even just hear you say that it's sad because I know I haven't talked to a lot of people about that. I wrote it and just was like, okay, I wrote it. Move on, keep going. That I, to clarify. Yeah. Daddy Gang. Yes. That it was, I didn't have this attraction.


I didn't have the drive really ever. We just weren't connected. We weren't the right people for each other. And so, because I was so disinterested in sex, I was then asked to go on a schedule basically of like, here's how you can, you just have to do it. Just do it. This is your duty. This is your job as a wife. Your emotions will fall in line. If you do it enough, then eventually you will find a way to enjoy it. You'll find a way to feel connected. And you know, it's at that point you're like, again, the things that you hear, if you heard it right away, you'd be like, this shit's crazy.


I'm out. But when you're that far down the line and you have so much at stake, and now I'm in a marriage and now I'm, I'm tied up with, and I have no other friends outside of this group, and I've, I've made a commitment and I take marriage seriously and I made a promise before God. Like, this is something I really wanna figure out how to make it work. Yeah. So I, I hated it, but I was like, okay, if this is what I'm supposed to do, I will just, we, I'll just make sure that it's happening. Every, you know, well, he was back and forth between the Pacific Northwest and Wilmington a lot. So the schedule had more to do with when he was in town. But yeah, it was, it, it was it a routine that we, that I had to participate in, in order to keep the peace in my marriage When he would come into town, would you like, Oh my God, my gut.


Like I just, my stomach dropped every single time. And in fact, it really affected my relationships afterwards. Like other boyfriends that I would have when I had to go pick them up from the airport. I had so much PTSD from showing up at the airport to see him knowing that I was gonna have to start this sex schedule for the next like two weeks or three weeks or whatever. And it's so sad because he, like poor guy, like never had a shot, was raised by this narcissist. He's, he's thrust into a marriage with a girl that's not right for him. He's doing the best that he can. Yeah. He's been fed all these lies about men and machismo and warriors and all this shit that, like he was raised in that.


Yeah. So it, it was just a mess all around. No, It, it just makes me really, yes, it is sad joy. It is sad to hear you because I think a lot of women can relate to that of not wanting to do something, but knowing to keep the peace that is the way to go. And it's so frustrating because a lot of people, unless you're involved in something, don't understand how to break the cycle. Because a lot of times I think as women we're just taught like it's better to just appease the situation and just like, not cause a problem rather than speaking up for ourselves and trying to get out of it. Because that could lead to violence, which you write about in the book.


Yeah. Like, there's so many things that can come from going against the grain. So sometimes you just fall in line. It's Exactly what you were talking about with your Paris story. Yeah. By the way, like that's the same thing that like, I'm stuck in the situation. I just wanna, how do I make it just go away? Go away, just get it over with. It'll be done. Maybe this will help. Maybe this will be the thing that brings us together. It's, it's a reasonable thing to assume. It's because there are so many marriage therapists out there who will tell you when they're looking at a couple who's been married for 25 years and they're not interested in each other anymore. They're like, listen, you have to go through the motions sometimes because it'll help you remember who you were together a long time ago. It's not crazy advice. It's just crazy advice in that circumstance.


Yes. Yes. Thank you for clarifying. Yes. That was a good one. At this time also, I wanted to just like kind of talk about the juxtaposition of like, we have Hailey and Nathan being this it couple on television. Did you ever catch yourself like, loving your TV marriage and almost like using that as a form of escapism from your real Marriage? Oh, for sure. I did. Yes. And, and only in the moments when the cameras were rolling. Yeah. And so it worked with the storyline. I mean, Nathan and Haley had great chemistry and so I, I leaned into it, but I thank God James and I were able to really maintain a totally professional relationship.


Like, I just never, I always sort of saw him in real life as a brotherly figure. Yeah. And he was lovely. So we never crossed that boundary and I never had to worry about having feelings for like, that would've been really, really difficult. Yeah. But no, I, but I just knew also like, because of the controlling aspect of this cult. Like were they okay with your like having even just like an onscreen romantic relationship where you're having to kiss this CoStar? Yeah. Like how did that Go? Nobody cared except my husband. I mean, he, he hated it. Yeah. But he also wanted me to quit acting, so I would stop making out with other guys. There you go. Yeah. There you go.


Okay. So as you're, we're kind of getting towards like now, like the big moment where you're going to realize you need to leave, but I wanna talk about, and I know I love that you mentioned this earlier, there is an obvious disconnect between you and your husband at the time, but something so beautiful came out of your relationship, which is your daughter Yes. And that you write about so beautifully of like she's your everything. Yeah. And so you did get something incredible out of such a horrific experience for those 10 years when you had this child with your husband. Like, had you guys talked about wanting to start a family together?


He wanted to. Okay. I wasn't ready because I was miserable. And it, it, it just took a long time. I mean, it, it took long enough for me to get to a place where I felt like, okay, we're, we're happy enough. Like, we're friendly enough. It seems like we're on a pretty good track, so let's just, I think we're ready now. I didn't know when you are supposed to have a baby or not supposed to or I didn't know what to do, but I knew that I was not in misery and I, and I wanted, I did want a baby.


I'd always wanted a baby. Yeah. I always wanted to be a mom. Yeah. But I didn't wanna do it in a time when I was full of emotional turmoil. Yeah. And that took about six years to get to that point. So you talk about your onset of One Tree Hill, someone's like, are you in a cult? You're like, no, you don't get it. Take me to the moment that it did click for you. Oh, this is not one big happy family. This is a cult. Yeah. When did you realize It was after the show? Unfortunately, it had just ended in November, I believe. I was in LA in February in pilot season.


And I, I mean, there's no auditioning up in the Pacific Northwest. It wasn't a life that I was realistically gonna be able to live and keep my insurance or the only insurance and the only income that we had and all the money was gone at that point. So, which I didn't totally know, but they knew. So I think that's probably why my ex and his dad were like, yeah, maybe you should get an apartment in la Right. Maybe time to get back on set. Yeah. Let's get you a job. So I, yeah, we were, we were in LA and I have been in therapy. I felt more like I would like to talk with someone about all of the misery that I'm experiencing and I would like that person to be outside of this family.


And as I did that, the therapy was immensely helpful for me and started to teach me about boundaries. And because my ex-husband had some violent tendencies, the first thing that my therapist was addressing with me was, Hey, not okay for somebody to be physically violent towards you, around you. This, this is not okay on a, on a routine basis. Yeah, Absolutely. And so I started to implement boundaries and, and I think after that, after I extracted my daughter and myself from a physically abusive environment, I was more willing to look at things from alternative perspectives.


My therapist, I remember probably two months after that was like, are we ready to call it a cult yet? Which was brave of her. And I, I was like, no. Like I would not be that stupid. Like, no, that is not me. Guess what? Me, oh, stop Joy. Yep. She was right. It took, it took a minute though. Like it maybe I was very uncomfortable with it and I, I had to, to really sit with that for a while. But once it, once I, once she said that and all the pieces really started to like lock into place, it became clear that it was really unhealthy.


And I think something really beautiful also that you're talking about, again, to anyone in a situation similar with these themes of essentially being isolated to then be abused and manipulated is the minute you have someone who doesn't want you to interact with anyone outside of the people they can control, that is the biggest red flag. Yeah. 'cause you just getting a little bit of an opportunity to speak to someone that is licensed to speak with you and help you set boundaries, which every single human being should have boundaries in their life with other humans. And you're seeing this like, it was such an opportunity for you again, to grow and to recognize like what you didn't want in life, but that completely threatens your ex-husband's ability to control you.


And so I think that for people listening, I hope you can take it if, like, if you feel like the only person you can constantly turn to is the person who is hurting you The most, that is your sign that you are in an abusive situation. Yes. They need, they can only control you if you are alone with them. Yes. And of course you can go to work and you can have friends, but you know that there's a different level of going to work. And when's the last time you actually had a girl's night and he didn't have tabs on you of who, you know what I mean? It's like, it, it, it's so quick that it flips. Yeah. Because like I said to you earlier, like, oh, so you were going to work, like you can look like you're living a very normal life. It's just inside of you.


You have these guardrails that you know that you can't go outside of. And it's really fucking difficult to get away from that. 'cause you become conditioned. Yeah. Yeah. You think that you're, you think that you're not alone, but the more you, your gut is telling you, you feel like you're completely isolated. Can you share with us, and I know we talked about this earlier, but coming back to like the process of leaving and untangling your life from these people in this cult. Like what was that experience like? Because again, we talked about how it's terrifying. And then what was your experience? It was terrifying. It was my only friends.


So I thought suddenly turned on me and they were showing up at my house to, you know, for custody exchanges, like trying to intimidate me and, and like flanking my ex on either side, like goons just ready to watch me or ready to, you know, film, film me doing. Like to have your best friends who you've shared your most vulnerable, intimate secrets with suddenly turn around and like overnight just, oh my God, that's it. You're, you're, if you're not with us, you're against us. If you're not part of us, you're the enemy. And to be treated like an enemy is, is from someone who, who you've been very, very close with all of a sudden no conversation.


No. There, there just was no willingness to see because the stakes are so high for them too. Yeah. You know, like it's understandable objectively. Yeah. But You go into this custody battle and, and you write about something I thought was really interesting about, can you talk to me regarding the lawyers and the court and how they reacted to you explaining this cult experience to them? This is, this is one of The most frustrating things about all of it because I, I began to realize how broken the family court system is in this country. The, the saying is no bruise, no case. If you don't have a physical altercation with someone, they don't consider it abuse in the court because how do you legislate or even qualify mental abuse, emotional abuse, spiritual abuse?


I mean that's, that's the hardest one too. Because the courts are like, I don't wanna touch anything religious church and state. Like, no,


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to take an adventure with rugged capability and commanding style. Check out the Honda Ridge line pilot or CR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 pilot, 1.99% a PR on a 2025 ridge line, or a 2.99% a PR on a 2025 CR-V See Dealer For financing details.


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best the filet fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6, like a philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


I wanna ask you this mostly because I do think it's so indicative of the, like, exploit of this dynamic and the abuse of like through the custody battle. You write about how you had to spend so much money in court, like around the number. Can you share like how much these people took from you financially? Well, when I was in the group, they took $2 million from me. When I got out, I had about 250 left, which is not nothing. I mean that's a, a significant amount of money, but the court costs in total were about 3 50, 300 50,000.


And that was so, so I left the group with money in the bank that was already committed to other things. Yeah. Like my mortgage, like, like the, which I ended up having to do a short sale on like, like the IRS, like so, so many unpaid bills and there were lawsuits I didn't know about that. I had to, I mean there it was absolute financial abuse. It was just a, a total mess. So everything you basically made from One Tree Hill just gone. Oh my God. And another relatable thing about this for so many women who are in abusive relationships is the financial tie that they're like, I can't leave because what am I gonna do?


Who's gonna pay for my kids? Who's gonna pay for the groceries? A lot of them don't have a skill because they've been in a, in a controlled environment for so long. So they're like, I, I can't, what, what kind of job am I gonna get? The guy controls all the money and I, I was gonna say, my advice would be get out anyway and just trust that it's gonna be okay. But that's a really cheap thing to say because I'm not, I don't know every single person's situation. Yeah. But I, I, I hate, I guess the heart behind what I am meaning is that I hate for any woman, anyone to be stuck in a situation because of finances.


And I know what it's like to be a single mom and not know where next month's rent is coming from. And I learned a lot in that time. I grew a lot and it, it did, God did always show up for me. Like something always worked out every month. Yeah. That's beautiful. So I can, you know, like I, yeah. I'm not here to give advice, but I can tell what happened for me, But I, and I appreciate the sentiment of it, is like leaving something bad. Like you will find some, I believe in the world, like you will find something good that comes to you when you can get out of something like that. Yeah. As we're kind of like finishing this conversation, I feel like obviously I, I want everyone to go read your book and, and there's so much in it that is so even more detailing of like how someone can get into the situation because I am so understanding that at face value, someone can roll their eyes and be like, what do you mean you were in a cult?


Like you asked for this. Like, again, and that's why someone needs to listen to this episode. And then they'll be like, okay, wait, nevermind. That's fucking crazy. But can you share, like, what do you think the biggest misconception people have about cults is? It's the same misconception I had, which is why I didn't think I was in one, because I was like, no, cults are crazy people and they all live together in some weird big house and they all wear the same thing and they're, they're all sleeping with the leader and they're all, you know, he's got a million babies with all these ladies and they're doing all kinds of crazy shit and drinking weird things and they don't interact with the rest of the world.


Like it's everything that you think of from a 1970s flower child, you know? Yes. Bizarro worlds cults. And we've, we've come a long way because there is no real definition of a cult. You, you can't even use it in court. The word cults, it's not viable. You have to say high demand group. Wow, I Didn't know that. Yeah. There's, there's no legal definition of cult. Like, oh my god. Catholicism, I guess is a cult. Christianity, Buddhism, SoulCycle, like I said before, like I, I love SoulCycle by the way. I know. No, I'm just saying. I know some people get real hyped on it, so nobody Get what you're Saying.


There's no, there's no definition. So it's, it's like we've used it as this slang for things that are super weird. That is so helpful because I agree. I think people picture like cloaks and like Yeah, this like voodoo shit and it's like, no, it's the Illuminati And all these these things. Yeah. Like You're onset of One Tree Hill, we're all watching you and it's all going down. Like it is just, you can get into a situation that you don't even know what it is because it's presenting at first as this loving person that's wanting to just be your friend and help you out. Yeah. So you get out and now I'm curious kind of like the aftermath of how has your experience of going from being so controlled and manipulated by these people impacted your now ability to trust people?


Brilliant question. Yeah. You hit the nail on the head. I mean, it's, it's really difficult. Yeah. I, I joke about it a lot. I'm like, I don't trust anybody, you know, but I don't, I was just talking about this over coffee this morning with a girlfriend. I, I don't wanna go through the world as someone who doesn't trust people. Yeah. That's not how we're supposed to live. I don't, I really believe that's not how we're supposed to live. I, I, I also, I really grateful for the lesson that it's okay to give people the benefit of the doubt, but maybe not credit, if that makes sense.


Yeah. Like, you don't, you don't get to walk into my life and automatically get the free credit card of like, friend, here's the friendship credit card, swipe it whenever you want. Do whatever you want with it. But I, I will give you the benefit of the doubt if I see something weird or like every, that's been the hardest part to navigate Alex is just who, who is, who's just normal and has weird baggage. Yeah. Like hello every single human. Yeah. When is the baggage something that's affecting my boundaries in a way that I, I just can't engage with? Yeah. When is the baggage something that triggers me?


But maybe I can learn something and maybe you can learn something and it's worth pushing through. Yeah. I don't, it's a case by case basis. I Was gonna say, like, I was going to ask you, how do you learn to trust yourself again? But I feel like it's kind of the same, it's in the same vein of like, you're, you're gonna learn to trust yourself as you're going to trust other people. And when you're feeling something that doesn't make you feel good about that person, you're not trusting them as much. You then have to turn inward and be like, is this because of my trauma? Or is this because this person is actually showing something that is pushing my boundaries and making me uncomfortable? And you have to be able to discern the two and You're not always gonna get it. Right. So true. You're not, you're just gonna have to at some point let go and trust.


My last Question is like, what do you ultimately hope people take away from reading your book? Well, I hope they never join a cult. God no Daddy Gang, no cults. No, I, I just, I hope people feel like they're not alone. I've said that before. Like I, I really, I really want people to, to feel like their own shame, their own mistakes are face able, that there's hope and that shame. Like, please don't live in shame. Don't let it keep you closed off and shut down and not talk about things.


You, you have to let it out. You have to let it outta your body. This is the only way to, to actually find hope and move forward. So I really hope that that's an, an alleviating thing for people. It is, it's more than alleviating. It is extremely encouraging and hopeful. That's great. I cannot thank you enough for coming and having this conversation with me. Thank you. I can already feel just how impactful this is going to be and I commend you for writing this book. I think it's like so incredible of you to be able to like pen to paper put down something that consumed your life for 10 years. And I think a lot of, a lot of people are going to find not only like comfort in it, but feel very connected to you.


And I think you have like a very incredible story, but just you as a human being, like sitting with you, I'm like, you're a very inspiring person. Yes. And I'm so excited to see what you continue to do. Like, thank you for taking the time. It was literally an honor. Thank You. Thank you Alex. Well, I, I think you're inspiring too. I really, I really do. I think you're so smart. Thank you. And so interesting and I love the way that you just, that you just embrace life and run, kind of run freely. Like open your openness is really, really engaging and inviting and, and I Want more of it in my life. So I'm Thank you. I'm really grateful I got to spend some time with you today. Thank you.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today. Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun, but these warm, golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the Philo fish. And you, you can have them too.


And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price. Bottom up.


Ever since switching to T-Mobile, something weird has been happening. I get to cut lines. Oh, right this way. Who me? I can stream shows at 30,000 feet and I was able to buy reserve tickets for my favorite band. It's not just you with T-Mobile, everyone can get VIP status. That means access to exclusive events and experiences just for being a customer. At T-Mobile, VIP means YOU. Check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


In a world of dry eye, there's a long lasting solution that can save the day. Presenting sustained, complete, preservative free its unique formula gives eight hours of relief from the common symptoms of dry eye. Sustained. Complete open your eyes to Lessing relief.