
Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. We know that your person doesn't just fall out of the sky, unfortunately. Daddy Gang. I know we all wish that, but saying yes to things and being open and putting yourself out there, I truly believe that is gonna get you closer to finding them. And Tinder makes that part easier. Here's the thing, Daddy Gang, I get it. We are all trying to find our person. Let Tinder do the work for you. Maybe it turns into a great story when you go on a date with someone that you match with on Tinder. Okay, maybe it turns into something even better. You'll never know until you match. Explore all the possibilities for yourself. Tinder. It starts with a swipe. Download the app today.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber Eats. Okay Daddy Gang. We all know Uber Eats has the best selection of local restaurants, but did you know they also eat when it comes to a whole range of delivery services? Now that might be a lot to take in, so let's break it down. Okay. Uber Eats isn't just for locked in salad, bowl lunches, or pre-gaming with Thai, when you can't make it to the store, you can just get about anything you need delivered straight to your door. With Uber Eats right now, you could be checking off your whole shopping list. Okay? Of course, I'm locked in on Uber Eats when it comes to getting my lunchtime sandwiches or a good delicious meal after work. But say I need a little cocktail at the end of the day, Uber Eats is my go-to spot to get all of the ingredients I need sent to my door. I also use Uber Eats for pretty much everything. Paper towels, groceries. Snacks. I even order a pair of flip flops to the nail salon, okay? They've got my back no matter where I am. When you can't make it to the store, Uber Eats brings you the store essentially. Okay? There is nothing better than putting on a good show, getting cozy on the couch and having the perfect meal delivered right to me, along with five other things that I forgot to pick up that day. Uber Eats makes it easy to have it all. Get grocery, alcohol and everyday essentials in addition to the restaurant food you love. So, in other words, get almost almost anything with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


What is Up? Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Camila Cabello. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Yes. Yes. What? I'm so excited. I am so happy you're here. To anyone in the Daddy Gang that is listening to this and not watching the Daddy Gang, the Daddy Gang. Do you wanna say hi? Oh my God, yes. Hello Daddy Gang. I love the the community aspect aspect of It. I love it. Would You consider your sister Daddy Gang? Oh, 100%. Okay. Okay. That makes me feel cozy. My sister is Daddy Gang. For sure. I love, how can I say, your mom walked in here and she's like, don't worry, I'm not gonna be listening because I Know. 'cause I could, I could just intuit like I could read your energy that you were like, Oh, Her mom is here.


Like, what Do we have in here that's sexual? I'm like, just close your ears and pretend this isn't happening to anyone that's listening. Camille walked in here and she has platinum blonde hair. I know. How did you decide to do this? You know, I felt like I just, I needed a big physical change because I feel like, I don't know, my dark hair has been with me for all of my life. I feel like it was just like a big part of how the public saw me, the world saw me, how I saw myself. And I feel like it's just been a year of like the theme has very much been like play and, and transformation and changing and being brave. But I feel like also the, the music is so different. Like the world is so different that I don't know for so many reasons.


I was like, I feel like a physical change needs to like accompany that. Yeah. And then I tried on a few different wigs. I was gonna ask 'cause I was talking to someone like, would I ever change my hair color? I'm like, oh my God. I don't know if I would, but I would do wigs before you just go for it. I definitely think you need to do wigs 'cause it's such a big change. But I do feel like everybody should do it. I mean not everybody should do it, but it's like a fun, like, I don't know, it brings out a different part of your personality. Yeah, it's like, I don't know, it's kind of like a Yolo like, I don't know, just like, fuck it. Is it okay if I take, please? Should I take, should I take a sip? Cheers. Cheers. Hey, cheers. Cheers. We're drinking wine. Okay Everybody I need, I need a little bit of wine. 'cause we were talking about, I ne I don't really do stuff like this, so I definitely was like a little nervous.


But I'm also, I'm really excited for like my fans. I feel like they like haven't seen me be a person in a while. Okay, wait. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. I'm gonna look over and Camille's gonna be chugging the entire thing. No. What? Wait, slow down. No. Yeah, It's 1:00 PM I it's, Yes, for context, it's one in the afternoon and the sun is out and we're drinking wine, those of You. But honestly I haven't, I haven't drank in a second. I've been working so much. I really am like, I feel like I kind of deserve, you have had a really busy schedule too. You told me yesterday I was doing meetings with foils in my head. Like, no, what are we doing? We deserve this


Call. Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. Everyone thinks they're the main character and that's because you are okay. And it's about time you start getting treated that way with T-Mobile. T-Mobile customers can get exclusive experiences, perks and benefits like free inflate wifi, discounts on hotels and rental cars and even special access and surprising perks at the hottest shows. Concerts, festivals and sporting events. Daddy Gang, who doesn't want all of that? Okay, I wanna get in the air. Boom. I got free wifi. I wanna go to fun concerts, I wanna go to shows. I wanna go to festivals and I wanna get all the perks. But why are you not getting them? Because you don't have T-Mobile. Okay. Not to mention T-Mobile. Thanks you every Tuesday with perks. You just can't say no to total main character energy. Now that is magenta status for you. Daddy Gang T-Mobile has been trusted in my family since I don't even know how I can, I mean when did I get a phone? Boom. High school and there you go. They've had my back and now they have yours. With T-Mobile, you can be the main character you were always meant to be. Be the main character at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Neutrogena. Summer is here and the sun is shining. You need powerful sun protection that feels light on your skin. Meet Neutrogena ultra sheer sunscreen Daddy Gang. This SPF 70 lotion absorbs fast with a smooth dry touch finish. So you'll forget that you are even wearing it. It blocks 97% of burning UV rays and is water resistance for up to 80 minutes. Lightweight, effective, and perfect for sunny days. It is just what your summer needs. Neutrogena ultra sheer sunscreen. You can't feel shop now at Target.


That's what I get excited about for these type of interviews. That you haven't done something like this in a while. No. In years. I Feel like, and I think it's important though to sometimes like step back, like why do you think you haven't done something in a while? I think it was just I needed to kind of protect myself from, I, I actually wouldn't even say protect myself. I think I just, I needed to just be a human being. I needed to be a person. I needed to kind of step away from being a public persona and just work on myself from the inside out as opposed to like the outside in. I mean, I've been in the public eyes since I was 15 years old. So I feel like so much of, especially the first maybe seven or eight years, I was like kind of figuring myself out at the same time as like trying to process and take in what other people thought.


Even if I'm not necessarily reading it directly, you just kind of subconsciously are trying to figure out what to do with all of that. So I don't know. I think I needed some time and some space to be like, who am I? What's important to me? What are not only what are my, my values in that sense, but also like what are my hobbies? What do I like to do? What's my taste in art? What kind of people do I like hanging out with? What kind of people do I not like hanging out with? And I feel like that's kind of the, the journey I've, I've been on for the past few years and it's been really like, it's been really nice and, and and healthy for me. I feel like I really kind of needed to do that. Amazing. Yeah. Let's talk about you growing up for a second.


Okay. Growing. You're like, fuck, cheers. Cheers again. Oh my God. Cheers Again to exploring Childhood. We're gonna go through all the eras. Yeah. The or the origin myth. Okay. Born in Cuba. Yeah. You move to Miami when you're like seven. Yeah. How Do, it's so funny 'cause I always say six or seven. My mom is like, you have to like pick an age, right? Like, which was it? Like Yeah, I Don't, I moved when I was six or seven and when I was six or seven and it's like, I always say that. So six or seven. Yeah. Camila moves to Miami. Can you tell me like how did your parents explain to you that you were moving? My Mom told me we were going to Disney World. Oh. As immigrant parents do they lie to protect us.


I love my mom so much. She's not watching. So I don't have to worry about her hurting her feelings on that one. Hi Mom. Hey mom. But yeah, she said, she told me we were going to Disney World and I was really excited until maybe a couple months passed and I was like, wait a second, I'm still here. And there's no Disney World. And yeah, it's funny. Like I, I really empathize with that, you know, that, that age, that version of me because I can imagine that it's probably informed some parts of my personality in the sense that like one day I had like all my cousins and all my family around and the next day not to like whatever, like a pity sob story or whatever.


But you know, one day they were there and then the next, the next day I was kind of like, oh, where is everybody? I actually had this song that I wrote that didn't end up making it into the album, but like so many empty chairs for like Christmas, Christmas dinner or whatever. It was like, some like lyric like that. But I think that's such a like visceral image that I can remember. It's like a lot of noise. And then it was like just me and my mom. Why did you guys move? I think it was just the situation in, in Cuba was getting more and more difficult. Like lack of, there was just like such a ceiling, like as far as like, you know, my mom was an architect and even if you had a good job, there was just like such, there was like not a lot of resources.


Like even like food medicine, education, like I don't think a lot of people know. Like the situation there is like really, it's pretty, it's pretty tough. Especially right now. Like there's like, there's not a lot of food. I have family members that have come even like a, a month ago that are still coming and you know, they see like the food that we have like in, you know, in the pantry and they're like, we're just like not used to this. And, and I think that's like what's amazing too about Miami and the community there is like, I think because everybody has those common like start from nothing thing, like it really is like, hey, like if you don't have a job, like I've got this uncle, I got this cousin, like, you come work for me, you don't know how to do this well it's fine, I'll teach you whatever.


And everybody's just kind of like Helping each other. Helping Each other and also just like helping each other improvise. And we're constantly like trying to like, wow. Bring our, our our it's amazing family over. So yeah, I think even when you were saying that like six or seven age, I think at that time it to new age six or seven. Yeah, new age One. Age six or seven or Seven. I came, I was six or seven. When You were six or seven. I'm thinking about you moving to having to go to a new school. Moving to a new country. Yeah. Probably not completely speaking English. Oh no, not at all. At all. How did you, I mean, no speaking, How did you make friends? Like what was school like? I really made friends. It's, it's crazy to think about like in hindsight I made my best friends through music always.


Wow. I was always like, you know, my first friend that I made, her name was Giselle and we lived in like an apartment complex. She lived in the same complex as me and we bonded over like the cheetah girls. I wanted to be them so bad. And I loved like, you know, Cinderella like that. It's actually crazy how much I am realizing a lot of these things came to be. I I was gonna say, you manifested this shit. Shit. Yeah, I know. I really manifest the shit out of like my fucking life. Then you were Cinderella. Yeah, I know. And I was in a girl group. But anyway, so like we would, you know, like I would bring the CD or whatever and we would like just dance to it and pretend like we were in a girl group.


And then like, you know, when I was in elementary school, it was like we would pretend to be on American Idol. Fuck. I manifested that shit too, I guess I'm realizing. And then we were like, I made a, a like mini girl group with my friends and we were called Lion Girls. Queens of the Jungle. Because I love the Cheetah Girls shit. That's not like, that's not a, a like musician flex, but it's a huge Flex. Like that's a really good name. I'm Like, God damn, what did you sound like, fuck then. And I remember like this one friend that I had, like my best friend, we would like, I remember during the summers we would like s we would be on the phone and we would like just be singing on the phone. Like, oh my God I did like this. That riff sounds so good. Like everything was honestly really tied to music.


So You knew from a young age that you like loved? Oh, I was performing. I was, I Loved, I wouldn't even say performing 'cause I was really, really shy. It was like almost, it was like really reserved for my friends. And I remember my friends even say now they're like, remember when we used to be like sing Sing? Because I don't know if that was a thing for when it was your age, but I feel like anybody who was like had like a good voice in school. Yes. Yes. It was like, It was kind of Like sing And at the time it was like, it was in such a like good faith that people were trying to No, but Molly, it was so cute. The person that is gonna have to sing feels like, fuck all of you. I don't wanna sing. So if I was to ask any of the kids that went to your school that weren't your friends Yeah.


Like, okay, Camila at 15 years old is gonna be become a huge pop star. Yeah. Famous. What do you think they would've said? There Were people that were like, I didn't even know that. Like she sang stop because I was just, I was, I, I went through different phases. Like I think I, there was with some people that I was really funny and class clowny and whatever. And then for most people I was really, I was like really shy. Shy, Okay, let's talk about X Factor. Yes. So I'm reading online and I'm like, wait, is this true? I'm like, you said that you went on X Factor first to just meet one direction. This is, This is true. I mean, Tell me the plan, like what was the plan going in there? I Mean, honestly I was a, a huge, I don't know if, if I'm, I'm curious if you were to, but I was like, you know, like I was like such a big pop culture fan.


Like Yes, yes. Since I was young and my friends and I really bonded over that. Like we didn't love fucking One Direction. We loved One Direction, We loved One Direction. Yeah. We loved One Direction. We wanted to fuck One Direction. Yeah. Hundred. I mean at that, at that age we just wanted, I wanted to just kiss them, kiss any like kiss, kiss, just anything. But yeah, even if at a early age I wasn't like, I want to be a singer because I think it just wasn't even a thing that I thought of. Like it was like, bitch how like Right. Right. You know like I don't Like how will this be a career? Yeah. Like I don't have anybody that knows anybody. I'm like in Miami, like nobody fucking, The most that we had was, I don't know if you remember like when that like person would come on the radio and be like, auditions for Nickelodeon.


Yes. Do you wanna be the next Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber and all my friends. And I would be like, Yes. And it's like, there's no way bitch. Like everyone would sit down. I know. Just so you know, I was one of those girls too. Like Yes. Did you audition? No, I couldn't say. All of my friends and I auditioned and they were like, you are amazing. You're only gonna have to pay $15,000 to go to this acting school. And my mom was like, Yeah, Bye. Yeah. Scam. But that was like, in hindsight it was always the center of my life. Yeah. Was music and singing and writing and whatever. It was always like my obsession. And I think like one direction or pop culture was like an extension of that.


Yes. In a different way. In a more probably hormonal crushy way. Yeah. But yeah, believable. But I really was like, I need to audition to X factor and I need to do whatever it takes to make it to at least the point where I meet Harry. Really? All of them. But like Harry, but really Harry. So yeah, poor, Poor everyone else. It was always Harry. Then like Zane really popped off and like I met him in person. Great guy. Like I was like, oh okay. Like No. And and Nile is so lovely too. He's like amazing. But it's just Terry. Terry. I just, I was like, I really, really, he was an inspiring muse for me at at 15.


When you talk about a guy when you're younger that you were obsessed with, like it Does, it's a sickness. It brings you back. Like I kind of had that with Justin Bieber where you're Like, oh, I was also obsessed with Justin Bie Justin. And I'm like, I wanna be the one less lonely girl. Like shut up out. It's crazy How delusional you are at that age. Like you believe No, you believe that you are meant to fall in love. That they don't know that you are the girl for them. Like they don't know it. But once they do, there will be no stopping that train. It's crazy how delusional you are at that age. Do You ever do this? Like, I remember I'd be at concerts and I'm like, if if he just locks me Too, me too. I'd be like, I, I would, I would, I remember like going to the concert being like, I have to look incredible.


'cause for some reason I thought me at 15 years old with like my like insanely terrible like side bang and like, you know, like that he would look I, and then he would know for some reason. It's crazy. I still have some of that delusion left in me now. I Think it's good delusion though. Right? It's fun. It keeps you, it keeps, it keeps things spicy. Yeah It does on your toes, you know. Oh yeah, a hundred percent. I do. Just wanting things you can't have No delusion is a necessary ingredient I think to like my, my happiness. But I definitely had way more at 15. I definitely was like once, once he sees me, he's, he's, he's dumping Kendall Jenner. So like he will know. You Won't even know. You won't even know what hit him when our eyes lock.


Yeah. It's like game over baby wifey. Okay. And then I look pictures of myself at that age and I'm like, oh my God sweetie. Like I look like such a baby. Like It was never gonna happen. Never gonna happen. But you joined Fifth Harmony. Yes. And obviously you don't join One Direction, although you probably wanted to be like the one girl In the group. But I joined the what felt to me like at that time like I was like, oh my God yes, yes. This is happening to me now. Oh my God. No that's actually so crazy. Like you were becoming like the female version of the new One Direction. Yeah. I mean like when, I remember when we were at X Factor and they started like calling our names up, I was like, I know this fucking story. I have seen it. Obviously there was a lot of drama when you walked away from the group.


Yeah. And now that like, time has passed and you look back at everything, like how do you feel about how everything went down? I feel like I'm like, can really focus on and remember the really joyful times and you know, I grew a lot in that group and I, I remember waking up on tour and going to my hotel room at like 7:00 AM and going to my garage band and like writing songs 'cause I didn't wanna like, you know, do it while everybody was there. And I just like, I had such a passion for that turned into writing and I, at first I was like, oh maybe like I wanna write for other people. But then it turned into like, no actually like I wanna sing these songs by myself. And I started just like distancing myself from I feel like the group vision.


And it felt like, you know, they were still like really passionate and into that. And so I just was like, I'm just like not, I'm not happy here anymore. Like I, it doesn't feel aligned, You know? I think also like that's so okay And I think there's two parts of it. One, people can look back and be heartbroken that something breaks up. So understandable. Similar to one Direction. Of Course it is like, oh my God. Yeah it is, It's sucks. It's kind of necessary to grow. So It's like any breakup, like yeah, it sucks. Yes. Which we're gonna get into. Okay, So, so I'm thinking back, you joined this group at 15 and I'm thinking about like you were in it for four years. That's basically like a high school experience.


Like oh my God. Yes. It is Crazy. You're a celebrity at such a young age. You're touring, you're busy. Did you have time to date? How did you meet guys? What was the vibe? When I was 15 to 19 it was like guys that, you know maybe like not a lot. Like a few, a few. And it was very like we saw each other maybe once or twice a year I really started dating and whatever. Like probably when I was like 20. Okay. Yeah. So I, because before that it was just like the group was like all, everything encompassing. That was your relationship. Everything. That was my relationship. Yeah. I feel like everyone remembers their first love.


I remember mine. I feel like you can kind of never be the same after it because it teaches you so much and it is, you experience so many firsts with this person. What comes to your mind when you think of like My first love? Your first love? My first love was, I feel like I've had a few, maybe a couple Great loves. Okay. How about you? I think I've had a couple as well. Yeah, I think it's, it's interesting 'cause now that I'm engaged I look back on it and I like that wasn't well it's, Yeah it's interesting. It's like it's different and, and I talk about this with Matt all the time and I'm so happy that we have a healthy enough relationship to talk about exes and not be like insecure about it.


Which I used to, I would've been insecure in past relationships to talk about exes. But when I think about being in love, I definitely can pinpoint like the first person I was in love with that I met when I was like 16. And it was just this like all encompassing, oh God, yeah me too Wrecks You. Me too. And and and 17 was probably my first. Yep. Like really in love. I don't know, it's like there's so many different connotations to in love though. True. Because sometimes it's like who was I happiest with or who made me The most devastated And sometimes it's like God, what even is the right definition. Such a good point of in love. 'cause there were people that there was you know, one person that made me the happiest and there was the other person that made me The most sick and crazy.


Right. And I don't know what is the definition of like what's The most in love? You know, it's A good point. It's like I feel like when I look back I agree with you. All of my loves are different. Yeah. But it's also just so fucking weird because you are so different And I think of like what I was giving maybe in my first love. Like I was definitely not someone bringing health and wellness to the relationship. Oh my God. It Was like fighting and writing letters and like that it was like that notebook type of love where it's like so fucking hard and devastating. Yeah. You're just like fuck my life. But the, when you leave those type of relationships, I feel like it leaves the biggest lasting memory for a while because it was so hard and you fought so much and it was so loving but then difficult that like you can kind of romanticize it once you leave.


Yeah. Were the people that left you happy and it, if it was more stable, I have found it was easier to move on from just because I can like kind of put it in a corner of my brain and be like that was so great but I know it wasn't meant to be. I don't know if that makes sense. No, totally. Totally. I mean I think like there is a part of me that still it, it depends what mood I'm in. Sometimes I really want peace and happiness and other times I still miss and love that chaotic, sickening feeling And I don't know what that is. I have to explore it further in therapy. But there is something like, so kind of like addictive about about that and and you know it's interesting because it's like, you know, it's like the classic like nervous system quote.


Like whatever. I mean actually I don't know why I said classic 'cause it's not a classic classic. It's relatable. You know that That quote that's like find someone that's good for your nervous system. Yes. A lot of the times the people that are do make you feel fucking sick with love are not good for your nervous system. But it's addictive. But it feels so good and terrible at the same time Because when it's good it's so fucking good because when it's Good it's like you could cut my leg off today I will be smiling all teeth. You know? So, but When it's bad and I think this is what's so interesting when it is bad and I think back to those type of relationships, there's something like that makes you feel even more romantic about it because it's like, we're fighting, we're working, we're Like yeah totally.


It's Just, it is kind of convoluted and there are some relationships that take a lot of work to then get to be good or there are just a lot of relationships that just shouldn't fucking work. But we put so much into them because it is addicting and It really changes. I feel like as you age, like I feel like when I was younger so many relationships were like my projection of people. Yes. In my head. Yes. And I really romanticized the shit out of them. And I really took a little thing that they said and I just ran with that Totally. You know? But now I find that it's like the people that you meet that are like really exciting and, and you have real chemistry with, it's really, it's rare and and hard to find.


It Is so fucking hard to find. I find like the first couple hangouts you will kind of be able to just gauge like if it's there, because I'm not someone that's as much of like a slow burn type of person. I am not a slow burn. And what sucks is that I hear that. That's the healthiest thing. No it's like I've heard podcasts or where people are like, if you kind of like this person and if you're curious just go on a second date. And I'm just the kind of person that's like, if I am not like going to sleep, like wanting to have you inside me, like I, no, I get it. I get it. Honestly, that's extreme. Maybe not that. But if I'm not, if I'm not like if I'm don't leave the date and I'm like, wow.


Yes. It's really hard for me to have that slow burn approach. But I'm trying to be more like that. I think it's just, I agree. I also just wanna validate you 'cause it's not extreme what you just said. I think when I've left first date, you want to like, I know it sounds fucking crazy, but this is a girl's girl podcast so everyone girl will get it. You leave and you can like literally quickly go through like picturing yourself in like positions with them and places. Well not oh well positions physically. Oh right. And like places in life and just like kind of quickly the next year with them and you're like picturing like the next date and you're sexual chemistry and It's disgusting. You Can kind of envision it. And then if I can't with someone, it's hard to go on the second Date.


I know. But a lot of people say like you should and you know, and the fuck us. Yeah, I know. I know. Holy god. Dammit. It's Interesting. But so you're single. I love it. I am. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What Is single Camilla like?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Rone. The best life is a life in motion. Daddy Gang. I feel my best when I have a full to-do list and a calendar and my life organized. And I feel like it gives me purpose and I feel invigorated each day knowing what I'm gonna do. And Rowan crafts clothes for balancing ambition with breathable, flexible, and resilient fabrics. You can stay confident, comfortable, and focused no matter where your journey takes you. The Revive Collection was designed to feel effortless while performing relentlessly. Every piece supports your pursuit of balance to stay focused on what matters most. But balance requires intention. Dream Glow is purposefully designed to support moments of recalibration and self-reflection. Each piece empowers you to embrace stillness without sacrificing a thing. Whether you're taking time to recharge or preparing for what's to come. You guys know me. I need to feel comfortable and cozy. And when you look at Ron's collection, the softness of the Revive collection, in my opinion, is something that needs to be a standard when you're putting on clothes. The Dream Glow Collection also allows you to feel super comfortable and to also relax and enjoy your time. R is performance apparel fit for progress? Use code. Call Her Daddy to save 20% at rone.com/ Call Her Daddy. That's RHON e.com/ Call Her Daddy with code. Call Her Daddy at checkout.


This is an advertisement from Better Help Daddy Yang. You know that I have always been a supporter and a proponent for therapy. It has quite literally changed my life. It has changed my family's lives and people around me who are in therapy. We all collectively have said it has made us better people. But something I always think about is most of these people that are speaking about this are women. Right? And what about the men? Men today face men's pressure to keep it all together. But bottling things up can lead to depression or, and I think we see this most unhealthy habits. Here's the thing, it's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying. So you can be the best version of yourself to everyone in your life. If you are a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone. Please. Better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with a therapist at the click of the button, helping you fit therapy into your busy schedule. You can also switch therapists at any time. The point is start talking. It will help As the largest online therapy provider in the world Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash daddy. That's better. HEL p.com/daddy.


What is single Camilla like? Okay. I, I try to really prioritize that part of my life. Okay. Because it just makes me feel, it's just so fun. Yeah. I love, I honestly love Pink Single. I love it. But I also, I've been in relationships for a lot of my, since I started dating, like since I started dating when I was 20, I was in long-term relationships a lot. So it feels fun to just like get to know people. Yeah. And like talk and like see what happens. Yeah. Fun. Those beginning stages Are like beginning stage. Also also my weakness.


'cause I love a beginning stage. It's so fun. It's so good. It's, I think why I had such a hard time getting into serious relationships. I feel that because the thrill and the excitement and the unknown is so fun. And then what's fun then it becomes like predictable. I used to be like bye. But I feel that when you get older again, like you start to realize there can be a Balance. No. And you start to realize there also there are other things that are important. Like you can go deeper and that's surprising. And you know, at the end of the day, it's like we're people that are con I really believe like we're never just one person. We are constantly changing. Like, Matt could be a different person in two years. He he'll be a new person. Yeah. And so there's always something new.


Yeah, That's a good Point. But, but I do feel like I'm like, I think also because I was just in like a heavy like, like, you know, like writing process, writing stage. It's really experiences. I'm just like so hungry for experiences. Yeah. Like the more experiences, the Better. The better. Okay. So one experience you had recently that we all saw online Oh gosh. Was you were on a vacation with Drake. Oh Gosh. Well you Know what I have to ask. I can't not ask. Yeah, Of course, of course. Have you guys ever been a thing? Well I wouldn't, first of all I wouldn't say like straight up vacation. Okay. Okay. Okay. It was vacation plus, plus some work. Oh. Oh, oh, oh God.


Oh wait, the whole internet just broke. So it was vacation plus some work. But I will say, you know what, I love that man. I love him. We All love that man. We all love him. Right? The internet really loved him recently. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what you're talking About. Okay. So have you ever had, can we confirm or no? Have I ever had what? Like a little Thing with Drake, A Beautiful artistic collaboration with him? Yes. I may or may not have. What is it like going on vacation with Drake? Okay, First of all, we did not go on vacation. Like the 2-year-old. This was like, This was like a homey like, friends trip.


Oh, okay. Okay. Go. Okay. Okay. So lemme tell, lemme lemme break this down. Rewind. Rewind. Okay, Rewind. So basically Drake was a big love him. Love him. Love Love him as an artist. For real. Oh, me too. Love Him as like, right. Yes. He's the best. Yes. Who the goat? He, I love him so much and I really listened to him a lot during my writing process, during my album. Yep. And I really felt like he would like my album Love For for real, confident. Fucking Love it. And so I DMed him and I was like, Hey, I really wanna play. I was like, you know what, I'm just gonna put it out there. I just, that's fucking baller.


We gotta, We, we gotta make shit happen. You Gotta make Shit happen. We gotta make shit happen. So I DMed him and I was like, I would love to play you in my album. I honestly feel like you would really love it because you know. Right. Because because 'cause I listen to him a lot and I, and I just feel like we're, I really do feel like musically in a lot of ways we like the same things. Yep. And I feel, yeah. So I, we hung out. I played in my album. What'd he say? He loved it. Okay. As I and I, and I thought that he would, and I was like so excited. It was also such a surreal moment for me to like, play Drake, my songs and like, dude, you know, it's fucking insane. That's another one of those things that you're just like, wow, I would've never expected.


It's like that this would happen A dream. It's a dream. Like are, it's a dream. I remember being there and being like, wow, this is like so fucking sick. Right. And he's so generous and so kind. And, but anyway, so I didn't like just go on vacation with him. It was like a vacation like work thing. But honestly, I will say I love him and I'm, and, and that has been such a fun part about this whole experience. Like this has been The most, it's been a really insular process in terms of like, me taking it back to basics in terms of like, me, like really focusing on like, you know, my craft of writing or whatever. But at the same time, literally I could chug this whole thing right now of like huge toast to That's And, and he's amazing and I love him.


Let's do A toast to Drake. Toast To Drake to champagne. Poppy. God bless. Yeah. We all love you. God bless. We, we really do love you. I love you dude. Okay, so you are single. So what is the approach to dating? Are you looking for something serious? Are you going on dates? Like what is happening As far as looking for something serious? I don't know. I have phases. Like, maybe like two weeks ago I'm like, oh my God. Like I, I really just, I wanna really have something real with someone. I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready for something real again. And then I am like, you know, talking and like meeting someone new and I'm like, oh my God, I love this. This is so fun.


I don't want anything serious right now. So it really, it's like, it's different. It's different phases. I really think I'm like, there's so much going on right now that if it was somebody serious, I would really have to connect with them on a, on a really deep level. Which I always hope it is. I'm a hopeless romantic at heart. Like I love my fun, but I'm a hopeless romantic for sure. And I literally, if I have like a great kiss with somebody, I'm like, I would die for you. Right. Like, we're in love. Oh yeah. A hundred percent. Are you someone that will have a roster? Like what's the situation? Are you good at handling multiple men at once? I Do like, a little bit. Not too much, but just a little bit of like a, you know, there's like maybe a few vibes.


Yes. There's a few vibes. You know, think it's, and I think there's, there's a different level of, like, for some people, roster is like, the intimacy is like maybe sleeping with all 'em. That's, that's too much for me. Yeah. It's more kind of like vibes and, and talking, talking, hanging out. Yeah. Whatever. But I can't be serious. At least at this point with more than one person. I completely agree. I feel like when you're in the single stage, it's helpful to kind of just like pick around and just kind of like keep a couple people in. That's where I'm the arena. Just to be like, Yeah, that's where I am. Like what's your vibe? Yeah. What's your vibe? Right. And then like once one kind of drops off, you can pick up a new one. Yeah. But it's fun. And I think it's, you're My new favorite. Yes.


And I think as busy as you are, I get that. It's like, unless the person is gonna be like, holy fucking shit, this is like you, like if you're late night till 3:00 AM you're fucking Talking. Exactly. If it's late night till 3:00 AM and we have this insane connection and I'm like, oh, you're like, it's giving father of my children vibe. Like, I will, I will fly anywhere. You like what? You come like whatever. Then I will do that. But if it's like I, I liked him and he was cute and that was cute. Then it's like, I'll see you when I see you. Wait, have you ever flown a guy somewhere? Only In like re like relationships, relationships, vibes. Okay. No, I mean, I haven't like flown them. Got it. They Fly to not up the Front of the plane.


No. Yeah. I haven't piloted them to my hotel room, but I mean like they have flown to me. Yes. But I haven't been like, let flight just get you a flight. Yeah. I'm not a daddy Energy. Oh my God. Yeah. I know. What gives you the ick? To be honest, one of the things that would give me the ick is I don't really wanna be like with a guy. Like, I don't wanna be like on my daddy shit. Have a little bit of like that, like masculine energy. Masculine kinda take control. Take control. Especially 'cause you're in control all fucking day with your career. And now That's a big psychological thing if, do you feel like that too? It's, I was gonna say like, I want for sure respect, but if I'm like, I am literally running the ship here.


No, no. Same if I'm making decisions all day and I have to be like on my fucking, like, whatever Daddy Shit on ironic daddy boss girl, shit, you better come. Correct. Yes. When it's time. And let me just not think about anything. Like, I want you to like, fuck I, I want to let go and surrender. Right. What is your philosophy around ghosting? Are we ghosting people? No. Are we Not? I don't like that. I, I mean I actually had a, a conversation with my friends the other day 'cause I went on a date with this guy. Okay. One date. How'd It go? Not great. Okay. I didn't like it. Okay. And I went on a date with this guy and I asked my, he was like texting me and I asked my friends, I was like, Hey guys, if I don't answer, is this ghosting?


Do you Go out in public with this person? Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. Okay. And so, But they're not like, right. He wasn't famous. Right. Why did it not go well? It was just So pouring. Like there was no spark. No, you weren't like, was like, I was thinking about Every other ex. Yeah. Like I was just Nott hop in. That's the fucking worst when you're like, or just, or Just the number one on the roster. Oh. You're like, he's looking real good right Now. Like, you're like, I'm just thinking about number one. And you're like, You're like, get out, just leave. Yeah. But you wait, you went through the whole fucking date. I honestly, this is actually crazy. So I had my, I was hiding my hair.


And Were you wearing like a bean? I was wearing a black wig and No, did I was just like, my head really hurts. Camilla. Camilla, you said that you had like a headache. Yeah. Did he know you were wearing a wig? I told Him, Yeah. You're like, babe, the wigs really pull in. I gotta go. Yeah. I Was like, I Gotta go. What did he say? He was like, yeah, of course. Let's go. You are like, no, but like alone. Yeah. I feel bad. I really hope he doesn't see this. He won't, there's no way. I don't think he'll see this. But the thing is this, sometimes in life it's, it, you gotta just feel the vibes And you know what, let me rephrase this.


Okay. Just, just in case. Yeah. Just in case. Just in case. It wasn't that it was boring. I just was like, my heart just heart wasn't, Wasn't it? I think That's okay. My heart was, my heart was with someone else. Listen, I think that's fine to say. And I think we, especially as women, need to get more comfortable because how many fucking times are men? Like, nah, Shane hot enough. Or like, nah, she's not that. You just totally, you just didn't vibe with It, wasn't it? It wasn't, It wasn't not an amazing person. It Wasn't a fit. But I am sensitive about ghosting. 'cause I feel like you have to be, you have to be kind to people. And but however, I didn't text him back because I was like, I don't know. I don't know. Honestly. If, if and if somebody were to say right now, hey.


And my friend actually, she, they gave me good advice. They were like, don't text him back. Okay. If he keeps texting you, then back Yeah. Then say, Hey, honestly it really wasn't a fit, but it was so nice to meet you. Wish you well. Perfect. But he, he didn't keep texting, so I was like, I'll leave it. But if things had gone on Yeah. Like further then I, I'm not a, a fan of the ghosting thing. I just feel like it's like why hurt people? I agree. Just be nice. Don't lead them on. I agree. Let's just, you know, And I also, just to clarify for your own conscious as we're drinking our wine, that's not ghosting. I don't think so either. Right. He sent you one text, you didn't respond. And I kind of love a guy that's self-aware enough to be like, check It a hundred percent. Like she, and also it's like it's one date, right?


Like Yeah. Like we didn't like have exactly three months together. I Hundred percent. That's crazy when people do that. If somebody, if I was with somebody, No. And they ghosted me after we were intimate or after we whatever, I would be like, you're just like, that's a very unkind thing to do. And I wouldn't wanna be with somebody like that anyway. What Is the biggest red flag that you've ever willingly ignored? So many. I mean, right. Like So many. I don't know. You start, gimme an idea. I would say like, I think when I look back at past relationships, something that comes up for me is like feeling insecure around him. Oh. Like big.


You should, you should never feel like, oh my God, I don't want him to see me in the morning. If I have like a breakout or like if I, do I look good enough for this date? Or like if I'm on the date, is he looking at other women? Like, when you are with the right person, you would never think that way. And I think that is something I would ignore in this one relationship I had where I was constantly feeling like I wasn't good enough. And it's like, why? Like I am. Yeah. I think that's a big red flag. Is like how you feel. Yeah. Like that's just such a big temperature check. Yeah. In relationships. Like I've been in relationships before where I'm like, if I am miserable Yeah. For this long. Yeah. There is just something off. And some, every time I've been like, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me.


Oh my God. Oh my God. It's my, what is it? What am I, oh my God, blah blah blah. But it's like, a lot of the times it's like, it's, it's just not right. I agree. It's not right. It's like if I feel so much better when I'm not with you and then when I'm with you, I feel miserable and overthinking and anxious every time, then we are just not. Right. I agree. And then I think you kind of keep going because you, you have this like hope or some ideal of what the relationship is. We can work on it, we can this we can this, we can that. Yeah. And it's like sometimes it's like you have to temperature check. Like Yeah. Just like, it's Not right. It's not right. Have you ever been cheated on? I Actually, I'm lucky to say I have not been cheated On.


That's amazing. I know. That's amazing. Maybe I, I really don't think this counts, but I was like 17. Oh, okay. Talking to a guy, but I don't think that counts. Have you ever had someone go through your phone? Oof. That's a yes. How did you see them checking it? I had deleted some texts. Right. And they were like, why did you delete this text message history? Got it. With another person. Fuck. And I was like, My phone deletes things like, I was like young and You're being a little shady. I was being a little shady. And then they caught you. But that's where it's so fucked.


'cause you're like, who's in the wrong? And then it's like the meme of Spider-Man, where it's like, I was definitely in the wrong. Okay. Okay. For sure. I love that. My phone deletes things. Oh, I'm terrible. That's such a bad lie. It's amazing. I Was like, I have never been to this day. I don't think I've ever been so scared of my life. Right. You're Like, I was like apple. My phone just like deletes messages. Like whole complete message. I don't, I don't know. It's crazy. But I honestly, I broke up with him literally three days after that. Okay. That's good. That's good. But you know, shit happens. Life happens. It happens. Okay. We're gonna play rapid fire. If you had to trade lives with any celebrity, who would it be? It's, I, I honestly would say no one. Really? I like my life. Oh, Love.


What about you? I, I don't know why this just came up for me. I don't know if it's the wine. Yeah. Go. But I was gonna say like maybe like Meryl Streep. Interesting. I think, I Think I would, I mean, it'd be amazing to be like one of the best actresses in the fucking World. Totally. I think it's more because I think if I was had to pick a celebrity, I would want someone that's like not in the public eye and like chooses to not, she's never being paparazzi. She's never in No, it's so Meryl Streep. Okay, we're Moving on. No, that's a good one. Okay. Okay. Have you ever had to lie to your friends about a guy you were seeing? Yeah. Oh my God. All the time. Like, not all the time, but like, I love this TikTok that I see.


It's like, like your friend is like, you like show them like a terrible text. And it's like, and what did you respond to him? And you're like, like when my friends are always like, my friends are cold as fuck cold hearted. Those Are good friends sometimes they're Like, do how could you text him back? Don't text him. Don't do that emoji. Don't. I'm like, oh my God, I didn't know you guys were mean. Fuck. But they're very, but it's Good they're keeping you in line. Oh my God. Yeah. 'cause I'm like the opposite. I'm like, I'm a dumb ass. I Get it. I get it. You like, Oh, I'm an idiot. Ugh. I was just going with it. What is your biggest insecurity? Ugh, my biggest insecurity. Like internal, external, whatever.


I, whatever this is just, this is probably the wine too. And I saw this Jody Foster like interview, like I was reading it yesterday. Congrats on your New York Times article, by the way. Thank you. Oh my God. Thank you. I didn't, I didn't read it because I didn't wanna make myself nervous before the interview. But I, I've, I love the New York Times and I was like, oh my God, that's, oh There, she's, Thank you. But I saw this one New York Times or New York or whatever, like Jody Foster interview and she was like, for somebody who values privacy so much, I really wanna be understood. Mm. And that really resonated with me. I feel like my insecurity is like, I don't know, some like childhood thing of like being like, I don't care if people get me. I don't care if people, whatever, I'm just gonna be myself.


But at the same time really wanting people to understand me and not dislike me or whatever. So I don't really know. I think it's like a general insecurity of like, probably like being seen and then not loved or whatever. I think that is one of The most relatable feelings. Yeah. Like, I think we all can try to put up a front of like, I don't care about like the mean comments or that I try to not care, but we care at the same time. It's like, yeah, I Really we're humans. I Want love from people. Right. You know? And you want people to understand you because like, I can tell you have such a good heart that like, it's a difficult balance of like people seeing things online and then you're like, I can't run to defend myself every moment.


No, not At all. But it's tough when you are being perceived in a way that you're like, that's not accurate. Oh no. That's infuriating. It is. It is. There's a lot of surrender. Yeah. Like you have to really let go If you're spicing it up with lingerie. What color are you wearing? Ooh. I think black Morning sex or night sex. I honestly love morning sex. I like both. But there's, and my favorite is actually like, I love like an afternoon vibe. Oh. Because it feels so like European. It feels so like you're like not working and it, it feels like so primal in a way. Like, I don't have to work. Right? Let's just like suns out. Let's just like eat fruit and like, I love you.


It's so good. If you're going home with someone, are you going back to his or is he coming to yours? I prefer him coming back to mine for sure. Biggest turnoff in the bedroom. I don't like, like silence and like, like, just like no passion. Yes. I need like, Going through the motions. You're Like, I hate going through the motions. I'm like, why are we even doing this? Right? Why are we like Making eye contact? Why aren't we making out like, what's On? Why are we, aren't you saying things to me like, let's, like, you know what I mean? Yes. I get it. Yeah. To me, I'm like, I would rather not have this Favorite sex position. It depends on the vibe and it depends on the energy of whatever's happening in that moment. Like it's, there's like in love sex, and then there's like kind of freaky Yes.


Vibes. Yes. I get it. You know, I get so I think different, different strokes for different times. I get it. Okay. Literally, I gotta ask what your opinion is on getting back with an ex


Call. Her Daddy is brought to you by Rakuten Daddy Yang. We all know how good it feels when you save money, right? It feels like you hit every green light when you're running late. It's like you find the extra fry at the bottom of the bag. Ugh. It's so good. Rakuten is the smartest way to save money when you shop, because you earn cash back at over 3,500 stores. We're talking fashion travel, electronics, and more Your favorite stores like Sephora, Bloomingdale's, and Nike. Pay Rakuten to send them shoppers. And Rakuten then passes on a part of that payment to its members as cash back. Cash back is deposited directly into your PayPal account. Or Rakuten can send you a check. Maximize your savings by stacking cash back on top of other deals like store sales and coupons. Membership is free and it's easy to sign up. Listen, I love a good deal. I shop pretty often. I will say depending the time of the year, but mostly 12 months during the year, I will be shopping and I love a deal. Okay? I'm always gonna look for how can I get my money back or how can I get save a little here or there, right? Rakuten is going to help you with that. Daddy Gang. You like Levi's, you like Nike, you like Fenty Beauty, you like to go to Urban Outfitters, petco wine.com, Lowe's, whatever it be, they've got you. Get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cash. Back rates change daily. See raca ten.com for details. That's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Bondi Sands, the Aussie Sun care experts Daddy Gang. If you wanna elevate your Sun Care game with SPF 60 protection that feels like skincare, boom. Bondi Sand's new Sunny SPF range is here to keep your skin protected and glowing. Here's the thing, I feel like growing up playing sports, I'll be honest, I was not good with the SPF and as I've gotten older, I am obsessed with making sure I'm always wearing SPF on my face, on my hands, on my body, wherever I'm gonna be exposed. And please Daddy Gang do the same. Also, this product is infused with skin loving ingredients for added nourishment. The Sunny Drops face serum is super lightweight and the perfect base under makeup. If you guys saw, I used it in my, I put it on with some of my makeup and boom, I looked great. And the Sunny Coconut Crush lip balm will keep your lips hydrated and protected from UV rays. I put it in my purse and I carried it around the beach all day. It was amazing. All season. Know the sun. So, you know, what's skincare that you can trust? Daddy Gang, if you are interested, obviously Yes. Wait, yes, you of course you're interested because we need to protect our skin. Shop Sunny SPF online@bondisands.com and on Amazon.


I gotta ask what your opinion is on getting back with an X. I'm personally, I think it's known. I'm, I'm a fan. I support it, supported it in the past. Cheers. Cheers. What about you? I think it's so, It it, I personally think it's helpful. It's helpful because I am not a person. You can't forbid things from me because I will want to do it more. Yes. If I tell myself some of my friends are really good at that, they're like, well, not gonna text him because blah, blah, blah. I'm not like that. Yeah. I'm like, if I wanna text him, I'm gonna text him.


I agree. I completely agree. Like, you know, I've gotten back with exes even if I know it's not gonna work. Sometimes you need that closure. You, you need to know that it's not going to work and It needs to be on your terms and Then you need to be over it and you need to be like, I did it and I've, I know. I know. I know. And I know. Okay. So I have to just say it. Yeah, Sure. Fuck it. Say it. Okay. So it looked, it looked to the world like you and your ex Sean Mendez kind of like dabbled with the idea of getting back together Yeah. About a year ago. Yeah. What was going on? You know, I think it's like what we were just talking about. Yeah. Like you're just like, Hmm. Yeah. Yeah.


And you know, it's crazy because I just, like, I, I'm kind of, IM like impulsive in that way, I would say. Like, I feel like if I feel it, I say it. Yeah. And I'm not really good at not doing that, like I said, because then the worst place for it to live in is my mind. Totally. And then I'm like, you know, Ryan Gossing in the notebook building a house for this person. So I would rather say it and, you know, see what happens and then wake up the next day and find out that it's been heavily documented. Yeah. I just like went, I opted for that route, but, you know, but it a great route. But it is what it is. It was a great route. It was a fun time. It was a fun moment.


And, you know, and I, I will always care about him and love him. He's such a good person. Yeah. And I'm lucky, you know, 'cause some people have exes that are awful and you know. Sure. And he is not, he's a kind, a really kind, good person. When you Rekindle something with an X I've done it myself. I find, and I don't know if this is for you, I find the second breakup is always a little bit easier than like the first initial because it's kind of already been over. Yes. Then you try to rekindle again. Yes. How did you guys make this huge decision? You'd be like, okay, we're moving on. I Think it was just like, it, it wasn't even like a, a, a decision. I think you just kind of are like, yeah, this doesn't really, it's not a, it, it's not a fit. It doesn't feel right.


And I think luckily, you know, I was in a place in my life where it took me less time Yep. To realize that like, it's good. And it took us both less time, like to be like, this doesn't feel right. And we don't really need to like, try so hard to like, make it work. Like it's all good. Like, this is not feeling good. Like, yeah, let's be friends. I love you. I love you. It's all good. Let's move on. You go do your thing. You go do mine. Become the person that you know that you're becoming and I'll root for you. And, and that's it. You know, Getting back with an ex for a moment, it is sometimes helpful because it makes the first sting less hurtful because you kind of relive it for a second. You're like, check still not right.


We can kind of now like fade off and be like, it wasn't, it wasn't what we wanted and that's okay. You Know? Yeah. And I think the worst thing that you can live with is like a what if or a doubt. What is your take on the idea of right person, wrong time? Wow. That's a great question. I don't think that there is such thing. I feel like if it's the wrong time, it's, it's, it's not right. It doesn't matter if it's, I think right person, wrong time is still a way of keeping yourself tied to the person. And it's almost like Right job, wrong time. It's the wrong job. Yes. It's so true. You know? So true. Like, it's like when You say it like that, You know, no, you're right. There's just no such thing.


Like I feel like I, I really, I feel like if if it's the wrong time and that makes it a person that's, yeah. I love like, just the simplicity of like, it sounds so clinical and non-romantic, but like, it's just not a fit. Like When I met Matt, I was like, this isn't the right time. Like, I really wasn't looking for a relationship and I really didn't want a relationship. When I met Matt, I was like, fuck, but I, we made it work. There's No such thing because he Was the right person. Because there's no such, I feel like there's no such thing really. I mean maybe there is such thing as the, i I mean, maybe wrong time could be classified as like long distance or you're going away or whatever. But still, but then in that case, it's, it's just, it's not Right. Right, Right. Like if period, if it's right person, you will find a way to make it work.


Yes, you will. Yeah. A hundred percent. What do you personally think is The most difficult aspect from past experience of like, going through a breakup? I think it's like the, like a long term breakup. Yeah. I think it's like the, it's really just like the, the like where does the love go vibe. You know, like you have so much like care and love for this person and it just, it really does feel, I've luckily up to this point in my life, I haven't experienced loss. Yeah. Like real loss. Yeah. But it feels like loss. But that person is just still out there and it takes your own restraint reminding yourself why it's not the right thing.


Yeah. To like, keep you away from texting that person or, or whatever. And also it's like, feels very out of your control. 'cause sometimes it's like I just, I wanted it to be this person so bad. Like I wanted it to be, but it's not. And that feels really hard to let go. Yeah. Like to be like, I really wanted this to be it, but the fact that it's not that I can't make this person who I wanted them to be. It's tough. It's really tough. Like you really, it really feels like, like a, you can't always get what you want kind of thing. I Do kind of love how you said that though. It's so true of like, where does love go when I'm thinking of like, what would my answer have been? I'm like kind of similar where you're like, how did we love each other so much and now it's not gonna work.


And we know the reasons it's not working. Yeah. But like, we loved each other so much, like how do we just like float away from each other and like, that's It. Yeah. It's like, where does the energy go? Right. I find like, it was so funny after like, there's been breakups where after I'm like, I tell my best friends, I'm like, can I just like hold your hand more and like be more like touchy with you because that's like a big love language for me, as you've probably seen Right. In videos is like touch, physical touch and Yeah. Even like the touch starvation after and you know what I mean? Totally. It is really hard. Totally. Like, I am like, can we just hold the Hands? Right. Like, that's when it gets tricky when you go through breakup of like, do I miss him or do I miss the things that came with having someone that I was in love with?


And that's really hard to discern of like, I miss my a best friend. I miss someone that's like gonna hold me and like hold my hand. And It's usually that I, I think for, for, for me in the past. I agree. You know, and that's where you really have to be like, I didn't get what I wanted. True. I really wanted, I really wanted this person to be this, I really wanted us to be this. Yeah. But it's not. Yeah. It's not. For all the girls listening, I'm curious if you have any advice. I've been through it. I think social media makes it so much fucking worse. How do you handle from past shit of like when you know, you and your ex are moving on at different paces? How this fuck. Oh My God. It's the worst. Oh, I'm like, I, I'd be out here fucking stalking bitches.


It's torture you're saying. I'm like, you're, it's just like, how do you handle it? I don't even know if you have advice. Like, I I really think it's like I have been an absolute psycho. Yeah, absolute psycho. I love You for admitting that and 'cause aren't We all I, and and honestly we even wars when I was younger. When I was younger, I would be dating a guy and like stalking his ex gimme I'd be like, what is wrong with me? Everyone raise Their hand In this room. I mean, I still, I still, honestly, I definitely like, we all do it. I've been a while since I've been in like a long-term relationship, but God, I was like, he is like telling me he loves me and meanwhile I'm torturing myself over somebody. Like he's not even with anymore.


It's like so crazy. It's so hard. The, the, the, the torture. I think like my advice would be, I've gotten better at this is like, I'm a big like, mindfulness, like kind of Buddhist practitioner person. Practitioner practitioner, not practitioner person. That sounds so fucking weird. Sure. Practitioner. I know. Like what? But I think like self-compassion is really important when it, when it comes to that stuff. It's like I could do something that's gonna really hurt me or I can put the phone down. It's so fucking hard. It's really hard. But you almost have to do it out of kindness for yourself. And I think like, giving ourselves grace, like it is normal to want to be interested in that shit.


Like, I think of course it's so annoying when people are like, oh my God, you like stalk your ex. It's like, oh fuck you. It Literally fuck you. It's like if this person was in your bed, you used to have sex, you were intimate, you were in love. Like of course there's moments where you're like eating a french fry one day and you're like, oh, what is he up to? It's like you Yeah. It's natural. Just like you're wondering what fucking kids from middle school are up to and you go on Facebook to get up. Oh my God. Also like the people that don't admit that I'm like, Ugh, please. Like you are not fun to talk to. Like where is your like fucked up human size. We're Crazy. We're let us crazy. We're crazy. Break Up Sex. Are you a proponent? Has it helped you in the past? Has, does it ruin things for you? Have you, so what does Break Up Sex mean? Like, you're Like, this is over.


Oh. But Yeah. And then you do it one more time. Yeah, of course. And like, have you found it makes it more messy or is it more like, huh. Okay. I feel like if you're, if you're wanting to have breakup sex, you're probably gonna hit each other up next week. Like, there's still something there, you know? And, and like I said, I'm sorry I'm a proponent. Like I, I don't believe in the forbidden fruit. If you want it, do it kind of like date 'em till you hate 'em vibe. I don't actually hate anybody. Yes. But I'm saying do it until it's out of your system. And my friends really don't agree with this. They're like, you're an idiot and we hate you.


And don't ask me for advice anymore 'cause I'm sick of you. But it's been helpful for me and you know, and, and I also think the, I think the hard part is like, sometimes you do waste some time in that way. Like you, like are still entertaining something. Yeah. And maybe there could be somebody out there that's Better. I think the point to close out the dating chapter is like, yeah, everybody that's listening like, don't feel shame if you go back to an ex. No. But protect yourself in those moments of just knowing like what, there could be an end date and just like, just be okay with that. And maybe there's not an end date. Maybe you guys are gonna stay together forever. I think it's just like, and Know why know why.


Yeah. You still keep going back. Is it the sex? Is it the chemistry? Is it The emotional connection? Is it your self-esteem? Is it whatever? Because I think like one thing that I feel like I'm always trying to do, and I'm not trying to, whatever the risk of sounding, I'm not trying to sound preachy, is like, I feel like always doing the inner work and inner questioning of like, why am I doing, why am I doing this? Why am I doing this? And if you still wanna do it, do it totally. But just know why You're doing it. Why you're doing like what you're getting out of it. Your New music is on the way, which everyone is freaking out about. Did you hear it? I did. So I was at the hairdresser and I'm like, where do I listen to this? And I'm holding it up. Oh my God, my ear. And I'm listening also.


Like me obviously interviewing you. I was like trying to listen to the lyrics. Yeah. I'm, what is she trying To say? Course I love by the way, which I love. It's So good. Thank You. It's everything because it's so fucking raw and it's so fucking real. And I wanted to ask you just like, what has it meant to you in the writing process and everything? Yeah. Well I think this is like my, I love this quote by this poet Rainer Maria Rka. That's like live your questions. Okay. Oh, have you ever heard Of that? Wait, no. I Love that. I read this book, it was actually in COVID time and it's called Letters to a Young Poet. And there's this poet that's asking him like, he has so many questions and I think he's like probably in his twenties. And he's like, the one advice I can give you is to live your questions.


And I feel like this was my live my Questions album live my questions chapter. And it's like very really like sitting in the discomfort of things and realizing there's not gonna be a neat in a box answer. It's like I feel strong in these ways, weak in this ways. And there's no real clear answer here. But yeah, like the album process has been like such a journey. And you know, it started off with me really having that intention of going back to how it started for me, which is just like, you know, sitting with myself and you know, really like getting back to that first like passion of songwriting and you know, like nerding out over references and artists and poetry and whatever.


And really tapping into that and then finding the collaborators that would really help me. I worked with like this amazing producer name's Pablo Elcho and he really championed that for me. And whenever I would get kind of nervous or doubtful about like, you know, should we bring any other co-writers in the room or whatever, he'd be like, no, this sounds like you got this and we got this and you know, we can do it. And he brought in Jasper Harris and the three of us kind of like made this whole project and it turned into like, I'm excited for you to hear the whole album because it really is like kind of almost turned into like this very like, solidified songwriter voice for me that became kind of like a persona in a world.


Oh wow. Which is the first time I've really done that with an album where it's like, has its own kind of color palette and mood and aesthetic and sonic vibe and you know, it's like very, it became kind of like its own world. And then obviously like, you know, the people that I, that I'm like a huge fan of. Yeah. Like there was so many artists that kind of came in and you know, it's just been like so fun and amazing. It, I'm so excited for you because when I just read some of the lyrics, it feels like we're actually just like inside your brain, like reading your diary almost in a way. Thank you. And I love how so much of it felt you're right of like this back and forth of like where your brain goes when you're in the middle of situations.


Yeah. And it felt so real. And like when I was reading it, I'm like, oh my God, I've experienced this in my life before too. It was very relatable. But the way that you were able to articulate it was just fabulous. And I think, thank you. So many women specifically I think are gonna be like, you're speaking from my experience. Yes. Yeah. I've looked this and it's really cool. It's also really cool because like the album aesthetically and even like so many of the themes in terms of it, it's like, you know, there's a lot of like lip gloss and nails and whatever. It's like very hyper femme. Yes. Which is so fun. 'cause it's like, I feel like I'm really tapping into the fun of like the feminine experience and, and sensuality and like even like the things that we do, like the the, you know, like Yeah.


All those like different, the Hair. The hair, The hair. No, it's so good. And I'm so excited personally to hear the whole thing, but I'm excited. I can't wait because I, that's fire. Think people, the beauty of conversations like this is like, I haven't really seen you like this online. We're like, I know you Really Are like our girlfriend. Like I feel like we're all friends with you now and I get you and I, we like you're, you just feel like someone that is very like, relatable. Well That's why I wanted to do this podcast too. Yeah. Because I was like, I feel like it's like very for the girls and I feel like my album is like very like for the girls. And also like my, so much of it was like inspi, it's so much of me and who I am is inspired by my friends and you know what I mean?


And like that dynamic and like, you know, drinking wine and talking about like whatever the worst sex you've ever had. Like, like literally that's like, you know, that's very, that's life. That's life. That is life. That's the best part of life. What message do you hope fans take away from this album when it comes out? Ooh, that's a great question. I really think it's live. Your questions. And I would add to a bonus to that is I think it's like really embracing the playfulness of it. Like the playfulness of being alive, of being a girl. And I think that's honestly why so much of this album has themes like, I don't know, like sex or whatever is because it's playful and it's it's Playful and it's hot.


It's hot and being hot is fun. Yeah. Like some of the lyrics I was like, oh, Camilla. Like, that's Camilla. Oh Well I think it's like, just like this spirit of, I think freedom and, and like just like ownership. Yeah. And really just like owning your fucking life. And I don't know, just like fucking being, being free and being You. I am so excited for you. The Daddy Gang will support you the minute this comes out and Aw Daddy Gang, I can't thank you enough for sitting down. I know that you don't do this often and like you're a fucking pro. I could do this with you all day. Well, Me too. And I knew that it would happen like that. 'cause I really was like, yeah, I was listening to your stuff and I was like, oh, this is a girl that like I would be friends with, you know?


Right. But thank you for real, for making me feel so comfortable. Of course. Love that. You're so kind. And I love you and I love this wine. And I love you too. Woo. Thank you so much. Thank you. You're the best.


Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy. Just drop in some details about yourself and see if you're eligible to save money. When you bundle your home and auto policies. The process only takes minutes and it could mean hundreds more in your pocket. Visit progressive.com after this track to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


My name is Lily and I've had Hydradenitis Suppurativa Hs for years. I finally found some relief since taking Cosentyx. Relief means I can show up more. Cosentyx secukinumab is prescribed for adults with moderate to severe adenitis suppurativa Hs. Don't use if if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting get checked for tuberculosis. An increased risk of infections and lowered ability to fight them may occur like tuberculosis or other serious bacterial, fungal, or viral infections. Some are fatal. Tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, chills, muscle aches, or cough. How a vaccine or plan to or if inflammatory bowel disease symptoms develop or worsen serious allergic reactions and severe eczema like skin reactions may occur. Learn more at 1-844-COSENTYX or cosentyx.com. Ask your dermatologist about Cosentyx.


The new mc crispy strip is here. Dip approved by ketchup. Tiny barbecue, honey mustard, honey mustard, Sprite, McFlurry, big Mac sauce double dipped in buffalo and ranch. More ranch and creamy chili MCP strip dip now at McDonald's.