
Daddy Gang, Welcome back to another episode of Call Her Daddy. Today I am sitting down with Katherine PIs. If you are a fan of the Ace Family, then you already know exactly what we're about to get into. But for those of you who may not be as familiar with today's guest, I'm gonna catch you up. Okay. Catherine and her ex-husband, Austin McBroom, started the Ace Family YouTube channel in 2016. They were essentially the first family vloggers to ever do it, and people were so obsessed with them. To this day, they still have 18 million subscribers. Okay. So for years, everyone watched Katherine and Austen's relationship play out online.


We watched them get engaged, have kids move into new homes, and they documented every aspect of their lives on YouTube. Now, throughout their relationship, there was a lot of controversy, there was financial turmoil, and there were tons and tons of cheating allegations, but to the public, they always put up a united front until they suddenly stopped posting and revealed that they were getting a divorce. For the past about two years, they have been basically not really addressing anything, and there are so many unanswered questions. How often was Austin actually cheating?


Was Catherine aware the entire time what was going on with their finances and what is the truth behind the drug allegations? So Daddy Gang, I am excited to give Kathryn the opportunity to speak on all of it today in long form for the first time. Let's get into it. What is Up? Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy, daddy. Daddy, Catherine Paiz. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you. Okay. We've got a lot to talk about. Obviously you and your ex-husband, Austin McBroom started the Ace family, which quickly became quite literally the biggest family YouTube channel ever to exist.


And then suddenly you guys went dark. And I think everyone has a lot of questions, which we're going to get into. But first I just wanna know, how are you doing? I'm Doing good. I feel like I'm in a new place in my life and I'm just so excited just to like be free with myself and just be authentic. Not that I wasn't authentic before, I just feel like I'm at a, just a new stage in life. Yeah. Yeah. You and Austen's last video together was almost two years ago. I know. I didn't even know that Almost two years ago. Okay. That's crazy.


Which is crazy because I feel like for so long people watched you every single day, like you were on our screens for so long. So to go for two years, it's been a long time. Why are you ready to talk about all this now? I think for me it's like I was, I felt silenced for so long and it wasn't like someone was silencing me. I, I was silencing myself. And I think that for all those years of just not being able to just speak freely and just like really sit with myself, it was really hard, Alex. It was really hard. And I think that now I'm just so healed from all of my experiences. It's not just my relationship.


All of the traumas and all the experiences that I faced early on in my life, I've just healed so much through all of them. Truly. Like actually, truly. And I just feel so alive. I feel like I can really just be myself and it's okay. Yeah. You know, it's, it's, it's okay to be me and sit with myself. And I wrote a book. Yes, you did. I wrote a book about, you know, some of the experiences that I had early in my life into my, you know, into my adulthood. And I think through my healing and through writing of this book, I really just like came back to myself.


That's really beautiful. Because I think so many people always say like, why now to people? And I actually was interested to know like, why now? And I can feel your energy and like, I think a lot of people who have been your fan for so long have wanted you to get to this point in your life. But I do know a lot of it is a little messy because I just obviously saw some chapters got released of your memoir. And then you have your ex-husband Austin coming forward and he's already commentating on this is a lie, this isn't truthful, this is exaggerated. How did you feel when you saw him kind of publicly coming out and trying to put down essentially this book?


Yeah, I feel like that's already an indicator of why I never expressed myself, you know, through all those allegations of cheating and infidelity and all those things, it's like I was so afraid to speak up. I was so afraid to say I'm an idiot. Like, I just didn't see it, you know? Or I was so afraid to say, you know, I'm trying to hold the very little peace that we have in our family. I'm trying to keep that together. I'm trying to shelter the, the very little piece that we have, you know? And for me it was like, you know, I, I'm just, I'm embarrassed.


I don't know what's true or not. There are so many things that aren't true. It's really hard to like differentiate what is true, what isn't. Until I really found out. Okay, we're gonna go all the way back because I feel like we know you as the Ace family. We know you as Catherine a part of the Ace family, but I think it's important, and you talk about this in your book, I wanna just lightly talk about your life before all of this. Describe like, what was your experience growing up in your family dynamic? Yeah, So my mom was born in Nicaragua. My dad is Panamanian. They met in Panama.


They were teenagers when they met. And you know, they had a lot of hardship. They had a very toxic relationship. Just like any young couple that is new to a country, new language, knew everything. They didn't have family, they didn't have friends. And so the first half of my childhood, my dad was a single dad. My mom took herself outta that toxic relationship and moved to Florida. And so, you know, I, I knew she did that for the best of, for the best of the family. And it's interesting 'cause I'm like, I was such a, I had such an awareness, even as a child that I like knew like she's doing the right thing.


You know what I mean? Like, I knew that as a child and I'm like, I know my mom is doing this for us, you know, for the bigger picture. My parents didn't have much money, you know, really nothing. Yeah. And I had this really weird relationship with money. Like, I remember thinking like, you know, my mom would say things like, we don't have the money for that, or we can't do that. Or, you know, and I remember looking at her and thinking, I'm gonna make a lot of money one day so that I can do all the things that I wanna do, and I can support you and I can support my family. And it was like this drive that I had inside of me, So many adults, you get to that place where you're like, what was lacking in your childhood that then you were craving?


Because whether you had friends that had it or you were told you couldn't have it, then it's almost like that goal in your head, which then we'll get to. 'cause then you eventually got all of that. And sometimes it doesn't mean that that is the thing that brings you happiness, but when you're young and you have this vision, totally, it's like you're gonna go for it no matter what. Yeah. I, I'm interested though, hearing you talk about your parents having a toxic relationship. Like how did their marriage impact you at a young age of like how you viewed love? Yeah, hugely. Oh my God, that's such a good question. Thank you. You're so good at this. Thank you. Stop. Okay. So I feel like when my marriage was going downhill, we didn't have good communication.


That's one thing I, you know, I take full accountability is I had the worst communication and I'm still working on it today. I think I've gotten a, a lot better, but when I look at my parents, I thought, I don't wanna be another couple that doesn't make it. You know, I wanna, I wanna be, I wanna have that traditional love you say your I dos and you're in there for, you know, till death do us part. That was like kind of my, the way that I saw it. You know, also having children, you know, you want your children to grow up with both their parents. And that was my dream. It's like, I wanna be able to have that family.


And when we had it, you know what I mean? And, and I thought, oh my gosh. Like, I remember one morning I, I remember thinking like, did I make it like looking around? I remember did I make it? And I was like, well, why do I feel so empty? Let's talk about Austin. Can you tell me how you guys met? Like how did that all go down? Yeah. I moved to Los Angeles.


I had this fuel to move to Los Angeles. I was super excited and I bought a one way ticket. My friend invited me to an all white attire party. And I walked in and I saw Austin from across the room, Austin McBroom from across the room. And I looked at him and I thought, I don't know why, but I feel like I know him. So interesting. And she introduced us and we shook hands and that was it. And then I, I took a Uber home and I, I didn't talk to him. So about a month later he had messaged me on, I think like Twitter or something. He was like, Hey, I'd like to send you something. And I didn't respond. So a month went by and then he messaged me again and he was like, Hey, I'd like to take you to dinner.


And I almost didn't go. I was like, I don't know why, but something's telling me to go, but I'm just like, I don't know. I don't know. And so I'll never forget that morning, he was like, so, oh, he goes, do you like sushi? And I said, no. He's like, okay, well, me neither. But I got us a res a, a reservation at Nobu Malibu and I, and I said, okay, that's nice. Like in my head, I'd never been there before, so I'll go. So we go and we're sitting across from each other, you know, we're by the ocean and we're talking. He was asking me a lot of questions about me. I thought that was really nice, you know, and he is a young college student. It was like he was going into senior year of college playing D one basketball. And he's talking, and all of a sudden, like, I just don't hear anything.


And I'm like, oh my gosh, that is a person that I'm gonna have children with and that is a person that I'm going to marry. And I knew it in that moment, like nothing could tell me otherwise. What was it about him? It was just a feeling. It was just this feeling. It's like this inner knowing. And I thought, I just know it's him. Okay. You write about in the book that the first time you have your first kiss is the same day that you both also say, I love you. Were you nervous at how fast it was moving? No. No. Why? Because it was just meant to be, I saw this thing recently.


I don't, I don't know who said this. Oh, I'll find out and let everyone know. But she said, when you meet the one, or when you meet someone that you're meant to be, be with, you skip the dating phase. So it's like, we just went from like meeting each other to being like, we're married, kind of thing. You know what I mean? Who said, I love you first? He said it first. Did you say it back? Immediately. Immediately. And so it didn't freak you out at all. You didn't feel like it was like love balmy at all. You were just like, this is, this is it, this is it. If you had to pinpoint it back then, what do you think was different about Austin compared to all the other guys that you had dated? Well, one, he doesn't care what anybody thinks. And I think I find that so attractive.


And I feel like that's, like, my inner self is like, I don't give a shit with anyone thinks, but he was like that person for us in our dynamic, you know, taught me a lot. I also think, you know, he's very, he's just very motivated. He's a very motivated person. And I just, I was just so attracted to the fact that he was so free with himself. And I never met anyone like that. Actually, the only person that I know close to him is my brother. And I always said, oh my God, you and my brother need to meet because you guys are so much alike. How soon into your relationship did you get pregnant? Like two months. It was so quick. Oh wow. It was so quick. And what was your reaction?


What was Austen's reaction? So it's interesting because the day before we found out we were at a restaurant and his friend just had a baby. So he was showing me the newborn photos, and I was looking down, I was like, oh my gosh, like, would you, would you wanna start a family one day? He's like, yeah, I, I like, I would love to have kids. One day he is like, you know, maybe in the future, you know. And he goes like, we'll start a family one day. And I was like, I like, I know, like I feel it, you know? I feel, I feel a family for us. Just, I just knew it. But I didn't know I was pregnant already. How did you tell him? He was right there in the room? I, I, he was in the room. He was sitting on his belly, you know, scrolling on his phone. And I, I, I thought, yeah, I feel, I feel nauseous, you know, I feel kind of sick.


And he thought, oh, maybe we should take a pregnancy test. And I'm thinking like, I'm, nothing's gonna happen. And I took the test and immediately I stood up. I didn't even think about it. I just stood up, hey. And I threw the, threw the stick at him by like close to him on the bed. And he's looking at it, he is like, I'm like, yeah, I think we're pregnant. And he's, and it was, these little, the lines were very faint, so we couldn't tell for sure, but just his reaction. Yeah. And just the way I slept, I slept so good that, that night I didn't even think about it. I, I'm thinking we're good. No matter what. You started this YouTube channel, obviously shortly after that she was born. How did you guys decide to do this? So when he was in college for that last year, I decided to move in with him.


I was pregnant for that whole year. And he had a, a roommate, like someone that was kind of there just to help with that last year of college because he was playing, you know, D one basketball and he was still going to school. And then, you know, I was pregnant. And so he was kind of just there to like, keep tabs and make sure that everything was good. And he was the one that said, Hey guys, like you guys should really start a YouTube channel. And he's like, you know, your videos are going viral on Facebook and people are making money off of them. And I'm thinking like, what? 'cause we would make like cute little homemade videos, you know, of him talking to my belly or just us being funny and goofy or whatever. And he's like, people are taking your videos and monetizing your videos. Why don't you guys make your own videos?


And I thought, can we do that? You can make money off your videos. I'm like, like what? Like, that's so crazy. And at the time, you know, his dreams were to play in the NBA and that summer, you know, he, he, he got with the wrong agent and he did a couple tryouts, you know, one with the Lakers, one with the Knicks, and just, it didn't work out. And we thought, what are we gonna do? Like either you go play overseas in Greece or something, we move the ba, we go the as a family and, and, but nothing is, you know, in set in stone. Like, we don't know what that looks like. And so then that's when we were like, let's start YouTube. Back in the beginning, once Elle was born, whose decision was it to make her a part of the content?


It just came naturally. Yeah, because I didn't film my birth with Elle. It was like, you know, we just private, you know, just, I mean, we filmed on our phone, you know, we weren't making a vlog. And I think like, it just made sense because we are so hands-on with our child and we, my, I was not gonna get a nanny. I'm like, I'm gonna raise my daughter. You know, I'm, I'm finally have my daughter here, you know? And I thought, well, we can make content with, with our daughter. You know, we can just naturally, organically share our journey. Did You have any hesitations in the beginning or later on about putting your kids on camera? Never. And you know, why Alex, why back in the day it was really new, like YouTube, it's been a thing for a while, but we were really like that, like, I hate to say the word, but I feel like we kind of pioneered that like, family vlogging experience, you know what I mean?


Yeah. It's like we were the first to do it at that magnitude in that way. And it was like, I, it, it was like when this monster of like social media was sharding, you know, sometimes I think back and I'm like, oh my God, am I part of that? This craziness that's going on now in the world? You know? 'cause Obviously I'm sure you've seen it, but like, there are people that accuse you and Austen of exploiting your kids. Like what do you say to that? Yeah, I just think that like, when we first started, it was so pure. It was like pure intentions. It was like, obviously we wanna make a living, you know, like anyone wants to make a living, you gotta work. But it was more like, we're just being present with our family, our daughter.


And it's interesting 'cause we would make these elaborate videos and we found out very early on that people enjoyed our family vlogs, our simple family vlogs sitting on the floor. Those would get more views than our like, big elaborated videos we would spend money on and doing. So it was just like, well, people just wanna see us. They just relate to us. Maybe they see themselves in us. So much of your success is through your children. Like, did you guys have a big conversation about setting them up with money and like putting money away for them? Or was it more just like, it's all the families? Yeah. No, they have their separate bank account. Actually very early on in my career, I think 2017 when Elle was about a year old, we got her a bank account, you know?


Yeah. I think that those were the conversations and things we were having. Yeah. But in terms of like exploitation and stuff like that never crossed our mind that was like, like I don't, I just feel like we were just the beginning of something new. How do you feel about it now? You know, we're in the age of technology and, you know, it's like, there's no right or wrong. I don't think, like, I think that like, if people choose to keep their private, certain private things away from social media, that's beautiful. And I think that if some people choose to do it the opposite way, I think that that's beautiful too.


I think that everything's meant to be the way that it's meant to be. Once you guys kind of started really becoming yourselves and people know, knew the Ace family, like on a good month, can I ask like, how much were you guys making? So there was a period we were making, like, we were making seven, seven fingers a month. To me it, it was like I was numb to it, truly. Like, it didn't make it, it was just like, it didn't make any sense. I was going through this phase in my life where I just felt so disattached and now I look back and think, oh my God, I would've done so much with that.


I would've invested, I would've bought my mom a house, my dad a house. I would've done this, this and that. And it's like we, we just didn't have the right mentors. Yeah. We didn't have the right tools, you know, we didn't have, we had a lot of yes men around us and we just made really bad business decisions. Yeah. Along the way, Once you guys started filming everything all the time, when did it start to feel like you weren't just filming parts of your life but you were living to film and get content? Like, when do you think that switch happens? Because I feel like for a lot of creators, Right? Yeah. It happens. Oh my gosh. Yeah. There is moments where I'm like, because you know, like big reveals and stuff, like people wanna watch those, that's a great click bait.


And so, you know, it was genuine for a long time. It was like, okay, like he's genuinely surprising me. He's genuinely proposing to me like, it was like, wow, like this is so crazy that we can capture such a big milestone, big moment. And we can actually look back on it too. Like it's filmed, but then also having so many eyes on you. I didn't know back in the day, back in the time now I know, but I didn't know that I was not protecting myself. But the moment that I, I realized where I, I don't know if this is real or not real, I don't know. That must have happened genuinely.


I, there was like a big moment for me. Mm. It was when my second daughter was born, I just felt this disconnection and it was like, I actually don't wanna film this, but like, I know that people are waiting for it because they've invested so much. And there was this fine line of like, do I put my foot down and just like live in the moment or do I also, so, and then he was holding the camera so it made it easier. But then it was like, is he here though? Is he present? So that, that was like a big moment for me. And did you end up releasing a video? Oh yeah.


Yeah. Yeah. How did you feel about it? I was just like really numb and empty at the time. Yeah. Did you ever find that you started to not be clear if Austen was doing romantic gestures for you? Because it was, he was filming it so it would look good for you guys as a couple? Or were you like, wait, is he actually doing this romantic gesture and he just happens to be filming? Oh, Totally. Yeah. There was moments where I'm thinking like, I don't know, like, you really surprise me. You know, where it's like, and then it was like me kind of having to follow with that like surprise. And then I'm like, I feel like I'm a clown in a circus.


You know what I mean? Right. Because you couldn't just naturally be like, like if, if my husband surprises me, of course I'm gonna be surprised. But then you kind of like chill for a second after you're like, like, wait, when did you think of this? But you have to, you see the camera, so then it's like, keep it going. Call the kids down, get everyone around, let's run to the backyard. And it's like you're, it's a production. A production. Yeah. It's, and a theatrical, which feels like you probably were on this hamster wheel where it's like, you can't get off this ride almost. And you, did you and Austin ever have a conversation being like, let's set boundaries of like what we should keep private and what we shouldn't? There might've been moments where we kind of talked about, but to be honest with you, not really.


Like, I just, we didn't have that communication within ourselves. Yeah. In the book you write that Austin made a lot of financial decisions without asking you. And that it was so extreme. You would check your bank accounts and see six figures missing. Where was all the money going? Yeah, there was moments where, you know, I'd see some money coming out and it was, you know, to pay this, pay that. And it was like, I didn't feel like I was having that like wife, like that partner, that husband and wife conversation about our finances. And it would be heartbreaking to look at the bank. 'cause I was very well aware of what was in there. And it's like, where did, where did that go?


Like what, what's happening? Or like, one thing as well, it's like little things that, you know, things that I would never think to pay for like, like a private jet for instance. You know, that personally for me wasn't something I would ever do. Like if I had never met him, I would've never been on a private jet. Today I am like, probably never, you know, because I'm thinking like, I'll just take a regular flight. But little moments like that. But it, it seems, which makes me sad for you because I feel like that unfortunately is a lot of people's experience where you're like, I didn't feel like it was a partnership when it came to finances, and yet you were 50 50 and making all this money. Like, did you ever go to him and be like, Austen, I feel a little bit in the dark here.


Like, we need to have. Yeah, for sure. And how did he react when you would bring that up? Oh, you know, I'm sorry. You know, I didn't want you to worry. And I don't know, I just feel like, you know, I, I get it, but it's like, that's not what a marriage is about. A marriage is about talking about these very deep things that really affect like our children and our future. And like, you know, when you make certain investments, the goal is to make at least make your money back. Yeah. You know? And so that was really stressful for me, that really caused a lot of stress and strain in our relationship. That's what I was wondering. 'cause I know you write a lot about the home foreclosure that you guys went through, which was so public and so many people were talking about it of like, are they broke?


What's happening? And you put a lot of the detail beautifully in the book. But like overall, when you look back at that moment in your life, what did losing that house represent to you? So leading up to that moment, we, I felt like there was a lot of things that I was looking losing control over, right. My family, my relationship, our career, everything. Right. There was a lot of narratives and things that were being said. And I, and you know, I kept, I, I was really strong and I was like, you know, I'm gonna be strong and, you know, I'm gonna keep fighting. And we have our home, you know, we have our home, we, our kids are happy, they're healthy, we're healthy, everything's fine.


And so one day I wake up and I get a phone call as my father-in-law. He said, Catherine, the house is under foreclosures all over the news. And I'm like, what do you mean? What do you mean? He goes, well, your loan ended and no one's gonna, it's a jumbo loan. No one's gonna accept you. You don't have the certificate of occupancy. But I'm like, but I've been paying the mortgage every month for three years. Everything we, what, what do I need to do? What do I need to pay? I'll, I'll, I'll save it. What, what do we need? There's nothing you can do. It's under foreclosure, it's gone. You have a 30 days to move out. Oh my God. Yeah. And it was heartbreaking. I, I cried in ocean. And it's crazy because out of all the things that were happening in that era, that was the thing that really broke me because I was looking for a home my whole life.


It's like, I just wanted to feel like I'm at home. Can you explain to me, 'cause I'm sure people are really confused and want a little bit of clarity on like, there was so much going on behind the scenes, obviously that people didn't know. Like, what was it really like between you and Austen when the cameras were off? When the cameras were off? I wouldn't say that there was much of a change. Okay. I think if anything, at least I can speak for myself. I feel like I was pretending, you know what I mean? It's like, I feel like I was just so disconnected from myself. Not like everything around me, but like within myself, you know?


And I was like, all of this happened so fast. Like I gave birth, we started YouTube channel, it grows overnight. I'm a new mother, I'm newly married. There's all these, these eyes on us. There's so many people that want things from things from us. And, you know, it just, it was just a lot of things. And so when the cameras were off, it was more like, I'm just gonna sit here and breastfeed my baby and just like, scroll on my phone. Like, I never went out. I never hung out with my friends. I hardly saw my family. I was in a really dark place. Let's talk about the cheating allegations.


So over the years, there were so many different allegations of Austin cheating on you, and it was a pretty constant conversation online for a couple years. At first, how much attention were you giving to these rumors and did you even believe them when it first started? When it first started, my heart sank. I'm like, oh my gosh. Like, I remember like sitting with my, oh my gosh, like, is this gonna happen? You know? And then it was like, oh, well I, I see him, I'm with him every day. Like, we're co-parenting, we're married, we're business partners. I mean, when is he gonna have time? But it's really interesting. I was telling my mom the other day, I remember when I was 16 years old and I walked into a, a room with the, the TV was on and there was, it was that talk show Tyra Banks.


And there was a lady who said, if a man has enough time to go into the bathroom, he has enough time to cheat. And it just stuck with me. And I thought, does he have enough time to cheat on me? You know what I mean? And so that was kind of like the beginning. It's like, I don't know what's true or not. And you know, and I'd even have moments where we'd be laying in bed, you know, just falling asleep and I'd get a text from a random number, your husband is out at a party with me, da da da. And I'm thinking like, he's right over here. So some, there's moments I didn't know what to believe. There's some things that are true, there's some things that are distorted. There's some things that are not true. So it was really hard to tell.


And in those moments, did you, 'cause I know you're kind of saying your communication wasn't great. When the allegation started, did you bring it up to him at all? Or was that another thing that you guys kind of were like, Yeah, no, no, no. I brought it up. And what was His response in the beginning, oh, You know, that comes with a territory and let's not respond because we're just gonna add fuel to the fire and it's not true. I'm like, okay. You know, and And you trusted him? I did. Yeah. I really trusted him. When you look back at the very beginning, like the very beginning allegations, do you believe even then he was cheating? No. Can you take me to the moment where you found out about he was cheating and then we'll dial it back to like all the others?


Yeah. But the first big moment you were like, oh shit, he's cheating. Where were you? What happened? The first big moment you're like, oh shit, he's cheating. Where were you? What happened? Yeah, so there was a couple, there's like quite a few moments. Okay. But there was a couple go it, couple of moments where I was like, I'm heartbroken. Okay. Like The first one, let's go to the first one. So, you know, I don't remember exactly the first, first moment because I feel like there's just so many.


But there was this one moment I had just had my daughter, my second daughter, she was about six months old or something. And he was like, Hey, I have to go to Miami for a meeting. And, and I go Please. And I'm, you know, I'm the type of partner where I love for my partner to feel free. Like, I trust you go, you wanna go on a trip, you wanna go boys trip, whatever you wanna do. Go. Like, that's just my personality now. I look back, I'm thinking like, I should change, should change some things up a little bit and care a little bit more. Right? But at the time, I just had a baby. I was tired. I was filming every day. I had another baby. I was taking care, changing diapers, breastfeeding or breastfeeding all my kids five years straight. Wow. So super exhausted, super tired, you know.


And so he said, I wanna go to Miami. And I said, you know, you go, you go on your trip. And I remember calling my mom and my mom saying, I would never let my husband leave when my baby's just a couple months old. Like, you're, I don't know, you're different. And I'm thinking, oh well I dunno. I was like, you know, I think he deserves it. He's been working so hard. He edits, people don't realize, he edited every single video on our channel. We didn't have an editor. So I thought, you know, he deserves to go out. Like it's okay. He wants to go on a business trip, whatever. I remember that business trip, like it was yesterday, that business trip. He called me quite a few times where I felt like you're calling me a little too much. Like, I was just like, I don't know, like, it's okay. Go have fun. You know? Right.


And he pocket dialed me accidentally. And I heard women in the back. There were a couple women and I thought, okay, well, okay, well I guess my husband's hanging out with women. Yeah. I'm thinking whatever. Hung up the phone continued my day, a couple of months go by and this blonde male makeup artist makes this video on YouTube talking about my husband and how he was in Miami and there was this group of people and there was all these girls and there was this boat and all these. And to be honest with you, it's till, till this day I never watched the video. But I have gotten that like, information from some good friends who watched it for me and were able to like process it for me and helped me process it.


And I was pregnant in that moment. And I had to, I had to listen to that. And I, nobody knew I was pregnant. I was having my son and IS and I remember bawling and thinking, is this true? And even if it's not true, why are people saying this? This is like so detailed. And like, and I believed, you know, I didn't believe the horrors, but it was like, am I, am I just being stupid right now? Like, am I just really not sitting with this? Or am I, do I do I vindicate him?


Do I vindicate our family? Do. And that's what I did. And I think back at my old self, and I think I, I poor girl, like I wish I could hug her today. Like she was just going through so much and she, the old version of myself just wanted to protect that little piece we had in the family, you know? And I would see it in his eyes and I'm thinking like, I don't know, like, something's not right, but I'm gonna have a baby and I have to focus on the baby right now. So I wasn't sure. Right. And that was a big moment for me because there was some things that were being said that just, it just made a lot of sense. It was all adding up. You know what I mean? And did you confront him?


Yeah, I did. But not in a way where I was like, it was more like, how do we fix this? Because this is not true. And he's like, yeah, that's not true. Da da da. That's, you know, whatever this guy. And he's making things up and oh my God, he is trying to extort me and this and that. And you know, some of those things were true, some of them weren't. And I thought, how do we fix it? And I was, I was just lying to myself. Yeah. I knew deep inside something didn't feel right. Yeah. But then a couple months later I was, we were filming this thing called vlog Miss on YouTube. People film every day for the month of December. Yeah. And we had done it, you know, it was like a co a commentary.


I remember we would do every winter, and this was in December. And I was, you know, at that point I was like about three months pregnant with my son. I didn't know I was having a boy yet. So I just, you know, I was pregnant. I wore baggy shirts and like, you know, like I'd wear bigger shirts 'cause I didn't want anyone to know yet. I wanted to keep it to myself. Especially 'cause there was all this like negativity going around about him. Yeah. So I'm like, I'm just gonna keep this to myself. And then there was this moment that changed everything for me. We, oh, I had a dream. I have a lot of dreams. Yeah. Very symbolic. I'm sure you do too. Yeah. I had a dream where I was walking into my bedroom, the, the bedroom I was sleeping in.


We had this massive long 10 foot bed. I'm walking into the room and there's this, he's sitting in the bed and there's a woman with this beautiful blonde hair. And I just see the back of her and she turns around and she's this demon. And I woke up from that nightmare and I was, I was crying. I was like, oh my God. That was the worst nightmare I've ever had. Like, I literally, there was a demon on my bed and the whole day felt eerie. It was so eerie. It was so weird. And I didn't tell anybody. And I was just like, that's so weird. Couple of hours later we start filming and we go to this studio to get my daughter's first haircut.


She was a year old. She's getting her first haircut. And he, you know, our assistant who was Austin's friend from back in the day was there, it was Austin and myself and our daughter. And we walked in, you know, there's some fans and they were like, can we take pic picture? And I'm like, yeah, yeah. Like, let's finish filming you doing this and we'll take the photos. So they're all waiting there. And you know, everyone in the salon knows who we are and stuff. So it was just, you know, it. Regular moment. Yeah. We're there filming, he's filming our daughter's first haircut. And I'm kind of like, I'm taking photos for myself, for my phone, you know, like, oh my gosh. Like taking the photo and then like a movie. My camera, I mean, my phone dies, it just goes black. And I look at him without a thought and I go, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme phone.


Gimme phone. Lemme take a photo. Because you know, we're gonna miss the moment. She's getting her first haircut. As soon as my hand grabs that phone, mind you, I had never, never looked in his phone. Ever, ever, never. I grabbed the phone and it felt kind of weird 'cause I'm like holding his phone, right? Like, it just felt odd because I knew maybe there had maybe things he was hiding. I didn't wanna look. Yep. As soon, Alex, as soon as I grabbed the phone, no, like out of a movie, this long text comes through. If you really love your wife, you wouldn't be dah, dah, dah, dah, dah. And I, I like my, my brain scanned it, but I wasn't able to read it fully.


But in that moment, my heart drops. I'm pregnant, there's people watching us, the camera's on it felt like it, it just felt surreal. The assistant looks, notices, looks at him, he grabs the phone from me and I instantly deletes the message. And I thought, oh my gosh, it's true. Oh my God. Yeah. And I was calm, very calm. And we, you know, we paid and we finished. I, I wasn't in my body anymore. My, like, I wasn't on earth anymore. We walk out of the store or the salon and I said, Austin, who was that?


And he's like, it's somebody, it's, it's nothing. Please tell me who that was. I saw the text and I, I kept replaying what I could have done. Should I run to the bathroom? Like, should I like take like, I'm like, what should I have done at that whole, I like tackle him and read it. Like no, like, I was like, I didn't get to fully read it, but you saw enough that it said, if you really love, you leave your wife. It was an emotional, I I saw enough to know instantly this is an emotional relationship he's having with somebody. This is a woman that is having a relationship with my husband. And we got in the car and, you know, then my voice got a little, who was that? Oh, like, lower your voice, the kids.


And I'm like, okay. And I'm calming myself. The kids are in the car. Let's like, I mean, it's have grace, right? Say strong poised, get home. We get home blacked out. I was like yelling, screaming, tell me please, please just tell me who that was. Right. Please. Just, I feel so stupid. Just tell me I'm having a baby. Please just tell me. And I ran out of the house. I got in my car and I just started driving and I didn't know where I was driving, just driving, crying in ocean, bawling. I couldn't even see where I was driving. And I thought, I need to park somewhere. So I went to a, a park, parked at the park, put my hands in the wheel. And I said, God, if you hear me, please tell me what to do.


And in that moment, it's so interesting because I knew that one day I'd have a son and that I would name him steal. There was like this inner knowing. And when I had that conversation with God and I, I was really just like, just like a, a point of just, I'm surrendering. Just tell me what to do. And I heard this voice and it was like, you are having your son. There's a reason you named him steal. You have to stay strong for this whole pregnancy and just don't make any impulsive decisions. Just keep going. Just keep this in the back of your mind.


It's gonna, it's, it's gonna live there and it's gonna, it's gonna, you're gonna see, everything's gonna make sense, but don't make any big decisions right now. And I went home and I acted like nothing. Wow. Acted like nothing. I was, you know, I was, I didn't talk to him for a couple days. I think that was the longest we'd ever gone without talking. Since we met, I think, I think we met like two, three days. And then I texted him and I was like, we need to talk. And we went, we, we took a drive. We met in the middle of a street and we got in the car and he told me who she was and he showed me. And I was like, okay. So that was the girl you were talking to a couple months back. Now it's all making sense. Like you said, you were talking to a girl that needed help with Snapchat.


And I'm thinking like, why is a married man talking to a woman about Snapchat? Like, Snapchat wasn't even monetized in the day. Like, what are you talking about? Like, what are you doing? I think, okay, this is making sense. Okay, this is making sense. Okay. So I thought, okay, well what do we need to do? Like what, how, how can we, how can we move on from this? Like what do we do? Like, I was like, and I didn't tell him this at the time, but I thought I can forgive him because he's crying out for help. And I can, I, because at the time I was, I wasn't religious. I still not religious, you know, I'm, I'm, I believe in Christ, but I'm not bound by like religious structures.


But I was very like, you stick to your husband. I was very like, traditional in that sense. Yeah. And I don't know who made me like that, but I was just that way. And I thought, okay, maybe I can forgive him. You know? And so as the days went on, you know, then we went to a trip to Hawaii. Someone said, we should go there because, you know, that's where the heart chakra of, of the planet is and, you know, maybe we can get some healing. And so we went to Hawaii and then that's when I had posted that I was pregnant thinking like, I'm getting bigger now. I need to post. And yeah, it's, it's a, it's a secret that I was carrying inside of me and I wanted to like scream out loud that I was going through this, but I couldn't Listening to you say this though, Catherine, like so many times now you've said, the minute you find out, you're like, how can we fix this?


How can we fix this? And I think it does connect to what you've been saying of like, you're on this hamster wheel, you're out of your body. You're, all of this happened to your life and you're just going, and you can't even like stop to be like, are you okay? Like, do you, it's almost like you, it sounds like you weren't even like feeling like you were just like, yeah, how do we fix this? It's like almost like your business. You're like, how do we fix this and move forward? How do I say bye my man and move forward? I'm wondering though, when you're saying all this, like, is he apologetic in the car when he's speaking or is he keeping it more like brushing it under the rug? It's not that big of a deal, I'm gonna be honest with you.


It never felt apologetic, ever. Yeah. And you know what's interesting is even through our divorce, even through everything, I never heard him say the words I cheated until about a week ago when that first chapter of my book came out. I've never heard him say the words I cheated. And when I heard the words I was like, oh my God, finally I heard it. Thank you so much. That was all I was waiting for. Thank you. That's all I needed to hear. You could have just said it to me, you could have just been honest with me and just told me.


But it was like I was being gaslighted like, yes. It, like, it wasn't actually happening. And it was like, and yeah, I think that finally hearing those words was so healing for me because it's like I wasn't going crazy. Like it was everywhere. Everyone was saying it. Why do you think he decided to finally say those words? Just 'cause you were officially calling him out? That, and because now I understand the bigger the whole picture. I get it. I think a common theme for him was because if you really think about it, what kind of woman sleeps with a married man whose whole identity is based on being a married man and having a, being a family man, you know?


So I kept thinking, I kept going through those things as well. I was like, women are really like that, like PE women. And so what I was thinking was, he must have been telling this woman that I didn't care. And in that video, he, he posted last week out of everything he said, I mean everything was false, right? Or distorted or whatever. But, but the one thing he said that really, really just like, it was like a, like a punch to the gut was that he said that I was, that yes, I cheated. And she was okay with it. As long as he said, as long as I said you don't embarrass me.


And that is not true. I never ever ever said that. I would never say that. And I would never want my kids to think that that is okay to cheat on your husband or your wife. And I will make sure that I raise them and that they know that they never Ever do that because that is so wrong and you never cheat on the person you love. And I would never In a million years say that. So that was really hurtful that He, That he said that because I'm like, are just accept it. People would understand that better. He's putting the blame back on you. That's him taking no accountability. Think about that. The first time he acknowledges that he cheated the end of his sentence.


He can't just say, I cheated. Yes I cheated because she told me, just don't make me look dumb. AKA you were allowing him to go and have all these relationships and you're sitting here being like, I would never, Alex I would never do that. And I think now also understanding like how you write in the book, you kind of talk about like once the first you really got the concrete evidence then more came out. Like how many more did you find out about? I know, like I know personally of women, like I like don't know them personally. Like as I'm, I'm friends with them, but I know who they are and I would never say their names.


Yeah. Never, never, never, never. I would never, you know, I'm not that kind of person. But I know of many, Many as in like, I know for sure of three. Like for sure, for sure. Have they ever reached out to You? No. But they're out there in the world acting like that never happened. Probably. And I know that the truth. How many do you think there are? Mm, I don't know. I I saw some headline things saying he said there was 20 or something. I dunno if that's true or not. Yeah. I, 'cause I didn't watch his full video, but I don't know if he did say that kind of trying to cover himself. Yeah. Because I think when he saw the beginning, the, the first chapter of my book, he thought maybe that I wrote a lot more about him, but I kind of didn't in a sense.


Like, to be honest with you, it's a memoir about my life. But I will say that when you write a book, you always put the, the hardest part of your journey in the beginning of the book. Right. To catch the reader, to really draw them in. That's just something that as writers, it's common. And so he really got it backwards. I wanna ask you, there were some like viral cheating rumors that I wanna just like get your opinion on. Tana Mojo recently revealed that she covered for Austen after you found lipstick in Austen's car, what really happened there? So she, she covered for him, which I believe that is probably true.


Definitely happened because I remember we had a Lamborghini at the time. I never drove that car. And I got in one day as a passenger and I noticed there was a lip, lip liner, lip, lip liner, lip gloss, something like that. And it wasn't mine. And I thought, and I, I, I'm like, who's is this? He's like, oh, so and so got in my car the other day and he, you know, his girlfriend was on the lap and I drove them down the street to get into their car. And I just, I, I'm like, I don't believe you. Like at this point now, I, I'm, I'm, I don't believe you. Right. He's like, I'm gonna call him right now. And so I guess she was there and yeah, I think, you know, I think her publicly talking about that is hurtful.


Why didn't you call me, message me, tell, oh, hey girl, I was there on that phone call. I just wanna let you know, you know, that wasn't true. It was also rumored that Austen would hire nannies so he could sleep with them. But when you weren't around, do you know if this is true? No, we never had a nanny. Never had a nanny grandma. Okay. Did you ever get confirmation if the infamous yacht orgy happened? Yes, I actually did. Yeah. Wow. And that was when he butt dialed you that weekend? That was that weekend, yeah. How did you get confirmation? Through a friend who's married to a guy that was physically there.


Wow. Yeah. Years later, by the way. Yeah. When it didn't matter anymore. It just like, it was like, oh really? Oh, okay. That's surprise to me. Wow. Right. You're like, shit, I guess it, did it happen, Did Austin really bring his mistress to a charity event you guys threw together at the Staples Center? Yeah. So there was this girl, the girl that I, I was talking about earlier, the one with the long text. So that was her, Since that infor information came to light, Austen has completely denied it. Said he would've never brought a girl there. That never happened. Like what do you say to that? To me it's like, why lie about that? But now I know like, you can lie about a lot of things that aren't true. So I'm like, okay, well, because the thing is, is that I knew that writing this book, there would be some kind of like retaliation or some, some things that are said, yeah, I knew that, you know, something would come from this obviously because, you know, I'm wrote a book.


I didn't know what magnitude that I wasn't aware of. But it's interesting because I, I saw it and I thought this, this is not me, you know, like this is, I'm past that. Like, I truly feel like it was a test. Truly. It's like you Austin, you could have handled that differently. You know, you could have said, I saw, I saw, see she has a book out, you know, and, and one of the things he said is I didn't tell him about the book. Mm. But the thing is, is when you go through a divorce, you don't really tell someone what you're doing. You know what I mean? And I had been promoting the book for actually for two years, I'd been talking about it.


So he had seen it. I think if I would've mentioned the book to him privately, he may have wanna try to stop me from doing it. So it was just something I didn't, I mean, yeah, it was doing me, you know. But yeah, I think that him, he, he could have handled it differently. He could have said, you know, I just saw that Catherine and my ex-wife, she has a book out and he could have said something along the lines of, you know, I, although I don't totally agree with what she said, you know, I, there's, I guess there's always different sizes of story. Yeah. And I wish her well And I'm not proud of the things I did, but we've both moved on and whatever. Yeah. I just feel like the staple center moment for him to try to say that wasn't true.


It's like, again, Austin trying to reclaim this narrative, because specifically that I think because there's footage of you and your family, and it was such a core of who you guys were totally to the world, it makes him just look like an absolute fucking monster to like you. If you're gonna cheat, can't you just go do it in private? Like you have to put Catherine and your children through this. And so I think it must be him trying to reclaim the narrative a little bit and like litigate like, well, no, I didn't bring her here, but I brought her. It doesn't fucking matter. Well, The crazy thing is it did happen, and that's where I found out all the lies. So like, that moment was a significant moment in my life.


So of course I'm gonna talk about it if that was life-changing for me because I was pregnant when all of these things were going on. And I got confirmation from one of his family members saying, I told him not to bring that girl and dah, dah, dah. And I'm thinking like, what? You knew too, like I'm thinking like, oh my gosh, like I'm just being blindsided over here. Like, I had no idea, like truly like, yeah, I've been seeing the rumors and right, the narratives and, but oh my gosh, like, why can't you tell me? Like, why don't you talk to me? Like, Was this before or after the text incident that you, That was around the same time. Okay. So that's when it all started to like bow.


Yeah. Yeah. And then to go to this event and have that woman there. And now he's trying to say no. Okay. Austin recently tried to justify all of his cheating by saying you guys weren't having sex. What was your sex life like at the time? Yeah. So sex intimacy is very, very sacred to me, like more today than it has ever been. When I found out that there was cheating, I checked out and I said, my body is a temple and I refuse to allow anybody to come near my temple if he, he cannot be honest and truthful and loyal.


And it was like, I'm checked out. And it is true. And I actually, I wrote it in the book. I, I put the same exact put four years. It was four years. It was actually more like five years if you think about it, because Five years of What? Of not being intimate with him. Okay. Because just, just to be completely transparent and honest, because I do feel like a lot of women and men can relate to this, but I was going through a lot of postpartum, you know, your body changes, you know, you're breastfeeding and you're taking care of multiple children. And so we, we had my daughter and then we had, you know, I was pregnant that whole year and I, you, I was though the cheating allegations, all the things.


And I thought, you know, I don't know. And then I got pregnant with my son and I'm thinking like, maybe we can make this work. You know, maybe this is not what it all seems to be. And you know, we had just moved into a new house and we're like, you know, maybe, maybe we can have a, the family that we're always meant to have, you know, the family that we're portrayed to the world, you know, maybe you can really be that. And I got pregnant and then that was the f and then I found out he was cheating on me. And that was it. That was a never, never ever, ever, like Never again. Never again. And did he pursue you at all? Like, did he try?


No. And that's how I knew that there's cheating going on, right? Yeah. And you know what? Now, now I know how that's not normal. At the time, I thought, you know, we're going through a lot, you know, there's a lot of bad things happening around us. You know, we have children, you know, and we're overworked and we're tired, and we're stressed and we are anxious and all these things. And now I think back, I'm like, even when I would, like, we would kiss or it just, there was a disconnection and I thought, this isn't my husband. Like, Prior to all the cheating allegations, like, did you have like a healthy intimacy life with him?


Yeah. Yeah. I think that that's what part of, you know, our love and our bond. It's like we are so deeply connected, like in all ways. And yeah, I, I'm a, I'm a huge part of this problem though. It's like, I take it full accountability on being in a relationship with someone and not also pursuing intimacy. Because although I was disgusted and I didn't want like to be intimate, I didn't have these very serious conversations like, Hey, maybe we should go see a therapist. Like, maybe we should do couples therapy. Maybe like, this is a normal going y like another year without being physically intimate.


It is such an important part of a marriage and a relationship. Was It the cheating that really broke down your marriage, or were you guys rocky before you found out and with the allegations It was a cheating. It was, nothing else could handle anything. I have to ask, Austen said you weren't having sex because you believed you were the Virgin Mary reincarnated. What is your response to that? Yeah, it's really hurtful because it's just such a strange thing to say. For years in my spiritual journey, I would, you know, everyone in my circle and everyone knows how deeply connected I am to Christ and to Mother Mary more than ever today.


I, I, I feel like I can connect to her always. And I think that's just his way to just throwing jabs, just trying to make me look crazy, you know, try to paint a picture of she's crazy. Yeah. It's just, it's, and it's kind of sad. Yeah. During all of this, I think this is something that's very sadly relatable, but you didn't confide in anyone, right? For most of the time. How did you decide not to tell your mom or anyone? My decision was solely based on the fact that I didn't want that to change people's perception of him, because I thought that it, we, we could heal and we can get to a better place.


I didn't wanna say something, and then them like, have so much, you know, information. It's, at the end of the day, it's like, it's almost like gossip, like, you know, gossiping. And I believe, I truly believe that gossiping is poison. And so I thought, you know, this is my marriage and I'm gonna, I'm just gonna keep it to myself because I need to figure it out within myself. When I decided that I wanted a divorce, that's truly when I told my parents and my family, it's like, I wanna get a divorce. And they were very supportive of me. But was it Like eating you alive, holding this on by yourself? Yes. And for a while it was, but I felt at one point I'm like, everybody knows, you know, it's like everybody knows it's, it's, it was like, it started to become so obvious.


I, I do think, which I'm interested to hear your opinion on this, like, I think there was a point where the public was almost shifting to being like so frustrated almost with you because all of these women are coming forward with like, pretty detailed, tangible stories and you guys are posting like a united front, nothing's going on. How do you think, not acknowledging all of it publicly impacted your reputation?


How do you think not acknowledging all of it publicly impacted your reputation? It deeply impacted my reputation. I feel like I was like in a fishbowl and like, I couldn't, like, it's like all these eyes pressing in on me and I'm thinking like, oh my gosh, I don't know. Do I, do I protect or do I say my truth and then my whole life changes? You know what I mean? And it's like, I always thought about my kids first. Like, I need to be a mother to them. I need to mother them, their mother needs to be happy, healthy, laughing, playing. Like, I don't wanna, I don't wanna like have two separate homes right now.


I don't wanna have to figure out what I'm gonna do for a living now because we've been doing this for almost 10 years. You know, we've been doing this for so long. And it was just me trying to just like navigate that with myself. Like, I didn't wanna make these big, impulsive decisions Yeah. Publicly. And I think that's totally fair. I think like I get why people would start to be like, hello. Like, do you know, like, what are you doing? Like, say something or leave or say I'm staying with him. Even though I think I get, there Was moments where I'm like, I'm gonna leave tomorrow. Like I'm gonna do this tomorrow and I'm, I'm just not gonna look back and I'm just gonna go and I'm gonna find a place and you know, it, we won't film and people are gonna wonder what happened to us that like, I had those moments.


Yeah. I had those moments. Yeah. But I think what was the hardest part about all of it was that he would never admit to it. And I thought, well, if you're not admitting it to me, you're not gonna admit it to the world. Right? So that was the hardest part, Right? It's almost like you were in this like gaslighted situation where this person is telling you it's not happening. And even though in your heart, you know, it's happening, you also are presenting as united front to the world. And it's like, am I gonna say it? And then he's gonna deny it, even though the whole world knows it. And I've been, and I'm pregnant and I don't wanna leave. And I have kids, like, it's such a complicated situation and I get with social media, people just judge on the surface. I've done it.


You know what I mean? Another Thing too, Alex Yeah. Is another big thing that I had in the forefront of my mind and now look back and think like, oh my gosh, I shouldn't have been thinking like that. But I felt like if I, like if I broke the family, I'm thinking like, I'm needing to break the family for this, then I'm gonna break everyone's heart. I'm gonna break millions and millions of people who watch us and who see sees us as this powerful power couple, and I'm gonna break everyone's heart because this isn't real. This isn't true. This isn't what people think it is anymore. And I also didn't want people to bash him because I'm like, as much as he hurt me, as much as I feel like I got stabbed in the back, like I can handle that.


But like, can you handle the scrutiny and the, the, all this? It's like, and clearly not because not my book didn't even come out yet. And he, you know, but for a long time that was, that was a huge part of why I didn't wanna speak up because I don't want the father of my children to, to get this like public humiliation. But then over the years I thought, well, he already got it. You know, I need to do what's best for me. Yeah. I can't keep living in a lie. I can't, I can't not address the big elephant in the room. I also will just say, and I'm sure so many people watching right now or feeling this, like, I have so much respect for you even trying to protect him, because I think a lot of people understandably would be like, fuck you, fuck you.


And the fact that you again chose to put your family first and not yourself first, and you really looked at the big picture, like, I think a lot of women, and especially mothers will be able to be like, I think I would do the same thing. Yeah. You talk about a breaking point because I think at some point we're all like the cheating. And when did you know this marriage was completely over and how did you go about telling him? There was a conversation that we had right before he had this big boxing match. He was the, the, it was like, it was like vet and then he was like the main person on the card.


And the night before I felt, I felt like something was about to happen. Mm. I don't know. It was like this, like intuition feeling, like in my gut, I'm like, I don't know, something feels really strange about tomorrow. Like the fight was gonna be the next day. And I, we were in the living room and you know, the lights were down, the kids were sleeping, and I said, I'm not happy. And he's like, why are you, why are you talking about this now? Why, why are you doing this now? I have a fight tomorrow. Like, can't you just be a little bit more sympathetic to, you know? And, and I was like, but I, I had to say it right now. I just, I'm really not happy. Like, I genuinely don't feel good, Austin. Yeah. Like, I don't feel something doesn't feel right. And oh, you know, we can have, we could have had this conversation after and this and that.


And then the next day he got really sick. Right before his fight, he had 103 fever. He was really sick. It didn't, it felt like a message. It didn't feel like he just randomly got sick. No one else got sick. But Austin and I walked into, they were staying at an Airbnb. It was like the whole team, you know, the everybody for the fight. And they were getting ready to get in the sprinter, sprinter van or the bus. And I came in and hair and makeup done. And I'm like, Hey, what's going on? He's like, come, come into the room. He's like, feel my forehead. And I'm like, oh my gosh. Like you're, he's like, I, I'm have 103 fever. It just came a couple hours ago, I don't know. And I'm like, well, what are you gonna do?


I was like, you can't fight. He's like, no, I, I have to like, I can't not, and mind you, we just had this conversation about y yesterday, like this gut feeling, like something doesn't feel right. And like, I feel like what happened that night in the fight was very, it was like a mirror. What's going on in our internal life? Can You explain just if people didn't see the fight? Yeah. So basically he got really sick. I went out into the floor, you know, we're all watching them on the ring. And he got, the first time it got knocked down, I, I thought, oh my God, this is the first time I've ever seen my husband crumble. And my heart stopped and I wanted to scream and cry and yell and just, I hated, I hated that moment.


And then there was a voice, and then he, he got knocked down. It was the second one, and then a third, and then a fourth, and then a fifth. And he just kept standing up. And I kept thinking, oh my gosh, this is who he is. He always stands up when he falls. And there I heard this voice and it was like, it's okay. He's having an ego death. He has to go through this hold space for him. Everything's gonna be okay. And we left the ring, we got in the ambulance. He was completely disoriented. He just kept saying the words, I need water. And I was like, yelling at the paramedics, please get him water. He just, he's thirsty. He's thirsty. He needs water. And they're like, no, it's against protocol. We can't give him water. We have to wait to get him into the hospital and check in and this and that.


And so that happened. And then the next day he was feeling better and had I, I grabbed his hand and I posted a picture of us holding hands and I was so ready to let go the day before. And I was like, telling the world, I'm still here for him. And it was like this moment of like, yes, we are not romantically together in that way, but I still respect him as a father and my children. Hmm. And no matter what, I will always stand by his side. And it was like that kind of energy. So then it was almost like I was okay. Okay. Being in the relationship as a, as a family, as like, I'm here, we're a team.


But it was like, we weren't not a team. You were still lying to me. When did you tell him you wanted a divorce? So we had talked about it a couple times. I never said the words I wanted divorce. I never said that those words ever out loud. We had the last, the last conversation we had had on separating, we actually talked about him, you know, getting another home. And I was getting another home because we were actually planning on leaving the rental we were at. And you know, when you have like really deep conversations about making plans and then they just don't fall through. So it's kind of like that kind of thing and, and then the stress of like life and all the things that it brings, you know?


So that wasn't like, we weren't like, like we weren't trying to get that done quickly, you know, because usually when it comes to an end, you wanna make, you wanna get it done. Yeah. Right. But we hadn't reached that moment of like, it's an urgency. We need to do it right now. When I had that realization that it has to happen right now, I have to stop waiting for the right time because there's never gonna be a right time. The moment is now. And I had that realization when it was on my 33rd birthday. So this is really interesting. My whole life, like ever since I was a kid, I always said 33 is gonna be the biggest year of my life.


And I would say that just like jokingly in my mind. And I thought 33 is gonna be the biggest year of my life. And then I turned 33 and I was talking to my dad and I was like, Hey, I really wanna go to this retreat in Brazil. And he was like, I wanna go with you. And I was like, perfect. Like me, you and Ryan will go to the, this retreat, you know? And I booked my flight on my birthday. And in that moment, you know, Austin and I, it, it was, it was done. We didn't, we just didn't make the, we didn't put the wheels in motion to officially divorce and separate, but it was there and it Was clear. But you knew you were separated? It We were separated. Okay. For sure. Because it was so obvious.


Yeah. It was like, it was in the air, it was like, it, it, we hardly saw each other. We stopped filming. So there was no Like, big moment that you were both like, we're done, let's go our separate ways. Well, there was, because I went on the retreat and then when I came back, I had this massive expansive experience and I got back, I landed to back into la he picked me up, I got in the car and he looked over, he said, oh, how was it? And I was like, good. And in my head I'm thinking like, like he, he, he doesn't understand what I, what, where I just went, what I just did. How like, he doesn't understand.


And I thought, that's okay. We just we're different places vibrationally now. And I was like, if I'm gonna say it, I'm gonna say it right now. I got in the car, I closed the door, how was it? We're driving out, literally driving outta the airport. And I said, I Austin, I need to talk to you. He's like, Hey, yeah, what's up? I was like, it's not a secret that our relationship is done. It, we're both unhappy. You know, I've been unhappy for a long time. I know you've been unhappy for a long time and I want a divorce. And he's driving. Okay. He's like, okay.


I was like, oh my gosh. Alright. Well, I was like, oh my gosh, I'm so happy. I was like, I was like, I, you know, I'm on your team and I love you and I wanna do this right. And, you know, it doesn't have to get ugly. I, I pray I don't want it to get ugly. And, and I said, and, and I said these words, I said, let's discuss an exit plan together as a team. Like let's do it together. He goes, yeah, yeah, we could talk about it. You know? And he, and I was like, he goes, it's funny because my realtor the other day sent me a house that's for rent down the street from, from where we're living now. And I, I thought, oh, okay, cool. He's like, yeah, it's interesting how life works. And I was like, yeah. I was like, have you seen the house? He's like, oh, I'm gonna see it next week. And I'm like, okay, cool.


And then it was just kind of like, okay, like we're gonna do this. Why did you guys never make a video to kind of like, talk about your separation? 'cause that was kind of like your guys' thing. Well, I didn't wanna make a video because if he wasn't telling me the truth without the cameras rolling, he's for sure not gonna tell the truth with the cameras rolling. So I thought, well, I'm not gonna do a video with you side by side if you can't say I cheated on my wife. And, you know, it led us to this path. We're both, we both have made mistakes. I would share my mistakes, you know, like I didn't have good communication, you know, I, you know, I wasn't there for him.


Maybe when he needed me emotionally, you know, and all of these things. And I thought, he can't be honest, so I'm not doing the video. And then he came out and said that you didn't want him to make his own video explaining the breakup from his point of view. And I guess that kind of answers it. 'cause you're like, well, you're not gonna tell the fucking truth. He didn't tell the truth. He said, well, there's things that I regret, but it's like, that could be anything. Right. And then not to mention, so this is the thing about that, and I'm just gonna be completely bluntly honest. Yeah. 'cause at this point just my throat chakras open and I'm just gonna be me. Let's go. When we discussed the divorce, I said, I'd really like to do a joint like statement.


Like, you know, a lot of people, sometimes they do statements, it's just easier, you know? And, and he's like, oh, no, no, I wanna make a video. And I said, well, I don't wanna be in your video, so I don't, I'm not gonna, I'm gonna do, I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna make a statement. He goes, oh, well give me a chance to make a video and I'll show it to you, and then you could tell me if you like it and if you like it, then I'll post. And I thought, I'm gonna give in the benefit of the doubt. I'm actually curious to see what's in that video. Right. I was really curious. So I'm like, make the video. So it took a month for him to actually make it. Okay. And I'm like, okay, here we go. I get to see it. Oh my gosh. Like, I'm so curious what he said. And I was in the room, in the, in the office room and I was watching it and just like, honest, honest to God was watching the video.


And I thought, this is like social suicide. Like, I genuinely feel like this is gonna make him look so bad. And I love Austen no matter what. And I care about him truly. So I'm thinking if he couldn't at least say the truth, because people, like, people love truth. Yeah. People love when people are honest and vulnerable. And he, he wasn't doing that. It was like he was going around the truth. And I, and I looked at him, I said, I don't like the video. I was like, if you post that, go ahead. If you post that, it, it doesn't look, I'm, I'm just gonna be honest because at that point it's like, I wanna help you too. Right. I want you to move on in your life too. I don't want you to be, to have this energy around you.


Right. But People are gonna call you out and be like, you're a li you're lying. Like, this is a big fat lie. Like we know you're skirting around the actual thing. Yeah. So then I said, I don't like it. So he recorded me saying that. Why do you think he recorded you? I mean, I'm just finding this out by, by the way. I just, because You didn't know if he was filming. No, I think it was because he thought, well, w I'm I, this is what I think. I think he was never planning on posting the video. I think he made it so, and, and, and again, I don't know. Right. This is just my speculation. Yeah. I think he made it knowing he wasn't gonna post it, but made it so that, because he knew I wouldn't like it.


'cause he knows me. He, he knows me. He's been living with me. He's married to me for years. I'm mother of his children. Right. And I think he recorded me almost purposely to get those words outta me so that maybe later in the future if he never needed it. Wow. And he, yeah, he, I mean he got it in, in 24 hours. He had it there in his phone. It was almost like ready to go. And when I saw that, I thought, oh my gosh, can other people see this? Or am I the only one who sees like, That's crazy that he's like, secretly recording You. It manipulative it's manipulative and It's illegal. Well, that's what I was told too. And I thought, well, I don't wanna go that route because I mean, we were filming each other and doing pranks and things Yes.


Throughout the day. And then he would say, well, we used to film each other. And then the fans would say, well, you guys were always filming each other. And I thought, oh my gosh, can I, my book just come out. I'm like, I just wanna move on. Truly, One of the biggest conversations online right now is around your ayahuasca use. When did you start taking it? In that really dark period of my life, my marriage was going downhill. I lost my house. My business partners scammed me. Many, many things were happening in our internal lives. Our family or friends, all the things. I just had a baby. I was really in a really dark place. And my brother had been doing this, this very sacred medicine work for many years.


And he would tell me all the time, you know, Catherine one day, like, when you're ready, I'll be here for you. And, and it's a solo journey. It all it took was one night of ceremony really. And I had a full kundalini awakening. I remembered everything. It completely changed my life. So it's a very powerful tool. I think a lot of the conversation online, because of what Austin kind of said on his Snapchat rant is about your kids and wanting to know, have your kids ever been in the home while you're hosting at home ceremonies? No, Absolutely not. That was a lie. I think that because he knows how sacred and how such, how, how, how much has impacted my life.


I think that that was the one that jab that like yeah, I know that means a lot to her. So I'm gonna say this, you know, and, and maybe a couple years ago would've been more hurtful. Now it's more like, oh, you know, just, but, but no, it, it, it's, that's not true. I think that people will throw stones at things they don't understand. Yeah. And I think that's what happened with Austin. Has Anyone ever expressed concern to you over using ayahuasca? No. No. Never. Have you and Austen ever done it together? No. Okay. Can you please explain Austen's allegation that you quote turned him into a mermaid? Oh my God, I love this one. I literally can't believe that just came outta my mouth.


I'm like, I, no. Is that a thing? Okay, tell me. So A couple of years ago, we were always making content. Like Austin has dressed up so many times as a older woman, as a little, like, just funny skits and stuff. So there was, I, when I started my skincare line, I wanted to do a fun mermaid photo shoot. And I thought like, oh my God, this is so cool because I'm, I'm making, I'm making a sunscreen and it took me a couple years to get here and I wanna do something really fun and exciting. And so we went to Hawaii and there was this girl that I reached out to that wears, like, she wears like fins. And she's like, oh, I have so many, like, we'll, we'll do the campaign around the, the mermaid idea. And I thought that was so cool. So I think that's what he is talking about.


But you don't think you're a mermaid? No, I mean, I think that I'm connected to the, the mystics and the, the, you know, just these, these different star seed systems. And I, I'm just very connected and I think that that, you know, I, I like to live authentically and I like to share like my journey, you know, and I'm just, I'm very connected to these things. But I think when people were just making fun of it and he thought, oh, I'm gonna use this just extra, paint her look crazy, you know? And it's like, I think for me it's just funny now, you know, I think maybe, maybe a couple years ago I would've been like, oh my gosh, that's, I hate that, that he said that. But I don't care. There Has been a lot of speculation online about an overlap between your marriage with Austen and your relationship with your new partner, Igor.


What was the timeline there? So I met him on my Brazil retreat. Met in the middle of the Amazon. You know, I'm very honest, just with my journey, like, I think for a long time I was afraid of sharing timelines because I was so in the limelight and on the camera all the time. And it's like the timeline started to kind of scare me a little. Now I own them. Yeah, it's okay. Like, it was over between us and it had been many years of us just not having this emotional, intimate marriage that I thought we were gonna have.


And I'm gonna be honest with you, right before I went on that trip, like the months leading up to that trip, I kept thinking, I have so much baggage when I, when we divorced, 'cause I felt it coming when we officially divorced, nobody's gonna want me. I have three kids. Like, I'm like, I'm, you know, in this space and people are gonna just see me as, you know, ace, family, mom, you know, or whatever. And I thought, you know, who's gonna, who's gonna take me seriously? And, and I don't wanna date. I'm, I don't, I'm, I'm not a dating type of person, you know. And I thought, you know, I'm just gonna be alone forever. And I thought, you know, I'm okay. It's okay. Like, I don't need anyone.


I'm, I feel complete and whole in myself. And I remember saying that to myself. And in that retreat, you know, I, it, it was a four, it was, I was there for 10 days and it was four days of I, of the, the practice. And on the third day just, I'm like, oh my gosh. Like, I don't, I don't have as much baggage as I thought I did. I think it was all in my head. And I really started to sit with myself. And yeah, I met him at that, in that experience, it was a friendship. It was like, never imagined that anything would ever go further, ever in a million years. Like if you would've told me like a year ago, two or a couple years ago that I was gonna meet someone, I thought me, me meeting someone who, what does he look like?


What does he do? Like what, where, what does, how do you speak? Right. And I've never felt so safe in my entire life. F and I feel like I earned it because I spent so many years just being there and just like, just feeling empty and just, and I, but I really had to pour into myself. I really had to do that. How do Austen and Igor feel about each other? I can't speak for Austin because, I don't know. I think, I think like what he's done publicly to kind of just like, he, he got him a shirt on a, on Christmas that says something about stepfather or something.


And I thought, okay, is he doing this for the, for the Snapchat or is he doing this because he actually thinks he's stepfather worth? Yeah. You know, Have you met Austin's new? Yeah. Yeah, I met her, yeah. Okay. I met her about a year ago, I think. Yeah. How do you feel about that? I like her. I think, honestly, I feel like my kids are the best. Like they're the best judge. You know, when they, they'll they'll come and gimme information. Oh, I don't even ask, oh, we just did this with Alexa today. I'm like, oh my gosh. Like, like, did you guys have fun? And like just kind of seeing their like interactions and how they talk about her. Anybody for that? Yeah. Or just anyone.


I get good vibes, you know? Yeah. And I think like, at the end of the day, it's like people meet each other where they're at. So that's them. That's that that is their journey. And I, I don't judge, I don't have any judgment towards that. Okay. Last question. If you could just kind of give like a final statement to the Ace family who's watching and who's been on this journey since your first place where you lived with Austin and when you were pregnant and all the things and they've been here for so long and they felt maybe like we've lost them and things have changed and everything which change is good.


Like what do you wanna leave a lasting message with them today? I would say forgiveness is key. Yeah. Thank you so much for coming on and talking about this. 'cause I know there's so much behind all this and that's why I'm happy I got to sit down with you today. And like I had said earlier, like I am sure at some point I've watched and judged and been like, what's going on? And it's like, so nice to hear you sitting here and like, like talking through why you made the decisions you made as a mother and a woman and someone who really wanted to stand by her husband and you explaining things is so relatable.


Catherine. Like so much of what you said today, I think women are going to relate to, and they shouldn't feel shame over staying. They shouldn't feel shame over whether they got cheated on, then they stayed or they cheated and they left. Like everyone's journey is their journey. But I think when you've, you've talked so beautifully about you did what you could do at the time and it was your best. And now you're also at a place in your life where you never thought you would be. You just said, I never thought I'd find another person. I thought I'd be alone. I thought I had all this baggage and turns out there's another chapter and then there will be another chapter and another chapter. So I'm just so happy that you trusted me with your story and I'm really excited for everyone to read your book. Thank you. Thank you for coming on.