
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by eBay. This is what you do when you have high standards and fancy all the fancy things like a Dior saddlebag or that diamond tennis bracelet. You go to eBay Daddy Yang. Okay. There you are. Gonna find new loves that will never disappoint expertly authenticated. Whether it is that vintage pearl necklace or a brand new ruby earrings, maybe a Prada cross body bag, or classic watches like a Rolex oyster or that Cartier tank on eBay. There are no limits to your high standards. Yeah, eBay, the place for new pre loved, vintage and rare fashion. eBay things people love.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. When you think of taxes, it used to be just getting frustrated by your forms. Right? But now taxes is uploading your forms with a snap and a TurboTax expert will do your taxes for you. Okay? One who's backed by the latest tech, which cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy, all of which makes it easy for you to get The most money back guaranteed. Daddy Gang, get an expert now on TurboTax dot com only available with TurboTax Live full service. See guaranteed details at TurboTax dot com slash guarantees.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement, bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol-free, long-lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora. What is Up, Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy, daddy. Daddy Chase Crawford. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank You for having me, Alex. Yeah, I am so excited to meet you. Okay. You have to tell a little bit of the backstory though.


'cause you were just telling me downstairs that you kind of were a fan and like, I need to hype myself up. I was. Listen, I'm a little bit nervous right now 'cause I'm so excited, Alex. No, I was telling you, I'm like, maybe I should save it for the podcast, but I'm an OG daddy fan. Let's fucking go. I'd be like, you know, I'd be like, welcome my dog. I always listen to podcasts. I was like, who are these? You guys are giving insane advice. And it was amazing 'cause you weren't giving like just this cliche, rote advice to women. And you're like, fuck it. This is how we're seeing. This is what's the guys we're seeing in New York? Yes. Or whatever, right? Yeah. And I lived in New York obviously, so, but, but yeah. But you guys are like, this is how we're seeing it. This is the real stuff we're gonna give, give out. This is how you play it. This is our advice. This is what works for us. And I thought it was the best thing.


I laughed. I thought it was amazing. I would listen to like full, full, like full podcasts. Oh, oh, so you've really First like I was entertained by the whole thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm og I love your new stuff. I love all this stuff. Oh, You were all the way back in like the blow job tips. Like you are really Yeah, yeah, exactly. Exactly. All this stuff. I couldn't turn it off. I'm like, this is amazing. This is great. You're like, you're giving everyone the, like, the information that the world needs. It's the hard hitting facts. I appreciate was hard facts, you sharing that. Yeah. Yeah. Also picturing you like walking your dog being like, that was like the funniest shit in the OG days when it was so graphic that people would be like, my AirPods got disconnected. I'm at work. And it's like, you have to suck the living shit outta, and she's like, Fucking shit. Just connects the Bluetooth. Literally. Yeah.


Literally. Literally. I'd be like walking my dog just very like, thinking very like, wow. Like, oh my God. This is what A Great point. This is awesome. Hey Daddy Gang. Today's episode is sponsored by Patron, a hundred percent additive free tequila. Unlike other tequila brands, patron keeps their tequila simple. Patron believes that the best tequila is made with no additives. And I completely agree. There are no secret sweeteners, no added coloring, no extracts. Just 100% agave tequila, baby. And you know what? Pairs perfectly with patron's, all natural tequila, unwell hydration, baby. So Daddy


Gang, stick around because at the end of this episode, I'm going to be making a gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous cocktail with patron tequila Patron, 100% additive free tequila. To learn more, visit www.patrontequila.com. When it comes to beauty and fragrance, I am all about the fearless unapologetic vibes. And that is exactly what you get in YS L's, newest fragrance Lieb Lnu li Lnu is a citrus floral masterpiece, alcohol free and completely liberating. It's a fragrance that makes a statement the moment you wear it. I love how it feels fresh light, yet still bold. It is the perfect balance of feminine and daring, and it's got this incredible staying power and leaves my skin feeling radiant and glowing. It really is the perfect balance of citrus and florals. It's so fresh and sexy. If you are ready to experience something new, trust me. Daddy Yang Lieb lnu. A refreshing twist on the iconic Lieb Oda parum. I personally have this fragrance, and I will say my favorite thing, although yes, I love my husband thinking I smell good. There is nothing better when women or your girlfriends compliment you. And every single time I've worn this fragrance, my girlfriends are like, no, what are you wearing? Give it to me right now. That smells so freaking good. And Matt is obsessed with it. I'm always looking for something that has a fresh citrus floral scent. But it needs to still be that perfect balance of not overpowering, but still bold. And this has exactly that. So Daddy Gang, if you wanna try it out, shop now at Sephora.


I'm really interested because every time I meet people I have no idea what to expect. Right. Like with you, I was interested to know like, is he gonna be extroverted? Is he gonna be introverted? Like would you say in your life you're an extroverted person? I'm weird. I'm weird. I am. I'm, I'm, I'm both okay. I know it's like a lame answer, but like No, It's, it's a normal Answer. I'm very much like, I, I'm, I compartmentalize things I can really like go out and like let loose and I'm very social and I can be loud and have fun. Yeah. But I like my alone time, you know? I like, I like my own bed and like, I'm sort of a closet reader and a nerd. And like my dog. I like, I like my alone time. So Yeah. What kind of Dog do you have? He's like our little rescue. He is like a little, they lied to us at the rescue place. It was like, I share him with an ex-girlfriend actually.


So, yeah. But You're one of those, I'm one of those, I'm one of those. I'm gonna chase him. Judging you so hard. I know. I Oh my God Know. Oh my God. It's all about, it's all about him though. It's all about the dog. No, that's fucking bullshit. Wait, that's like a full problem when you meet someone new. I know. And you have to be like, this is like our child. I know. It's not even, I mean, she's got a fiance. It's not even like, I know, I don't think it's a weird thing at all. People think it's the funniest thing. I'm like, it actually is the only way to have a dog, in fact, a cast. No, no. I mean, a cast member recently. She, she wanted a dog. I'm like, you wanna get a dog together? I, I know how this goes. That is actually mentally insane. It's insane. So you have to see her constantly. We, you know, not as often as you think. She, she does have a key to my house. And so a lot of times, times getting worse. I know.


It's getting where, listen, it's not that big of a deal. A lot of times I'll just, like, I flew out last week to go work in Toronto. I'm like, Hey, Shiner's name's Shiner Shiner after a Texas beer. Very stupid. I'm like, Shiner's in the house. Just go in there and take him. And she just goes and picks him up. I'm not even there. But sometimes yeah, we're still like friends and cordial. It's great. So You're imagine you're like in there on a date with the dog and she comes to pick it up and has the key, like you de you have to describe that to new women. Like, listen, it's nothing other than just for the dog's happiness. Like, we share her. Right, right. I get, I, I'd never let that happen. I guess I drop him off sometimes. She lives close by me and, and good to and Whatnot. So know. What if a girl said like, I can't do this unless you guys give up the dog. Oh, these girl's gone.


I got, I mean, this dog takes precedent. I think I might love that dog more than my future child. Chase. Oh My God. I mean, I'm not even kidding. I'll, I'll die for that dog. I'm a Dog mom too. That's, that's how it happens. They gets you like that. They really can. I get it. I get it. How would your friends describe you to, like, someone that they wanted to set you up with? Like, how are your friends describing you? Ooh, I don't know. That's a very good question. Outgoing, funny. Hopefully, you know, I can, I, I'd like to think I can cook a little bit. Oh. But if they were being honest, I don't know. Maybe, maybe, you know, he's a bad texter. Maybe I'm not that I'm being honest, I'm not that great. You know, sometimes I think that's a good sign though.


Right. I think if you treat a woman really well in person, and then sometimes you're not a bad texter, but you're open about it. Right. Like, that's okay. Like Matt, my partner is like, my husband is like, yes. Yeah. Not, he's not a good texter at all. In the beginning days I was like, does he fucking hate me? Yeah, totally. Totally. But now I know, I like, appreciate that he's not on his phone. Twenty four seven being one of those freaks. Like, are you on your phone though? Twenty four seven? That's not, you're just not Texting back? Not, I'm, I'm not, no, no. I like to leave it, it's always on vibrate. I like to, I don't like to be always attached to it. Okay. And so that's good. But then I'll overthink. I have a little anxiety. I'm like, I don't know what to do. So sometimes I like for, I literally forget to like form a response. You know, I'm, I gotta get back to that, so I'll forget about it. And it's terrible.


And I'm just, that's kind of how I am. I'm a little scattered with the texting. But Do you think that's your biggest red flag? Like you're just a bad texter? What else? What's, What's another red flag? I'd like to think I got green flags. No, I got, let me think. You know, my ex is maybe in my twenties might say I'm bad at comm communicating. So that kind of ties in. Okay. But I've learned, I've learned You've gotten better. Yeah. You've gotten better. I'm my late, late thirties now. Okay. I've gotten better. Okay. So I'm more vulnerable. I'm good. Yeah. We love a vulnerable man that can like tap into his emotions and his feelings. Totally. What are you doing on a Saturday night with your friends? Oh, That's a good question. Usually, what did I do last weekend? Like, like my buddy, like this next Saturday, he does like six.


He does these big like lunches at Angelina and Venice. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Fun. We all bring a bottle of wine. Oh. And it, but it's like six hours. So, and he pre prefaced it with that. And I was like, I dunno if I'm gonna make it six hours. Jesus crazy. And it went by like that. So we do this, we do these little like lunches with random different people. He's kind of in the food industry, a chefs. So we kind of like have these interesting Are You getting like annoyed when you're out? Like, are you getting noticed all the time everywhere you go? No. No. It depends. I'm not like, you know, I'm not like DiCaprio level where it's like this thing, I kind of have a nice pocket where it's, it's fun to get recognized for the Gossip Girl thing still. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Which has like, still been this like three different waves of Netflix. I don't know how it keeps, keeps coming around, but it's the same age. You know, female is always like, so excited.


So it's, so I do get it sometimes in more touristy spots. Right. Like Venice or in New York or somewhere kind of. There's fun. There's more people from all over the place. Yeah. It's good. But it's fun that you have like a good attitude about it. 'cause I can imagine, like I've, I've talked to people before on my show about like, people that are, have done so much in their career, but there's this one thing that people are like, we just can't get past it. Like, for you it's Gossip Girl for like other Oh my God. For other people it's like the oc like, I know you've took talking like Rachel Bilson, like Totally. Yeah. It's like she's done so much in her career, but there's the one thing that people are like, can we just talk about this for 19 hours? And it's like, you can either just be positive about it or like fucking hate it, but like, it's totally what made you super famous. Right. And it's kind of fun for all of us to like indulge a little bit.


I mean, when you're young in your twenties, it's like, I'm like, you, you try, everything's so precious that I wanna be like Marlon Brando. Yes. Like I was so annoyed by Gossip Girl. Right. And like, even the name I like hate it, dude. It's like, it's the, it's great. It's the greatest thing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's like's this weird cultural thing of the zeitgeist of that time to like pre-Instagram, pre all these things. Like the first iPhone had just come out. Like, it was such a weird, amazing time in New York. It's fucking amazing. When were you In New York? Were you In New York? I was in New York. Right. I am a li like a little younger. So I was like, yeah, I, New York for me was just as crazy. But like I had my fucking iPhone and it wasn't as fun. Like, I remember college more when I was watching Gossip Girl and like high school. I was like obsessed with it because I grew up on the east coast.


Yeah. I like knew the nature of New York City Totally. But I was not, I didn't come from like a wealthy family. So like Right. The con I was like, with the fucking Humphreys, I would've been down in like, I Mean, even the Humphreys were in this like, loft space. Its like a $20 million. Like that's all bs. Like, that's like, that's what I was like, I can't afford shit. No one. Like what the fuck? My first apartment in New York City was quite literally a shoebox. And I'm like, yeah, it's not looking so glamorous. Yeah. But you still go out and you can still go to the similar places. That's what I love about New York is like, yeah, you can go to where DiCaprio is or whoever the fuck. And New York is cool like that where LA's a little bit more snooty where it's like, you can't get in here. Where in New York it's like, anyone can get in anywhere and They'll treat me like, like it's, it's kind of nice 'cause everyone is like way too cool for school in, in Los Angeles and they don't give a shit about anything at at all, at all.


They won't even like look at me like at the thing. I'm okay listen. Like, I mean, get Lakers tickets to Save My Life. Everyone wants to, but the Knicks, they would always gimme Knicks tickets and Rangers baby. So yeah, that was it. That's fucking amazing. Okay. Shout out to them. We're gonna talk a little bit more obviously about Gossip Girl at some point. But I do wanna talk to you about your childhood because Okay. Obviously you're this, like, you became, this heartthrob your life changed I think around like 22 ish was Gossip Girl. Yeah. 21, 22. You're right. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So like before that, like, how would you describe your childhood? It was interesting. I was born in Lubbock, small town, Texas. Not much going out there. I kind of woke up. I was in Oklahoma City first memories. So random parents are from there.


Dad's from there. My parents met there at a small, very small like religious college there. So Oklahoma City. Very, and listen, my parents had me when they were like 20 and 21. So that's, you know, a very, very southern thing. Yeah. I mean they were still growing up as we were. I can't imagine having like a 15-year-old right now. No. So, so they were young. My dad was in med school. What, what happened? We moved to Minnesota for four years for his med school. And then we moved back to Texas when I was like nine or 10 years old in Dallas. I'm from Dallas, like north, north Dallas, a little bit suburbia, a little bit out there in the sticks, but more suburbia, you know. Yeah. Were You raised religious? Yeah. Yeah. Basically. Same. Yeah. Were you?


Oh My God. It was, it was tough. 'cause obviously I can't imagine being from the south and being raised religious. Like Yeah, I was raised Catholic every single Sunday going to church and I was from Pennsylvania. Yeah. So it wasn't like, probably as intense maybe as like adding on the south. Right. But it was just confusing because I always felt more like pulled to the arts and like pulled to these things that just like weren't as traditional. Me too. Right? Yes. And so you just kind of feel like a fucking weirdo and you feel like art naturally like pushes the boundaries on conversations. Right. And when you're raised religious, it's a little bit like, what are you doing here? Like, you're like coloring outside the lines. And if you were raised in Los Angeles, it's like, go sweetie, you're doing great.


So it's like, it's just a matter of where you were raised. Like, was it hard for you with like, when did you know you wanted to get into the arts? I was, I was like an artistic kid actually. Okay. I was always drawing and stuff. I, I had, I never wanted to be an actor. I had no idea about acting or any of it. I know. It's like that shitty story that's like no one wants to hear, I'd like know. No, That's good. That's Good. Yeah. Yeah. I like, I was very naive about, about the acting thing. I just, yeah. When there was like this, like this like secular world that's like, you know, even I was sort of a bit policed on what music I was listening to and, you know, all these other things, it kind of makes you feel just claustrophobic in a way. Right. Yeah. I remember like always really wanting to just travel or just get out of the bubble and meet new people and, and go out and, and do that.


But I was a pretty good drawer and like charcoal and like a little bit of painting when I was like, you know, like middle school, I started kind of, I'm not grabbing, like I was good for like a sixth grader likes over here. Good for like a kid. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Good for like a hundred kids in my grade. Okay. I was like the best artist at like a hundred kids in Dallas. Right, right, right. No, no. But, but so my parents did kind of like foster that a little bit. They let me, you know, I went into like photography classes and those are my favorite, favorite stuff. So. Yeah. Did you ever have an awkward phase? Oh yeah, totally. Oh my gosh. You, I, I should have. Yeah. I wish I had a picture of me in like sixth grade with the Abercrombie and the Puka and like, oh, I'm talking full highlight cap, like my mom highlighting my hair through the noodle cap. But Wasn't that like low key hot at the time?


Yeah. I, I thought, I mean, we all thought, so the PCA shell was like, if, if a guy was wearing a puca shell, I'm like, you were the fucking shit. Like you had confidence. Wait, why were you awkward? I, I just was awkward. I wasn't good at talking to girls. I had no idea. Like, you know, you think, you think like one plus one equals to, at that time you like a girl, they're supposed to like you back. And when the first girl did not like me back at all, I was like, oh shit. Like, I was like, okay. I guess I didn't even really come into my personality until like, middle of high school. I would, I Would think. Right. Yeah. I think that's kind of normal though. I feel like boys either are just like so outgoing and loud and like, kind of annoying as shit. Right. Or there's like the little artsy guys that like blossom eventually. Like you I was, I was a little bit more in that day.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Like, What were your friends like? So I had some good friends. I, I, they were kind of geeky, you know, outdoorsy, you know. Yeah. Like go-karts and bikes and Oh. And like, just little like out, you know, outside doing, you know, sports was, sports is a big like, you know, Texas thing. So like everyone, it's gotten even worse. Like every weekend is like, it's insane sports for kids and it's just this Whole thing. And you didn't play football? I did, but not, like, not like Friday night Lights football. It wasn't like, the Panthers wasn't likes, Weren't Tim Riggins. I love kids. He's a, he's a buddy. But, you know, I, I, I actually, I actually auditioned for that, for that show. And didn't, didn't get the C quarterback. No. And I was devastated at the time. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God.


And you must have been like wanting that too, because being from Texas, that kind of went like a full circle fun moment. No. Oh, devastated. Yeah. I was like, oh my God, that's so bad. But, but it didn't, it didn't work out. But, so you Didn't get it in real life and you didn't get an acting No. Yeah, yeah. Scarred forever. Yeah. Yeah. I was definitely not, my dad was like, you're not, you're not gonna, you're probably not gonna go over six foot, so let's No. He was like, let's maybe stick to golf and something easy. Yeah. Yeah. Golf. Yeah. Tell me about golf. Because I'm gonna be honest, when I think back to high school and I think about the guys, I'm, I'm not, you know, I'm not gravitating toward the golf first. However, I feel like they figured, no, listen. Now in hindsight, if I have a son went and be like, get your fucking ass into golf.


Right. Right. Those are the guys that like, get the scholarships and are smart and have their life figured out and just like, look put together where like, the meat heads, like, God bless 'em. But like, where are they today? You I know, I mean, you can keep, you can keep playing golf Dutch your life. And I'm not even like, I feel like I, it seems like I play in these little charity things that they invite me to and like, so I, yeah. So I'm like, but I'm not that big of a golfer I played growing up. 'cause there was, 'cause I just wasn't gonna be big enough for football. So that was sort of the, the impetus there. But Can you imagine if you had gotten Friday Night Lights that Is d It would've been totally different. And then, 'cause the next year I got, I got the Gossip Girl thing, it would've been totally, totally. Oh my God. Totally different. Either like, you playing football or you being like, trust fund Mr. Schwab in New York City.


Yeah. Yeah. Very different. I feel like that fit you well, not that you couldn't done football. Okay. I want you to know I would've accepted that role too. But I think it was meant to be Right. It was meant to be. Right, right, right. Okay. Wait, so you got denied by a girl. Did you ever go to prom? I did go to prom. Yeah. Yeah. How Did you do a prom proposal? Come on. Oh, I got, I actually ended up going, I, one of my best friends in high school was this girl, Alyssa, Alyssa, Weldon lover Shout. We called her Whoopie Shout out love. So we used to like, go to prom together just because I had, I think I had a girlfriend from a different That's right. I had a girlfriend from a different school. Oh. And there was like a thing where the girls didn't want you. It was just like, if you, you can't bring a girlfriend m School. So I wanna bring my friend Whoopi. And we whoopi tore it up. Me and whoop tore it up.


Yeah. She Was Great for you. So that was it. Do You remember the first time you drank? Yeah, I do actually. I do. Tell us a story. It was come on back of a Honda Prius. No. Mike's Hard Lemonade. Or No, it was a sh it was a, no, it was a grab bag thing. It was Mike's Hard Lemonade and sh and Smirnoff. Let's say Smirnoff. Smirnoff or Sima or something like that. Oh. But it was Mike's Hard Lemonade and Smirnoff. I think I had one of each. Whoa. But it was one of those things where you're like, you, you don't know if you're drunk and you don't know how to act. You, you act drunker than you are. I think I, I think I'm feeling, I'm feeling great. Like, you like try and, and like, dude, it's just water. We like, we, we, we fucked with you. It's just water. But you're not even like fucking tipsy, but you're like, no. Yeah guys, things are really starting to feel different and Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. It's, nothing is different. We're just driving and it's like moving a little bit. Okay. It's on the fuck down. Exactly. Wow. Okay. So like, you had like an okay experience. 'cause I feel like to say that you had that for your first drink. Like, I was like going into my parents' liquor cabinet and like grabbing like a disgusting brandy and like holding my nose and like vomiting back into the bottle and just trying to get like a couple sip. You had a nice little mics. No, No. I had a bad moment with vanilla. It was, I think it was vanilla coke or vanilla sky. It was like vanilla something vanilla flavored. That'll it ruined it forever. That'll Do it. That'll do it. So That's Your drink. Don't know. I'm like, that was my bad moment. It was like coke and some vanilla. Like vanilla coke is something mixed with vodka. Bad nights. You can never now not drink that and think of that. Right. No, And it was great. 'cause then I just kind of would like, I switch to beer as you want.


One dozen Texas, you switch to some beer. So Abercrombie and Fitch. What the fuck? What the fuck you like, I was so awkward. I You were an Abercrombie and Fitch boy. No, I worked there. I I worked behind the counter. I was like doing the numbers. I was, you Still had to be hot. You still had to be hot and cool. Like you still had to have a thing On. I think I lied about my age too. 'cause they like, I thought it was like cool to be picked. Like, what were, would you work here? I was like, yeah, maybe sh maybe like, yeah, gimme an application. And I was like, lied on the application. How, okay. To all the Gen Z people that are listening that may have like no idea about the two thousands Abercrombie craze, can you just describe what it was like to work there? You have no idea.


First of all. Okay. You get to the mall, you walk in, you can smell that store from any, any entrance point in the mall. Right. Woods cologne, never. I can smell it and I can taste it right now thinking about it. The wood, it's kind of disgusting. They Probably still have it. God. Yep. And then as I'm getting closer, I can hear the same fucking mix that they've been playing on repeat for 48 hours. I can like know this song. And now I probably love every song on there. But like, it's the same thing. You get in there. There's like greeters standing there sometimes shirtless back in the day. I mean, you were never one of those. I was never one of those. They tried to actually, I had enough at least self dignity, like respect by, they were like, I'm a math guy. Like, put me behind the register.


So, and I actually, time went by way faster. I was not a greeter, but you get there, they're like, you might be, you introduced by some shirtless guys. And then, and there's all these photographs. He's like, those Bruce Weber black and white photographs. You know, those were kind of the iconic thing that made it so, yeah. At the time that was very like racy and like Sexually, you know, it was you because we got like a little bit of penis lines going wi on like the boys side. And like the girl side was like these abs that I was like, I literally don't even have tits right now. Like Oh my gosh. And they're like 25 years old. Right. Completely. Completely. They're not like high school kids. And the smell, I was thinking about it though, I'm like, Hollister was 10 times worse because you had to walk in there with a flashlight. They turned it all the lights off and it was like a mad house.


Like, and you're literally like grabbing clothes. Awful. And you're just checking out. Awful. It was awful. Awful. Yeah. It was terrible. Yeah. I worked at both, I worked at Hollister too for a summer. It was what? Terrible. It was awful. It was awful. Chase, You had, you are like that guy. Yeah. The guy that just like worked at Abercrombie and Hollister. Yeah, I know. It was, I kind of love it though. Yeah. It was cool back then. It's embarrassing. It was, it was cool. Yeah, it was cool. It's not, it's not embarrassing. It's, it's tell myself it's cool. It's tell myself because back at the, in the day, like, I feel like half the time I would walk in that store and that was like maybe my sexual awakening being like, whoa. Like these boys are like so gorgeous. Again, like you said, 25-year-old men. Right. And it was, I think it was like a whole experience that back in the day, like that was the coolest thing going.


Now we don't even have malls anymore. No, there's no malls. The Bev center is great. It's empty, it's com it's like kind of nice. You can walk my dog. It's kind of nice in there. It is a ghost town. So, Okay, we're talking about Gossip Girl again. Yes. Okay. Okay. The audition process. I think it's fascinating to think about like, you obviously don't get Friday night lights and then you go for this. Like, what does that even entail? Like how long was it? Did you even know what the show really was gonna be like? No, I had no idea. I mean, I like a lot of kids watch, I watched, I grew up in the OC in high school and into my college. The best show in my college year was the best show. Loved it. But it was weird. I I, I went in there, it was like a process of like a six, six hoops to jump through.


It was actually kind of a wild process. But I knew that Josh and Stephanie did the oc they're phenomenal. And I knew it could have had this potential to be cool. And I'm like, oh, they're pro definitely gonna change the name. That name's never gonna stick. You know, it's based on these books, whatever. But I went in and then right away, if I remember correctly, I wore like my most new Yorky jacket possible. Like my preppiest, you know, whatever. I'm obsessed. And, but at the same time I was a little bit like, again, I'm like younger. I was a little like eye roll. Like this is kind of not beneath me, but I want, like, I wanted Friday night lights. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So I'm like, I kind of went in there with like a, like a very kind of blase like whatever, which probably worked in my favor as those things kind of do. But, but they, they wanted to do like a test, you know, thing right away.


Which I thought, great, there's gonna be like one more, one more audition or whatever. But then it was like back with producers and then like producers and director. And then it was like, it's different. It's all different now. Yeah. Now you now it's all self tapes and you just kind of put yourself out there. Right. You know. But, but back then it was like, it was cw so it was CBS and Warner Brothers. So you had to go to like the top of like the Warner Brothers building. And I remember one of the final, maybe fourth or fifth time, so I like walked into this big, like 40 row conference room, you know. And I think I had tested with a few actresses, a few girls for like Blair or whatever. And I remember thinking like, I'm like, God, that's a really great part. Like she's got some great chunks of dialogue.


It's like funny. And, you know, no, no offense. They, they didn't really, I was like, that's, I just don't really see it with these girls. And I got this big conference room and there was just this one girl kind of sitting with her back turned, I walked all the around. I was like, hi, nice to meet you. And it was like late and turned around. And before she even said, I'm like, that's, she's like so perfect. She was like, hi, nice to meet you. I was like, that's the girl. So we both were like super nervous and we had to like, go in and test. It's silly. It was like a theater seating, dark room, one stool, like lights. And it was like, you go and it's like the silliest scenes ever, you're doing like in front of like all these people. Right. I'm like talking about like Nathaniel's, Paxil and all this stupid stuff. Oh. And so anyway, so I, I did that.


I, I was like, I don't know if it went well. And I guess I got the call to, I got it. So That is, I love also how you just like knew Leighton also. She was so fucking perfect for that part. Like no one else could have done it. She Had the headband on the audition. She flipped around. I'm like, and I think I'm in love with you. You literally, Literally you're like, I love you. And then America was like, I love you too. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Did you always know you were going in for Nate? Yeah, always for Nate? Yeah. Okay. I think they, they switched around some of the roles kind of like to play. I remember going in and reading with Blake and a few other guys. They were trying to fit the pen to the Dan role. So yeah, I think it's just so fascinating. 'cause I've heard some people go in for someone and they get switched. But like, when I think of Nate, your character like, had a very different upbringing than like what you were used to.


Right? Like when you first started filming, could you relate to anything about this person? No. Like nothing? No. Absolutely nothing. I had no idea. I didn't really know any Northeastern people. I had no idea. Like the whole thing. I was, it was all new to me. Did you Have an Love of money? I had a, I had a, like a subtle, I kind of lost it in California when I went to college for like four years. But like I get drunk. I I have a little accent. Yeah. Yeah. But, but I had, I did think about that though. I'm like, how do these, you know, what is that New York thing? You know, what is that preppy thing? But Because you went to Pepperdine for one year? I Did. Yeah. For about a year and a half. Yeah, exactly. Did your Family think you were losing your mind that you dropped out? Kind of. I mean they, like, I, I, I kind of freaked out. I didn't know what I wanted to do. Yeah.


Like with my life, I kind of had a freak out moment and just, they were supportive. I graduated high school a bit younger. I was like 17. So they were like, take a year off, like do whatever. And of course I found this acting class. I'm like, I wanna be an actor. So, you know, but they, they were somehow supportive. They shockingly, 'cause I didn't think they would be, you know? Right. My dad being a doctor and whatnot. So I was gonna say, 'cause I remember Pepperdine when I was picking schools, I remember looking it up 'cause I was like so fascinated with California. And I look up Pepperdine, I'm like, this looks like The most magical place on earth. Yeah. And then I was reading and my mom was like, sweetie, you can't drink if you go to the school, why am I bringing that up to you? I don't know. But I Just didn't know that by the way, till I got there. What, I didn't know how strict it was. We got there, I'm like, guess I'm joining a fraternity.


Which I didn't necessarily want to do. But Yeah, that is like notoriously one of the strictest schools. Like you can't drink. Oh yeah. You can't have co-ed past Like 11:00 PM you can't have any curl in your room. Vice versa. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Did you do anything that like broke the rules your freshman year? Oh Yeah, we did. Yeah. Oh, quite a bit Somehow. Yeah. We get, we could've gotten in a lot of trouble actually. I think we like skinny dipped in like the president's like pool or something crazy while he was not there. Like something crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So You had a good time. Could tell him the story. I Love it. We had a good time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If they're not gonna invite you back, no they'll Fill it. That was a one time thing. But it was like, we kind of like found, like I met some really, actually three of my best friends, they ended up all being from Texas and they were like from Austin and, and one was from like Amarillo, Texas.


And somehow we became like Oh that's amazing. Instant good friends. Yeah. Yeah. So it's So fascinating to think about you in college doing one year and then dropping out and going to Gossip Girl. Do you think that like anyone in your hometown was surprised to see that success? Or was everyone like, oh it's Chase Guaranteed. They were so all, everyone was probably super left field surprised. Really? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They had no clue you'd be doing that. No, I never wanted to be an actor and I also wasn't that guy. I wasn't like Johnny like, you know, heartthrob on the TV show. I just wasn't, you know? Right. I mean I was a late bloomer by the time I was 21. I kind of started to come come more into my own. Right. And have con you know, real confidence. Confidence. But did you have like random people reach out?


I feel like all those people start kind of like crawling, you Know? It does happen. Yeah. I mean like, you probably speak to that like Yeah it is like, it's weird. Like certain things happen, people act weird around that kind of stuff. So You're like, wait a second, we did go to high school together and you never talked to me. Why are you texting me? Yeah. How do you actually have my number? Yeah, there was that a little bit actually. Isn't That Weird? Yeah. Yeah. It was weird. It was weird. Yeah. When did it get like really big? After season one? It kind of just popped right? I remember The fall of 2000, like seven. Like right when it started airing it became big, insane. Like right away. Yeah. It was really insane. Do you have a moment that you remember that you were like, oh my God, my life has like forever changed?


Oh, I don't really, I guess there wasn't that one moment. There was me and Ed, me and Ed Westwick who played Chuck on the show. Yes. You know, he was like an 18-year-old kid from like outside of London. He thought he was like, Pete, Pete Doherty. Right. Love, Obsessed. And we, I'm from Texas. Like I was just in college. I didn't know how expensive New York is. It was insane. I'm like my, my dad had to like give us the like security deposit in first month and last month's rent until we got a first paycheck. It was like hilarious. So I'm like, I'm like, ed, you wanna like room together? And like, this is crazy. Like this rinse I'm looking at this is, he's like, oh yeah, sure man. You know, he had no idea. And I, and we had, and like first summer we like moving in July like probably just turned 21 or 22.


And we were like at the summer series in Central Park. I dunno if you remember any of that, but they had like big concerts out there and it was like the black keys, Arctic Monkeys. I might be dating myself. But it was awesome. It was awesome. Sun's out beers and the show hadn't even come out. We'd shot the pilot, we just moved there and we were having a blast. Just him and I just exploring the city. And these girls did come up to us and it was kind of freaked us out a little bit 'cause we didn't know. And Right. He kinda looked at me, he was like, I think we're fucked, mate. He's like, show hasn't even come out yet man. He is like this whole thing. And that was that, that moment is pretty crystallized in my mind. 'cause it was all like, the black keys were playing. It was just like a prank. But You're just being like, normal dudes like sitting, chilling and then it's like, hello.


That Was the very first time I think anyone ever asked for any type of picture. Wow. So that was that. I do remember that as being like a defining like, oh, interesting. That's a weird feeling As it like really started to pop off. Like how did you initially handle that? Like fame and attention? Not, well actually, not well it kind of made me paranoid to be honest. Really slightly. I don't wanna say it was like this terrible thing. It was, no, but I think it was fun. It was fun. But like you said, people come outta the woodwork. Like think people start acting weird around fame and you start realizing all these things that you can only realize from that sea. Yeah. But I mean, I don't wanna act like it was this thing. It it was, we had a blast. For me it was all about having fun. Like I had so much fun. But it was, you just are always kind of like, you can't, like, you kind of aren't present all the time.


Like at a, you kind of just kind of like wary about people or phones like a little, little bit. Yeah. Like not, you know, I think that's okay to say. Like, and I get what you're saying, like that doesn't mean you're not so grateful for everything that came Right. But it's like a very odd experience as a human being to be like, oh, all those people are staring at me right now and watching me and they know who I am. And I have no idea who these people are. It's, They think they know you, right? Yes. Yes. And you're like, I'm not Nate Archibald as much as you want me to be. I am not. My name's Chase. I'm from Texas. Like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And New York's interesting because it's like all, you get all these influx of people in tourists and you're not only, you're, you're that character in that city. So it's like Mickey Mouse and Disneyland, they all wanna see like, take a photo with like Mickey's, you feel like they just come up and hug you and it's like you're in this costume.


Wait, it Just kind of funny. Wait, that's so weird. Can we talk about that for a minute? Yeah. Because I didn't even think about that. Most shows that are like even movies, if they're like set in New York, spoiler, they're not fucking shot in New York. Most of them are shot in Canada. Toronto In Toronto. Yeah. Yeah. And you guys actually were living, breathing, filming, shooting in New York City. Yeah, the show was set in New York City. So like you're walking then to get breakfast and you're not working, but you're like walking wherever you're walking and someone sees you like, were people calling you Nate on the street All the time? That was it. That was, oh my god. It was always the character's name. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was crazy. And also fun. But like it was, it blurs the lines a lot, you know? And and fuck, it was just weird.


It was like a really weird, like if we were shooting exactly in Toronto, it's a different thing, right? But people are visiting New York and it was its own character in the show, you know? And people are like, you know, fans of the show and when they see you actually in that environment, it's like this whole, like their mind is blown. You know? So it was a doubly interesting thing. Those people. And it's also weird to be in New York City as you like, I think it's interesting 'cause I had just asked you at the beginning of this like, oh, could you relate to anything? You're from Texas, this character. And you're like, no. And then all of a sudden you went from not being able to relate to anything about this character, to like, you almost were becoming a part of this character was getting, It was through meta. Yeah. It was weird like that, right? Yeah. Yeah. You're Like, I live in New York City, I am getting paparazzi, people wanna know who I'm dating.


And so I started off being like, I can't relate to this fucking kid at all. And now it's like, Yeah. Yeah. And I think it was like, like Perez Hilton or whatever the gossip girly thing was at that time was really, I always thought it was like funny stuff, but it was the same thing happening, you know what I mean? And, and I thought I wouldn't even like New York I visited in like high school. Yeah. And of course we went to all the tourist, the awful spots. Awful. And I was there for a month. I'm like, oh God, I love this place. Fucking love it. I fucking love this Place. But that's the thing about New York, don't you feel like when you visit New York, it's so overwhelming. You get sent to the Toury spots where you're like Times Square and it's like all the places that if you live there, you would never go. Right? Then when you live there, you like find the pockets and you're like, this is the best place pockets, this is the best place ever.


Yeah. We kinda had the keys to the city and it's like your twenties in New York as you know, it is just, there's nothing better. Yes. So it was like, it was so great. So you're friends with Ed, you guys live together. Like I'm obsessed that you guys were roommates. I didn't know that until I was like doing research for this where I'm like, I didn't even guys fucking live together. That's epic. What was Ed's best and worst quality as a roommate? Oh God,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay. So I went on a trip with all of my girlfriends to Vermont where my best friend was getting married. And we were all gonna figure out like, well where do we wanna stay? And oh, this place is too far away and if you stay there I won't really get ready with you. And then we decided on an Airbnb and it was the best decision of the weekend because we got this house. All of us stayed there. Matt came, my friends came, my friend brought her boyfriend. And we all were able to feel like we were almost back in college where we were all in one space. We all got to make our coffee together, we got to eat breakfast together, we got to go on walks together. We got to have late night conversations after we went to the rehearsal dinner and the weddings. And it was just the best time because I feel like if you don't stay in an Airbnb, you're not gonna be as close. You're not gonna have those late night conversations. And we as girls, you know, how much goes into those late night conversations. We also had a pool table, which was so fun. The guys ended up playing while the girls were having wine in the living room in front of the fire. Just talking about all the things about life and dating and relationships. You know, a wedding makes you emotional. I told Matt in 2025, my goal is to stay in more Airbnbs wherever we go. If we're exploring a new city culture, learning a new language, traveling, wherever it be, Airbnb is where it's at. So you can really be fully, fully invested in your time and experience all the things that come with that environment. Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only the new city but a new space in the city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are, as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at a local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants, Daddy Gang. And if you wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where guest favorites might inspire you and may create a new tradition for you. So Daddy Gang, as you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay. Because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. Want a big kitchen, a gym somewhere you can bring your dog. It's my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons. I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay, so kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


What was Ed's best and worst quality as a roommate? Oh God, he had a lot of bad ones. Lemme tell you that much. We lived in this little apartment, I think it was like a, they call it like a junior one where there was like the, like a real bedroom, right? And then there was like an office you could put in a closed wall. And I was like, we'll just switch like, and I'll pay a little bit more. Of course we never switch and I'm glad we did. 'cause Ed's room was like, you know, it, it was like a lunch pail with like overflowing cigarettes and like, I mean you thought like the joker lived there. It was insane. I'm not even kidding. I should be calling him out like this. But I love, I love it. Death. I love it, I love It. But he's eight 19, I'm 21, like, you know, and, and he was just messy.


I'm a little ooc. I, I mean I'm not ocd, but I'm like a little bit on that side of like, I need things put in the right places and stuff. So, Oh, so him, he's literally like an ashtray walking around, you're like cleanup, cleanup, cleanup. He's just Like shoving the stuff in his room, shoving the door and like, and then it was like, and he's, you know, at the time like ripping SIGs and I was like, stop that. You know? So that was probably, I didn't like the cigs, but we had an absolute blast in that place. We had like a roof dot roof deck. Yeah, we have to go down the elevator and to the thing. But no one was ever up there on like 26th and 10th or 11th and, and 26th And 10th. What is that like? It was just like a little, It's not Midtown Built Chelsea, I guess technically Chelsea. Chelsea, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But was kind of close to the water. I had the, like this amazing view on this roof deck and we just called it roof deck and he would like invite a bunch of people.


We'd bring a Bose speaker and some like, you know, big bottle of vodka, whatever, right. And just like have like a party up there all the time. Okay. First of all, to think about the two of you throwing a party Yeah. On your roof deck. Yeah. What was the difference between Chase and Ed's parties versus Nate and Chuck's parties? Not much except the money involved. We didn't put much money behind ours, you know, we weren't making quite that, you know, I know I ended up being like the president of the world at the end of the show, but it was ridiculous. And he was owning hotel chains, but his was very much skewed, more like, like British underground rock scene, you know?


And I like, like the beers going and, but it, they did turn out to be pretty like fun kind of well-known parties. Like people would like show up from all over the place and like, wait, is it all the city? I mean, is It true that you lived in the same building as the Chainsmokers? Oh, it's a great story. Yeah. No, next door actually. Jessica Zoro, I love the death. She's getting married in August and I can't wait to see her. She played Vanessa on the show. Yep. And we'd all, all hang out and then she'd be like, guys, and, and, and she, she lived in 5, 5, 5. We were like 5, 3 5. So it was, she was literally, we were next door. And she'd always be like, my, my, my, my roommate, my this guy down the hall, like, play Alex, like plays like, What is this accent you're doing? I'm trying to do a Wisconsin accent. It's terrible.


It's terrible. It's really bad. Wait, is she the one you have the dog with? She's from Wisconsin. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh My God. I was like, this is too full circle. No, we've All been like, great friends. This Is your Wisconsin, do that again. No, she's like, from, from Wca, Wisconsin. She's, it's terrible. I can't do it. Wisconsin do do it. She's like, guys, Alex, my friend Alex is, is playing. Oh My God. Is, he's like a dj. And then I, it's terrible. It's, I'm not gonna do This. She's really gonna call you and be like, why did you butcher, why did you act like I speak like that on that show? I love her too. Then. I love, she's the best. But she'd be like, yo, and, and it was like three in the morning. I mean, you know, New York goes very late. Yes. So I'd be, we'd be out. She'd be like, come back over, like, we're gonna go to Alex's house or apartment. It's only a house, like a little tiny apartment.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it was Alex from Chain Smokers. And he would, he just liked playing. I loved it. He's the best. I still see him out in about and about, and we would just sit there and rip and like, just like chop it up talking. And he's like, DJing playing music and Yeah. What a small world. That's crazy to think that like, you guys as like young guys and because they weren't even formed yet, were they? No, They weren't. They weren't Because He hadn't met Drew yet. Exactly. He hadn't met Drew yet. That's right. So I think there was someone else involved, but he hadn't met Drew. And our, our mutual friend with, with Jessica was this guy Wil Mal. He is still my best friend. I met him through her, but he worked in nightclubs kind of, or, or hospitality. Right. And so Alex was like, Hey, can you get me into these places? And he did Will. I hooked him up and got him into these like, damn, these nightclubs, a DJ and stuff like that.


They're the best. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're so fun. They're awesome. I had them on and I was like, that was, that's Right. You did have 'em on. Yeah. Yes. I won't ask if you and Ed have had a threesome together, but I did ask them that. What'd they say? What was their answer? Absolutely. Of course they did. They, they literally go, which, which one? And we were like, I was like, what? And they're like, which time? And I was like, I don't know. I don't know. Tell me about them all. Yeah. Yeah. And Alex at the time was like, stop Drew. And Drew was like, okay. So the first time I'm like, oh my God. Okay. This is quite fun. Yeah. Yeah. Who would you guys invite to these parties? Because at the time, were you like hanging out with industry people? Were you meeting like chicks at like NYU Sometimes.


Yeah. Like, so I, I, I don't know exactly who would we bring up there. We'd bring good friends, but then sometimes they'd get really outta hand, of course. And it'd like, you know, like, it'd be insane. I remember one time I, one, this is very like a two thou early 2000 story shared With The class come on. But like, we would have, you know, it got a outta of hand. But the, but the doorman loved us and they would like kinda let us do anything. They would just say like, do this or that. Don't do that. And so he called, I think the doorman called me. He was like, yo, there's, you gotta come down. There's some commotion going on down here. And I'm like, what's going on? And I go down the elevator and you could see, you could see like all the way down. And there was just floor to ceiling windows at the front of the building. Right. And I look, and it was like Lindsay Lohan and Sam Ronson, they were dating at the Times.


It's very 2000. We're like walking down. And there was just a wall of photographers in the window. And I was like, whoa. You're Like, like, No. Like, we made it. Did they ever come up? Yeah, Of course. They came up and it was great. And I think we had met before, kind of, and they're amazing. Like Sam's great. I'm obsessed, and I haven't seen 'em in ages, but like, they came up and it was like a very early two thousands. These are the details we needed Chase. Yeah. Your stories I haven't ever told. And then, and then, and then we like, you know, raged up there. It was, it was great. Did Paris ever come to a party? She did not, but I saw, I saw Paris recently, actually. Really? And I, I did at, at this like fancy, you know, some Oscar thing. And, and she said, Hey, I went up to her.


I said, Hey. And we were, I'm like, you know, I'm like, you remember the first time you ever met we ever met? Right? And she was like, I think she said, I think so. And I was like, I was in college. I hadn't done anything yet acting wise, but I was living, I just moved to LA My sister was in town with a buddy, and we were at like, Teddy's that nightclub back in the day. Okay. Was like the best. And I was like, we, and like, you were so nice to us, you hung out with us and invited us to your birthday party. And we all went and it was amazing. And she was like, no way. And I'm like, yes. She's literally like, I don't remember this at all. She doesn't remember any of it. She, I think she actually did. She's amazing. And so I always, we always say what's up when I see her. But that was like my other, you know, early 2000 story. I'm obsessed because you, Paris is like the nicest fucking human.


The nicest. When you meet her, you're like, oh my God, you're even better in person. Like, she's lovely. Yeah. But I love how like, for Paris, like that probably meant like nothing at the time. To her. She's like, got Leo at her parties and she's got everyone. And she's like, totally. And meanwhile you're like, my life is made. That's, yeah. My sister was in like, college. I was like, barely outta college. I'm like, you know, are you fucking Kidding me? That's cool. She Invite us, her, her birthday, but she's being so nice. I'm like, yeah, we'll go. Like, it was great. That fucking at her house, it was a blast. Like it was really, really cool. Like, That is fucking epic. 2005 or six probably. Who knows? You know? Did any of your rooftop parties ever get shut down? They never did, actually. What? They never did. There was no one really, like, the noise didn't travel. 'cause it was, so that's, That's, that's you being having it in with like the doorman.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But no one ever used it either. Like, it was really wild. I don't know how we got to Have a rooftop. Yeah. And to have a one junior suite thing that's like a one bedroom. Yeah. That's pretty insane. That's a great little gig. It's a great deal for me. I got the main room, so Yeah. It was, yeah. Sorry. Okay. What would he say your worst quality is? A roommate is? Oh. Oh. I don't know what he would say. What would he say my worst quality would be? Probably probably falling asleep so easily when we're, when he was like trying to tell a story and we'd be watching like, just like CDs of entourage just playing. And he was like, look at that. I'd be like, passed out. But like, I don't know what my worst quality was.


I was a great, I'm a great roommate. I'll never have another roommate, so help me. God, I need to have Ed on now. And he watch him be like, come with a list. Yeah. And he's like, like, yeah, number one. No. It seems like if you're the one that's like cleaner, like you're, maybe he'd be like, he was annoying his shit. He was constantly cleaning my shit. Like, leave my shit alone. Yeah. When I, when I had to like, move out. I think he was like heartbroken. I think he was a little bit mad at me, actually. He have built and made after, After like two years, I'm like, all right buddy. Like, I need my own worst success with the show's gone. We gotta like, just, yeah. I, We have our own place. And he stayed in that place and like knocked the wall down and like made it his own. He did? Yeah. With like an ax. He like knocked his little wall down. It was very dramatic. Yeah. Wait, were you like, are you insane that you're staying A little bit?


Yeah. Yeah, actually, yeah. Yeah. Like, bro, we got the paycheck. Like We got the thing. Yeah. It was like two, two years. We had two good years. Right? Like, let's go. Okay. Have you ever hooking up with a CoStar? Oh God. It's just, that's such a night. You just did it. So, you know, And then you go for the water. So casually acting like, I'm gonna forget what I just asked. Hoping I'll go onto the next question. Yeah. Listen, I, I would say, I would say those things are inevitable, you know, when you're in your twenties, like, or whatever it could be for anything like workplace. But, but you know, the thing is, the thing is you're on these things.


It's not like people would probably think it's like these sexy scenes or whatever, that kind of, it's like, that's like the worst part of it. It's like, yeah. 60 people watching. It's like the downtime. You're doing this show, you're on set for like 12, 14 hours a day. And usually there's some pretty interesting different people from all walks of life. And, and the danger is, the danger is if you have, if you connect right away with like, sense of humor, at least for me, like if you have a good, if, if you like, have like, have a rapport and can like kind of banter and give each other shit. Yeah. For me, I'm like, Ooh, I gotta like watch out, watch it for myself because I'm like, I'm gonna like start, you know, liking Them. Yeah. Basically. Well, and I bet it's like, yeah, that's a good point. You're spending so much time with these people that obviously the minute, if you're like emotionally connecting with someone that can be your person.


Like, while you're like sitting in between scenes, like you start to just get closer and then naturally, okay, so you're gonna leave it to all of us to guess who it was. I can, I can, I can't. I mean, listen, I've done like other shows and stuff, but, but yeah. You know, it's, Oh yeah. But like, I love how you had to take a pause, take a sip of water, and you got really centered with yourself and then you like made eye contact with me and you gave me The most perfect pr answer. Like, sometimes when things get heated and the emotions are there, it's inevitable. But you know, we've all moved on. No, it's fine. It's fine. Did you ever know if co-stars at the time were like, hooking up and then you like kept their secret for them?


Yeah, absolutely. Oh yeah, absolutely. And by the way, there's a lot of like act actors and people coming on to the show. Yeah. So they're like, over the years, oh, and then I had, I was fortunate enough to have like, friends in the city. There were actors, but I, they were outside the show and I had a really good, like, friend group. And then like they, everyone else has their little friend group. And so, you know, you meet people in those, in that wider circle. It's not just like, you know, that tiny little like circle. Everyone's like putting a map together. Like, So, you know, it's a lot of people involved. But, you know, again, it was like our college experience, you know? So Exactly. One year at Pepperdine. Exactly. Three years at Gossip Girl University. Can I ask though, if you weren't dating, let's say someone on in your cast, what was your dating life like during Gossip Girl?


Because now you're famous, people know you, you're in a city. Yeah. What was it like? It was, I mean, in, in the sense of like dating life. Yeah. It was kind of non-existent. I didn't really like, oh, I was never like doing the, well, I never liked doing like, the interview, like sit down, like go on dates. Right. It was like, I was meeting a lot of people out all the time and it was very like, it was very much like meet meet people through your friends. Yeah. And, and like, for me, I guess it was, I don't know, I guess it was experience based. Like, you kind of do something or you go off and, and meet people through, through a crazy experience. I would kind of connect with them and then, and then we would, we would date. So, and You're so young, like yeah.


Being 22, 23 in New York City, like at that point, I'm assuming you were not looking for a relationship. Like you're having fun, you're meeting people, you're hooking up, you're going to work. Like, you're starting to make your first real like paycheck, like, right? Yeah. Fun. Fun. Yeah. Yeah. It Was, it was a lot of fun. Yeah. We had a lot of fun. And, and in high school I kinda had like one girlfriend and it was very like, kind of that thing. And so I was kind of, you know, wanted to, wanted to just get out there, have fun. So out. Okay. How did you feel when we found out that Dan was fucking Gossip Girl? I felt happy that it wasn't me. I was just really happy that it wasn't Nate. 'cause then they told me they were probably, they were thinking about, I'm like, why would it even be me? I'm like, yeah, your Character was like, too, like laissez bear. Like you wouldn't have time to like get on your computer and type away.


No. Yeah, he's in politics now. He a senator now, right? Yeah. Like 26-year-old senator. So yeah, I kind of always thought of Nate as just kind of like, go with the flow. Like, although I, I hate when you hooked up with that older woman. I didn't like, like that era. Forgot about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't love that. And, but I liked twice when you and s Serena were together. It was twice. Yeah. Yeah. The white party. Yes. The kiss to make everyone jealous. Yeah. Yeah. See Yeah. You're a fan. I love it. Okay. You know, it goes, You don't even wanna know how much of a fan I am when it ends. I think I've talked a lot about, with people when they're actors of like, understandably, there's this fan base that is like, don't you fucking dare say you weren't sad to see it end. But most people are like, I gotta move on with my fucking life. It's time to go. Like, right. How did you feel when it all was ending? Were you like, let's fucking go?


I, Or tears I had, I went through like a major depression. I feel like, looking back, not really, but I, I right. It, it, I wasn't, I wasn't like prepared for it to end, I guess. Right. I thought I was, but, but it was more like New York. It, it was, it's your family. It's like you wake up and you, and even the drivers like you, you know what I mean? It's like the hair and makeup girls. Like, they're, they're awesome. And that's your whole day. That's like your whole identity right now. It's like a young, I was ready for it to be done. But I mean, me, me and Ed would talk about it all the time. It's like, this is, this is the greatest struggle we'll ever have. Because it was so, it was so e it was an easy, it was an easy thing and it was fun. And we would laugh about that, but more, I was just mad. I had to like, I was like, I guess, I guess I gotta go back to la and like, you know, You're like, I really liked it in New York here.


I Liked I New York. I should have stayed for a little bit. Actually. Why didn't you? I don't know. I I, in hindsight with real estate, I should have just bought in a place. Right. And like, kept it like, what was I thinking? So You should have gone back and gotten the place that Ed had been renting out and like, bought a whole floor and renovated the whole Thing. Deum the whole thing. Yeah. But you went back to la I went back to la yes. Yes. And had to, you know. So Talk to me about your state of depression. I can imagine it's like kind of an identity crisis, right? It was, Yeah. It was an identity crisis. Yeah. It was just a weird, it was a weird thing. It was, it didn't last very long, but it was like a few months of like, it was just a daunting thing of like, is auditions now and like going back and how do I, and you're put in a box a little bit. You know what I mean? You're kind of, the guy did a CW show who looks a certain way.


Sure. It's, it's definitely like, okay, I gotta, I gotta find something to kinda break outta that. So there was, there was that. Yeah. And I feel like also, I mean, wait, how long was Gossip Girl? How many years? Six years. About six years. Yeah. That's like a long ass time to be in something. Like at what, like towards the end of the last year, you guys knew it was ending, right? Yeah. Yeah. We knew. Yeah. But You still have to start to, it doesn't probably feel real until it's over. Yeah. And it's almost like a college experience plus more to be with people. And then like, do you keep in touch with anyone? Kind of, you know how it goes? Yeah. I mean, yeah. Like I, yeah, we were on texts sometimes and like, you make loose plans and then, yeah, Penn texted me outta the blue the other day actually, because he was shooting, I think his final season of you in our old, our old sound stages.


So he was like texting me. We're kind of like catching up. And that's sweet. So I'll see Penn every now and again and Leighton in, in town. And you know, Blake's like, I think in Westchester we will text sometimes actually. And I saw Ed in, in Europe recently, kind of. That's Awesome. So that's awesome. So yeah. Yeah. But it was more, it wasn't like the material. I was really ready to move on to different material. Yeah, yeah. In a different role. But like, yes, New York, I guess I wasn't really ready to leave New York. Do you think you'd ever go back? I'm kind of too old. I mean, I, I, I think the way to do it is to have one in both. I Know. Fuck you a Good place There at all. I, I have thought about it, but Yeah, it's weird because like, you're right. You hit a certain point where like, New York is so beautiful when you're in your twenties and it's, even when I look back, like I had the, like this shitty ass apartment where there were like fucking rats and I had really?


Yeah, I had the ed room where like my two roommates got to have like the normal rooms and then we, like, there was like a built wall for me and I'm like just putting a mattress in, I could barely fit. Right. And it was some of the best years of my life. Totally. But now when I think about going back to New York, like I like, like a backyard. Yeah. And like being relaxed. Yeah. And like, not having to like walk outside and get like, hit in the head and like pushed to the ground and like screaming people. I'm like, yeah, I like to go for a trip and then get the fuck out. Totally. Yes. You know? And the winters are kind of brutal, right? I like my car. I like my dog to go to the grocery store with my dog and like cook and have space. And then Yes, the dog spoiled with the sun now too. You know, Ex girlfriend with the dog. Still not over that. Let's talk about your love life.


Yeah. Are you in a relationship?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by McDonald's. Which McDonald's breakfast order gets people out of bed the fastest. What do you think? Is it the golden brown hash browns? Is it the savory bacon, egg and cheese McGriddles? Or the fluffy hotcakes? If you answered all of the above, then you are correct. With McDonald's breakfast, you cannot go wrong. Even if you wanna pair a Diet Coke with your egg McMuffin, no judgment. Okay. Wake up. It's time for McDonald's breakfast.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted dropped messages from an unknown sender from the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Let's talk about your love life. Yeah. Are you in a relationship? No. It's a dumpster fire. Alex. No, it's all a dumpster fire. What's going on? What is your type? It's 2024. It's just this is things all times are tough out there. It is fucking tough. It is tough. Yeah. Okay. What's going on? You're very single. Are you going on any dates? What are We doing? I joined Ry like a week ago. How's it going? Terribly. It's Teasing. It's really, no, it's scary. I I I so really say That because you're like, am I gonna get, am I gonna Get kicked off? Actually, I actually enjoy it. I Oh really? I get kicked me off. No, no. I actually enjoy it because like people, everyone told me not to do it. And so I had like, think I had a few drinks on and like one night I'm like, I'm doing it and I just did it. I'm like, this is great. I haven't been on one day.


No, don't, don't get me wrong. I'm like, haven't engaged at all. I'm a total creep. I'm I'm creeper face. Right, right. You're like, like figuring this thing out. Like, what is this thing? It's Intimidating. Have you done it any of the Absolute Oh my God, yes. Yeah. Right. I was on Raya. But the problem for like, a lot of, I feel like the women is like, the guys are very, I don't know, like a lot of 'em are DJs. Okay. Yeah. I know. I don't, I'm not looking for, like, I wasn't looking for a spin the beat guy. Right. A lot of them like lived in Australia or it would be like UK and I'm like, can I set my settings closer? Like, I don't wanna go on my first date across the fucking world. Yes. So it was a little bit of like a proximity thing. A little bit of like a intimidation thing too, because like the other dating apps is like, oh, this is like a nice normal person.


This is like, who are you? And like, what do you do for a living? And like, everyone's net worth it. And you're like, I am just, it's overwhelming. Yes. Completely. So I could see why you like, have a hard time getting off the app for that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No, it's, it's definitely weird and I definitely have no expectation and I'm not like, I don't even know really what I want. I'm just trying to, you know, it's just like another avenue to figure out to maybe meet somebody. Right. Okay. But yeah, the only connection I've had is like, oh, cool. Oh, Indonesia, why? Why? Yeah. Okay, great. What am I, we're gonna go to Bali? Never. Okay. Weird. No, I remember there was this one guy that I remember I like randomly matched with and I think he was on like t he was on he, no, he was on, what was it called? Oh, vampire Diaries. And I remember being like, I'm a big fan of Vampire Diaries, and so I'm like, Ooh.


And it's like, I know some of those guy, he's shooting in Toronto. And I was like, well, I live in New York City. New York's close by. Yeah. But you're still like, am I getting on a plane to see this man? Yes. No. Yes. No. You're like, yeah, no, Maybe, but yeah, barrier to entry. I'm like, you ever in New York? He's like, you ever in Toronto? I'm like, no. Unmatched. Bye. But I'll watch next season. Yeah, Great. Talking about you. Yeah, it sucks. It sucks. You're gonna figure it out. I know. You're gonna figure it out. It's weird. Yeah. Do you consider yourself a romantic? I do. A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean, what would you consider romantic? If I Got it? I think someone that, like, when you're in a relationship, you are like very, like, you like to set it up for this like, very romantic setting of like, you're not just like, do, like, walking through the process.


Right. It's like candles and roses and you wanna like, make time together and you're very like, I don't know, sweet and cute. And Yeah. I think, I think, I think I just say yes. So Watching, like, I'm not candle, I like to cook, so I do like to cook for for Okay. That's romantic For girls. I like to, and I'm a homebody, so I like to, when I'm in and I do, I really do like to focus. Yeah. And like do the thing and like be very thoughtful. And I feel like I'm a thoughtful person. So. Yeah. How are your first dates? Are you good at first dates? Bad at first dates? I Think I'm okay. Okay. I mean, I, I mean everyone, they're awful though, right. But horrible. But it's like I, you have generally met people through friends of friends or through kind of indirect ways. Yep. So the first, the first dates are always like interview process, campaigning. Yeah. You know what I mean?


So, but you, when you know, you know, kind of like right away, I could still get through a first date that's not, well you don't, you know, it's like, okay, we're gonna be friends. Maybe. But, But that's a good point. I feel like first dates, you know, that you like the person. If it feels less like an interview and you're like, oh, we're making like headway. Like Right. No first date is gonna be like, this is like the fucking best thing ever. Like, I would hope there's room to grow and get better. Right. But some first states, you're like 10 minutes in and I'm like, I gotta fucking Go. Yeah. And then, then it becomes awkward. I've definitely been awkward on first dates before. Do You just say the whole time? Yeah. I, you know, you can't, what, what are you gonna do? Ghost out the back and like, like, oh, I lift my keys and No, That would be fucked. And then someone would like write online about you being like, he's the biggest fucking douche.


Like, what the Fuck if people do that though? I've had friend buddies that like, girls have done that. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Because part of it is like, you could be respectful and be like, you're, I literally, I know this is not right. Let's just like not waste each other's time. But some people would be like, you fucking piece of shit. Yeah. Fuck you. And then you're like, oh, I don't wanna be a dick. Yeah. Have you been in love before? Absolutely. Yeah. Oh Yeah. How many times? That's a good question. Probably at least two. At least two. Because have you had those where you're like, was that love? Or It was love in the moment, but now that I've grown up, maybe you like redefine it a little bit. Right. One was pretty instantaneous. And then another one was over Time, Over time. So I've kind of experienced both.


And I don't really subscribe to the idea that there's like one soulmate for you. I think there's, I agree there's a handful, maybe however you want to, but it's definitely once in a blue moon that you meet, very rarely you're gonna meet someone that you really connect with. And what you do with that, you know, is, is a timing thing. And then maybe, you know, it can, it can work out or it doesn't, but we all have those things that might not have closure. You know what I mean? And that's okay. So you don't have to have like closure, but there's Yeah. Those open-ended things you're thinking like, maybe if I'd been more evolved or like I, I've been like, like five, five years older or in a different place in my life. There's a few times where I definitely not regret, but I'm like, oh, I wish I'd been in a different place in my life. You Know? That is interesting where you like, oh, that's such a good point where you like look back at it and you recognize who you were compared to who you are in the reflection stage where you're like, oh my God.


Imagine how different I would've been even if I was me in that relationship now. Right. You probably would've been fucking prospering and happy. All Amazing. Yeah. I could have had it all. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I was like, Peaky blinders. No, but, but, but yeah, I've like been, and I'm like, God, I was such a, I was such a head case back then. Why couldn't I have like, just like not been an asshole? You know? Like in what ways? I was doing my own own stuff. You were just like, I was just, you know, you know, whatever you wanna call it, mental health stuff. It was just like a I was in a bad place. Yeah. And not dealing with it. Yeah. You know what I mean? I was like, like just, just avoiding Everything. Oh. And a really interesting topic because that means you're growing obviously. Right, right. I think that when you have your own shit going on, there's no fucking way that you can be like 100% present for a partner.


Totally. It's hard to do even when you're in a fucking healthy relationship. Of course. Exactly. Like when I moved back from New York and I was in that kind of funk, I met a girl who was like, incredible and, and went on to be very, very success. Very successful. But at the time, is That the one with the Dog? No, I'm trying to figure out the, who the fuck is the one with the dog? It's girl I worked with on a, on a, on a, it was a bad TV show, but it was like in, in 2015 maybe, or something like that. So we're still good friends. She's great. She's very great. Shout out. Yeah. And but we both travel so we both have to deal with the dog. I'm defending myself. No, it's okay. It's okay. I'm just fascinated, like, oh, how would that work? It works. No, she can work telling you. Oh Man. But so you, you kind of fell for a girl after that like weird moment and then it just didn't work 'cause you weren't in a good head space, Which wasn't in a good space.


And I just kind of let it slide. I let it kind of float away and she was like, would be in town and reaching out and, and we kind of had a, hey, you know, hooked up, had a thing in New York when we were both there and then, and then, yeah. I just, I think about some of those things. Like if I had just been in a different Yeah, you can't help that though. You're, you're, you're, no, you get what you get and it's a timing thing. That's life. And it's just life. But I do think about those of course, kind of missed moments from time to time, you Know? But I think it also allows you like, into going into this next chapter of like, whoever you're gonna find. Like that allows you then to like, reflect and be like, I know I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna be more present and like whatever, you know, you fucked up on, then you take that and like move on. No, totally. Yes. How long has been your like, longest relationship?


About three, four years. Okay. Probably. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What are the top like three qualities right now that you'd be saying, you're like looking in for a partner? We can put this on your riot profile too. Like, just clip this and put this in your, It's very sparse. My riot profile. I think, I think every photo's cut, like cut off. Like, I'm like, stop eyeball. Like, I'm like, I'm not screwing with it. I don't even care. Jeez. I'm like, whatever. You know what I mean? Right. Just like picture of dog, dog, dog. Half face. It's Just, it's out there in the world. It is. No, it's, it is. It's half my dog's face and half my face in one, in one shot. Yeah. It's great. Right. Because you're hoping they like, won't fully notice you and then they just click because they're like, the dog is nice or something. And it's not like, I get it, I get It, I get it. It's not a signed headshot or anything. Right, right, right.


But, but, you know, but no, I, I, things I look for, I guess, I guess for me I do, I am a, like a closet reader and like kind of a nerd. I do like to be able to have like kind of, you know, in depth, you know, in depth conversation. Yeah. Sense of humor is kind of a big one for me. Like, and you know, and that's kind an umbrella thing Right. If they have that wit and you kind of have that back and forth and that weird, that weird connection, you know. Yeah. Where you can make each other laugh. Yeah. And that's an umbrella, like personality wit, intelligence thing. It's like if that, that's kind of the number one thing. Yeah. You know? Do you care if they're in the industry? I'd prefer not actually. Yeah. I get it at this stage in my life. I get it. Right. I get it. Yeah. I mean, I think it's, that's part of the reason I was like my, I saw my buddies on dates with these like med students and neuroscientists.


I'm like, you're like, where you, where's it? They're like, Raya. I'm like, okay. You know? So there really are. Yeah. I've seen so far and I'm like a week in. Right. There are other people that do other things and I'm like trying to, it's such a bubble out here. You know what I mean? So it's, it's It's a lot. It's really you're like, I want, I want that doctor, that nurse. The dentist. Yeah. What about a therapist? Yeah, probably. Yes. Oh, I would love, yeah. I see psychotherapist on there sometimes. I'm like, perfect. There you go. Could save some money. Yeah. There you go. You could switch therapist right now. Right now to my girlfriend. Yeah. What's a deal breaker for you? Deal breaker. Oh man. Oh, bad tats.


I don't know. Bad tats. Yeah. Like how bad? Like what have you seen that you haven't liked? I don't know. You know, it's, that's that, that, that's a stupid one. Like, 'cause I'm really don't care about that actually. I'm obsessed. I mean maybe, maybe like a neck TA's probably like a deal breaker. I'm obsessed. You know, I guess a neck ta or like, You're not, you're not loving the neck tats. Have you gone on a date recently? Haven't. That's the thing. It's actually never happened. Where did that come from? I dunno. He's like picturing her face and just if there's a neck to Okay. No neck hats, You know, but tattoos are so ubiquitous. But, but like, but yeah, but they're not bad, but, but Oh, It's okay. A neck to We're moving on Punctuality too.


Okay. That's really switching gears. You are Really on time. I'm so you are early. I'm a little bit early. Embarrassingly. I'm Embarrassing. You be like out the door, like Yeah. Hi. Ready to go. It's like an anxiety thing. I like, if I'm running late, it's, it's over. I can't, I hate being calm down, You know? So. Oh, I've had people so fucking late for the show, so I appreciate Really? Yeah. That you're early. I'm like, let's get it going. Yeah. Yeah. So thank you. Thank you. Of course. Have you ever been cheated on W once ki kind of. Not really. I think I, so we had like plans, like holiday plans and like moving to the next phase of the relationship and she abruptly broke up with me and then I found out that it was like, she was, it was like an opportunity for someone, like a famous person.


A really famous person like Uber. And, and then she thought that they were gonna date and they, that didn't happen. But, but you're like, but yeah. Yeah. But but that was the only closest thing Yeah. To, to that, that sucked. Oh, that's Sad. But then it like, you know, my Perspective, it was like, I have perspective on that, so I was like, okay, whatever. Well, and I think it also tells you something about that person. Totally. No, it actually helped. It actually like kind of helps where You're like, oh, you were basically with me. Yeah. I was like, Ooh, I didn't see, yeah, I didn't see that coming. Like, that's a very interesting thing to know. So, But that can hurt if she goes from like you to Brad, you're like, yeah, Yeah, yeah. You're like, I get it. But it also indicates like what you're looking for. Right. Right, right. Okay. Right. Okay.


Have you ever gone through a partner's phone? I have not. No. I'm actually very, I have like almost the opposite of trusting. I'm almost like two trusting people. Two people. Yeah. I'm like, just go do your own thing. Like I need my own space. I'm great. Like go. She's like fully cheating on You girls night. Go to Mexico. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go have fun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Have You ever walked in on someone going through your phone? Someone did go through my phone once. It Was bad. Did you walk in on them going through it or you found Out? No, I woke up in the middle of the night to them freaking out. No. Yeah. I mean, listen, if you're gonna listen, okay, We love this un Call Her Daddy. If You're gonna go through anybody's phone, you're gonna find something that you don't like.


Totally. Even like a text with Their don't like. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're gonna find something you don't like. So, and I, I will say there was nothing bad. I wasn't cheating or anything, but, but you know, it was not fun and I was very, felt violated. But you can't like, you know, of course it's like a weird thing. Oh My God. And in the middle of the night that like the ambush of like wake up and you're like, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was so stressful. You're like, you're Like, Ooh, Piece of shit. Yeah. Yeah. And then you're like, what's happening? And at first you're like, someone's coming into the room, there's someone in the house, like, what's happening? And they're like, and then they're like, like I had your phone. Oh. And I'm like, oh God. I'm like, what? And then I, first thing I was like, wait, what'd you, what did you talking about? Right. Like, what did read? I really don't think I have anything weird in there. But yeah, it was, it was a moment for sure.


Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. Did you stay with the person? Yeah. Oh yeah. We did. Yeah, we worked out, worked. Worked it out. Yeah. So How long, how much longer did that last? Another year. Okay. Year and a half. Okay. Yeah. Wow. Another year and a half. Did you hear about that incident a lot? I didn't actually. I didn't. I didn't. But I got dragged a couple's therapy so that was No, I, which I actually loved. I thought it was You did. I, I'll take, I didn't love it, but I thought it was a good, it wasn't what I thought it was gonna be. I think guys are, I think it's great. Very afraid of that. I've always been open to therapy. I do it now. Yes. And I think it's, it's like gonna, the gym, right? It's like you go to the gym for a certain thing.


It's a very specific thing. People make it this like, there's a stigma behind this. There's, there's no stigmas, No relationship is perfect. And I actually had a couple's therapist on the other week and she was just talking to me about like, it's so weird that now we've like normalized therapy, but couples therapy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like, what's wrong with you? Im like, wrong. Who doesn't fight in a relationship? Who doesn't have problems, who doesn't Like no relationship is perfect. So it's almost like, yeah, I commend the people that are honest about it. Like I had said, like I went to couples therapy and it was like the best thing for my partner and I, where I was like, yes, I feel so much more aware of where he's coming from because you have a person in the room that like, is so unbiased.


A neutral moderator. Yeah. And it's like this time you can, you can air out those things safely. Yeah. And it's just about being a fucking adult. Like you learn how to be an adult. Right. At least for me in this relationship. And I was like, okay. And it was a very nice, you know, and when you're doing it doesn't, it's like gonna, the dentist kind of, you don't wanna do it, but it's, you know, it's like you do it and it was a really great thing. Yeah. So yeah. Okay, let's talk about your show. Obviously I'm like, we're talking about Gossip Girl, I apologize. But obviously we just had to get through the OG shit, right? Your show. I'm obsessed with the fact that you went from a man who was dressing like this, like Upper East Sider, this like kid with the trust fund to a superhero. Yeah. Are you loving it like being in the one costume the whole time?


Because I feel like, love it. A whole part of Gossip Girl was your outfits obviously. Right? Right. Yeah. And now obviously I'm looking at you in the same outfit every scene. I'm like, this is kind of interesting. Obviously if people haven't watched it, the Boys, this is season four season For the Boys. Yeah. Coming out. Tell me about it. It's great. It's The most fun I've ever had doing anything really? I mean, not, not like, you know, just like workwise, like the character. It's, it's comedy. It's so much fun. Right, right. We're making fun of like the privileged, you know, male asshole, you know what I mean? Like that guy, the costume's great. 'cause I never have any fitting so I don't have to come in and do extra fitting. So it's like one little thing. Costumes, a little bit of pain in the ass, but it's, it's okay. But it's great. Yeah. The show's awesome. So What happened with the whole Penis Dick thing?


Penis? What happened with the whole penis situation? I didn't even think about that until you started doing it. I'm like, I know exactly. I thought about that. How do we, there's A story there. Tell, tell everyone the story, Which is really funny 'cause it was great press for the show when it first came out. 'cause no one knew if the show was gonna work. But, but also the creator was like, never tell anyone that was, never tell anyone the real story. That was you. You're like, really? Well it was me. No, but this calendar came out right. This calendar came out of me and the character and there was this massive rocket. Yeah. In the suit. And they made this calendar and it was really funny and very in character too. But no one knew. It's the satire of a show, right? Yeah. No, no. People are seeing this like, what is this? Seth Rogan and Evan Goldberg produce it.


They're, they're amazing. And they thought it would be really funny. And the genesis, we hadn't even film anything. We were doing the suits that what if the Deep just had like a raging erection in like a third of the scenes. So I thought it was brilliant. I'm like, that's fucking great. It's hilarious. It's hilarious. So then the fittings, I started showing up when they had a box. The character's name's The Deep, they had a box called Little Deeps. And it was like all these different foam, like piece, all different types. I'm obsessed. Settle on one. I'm walking around. Oh no. First we did. So that's what happened. We did a big, we did all these like screen test camera, camera shoots, photo shoots with this thing in it. Yes. So we hadn't actually shot Amazon hasn't really even seen anything. Oh my gosh. My first day on set, it's like a big Toronto, big big stage.


I'm in front of like 2000 people and like come out, I'm like introducing Aaron Morrie's character. And everyone just starts laughing. 'cause it's so funny. The light. You can really see the scene. Were you at all like, anxious about it or you thought it was hilarious? I thought it was hilarious. I wasn't anxious about, I kind of thought though, I'm like, guys, we gotta remove it sometimes. Right? It can't be like in there forever. It looks ridiculous. It's so, it's so obvious. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. And so I'm like, and literally they didn't, Amazon gave us no notes. They let us do whatever. The only note, first Note was like, you gotta take that thing outta Deeps pants. You gotta take that thing out. So they actually spent so much money Frame by frame editing out that scene just in that area.


For that scene in the Pilots. The first episode. Everyone forgot that we did all these. So, so whoever thought in the pr that'd be funny. To make a calendar out of it was, was was genius. But the, I am Obsessed. But the calendar came out and then people didn't know what, they had no idea what that was. I mean, you're right, it was great pr 'cause like everyone was talking about it. It was like, oh my God, look at this penis. Like what is happening with this like big shlong like kind of Looks real. I mean it looks very real. You never think it would be like a fake Absolutely Boner calendar. I mean, you know, it was great. So you're loving it, you're having a good time. Loving it. Yeah. Yeah. Still loving it. So What was that audition process like? It was complete opposite of Gossip Girl. It was like Christmas time. They were like, we gotta, we gotta cast the superheroes.


And the superheroes are the bad guys for, no one's watched the show. It's like the satire because they said they had to make the suits anyway. I'm like, there's no way that they're not gonna like, bring people back in the new year. Like it's dead. Dead zone is December. Like even like Thanksgiving through, oh my God, we're really gotta go in for this audition. I love the material. I'm like, this is amazing. Get there. It's complete opposite. I'm like very annoyed. I'm like, oh. I'm like last. Right. You don't think you're getting it. It's a ton of actors in there. Well, I, it's just like a cat. It's like a lot of actors at the audition and they audition everyone no matter who you were. But I went in there and felt really good about the audition. I felt I had the creator laughing and the scenes were funny. Kind of felt like I nailed it. And then they're like, oh, we, we want to test him or whatever. Like the day, day after.


And I'm like, perfect. Great. So we'll go back in for like round 3, 4, 5, like in the new year, right? And she was like, no, they're just gonna use that, that tape you just did. And I was like, well, do I need to do it better? Like, can I make some changes? Right. And I got nervous 'cause I'm like, they're like, no, they're just gonna play in front of all the Amazon Sony people. And I'm like, that's how it works these days. And I'm like, I've been outta the game. Right. Fuck. But but, but they, and that's what happened. It was like very quick. They kind of did the deal and they did it. It was between me and I think some other person. And then we, and then they, and then, yeah, I had the job like before Christmas. I was like, wow, this is awesome. I don't have to go through like a month of like pulling my, pulling my hair out. Right. Like it was one and done. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause then the longer you go, the more you want the job. If you like it, you're like, I want this thing.


And I'm like used to completely in my head of waking up, like, what if I get this job? So yeah, it was a very quick like week long process and that was It. Well, it's fun to see. You obviously like back on screen and I feel like you Yeah. Your character is like quite hilarious. Like, it's so funny to see you in such a different light, obviously because of like the Gossip Girl OGs that like will follow you to whatever you do. Right. It's such a departure from that that I kind of love that though. Thank you. Because I think you needed to do that. I needed to do that. Yeah. Right. I think I still need to do it even more, but I liked that it was a complete shake up and a complete Yeah. It's a kind of dark comedy. Does some weird stuff in the first episode, but it's like very dark and, and and they, and they give us an opportunity to show us some range.


Yeah. So it's like comedy and some weird, like insecurity there and like it's good. Good to show that color. So What are you doing this summer? I'm not, you know, I, I got no, I I'm going to Tahoe with the family in like in July is around my birthday. Okay. Okay. I do like a 4th of July in Idaho with some friends up there. Fun. Just place Gaza or whatever. And, and then Tahoe and then got no Italy plants. Got no Italy trip this year. You know. Me either, You know. It's okay. It's okay. I think it's like a little, it's okay. We're over it. It's a lot. We're over it. It's a lot. I just, we're like, no, you guys go do your thing. We'll be here. No, true. I think Italy is amazing. I think like the vibe is to not go in the summer. I think so too. I think so too. It's like earlier, like late season. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And it's probably not as expensive, but there's also not as many people there, like Right.


It's, we're convincing ourselves why it's good that we're not in like cop. We're like, it's fine. We're going to Tahoe. Okay. Okay. So you're going on some trips. Wait, I didn't realize your sister's married to Tony Romo. She is, yeah. That's kind of fun. Yeah, it's great. He's awesome. We grew up Big Cowboys fans, so that was like a good Oh, okay. Did your parents fucking love That? Oh, they love it. Yeah, they love it. And so he play, he's the one playing in the golf, in the Tahoe golf tournament with some friends. Fun. And so it's this whole like, it's like my dad. For him it's like better than Christmas. Right. He loves that little Trip. Right, Right. So yeah. Yeah, yeah. We went out there and hang out with the family. I am so happy that you came on. I think you're such a great cool guy. I really had no idea what to expect if I'm honest. Like, I was like, is he gonna be a little stiff?


Like is he gonna, because I've never really seen you do that many interviews, right? Yeah. You don't do much. I, I I guess I don't. No. Yeah. And not like in a cool, great format. Conversational. You're the best. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, this is, this is great. I was really excited about you. Did you have fun? I had. It was chill. This is, I wish they were all like this, Alex. So thank you. You're Awesome. Thank you. Thanks for having me on. Thank you for coming on. This was so fun. Yeah, Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you.


Thanks to Leb by Eve St. Laurent for sponsoring today's episode. Make a statement with Leb Lnu, the fragrance that sets you apart. Shop now at Sephora.


Okay, Daddy Gang. I'm about to make you a little cocktail with two of my favorite ingredients. Patron, 100% additive free tequila. We're doing Reposado and then unwell Hydration. They all make for incredible mixers. But today we're using orange hibiscus. Let's go. So first we're gonna start with an orange. I am going to cut a slice and we are going to put it at the bottom of the drink so we can get even more of these natural flavors into Le Drink. Now Alex, let's think to ourselves why you don't cook or you never really enter the kitchen. This isn't gonna work. Let me do that again.


Let me cut a little bit of a smaller piece. One sec, one sec, one sec. Honestly, it feels right that I get to finally have my Kendall Jenner moment. I slice my entire hand off. Okay, so I'm gonna put this at the bottom of my cup. I'm just going to kind of push out the natural flavors you guys, okay? Because if I'm making you a cocktail, I'm going in, I'm putting the grit in there. I'm gonna take the peel out, leave a little bit of the juice and the remnants have a taste. Yeah, that's delicious. One day I'll be a soccer mom bringing the orange slice. What is this holding? Oh, here we go. Here we go. This is a better slice.


Okay, anyways, next. Ice. I love a cold, cold, cold cocktail. Here's the thing, I was a bartender, but I never weirdly ended up hooking up with a bartender. I did hook up with the boss, but that's for another time. Okay, so we're gonna do two ounces of Patron Reposado. We're gonna pour this into our cup here or gorgeous. And then we are going to add orange hibiscus. Matt and I have been drinking this drink kind of every time before we go out on like a weekend. Ladies, if you are getting ready and you're going on a first date and you need a good cocktail, this is the go-to.


If you're coming home from a date and you're crying your eyes out, this is the cocktail for you. I'm gonna make it gorgeous girls. Oh, would you just look at that? A cocktail, A stiffy. Oh my God, that looks so cute. This has been my go-to on date nights before I go out. We're making this up. I'm drinking it by the pool. It's about to be summer. Whether you're going on date nights or you're going out with your girls. This is the perfect, perfect cocktail. I personally love Reposado. Obviously you can switch it up. Patron has Reposado, they have an Aho, they have Blanco, but I'm kind of a Reposado girl, so look how cute. And it's literally so easy.


It's only two ingredients. You also don't need to go get a real orange. This does the trip. Ladies, here's the thing. Whenever I come home from work, I'm constantly wanting just like a nice little nightcap, and I feel like drinking with Unwant hydration. I wake up in the morning and I'm ready for my 8:00 AM meeting. Nothing can take me down. Ah, gorgeous. So Daddy Gang, thank you so much for making this cocktail with Patron and me. Cheers. Matt's gonna go home and be like, thanks babe. I'm actually so excited because Matt's about to be home and he's gonna be like, did you do this for me? I'm like, no, it's actually for the Daddy Gang. But like, yeah, we'll just pretend that I'm being like the sweetest wife, being like, babe, you are home.


I made you a cocktail. I'll make him another one. Come on. The perfect way to enjoy Patron is responsibly copyright 2025, imported by the Patron Spirits Company, coral Gables, Florida Tequila, 40% A BV.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden, everything takes a turn For the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place, audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.