
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Audible. Listen to the Unusual Suspects with Kenya Barris and Malcolm Gladwell. A new podcast on Audible, Kenya Barris and Malcolm Gladwell join forces to interview luminaries of entertainment, sports, business, politics and more to learn about their paths to success. These deep yet casual conversations reveal unexpected stories that may just change the way you think. Featured guests include some incredible people. We got Dr. Dre. We got Jimmy Kimmel. Okay, we got David Chang, Wes Moore, Ursula Burns, you name it, they are coming. Listen to the Unusual Suspects with Kenya Baris and Malcolm Gladwell on Audible. Now go to Audible dot com slash Unusual Suspects.


This podcast is brought to you by Hulu. Hey everybody. Hulu has a bunch of new standup specials that are not just funny, they're hilarious, very funny, Hulu. Anyway, they're launching new exclusive standup specials from awesome comedians like Jim Gavigan Lan and Glazer, Roy Wood Jr. Bill Burr and tons more. A new special drops every month and they've got a huge library of standup specials to check out. Go to Hulu and get your standup fixed. Now.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lie nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Chappell Roan. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank You. I am so happy to be meeting you. I'm such a fan, so this is like a very cool moment. How are you doing tonight? I'm good. I have to tell you, everyone always wants to do like early interviews. I'm not a morning person, so this is like one of the later interviews I've done. Are you a night person? I like both. I have insomnia. Oh. So really it's like I'm an all day, all night person till I take my pills. Okay, great. So you're just up. I'm up. You're With me right now. I am. Good to know.


Okay, good to know. Talk to me about what you are wearing. This is everything. How did you pick this? Well, I'm style by Dennis Webb, but I'm wearing Tom Brown and some of this is archival, which is amazing, but it's like a little white and red striped outfit, vibe. All of it's Tom Brown. It's just the best. He's the best. It literally looks like you are the host of this show. No, you Look like you are running this room right now and I'm the outsider. You look perfect. Oh my God, thank you. Okay. You're obviously known for your incredible amazing outfits.


What has been your favorite outfit to date that you've worn during a performance? I wore one for Bonnaroo. That was club kid themed and it was Latex Medical Latex, sexy, kinky girl. And it is kind of like disturbing in a way, but I felt so awesome. I love that. I was gonna say, now I need to go Google that. Yeah, it's, I look scary, but like I love looking like kind of crazy and scary, but I love that. I mean, the Lollapalooza one was so fucking awesome 'cause I got to wear tennis shoes Gov ball when you literally like wear all green. Okay. I Don't think people know this. I had to spread my cheeks.


You're lying to me right Now. No, I have to spread my cheeks and get sprayed with green and like it didn't come off. The way I got that off was I took three baths, not soap, dish soap. I literally poured dish soap in and scrubbed, rubbed my whole body with coconut oil. Jumped in scrubbed with a literal like kitchen sponge and every, all of it came off except there was a green tent to my skin. So I literally looked moldy for four days. How like humbling when all of your fans are like queen sleigh, you look gorgeous and then you're home literally scrubbing your asshole and you're like, oh yeah, this is my life.


I was like scrubbing my like bikini lines and like my pews or pulling out from at all. I don't have, I'm not, I'm not even like lasered or anything. It's so Glamorous. I just can't. Yeah. I fucking love it. Okay. How do you usually though dress on a chill day? Like are you always going hard glam? Are you always having an outfit? Sometimes I love having an outfit, but usually not with glam like this. Like I'm not wearing a lash or you know, anything like that or nails really. But I'm not in a lot of color. That's the thing. Like I am in a lot of blacks and a lot of like topes and whites and creams.


Like nothing. Yeah. Are You ever doing sweatpants? Yeah. Oh sometimes. Okay. But I'm in like, I wear a lot of skirts. I'm very modest when it comes to my day to day. And I think it's just because one, I feel like I'm in LA and I can dress like more masculine and not get like dirty looks. And so, but I feel like in other parts of the country it's like I just, I just dress more feminine so I don't like deal. I don't wanna deal with it. Yeah. You Know, isn't it so annoying when you're like, I don't even wanna deal with these comments or these looks so I'm going to just like blend in for you all?


I don't want to, but I don't have the time of day. Yeah. So Fuck off. I used to dress fucking crazy though before like all of this happened and I had energy and like light in my eyes. I would literally just wear my thong out miniskirt, bottom ass cheeks out nipples, see-through in this fucking trash. I, I dress like really, really bim bowey and like I had, I wore like silicone, like breast like boob inserts to make my boobs come up to my fucking like up to my clavicle or whatever. And so I just like lost my shine.


Why? Because it became my job and then I was like, I'm fucking tired. And glam takes, I mean at that time I wasn't like, I was just in my room high as fuck doing my makeup on TikTok live for three hours every night. And then I would go out in, in like this, like insane drag makeup and like all these thrifted like seventies disco, always in fucking heels, just a maximalist. And that was so amazing. And then it just got to be like there was no separation. Yeah. Like I would be out as kaleigh in that and then I would be on stage as that and then there was like no separation.


It just got, I would look at myself in the mirror and be like, what's the difference between chapel? And like I understand that now. 'cause I've interviewed like enough people to have that conversation in a healthy way I think is you have to find a way to actually know who you are when the lights and the cameras and everything go off like who you are. And if you look the same exact and you act the same exact as you do on stage, then there is no separation and there's nothing that you can keep private for yourself and protect. So that makes sense as you've tried to kind of like give yourself basically your private life. Is that Yeah, it, yeah. Okay. You refer to yourself as a Midwest princess.


What is The most Midwestern thing about you? I say oh so much. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, op OPE Say that a lot. Is that a Midwestern thing? I think so. Oh, I'm not from the Midwest. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I, sorry. You know that I still am. Like I looked at the gas prices here and I'm like, golly, Over $4. That's crazy. And I'm like, what the fuck bitch, you've been here for almost 10 years. Like what are you talking about? It's never been under $4. I am one of the bitches that are like, well we got here at the right time.


We got at this restaurant right at the right time. Look at the line. I don't even care. Like I as if I've ever given a fuck. But I still say it. I'm like, stop. I get called out for saying roof instead of roof. But I was like, cement is how most people say it. But I was raised se Like semen but sea Mint. Yeah. Cement. Ooh. And I say insurance like different, there's, so there's like those things, but also it's like, I don't know, I wish it was more acceptable to like be barefoot. I wish that like, like, I don't know, I guess that's like more country, but I'll eat food off the ground and I love build's character.


I like, my car is so fucked up. What kind of car do you drive? Well I a beater. I brought, I, it's not a beater that's actually really dramatic. It's my mom's old car, but it's just like, I'm not gonna fix it. Yeah. Like I'm just not gonna fix it. Wait, you drive your mom's old, Old car. Old. I've never bought my own car. Why not? I'm like kind of embarrassed of cars. Like in general. Like if someone has a really nice car, I'm like it's too much. Too much. Too much. I don't. And also I know I wanna fuck it up. But when you were in your Maximalist era, would you have gotten yourself a nice car or still that was like the one thing you wouldn't do? That's, I couldn't afford any.


Yeah. Yeah. It's like I couldn't, I've never been a bitch to like with a car, you know? I just don't think it means anything. But to me I guess it does because I'm always like, eh, Ick. I, I get what you mean. It's like, like I just don't, if I see a cyber truck, I'm like, No, that shit is so fucking ugly. I can't, when I drive up next to it, I'm like, what in the brick ass shit is that? Yeah. Det tint it. Det tint. I wanna see who's in there, who's driving that. It's so fast. You Know who the only person I know who had it, who, who, who, who signed up for it? I'm not even kidding. 'cause you could sign up for it in like 20 19, 20 20.


My ex-boyfriend is the only person I've ever known. And you know what he has hint, eye tattoos, white, white, white boy hint eye tattoos of just girls tied up. He has, I actually probably shouldn't say everything actually. He probably, but that's like the vibe. I'm like okay, his Vibe. You're painting the picture for me. I'm Just like, I don't know anyone who I'd hang out with that has a cyber truck. I don't either. So we're in good company tonight. Can you imagine? What car do you drive? Do you drive a Tesla? Okay. I don't drive a Tesla. You're gonna hate me. Can I guess take a Guess. What if I said a cyber truck, I would be like, whatcha doing?


You walk out this interview? I would be like, fuck you. No, I do not drive a cyber trek. I'm gonna guess a gwa. No, I drive a Porsche. Okay. That's classy. But The only reason I drive a Porsche is because I never could afford a car my whole life. Yeah. And I had to drive my grandmother's car to school. Yes. And I was that bitch that couldn't just own it. And I would like park four blocks away and I was so mortified 'cause I went to this like preppy ass school that I couldn't afford and all the kids were driving fucking nice ass cars. But obviously their parents were paying for it. So like kind of embarrassing. And I would park away and the door wouldn't open so I had to get out on the other side and climb through the window. It was a whole thing.


So That's awesome. It built Character, you know? Yeah. And then when I got to high school, I remember this one girl that I was like, thought she was so cool and she drove a Porsche and it was like the cayenne or whatever. Yeah. And so I've only had one car in my life and it's that and Porsche Cayenne. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Cool. Right. When I was a nanny, the family had the nanny car was a Porsche Cayenne. So I've actually driven that before. It's a nice car. But for it to be the nanny car that's go Fuck yourself, that's the vibe. That's the vibes of that


Call. Her Daddy is brought to you by Lululemon. Here's the thing, I have always gone back and forth with when I'm in the mood to work out and when I'm not. And I feel like that's a very common experience, right? Sometimes we're feeling motivated, sometimes we're not. But the more we move, the more we feel alive. And the new Lululemon glow uptight will make you want to get your body in motion. Daddy Gang. The glow uptight has got body hugging feel good support snug where you need it and stretchy through the legs. The next level fit is secure but with spring loaded vibe that makes you feel like you could just keep moving and moving. And the glow up tights Ultra Lu Fabric is super sleek and smooth. Plus the high waist band gives held in perfection. You'll be ready to crush it at the gym or lead the way in your bootcamp. Okay. I love a good tight, I sometimes even wear a good tight when I'm literally going to work or I'm hanging out with my friends. Or even if I'm going on a date night, you throw the glow UPT tights with a little hoodie or a little sweater. Boom. You look so cute. So Daddy Gang, don't hold back. Visit your local Lululemon store or shop online at Lululemon dot com to get your glow UPT tights.


When it comes to beauty and fragrance, I am all about the fearless unapologetic vibes. And that is exactly what you get in Ys l's newest fragrance. Li nu li Nu is a citrus floral masterpiece alcohol free and completely liberating. It's a fragrance that makes a statement the moment you wear it. I love how it feels fresh light yet still bold. It is the perfect balance of feminine and daring and it's got this incredible staying power and leaves my skin feeling radiant and glowing. It really is the perfect balance of citrus and florals. It's so fresh and sexy. If you are ready to experience something new, trust me. Daddy Yang Lieb Lnu. A refreshing twist on the iconic Lieb Oda Parum. I personally have this fragrance and I will say my favorite thing, although yes, I love my husband thinking I smell good. There is nothing better when women or your girlfriends compliment you. And every single time I've worn this fragrance, my girlfriends are like, no, what are you wearing? Give it to me right now. That smells so freaking good. And Matt is obsessed with it. I'm always looking for something that has a fresh citrus floral scent. But it needs to still be that perfect balance of not overpowering but still bold. And this has exactly that. So Daddy Gang, if you wanna try it out, shop now at Sephora.


Okay. Are you still close with your friends from back home? Yeah, I am. They're really awesome. We have such different lives. They are, a lot of them are married with children and like they have their own houses and like, and to me I'm, I'm like, I don't know when that's gonna happen for me. Like I don't know when that is realistic if ever. So Do you want that Like get married and Yeah. I don't know. I like, part of me is like, is it even gonna be legal to marry like my wife one day? You know, I don't know. So, but kids, I, all of my friends who have kids are in hell. I don't know anyone.


I actually don't know anyone who's like happy and has children at this age. I have like, like a 1-year-old, like 3-year-old, four and under five and under. I don't, I literally have not met anyone who's happy. Anyone who has like light in their eyes. Anyone who has, who was slept, He, it's not looking too good. I'm like, why did my parents do that? My, I'm the oldest of four. My mom had me at 23. Wait, when you were saying that about your friends though, like do they think this is all wild? That like how famous you are and like all of it, when they see articles about you, are they like calling you up and be like, Kaylee, what the fuck? Or are they just like, this is your life bitch. Like text us when you wanna come over? I think They, yeah like they, they're just like, they're mothers.


Like they're fucking busy and they have jobs and lives. Yeah. Like I am, I am just their friend, you know what I mean? Like I, they are so sweet and so supportive and come out to shows and like they have to get fucking babysitters to come to my shows. And like, I don't ever expect, like when I go home I love reminiscing about like destroying public property with them and like doing something illegal shit and like literally hating the same bitches for 15 years. Like we just can't get over stuff we can't get, I will never get over. It's nice though. It's like therapeutic when you have those girls from like when you're younger. 'cause it's like that is the shit that it genuinely is therapeutic to just be like, and that little fucking con from and you're like, I don't even know where she is these days.


Like fuck You. They're probably a better person now that, that's the thing. I still hate those bitches from high school. There was one girl who said I like whatever, beat her in the fucking talent show. Like whatever, who cares? Like I won. And she was like, you did so good. Like I can't wait till your voice fully matures. Like I can't wait to actually hear it whenever you get like some lessons and some maturity in your voice. And I was like, we're the same age and two like I will show you.


And I think I did. But also, I'm trying to think. There's so many things. Oh here's one like Hot to Go was there's a line in Hot to Go, I will never forget this. I was standing in line at lunch and there were two girls in front of me, like a few people up in front of me and they couldn't, they didn't know I was standing back there, but they were like talking about me and they were like, oh, do you know who's dating? We'll say what's the, what's the wind Western? Mr. John.


Okay. Carolyn. Johnny, Carolyn. Let's say that's the boy's name. Okay. Johnny, Carolyn. Do you know who's dating Johnny? Carolyn. They're like, oh no, no, no. Who? Oh it's Kalee Amstutz. Well who is she? Oh you know, she's like, she's not hot but she's pretty, she's like, she's like pretty but she's not like hot. And so when I wrote Hot to Go, that's why I'm like, call me hot. Not pretty. Because like that was so ingrained in my heart of like, I wanna be the hot girl. I wanna be the hot girl. I don't wanna be called pretty, you know? But I wasn't, I wasn't hot in high school.


Like dude, I, whoever the fuck was peaked. Okay. That's kind of true. Right? Whoever was so banging hot, they're not, they're not doing too well. Okay. That's so true. And all the hot guys at my school, I, you know, I don't know. I don't really know any hot guys at my school. I don't think I grew up with hot guys. There was no one that I was really attracted to. But that's the shit though Chapel. That's like how crazy the shit that sticks with you. Like girls can be so fucking cutting when you're that young. Yeah. Boys too. But girls it's like, you almost like care more in moments where you're like, I'm pretty and anyone if like you don't get it, it's like that is like the big, they're trying to insult you.


This isn't like a nice, but you're like, and then you wrote that obviously banger ass song and now you're making fucking money off of it. So It's true. It is like the bad things that happened to me. I can monetize That is what's awesome about being a, a songwriter. Like I, when my breakup, when I wrote like my Kinks Karma vibes was the worst thing that's ever happened. Like genuinely, I don't think it could have been worse, but I got to like fuel an entire video and a song and a look a character just based off of horrible week of my life.


And when you do that though, when you publish it, do you feel like finally like you've expunged your soul of all of that negativity? Or does it still slightly hang on when you have to perform those songs? When I, when when I do the festivals and I look in the camera and I say I dedicate this whatever la la la I am actually thinking about them or whoever I'm dedicating. But I do think about it and I'm like, at Lollapalooza I was like, fuck you so hard for talking about you dating me. Like how could you talk about why are you bragging that you dated me, you broke up with me.


Dude. That's the craziest part. But it's so telling, it's so embarrassing. It's like you want clout. How lame is your life? You want clout. Like you have to sleep so well at night knowing that though of like, ooh and I still get to monetize all this. Loser. Loser. Bye. How do you decide when you have people call you Chapel verse Kaylee Or now I'm at Work Chapel but like none of my friends like call me chapel. Okay. It's like who was your pop icon growing up? Hannah, Montana.


Bitch And Brittany. You can't say Hannah Montana to me and me, not Hannah Montana. Need a minute. I remember when the first episode came out, The wig in the first episode. Then when they changed it so good, it's still look like I look back on that and I'm like, they really didn't know if that shit was gonna pop off. And then it was like the biggest fucking thing ever. But that first wig is so telling, they're like, let's just fucking see if this shit works. And then boom. Did You go to the concert? I went to the one where it was Miley and Hannah. So she starts as Hannah and then she transitions to Miley. Yep. Is that The Jonas Brothers opened? I remember Kansas City. I remember that was the point when the Jonas Brothers weren't that big of a deal and I was so annoyed that they were on stage.


And my dad was like, one day you're gonna have a crush on one of these boys. And I was like, I reject that. I'm disturbed by these men. And then I obviously like fell in love with them like a couple years Later. Nick or Joe or sorry Kevin. Oh, I'm sorry. No, No, no. Nick, Joe or Kevin. Yeah. I would say at first Nick, I did the whole thing. Cried diabetes obviously. Okay. Did you cry too? No. I always hated the Jonas Brothers. But here's the thing, Joe's so fucking nice to me now. I've grown up to love them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I, when I was young, I was like you, I was like, I don't care about the boys, I just want Hannah, Hannah.


And when they came out I was like, Ugh, my fucking God. Like shut up. I was in, I was nine and I literally said when they came out I was like, oh my fucking God, I don't care. I believed in God at that time and I was saying that shit in my head I couldn't get on board. And then, yes Hannah at that point like, do you remember like East Northumberland High Good and broken? You and me together bitch. I made music videos to that shit. I was religious And all this to say like, I love the Joes. Like when I, I love you. When I was nine I was, I think it was just the, the lesbian in me that just had no interest in seeing them as an idol, as a child.


But now I'm like work. Yes. Okay, I'm gonna ask you, give me the first song that comes to mind when I tell you this. Ready. Favorite song to belt out in the shower. This is the Pot Break Free because I don't wanna date. Go to song when you need a Good Cry Along. It was a Fever, it's Cold Sweat Hot Head I believe Stay by Rihanna, which I audition to with the, yeah, I auditioned with it for the Voice.


I didn't make it on the show obviously. Thank God. Thank God I didn't, I didn't make it. Maybe It is so much better. 'cause imagine if you were like, not that it's bad to come from the Voice, but the story is better without the voice. Right. Your come up is just a little bit better. Yeah. Okay. That's the song. The song that belongs on every workout playlist. My favorite song of all time. When you see me in the club, you better think about or you better. Oh you think about Us, you better us Us. Yeah. Yeah. You better make such shit work. It's the, it's a will. I'm gonna scream and shout with Britney Spears.


Yeah. Your Crowd Pleaser karaoke song. I fucking hate karaoke. Moving on I 'cause I don't wanna try. Yeah, I don't, I don't like feeling like I have to try to sing Well if I'm not doing it for work. 'cause then it feels like a, like look at me. I love karaokes for people who never get to sing. Yes to Sing. And then we sing your songs And I'm like, like I hate singing it. But I did, I don't know, one time I pretended I put in like I was at a seafood boil in the middle of Appalachia Cola, Florida.


We were an off day on on tour and we went to this seafood place and there was just a dad playing guitar. And it was like, does anybody out there wanna sing a, does anybody wanna sing a a, a duet with me? And my whole touring crew was like, go, go, go. And I was like, oh please stop. Please stop. Please stop. And then I was like, fine, I will. And he was like, come on up, what's your name? And I think I was like, Madeline. And he's like, Madeline, what do you wanna sing? Here are my lists. And I look down and I see Shallow and I was like shallow.


And he was like, really? You wanna do shallow? And I was like, and like I did it and I went, I'm on the deep end, like up there all, it was all old people and families. It was literally like old people and then like moms with four kids who were like tired and like, people like turned around 'cause I was ripping it and I Afterwards, like I just sat down. Literally old people just started standing up and they were like, you have to try out for American Idol. You have to try out. No. And I was like, oh my God, stop. I'm not that good.


And then I went to Orlando and opened for Olivia, Rodrigo the next day. Dude, that fucking man just being like really wanna do this with me. He's like, are you sure honey? You're like, no, but let's fucking Do it. And I was like, I don't know. I'm up here. Right. Hurry up before I fucking leave Dick. That's hilarious though. Like, do you ever get moments like that of anonymity where you get to like, feel like people actually don't know who you are anymore? Do you ever like dress up disguise? I think people are scared of me. Really? I think I made a big enough deal about not talking to me. That people do not talk to me. That's, I think the truth of it all. And I've been, I've been with people, like friends who are like artists and they're like, when they're with me, they're like, it's a force field around us.


People don't come up to me if I'm with you. And I think I'm just like, damn. Say baby, you say it too. You say don't touch me, don't touch me. Don't look at me, don't, don't talk to me. I don't know who you are. And they won't come out to bother you. What a concept That is fucking hilarious though. That other celebrities are like, bitch, look At what you did. It's a forcefield. I I'm not, not just by one person by like three, three or four. Do you love it that you said it? It hurts that I have to, yeah, It hurts. I, I know it really hurts people. 'cause they take it really, they feel like it's me disrespecting them, that I owe it to them.


And that, how dare I call it abuse and it's like, or complaining about success. I get that a lot. But I'm not complaining about success. I'm just complaining about creepy behavior. I love, I love like admiration. Everyone loves admiration. Like, I just don't want you to like interrupt me at like, when I'm having a fight with a girl, my girlfriend like, don't fucking be like, can I get a photo when I'm crying? Crying talking to my girlfriend? That's fucking crazy. You're like, I'm actually in the middle of breaking up with someone or getting cheated on right now. Spare me. Yeah. Take a picture all the way across there of the back of my head and post it.


You know? And it's like, I can't, of course, of course it's gonna take a second to, for people to like really look at themselves and like, I have to have grace for that. Like, I didn't, how would I know any better if I were to see Hannah Montana? I would have to tell her that I, I love her music so much and that like, she means a lot to me. But in reality it's like, no, I don't. Right in your because that's not Hannah right there. That's not Hannah. That's Destiny. Hope Cy. Cy. Anyway, sorry. I fucking love you. Okay. You wrote your song at Pink Pony Club about the Abbey here in Los Angeles.


True or not true? Yes, true. Why are you looking away from me? Have you had your phone stolen there? Have I my Phone stolen at the Abby. I've never gone to the Abbey because apparently Well 'cause you get your cell phone. Yeah. You get a, your phone stolen. Wait, what? It's crazy. I have had three friends whose phone got stolen. Wait, Okay, so tell me about like this the night or the story. Is that the story? Like what is, but tell me about I've never gone to the Abbey because everyone's like, it's not even good anymore. It used to be good. Now it's not good anymore. Okay. Well obviously when I went the night was fucking awesome 'cause I was like, it's like, it was amazing and I just couldn't stop dancing. And I was obsessed with the go-go dancers and the music was so loud and everyone was so hot and making out and I had never seen anything like it.


And I wanted to be a, an like a go-go dancer, exotic dancer after that. And so I was like looking into it and I just was like, I felt like really embarrassed if someone from like a record label were to see me dancing, I would just feel really embarrassed because I don't know, like I just felt really self-conscious. And so instead I wrote a song about me being the dancer. So that's what Ping Pon is about. It's like me being the dancer at the Abbey and like, I am scared to go to the Abbey now because my phone is gonna get fucking stolen And your phone can not get stolen.


I mean, would you care? It's true. No, no. Yes you would? No, I don't care. Real, there's nothing on your fucking phone. They Can't get into it. It's like you're the one that has like the 17 number password, not the four, not the, okay. Yeah. How do you feel about a dance floor? Makeout? I look the other way. Okay. Before you were famous, would you be down or no, I get really uncomfortable, but I am the bitch that makes it on the dance floor. I just like, I am like a hypocrite when it comes to PDA, I'm like, ugh, what the fuck? And then I will like be drunk making out. I've done it with so many different people. It's fun though. It's so fun. If I'm fucked up, like I don't care.


But if I don't really drink anymore, so when I see people making out, like I just laugh, I can't stop Laughing. The only way I feel like for a dance floor makeout is to be drunk or on drugs In WeHo. It's like, it, it's like at brunch, you know, it's not even like, and it's not even a dance floor


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Claude. The, if you know, you know AI assistant that's vibing with millions of people around the world, think of Claude as your pocket AI agony on for dating advice, journaling or as a sounding board for those important life conversations. You can ask Claude to help with almost any task, whether it's crafting you a business plan for that side hustle, giving you style ideas based on photos of your wardrobe or even interior design. Inspo for that awkward corner of your living room. While other AI assistants sound like robots. Claude just gets it. When it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence, basically Claude's a supportive king. You can chat with Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com. Enjoy Daddy Yang.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay, so I went on a trip with all of my girlfriends to Vermont where my best friend was getting married. And we were all gonna figure out like, well, where do we wanna stay? And oh, this place is too far away and if you stay there I won't really get ready with you. And then we decided on an Airbnb and it was the best decision of the weekend because we got this house. All of us stayed there. Matt came, my friends came, my friend brought her boyfriend. And we all were able to feel like we were almost back in college where we were all in one space. We all got to make our coffee together, we got to eat breakfast together, we got to go on walks together. We got to have late night conversations after we went to the rehearsal dinner and the weddings. And it was just the best time because I feel like if you don't stay in an Airbnb, you're not gonna be as close. You're not gonna have those late night conversations. And we as girls, you know, how much goes into those late night conversations. We also had a pool table, which was so fun. The guys ended up playing while the girls were having wine in the living room in front of the fire. Just talking about all the things about life and dating and relationships. You know, a wedding makes you emotional. I told Matt in 2025, my goal is to stay in more Airbnbs wherever we go. If we're exploring a new city culture, learning a new language, traveling, wherever it be, Airbnb is where it's at. So you can really be fully, fully invested in your time and experience all the things that come with that environment. Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only the new city but a new space in the city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are, as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at a local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants, Daddy Gang. And if you wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where guest favorites might inspire you and may create a new tradition for you. So Daddy Gang, as you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. Want a big kitchen, a gym somewhere you can bring your dog. It's my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons. I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


You've gone so many different places. What has been your most like chaotic night out on tour? Or even just like on the road? Probably the night. Tell me Please. One night, one night I thought my bus driver of the tour bus driver was gonna leave without us, was gonna just drive away. And I called like my tour manager and I was like, Hey, something's going on. Like the bus driver's like being kind of weird and like, I think he's really mad.


He's like, just stomp it around. And like, I thought he was leaving. I like, he looked like he was driving away, but then he backed up. I think he's really pissed off at us and I think we should get on the bus. She thought I was kidding. And so she was like, oh yeah, he's going crazy. I heard he, I heard he hit someone and then that, you know, we don't worry about it. Like the cops are on the way. And I was like, holy fuck. And then I got up, I got on the bus, bus driver was nowhere to be found. And I was like, everybody on the bus, get your ca, get your passports and let's get off. Come on. It's literally like the sound team. Like I'm about to start crying. Everyone's drunk.


Like it's so bad. It's like after a show, it's the night before we go to Coachella and I'm like, the cops are coming, everyone get it. Get out, get out. The cops are coming. Get your passports, get something that's important to you and get off the bus. I didn't know my tour manager was kidding. And so then I like, I was so fucked up and I was just crying. I was like, something's really wrong. Like the bus driver's being really weird and we're not gonna be able to make it to Coachella. And my tour manager was like, I was kidding. And I was like, then what's going on Dude? Like, Then what's even going like, but the bus driver's being weird.


What do we do? And she's like, I literally don't, like no one knew what to do. And I was like, I'm just confused. We have to make it Coachella. We have to. And we did. So This poor man like walks out of pee and he is like, why is everyone acting weird? No, That is what fucking happened. He's like, you're Holding your cats in your passports and you're like, he's gonna attack us. Well That's literally what happened. He's like, I'm not gonna attack any, nothing's wrong guys. You're like, oh, okay. I was just so drunk. I was like, he's on a rampage. Everyone get off the bus. Like, sorry sir. We love you drive dude. Dude alcohol can do some weird fucking shit to you. I don't drink anymore. I shouldn't, I, the only time I drank, actually the only time I drank is my birthday night.


I had my birthday. Wait, how did you celebrate? I went to Jumbo's clown room. How Was that? Was that No. Oh, you tell me everything. It's a strip club, but it's not like a, it's very gay. It's like a lot of lesbian vibes. Are you a lap dance girl? Like what are you, what's your vibe at the strip club? They gave me a lap dance and it was fun. Usually those things are really make me uncomfortable, but I was drunk so I didn't care. Classic. And yeah, I rented the whole place out. It was a dream birthday. It was a dream come true. And those girls fucking know how to work a pole. They, the pole does not spin. Like it's not, they do it like it's real. I remember like the last time I was at a strip club, I remember just like staring at them in awe and I was like, I hope they don't think this is creepy.


But like, I'm genuinely just so fascinated by how you're doing that. Because like my neck hurts and my back hurts. Watching you do that, you're fucking incredible. They're iconic athletes. Cheers to the girls. How has your relationship to your sexuality evolved over the years? Obviously I've come into being more comfortable with saying I'm queer with dating women. But I don't know, something like fucked up my sexuality. This, I think like my nervous system is so fried that I can't even feel like flirtatious.


Like it's just too intense to even like be sexual at all. I'm just, it's just too like too sensitive, you Know? Do you want to be or you're not feeling like you're missing anything? No, I do. I want to be, 'cause I think that like, that was a part of myself that was fun. And like I feel like that part of me exists on stage, but off stage it's like, it's this kind of WI kind of reverted back to a very shameful part of myself and how I relate to sex.


Just because it's like when there's so much of you in the world that is exposed then like being sexual with someone is so vulnerable. 'cause the rest of your life is so vulnerable that it's like, it almost is too. I wanted to save something. Like I just don't wanna be that vulnerable with so many fucking people. Do you ever though like resent the Chappell Roan moments? 'cause then you're like, you're saying you're feeling it on stage or like enjoying yourself, you're feeling sexual, then you're going home as Kaylee and being like, I just don't want to enjoy that. Like, are you ever like, fuck am I sacrificing my real moments of being able to find myself and embrace my sexuality for people and my art.


I resent myself for, I resent the job because I can no longer, yes. Sexuality has like is, it's just different now. And like, but I resent not being able to like be a friendly neighbor. 'cause I can't like go out and meet my neighbors and be like, hi, I'm Kaley. I live here. This is what my car looks like. This is what time I'm home and when I'm not, you know. So then people all of a sudden know exactly. It's just a recipe for a stalker situation. So I resent that part of my career path.


There's just so much you don't know that you're signing up for. You don't know that you're signing up that your, your whole your body changes. Yeah, it is like going through puberty. And that's what I was told. I didn't, I didn't really know if that was true, but pop girls were like, it feels like a second puberty. I do think like I what I appreciate about you saying that though is like, I feel like it's important to recognize that your passion for art, the goal is for people to enjoy it because you love it. You want people to, you want people to connect to it. You want people to, to experience it. But that obviously comes then with the fame aspect.


And then fame is the thing that I think people get so frustrated by you saying that, but it's like, no, no, no. Like you're, you love your art. That's not what you're saying. You don't love, you're saying you don't love the thing that comes with that. And I think, yeah, but the beautiful thing is the art. Like what do you think chapel rone would mean mean to young Kaylee? I don't even know if my younger self would be able to register. That is a part of me. Like that's how removed. Yeah. I I I was so, so so like opposite of me now.


Like it just, it just wasn't awoken. Yeah. It like awaken in me, you know? Yeah. Like young Kaylee just felt so restricted because I was so, I was a very, I was a problem child and so angry and so like depressed and just felt like no one understood me. And now that part of me is so alive and I always did want to like dress up and be super girly or be really like tomboy or I just wanted to be free.


But I didn't ever think that it would actually happen. And now that it has, it's like, I don't think she would believe it at all. I don't think she would could ever believe that. Like this is what I do. Yeah. But doesn't that make you now happy? Yeah. It's awesome. It's like, that part is awesome that I really honored my inner child to the max. I think now what it is, is like how do I honor my adult self? Yeah. The max. It's like, I don't know because this is all new and No, but there's no rule.


But there's like every artist, every pop girl, the next move is like a question mark. Yeah. Because Some, some girls put out the first album, had an incredible first album, won a bunch of shit, then take five years off. Some girls go right into it and then they end up releasing something they hate and then they release another album that they love. Like they never stop some just tour for. There is no game plan. Yeah. Of like, how do I make sure I make the right decision? That's so fucking relatable. And obviously the things you're dealing with, there are elements that certain people will never understand.


Just like we may never understand certain parts of each other. Just like people watching this are like, you guys would never understand what I'm going through. But I do think it's relatable to say, and I don't think that you should be criticized for acknowledging that there is an element to your life that is very confusing right now. Mm. And it is okay to be so grateful and also be so fucking confused and angry in moments because that's life. And I think that when someone's sitting in this chair like Chappell Roan, you're supposed to in people's mind, have the answers be grateful, smile, tell us us that this is the coolest fucking thing that's ever happened. 'cause all of us wanna be famous. But then it's like, at what point are we gonna start to realize that so many people that do end up in the spotlight are yelling, like, this is not all that.


It's cracked up to me. Yeah. This shit is hard. We're not asking for you to like, feel so fucking bad for us. But a little bit of empathy goes a long way with human beings. Yeah. I think that's chill to say. Yeah. And I don't think, and and who gives a fuck if at one point they don't understand it? Like, I really like that you are being honest about it rather than smiling and be like, I fucking love my job. Yeah, Alex, everything's good. Like, yeah, you're not robotic. I think it's also people expect me to play by different roles because I'm gay and I should be more politically correct about that and I should actually be way more knowledgeable about it. And so I get asked a lot of fucking crazy questions that a lot of my peers would not get asked.


And that's because I'm gay and that's because like, I have like my opinions, but that doesn't mean I'm like completely like I don't know everything about every topic. I've, I have opinions on like, I don't know everything about like being gay. Like I don't know everything about being a woman. I don't know everything about fucking fashion or drag or performing. Like I try to know everything I can and, but like when I don't answer a question correctly or like, I don't acknowledge one community, it's like, how can I do it all? Like you Can't, How can these girls, how can these girls tour, write, perform, interview, sleep, eat and eat and fucking work out.


And like how, how can they do it all and lead a team and be a boss and pay people and like, and be like fucking so politically educated. It's, It's exhausting. And it's Also impossible. Also, why the fuck are you looking to me for some political answer? You think I have the fucking answer but You're like, listen to my song bitch. Turn it up. Like I'm a pop star. I wish I had the answers. I wish the president was a pop star, but she's not. I feel like something that you just said that is very apparent and I was excited today too, was like this what you're saying, we could do 19 fucking hours on because it's like the double standard of one, you being a woman, two, you being a gay woman.


There's so much that comes with it. And it's like everyone in interviews, like you said, like there's people asking you questions that you're like, I don't fucking know. Yeah. And that's why I'm excited that like, I feel like we, it's been, I'm excited that we're gonna have fun today and we're having fun and talking about more light topics. 'cause it's clear that like you're fucking funny. You're funny. Thanks. I you're, you're a good time. I wanna play a little game. Okay. Okay. This is kind of inspired by your song casual. Okay. Love the song. I'm gonna give you a situationship scenario and you're gonna tell me if it's still casual or not. Are you ready? Yeah.


Okay. They meet your entire friend group. What? Apparently it's so it's casual. Apparently it is. Apparently it's casual. If you meet your parents, apparently. Okay. But you don't want it to be Wait, the parents is fucking crazy Chapel. Apparently. Apparently it's casual. If you sexed for three months. That's fucking crazy. We have you ever brought a new hookup around your friends and they're like, absolutely not.


We do not fuck with this person. Yeah. And then I've dated them for four more years. You're like, love you besties. Fuck. But you not like, yeah. Oh, That's how it goes. It's just, and then when you break up, That's just being stupid. That's like, that is just actually like listen to your friends. Fucking listen to your friends. If your friends are telling you this guy is like weird or this girl is weird. Like something is like off. But you don't, you can't tell really. Then no one's, it's like, it's not bad enough for anyone to tell you anything. Just fucking listen to them. If the vibe is off, it's something is wrong.


Stop seeing them. I know. 'cause your friends like, don't care. Your friends usually aren't trying to fuck you Uhuh. Well sometimes that's, we're moving on. Okay. Casual or not, they make solo plans with you to celebrate their birthday. That's a date. I mean, I guess it could be casual. No, I think, no, that's not fucking casual. The Birthday's Crazy. That's not casual. Thank you. The birthday's crazy. What is a safe gift to get a situationship? Just buy their dinner. Don't, yeah. I don't know. I'm not a gift. Don't make them anything. That's for sure.


Don't fucking make a casual person anything. Yeah, that's fair. I think you can get them like a bottle of alcohol. Yeah. A bottle of alcohol is nice. Probably like not a car. Maybe a card that is Oh, I thought you were Gonna say a car. I'm like chopper. I'm not the girl that, I'm not her a safe gift. I mean, ugh. I don't even wanna think about it. Just buy a fucking meal. Just pay a ticket. Be like, Hey, can I take you out for a movie? Do an experience so you don't have to like, no one hates a stuffed animal more than me. Have you been given many stuffed animals?


That was so dumb. That's So bad. That's so bad. Did you keep them? I think I burned. Oh, I burned a a pile. There was something going on when I was 17. Okay. They start calling you pet names before your official That's like flirty. Oh, pet names like boo boo. Oh. Or like what? Oh, What is the pet name that you, I don't know. What's a pet name that you've been called? What's the cringes pet name that you have ever had called to you or you called someone? Don't lie to me. I don't know what was wrong with me.


Right. It's just gonna give away who it is. I can't do it. It will. Yeah, No, it's fine. It's fine. What do you, I mean, I don't know what is the, I'm maybe like, Obviously they're like babe and baby, but then there's like the weird ones where it's like Cuddle cuddlekins, that type thing. Or like stuff in movies. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That was good. Cuddlekins. I've never heard that. Okay. What is The most extravagant thing you've ever bought? Someone? Probably like Venmo, my brother. $500. I love that we're playing a romantic game and you're like, wait, is it, you're like my brother. I thought, I thought it was in general. That's very romantic.


I said The most. That's actually so Fucking crazy. I said The most romantic thing you've ever done to my My brother. My brother Venmo. Duh. 500 bucks bitch. I mean maybe a Most extravagant gift is pro like writing music for them. I wrote an, yeah, I wrote an entire EP for, for someone. It never came out. What? Yeah. Did they hear it? Yeah, they loved it actually. They didn't love it as much as I thought they would, but like I worked really hard on it and Whatever.


Wait, chapel. Can you walk me through that moment where you're like, I'm gonna show you. How did you tell the person that you had this for them and what was the Reaction? I gave it on a c, I burned it on a CD and I gave them my old CD player and my headphones and I said you should listen to this, this, I made it for you. And then there was like an entire five track ep. Were you in the room when they listened or No? I don't, I don't remember. But I did like write all hand, write all the lyrics and like, it was like honestly awesome. And I think I've never given a gift like that again. 'cause I was so burned by like the relationship.


I'm like, fuck that. I'll never do that again. Bye. How long after did you break up? Like two and a half years later or something like that. Yeah, It was crazy. You would never release one of those songs. They're not good enough. Okay. Okay. You sleep at each other's houses multiple times a week. Apparently. I can't stop saying apparently 'cause I've been in all these fucking situations and like, I don't think so. I think that's like I, that's, I mean I guess it's kind of casual now.


Like three plus times. It's not casual. Yeah, Three plus Two times is like fine. What the fuck ever Like, like a, like a Friday and like a booty call on like a Tuesday. Fine. Do you feel like you're usually in the position where the person you're seeing is in the power position? Or are you in the, I'm getting a little bit of a vibe here. Chapel that maybe you're not Not in power. Yeah. Yes. Because I've been in the past desperate for companionship. So I will go along with what they want.


Relatable And will give up like basically my values and yeah, I would just give away my, I throw away my personality 'cause I don't wanna be lonely and then I get mad at them for like being like, this is casual, whatever, you know? And I'm like, but I threw away my entire personality for this. Like, like I gave up my weekends for this. Like I, you know what I mean? And that's why I'm like bitter about it. But honestly, yeah, it's like next question, I just want you to know that that clip is going to replay in people's mind because that is The most relatable fucking thing anyone has ever said sitting in that fucking chair.


'cause I have done the same fucking thing. This And it's never worth it. Never. And the thing is like all the people that I threw my entire life away, my self-respect. Like I disregarded all my friends. I disregarded all like my gut feelings, I disregarded, you know, what? It never fucking works out, ever. It never works out. Anyone you have to throw anyway. Anything away for it never works out. Or you get married and then you get divorced and you think that'll get better. Better when you get married. But it never does. It only gets worse. Yeah. Rewind to your friends having fucking kids. You said they're in hell, But they're in hell 'cause they love their kids.


Have your friends ever successfully set you up with someone? No. I'm hard. I'm hard. What? Wait. Yes. Oh my god. Yeah. I dated someone for a year 'cause my friend set me up Bad or good decision. I mean, the whole thing was casual, but we dated for a year. That's why I'm saying on this stupid shit. Fuck Yeah. But this is life. Are you kidding me? I've been fucking dragged through the mud by a man and I'm just like, but I still love, you're just you. And it's like dumb bitch. He is literally giving you every fucking sign and more and you're still like, I'm just reading into it. Wrong. He he didn't mean that. Yeah, he did. You're making so you're like, I see the best in them. And it's like, no, you just Stop, stop, stop.


You are disgusting. I look back at my younger self, I'm like, you need to be done. Go fucking celibate. You didn't know. I know. It's so fucking sad. No. Wait. Are you a good wing woman? Like in the sense of Helping your friends like find people? No. No. Okay. I don't wanna try. I don't try. I'm not, I don't wanna ever set anyone up. I think people should be single. Okay. I'm assuming you're single right now. Imagine you're like, I'm actually so in love. Imagine you fucking look at me and you go two years in. Babe. Never even better we are you single.


No you are fucking lying. Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Patron. 100% additive free tequila. You know what Daddy Gang, when I think about all the good things in life, there's a lot of good things. But most of the, if not, no. Not even most all of the good things in life don't need artificial additives. And neither does Tequila baby. Okay.


Every single bottle of Patron is 100% additive free, crafted with simple ingredients. We love to see it. Okay. 100% Weber Blue Agave water and thyme. Because when your tequila is this good, nothing else is needed. When you think of tequila, you think of Patron Daddy Gang. It is 100% additive free tequila. It has no secret sweeteners, extracts, or coloring. Their secret ingredient is that they have no secret ingredients. And that is why I love Patron, patron Silver, patron Reposado, patron Anejo and Patron Cristino are distilled and age to perfection with zero extra ingredients.


So Daddy Gang, when you are going to make yourself a little cocktail, whatever you're doing, maybe it's date night, maybe you're going out with the girls, whatever it is, patron 100% additive free tequila. Learn more@www.patrontequila.com. That's www.patrontequila.com. The perfect way to enjoy Patron is responsibly copyright 2025, imported by the Patron Spirits Company, coral Gables, Florida Tequila, 40% A BV


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. Now is your time to build on a hobby or establish a global empire. And while the entrepreneurial path is never linear, Shopify will have your back at any stage, no matter how many detours you encounter on the journey. Daddy Gang, I have talked about how Shopify has been truly so integral to my personal business. And anyone out there that is on a new venture or is in the middle of their venture and you're trying to figure out how you can get to that next level, it is Shopify. Shopify is a commerce platform that allows you to start, grow, and manage a business. It can be as simple as a side hustle or a multimillion dollar fundraiser. The cool thing is that Shopify is behind so many brands. Millions of people in over 170 countries are selling online and in person using this platform. And you can too. There are tons of fun themes to choose from and it's easy to use drag and drop, edit. You can even tag and sell your products globally and across all social media platforms where the customers are. Shopify. Thank you so much for being such obviously a huge part of my business. It has made it easier. Daddy Gang. I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is how to delegate and not take everything on my back and on my shoulders. And Shopify has been that go-to for me when I am selling product. They make it easy and they make it a great good experience. So Daddy Gang, it's time to build your brand. Head to Shopify dot com slash daddy to see how easy it is to start your business. Today.


We Are you single? No. You are fucking lying. No, you're lying. You are fucking lying to me right now. Chapel. How long? Six months Is it? Casual. No Serious. It's serious. It's serious. How does that make you feel? I'm very in love, but I am pro single. Everyone should be single. I'm serious. Be single. Stop dating. Be single. Have a great time alone. Find out for yourself if you can a hundred percent be okay alone before you date.


That's what I found out. I had a great time when I was single and now and I know that I will be okay. And now I have an awesome time that I'm with someone like, How'd you meet? I'm like, rewind bitch. You can't just drop that shit and be like, but anyways, be single and and next question. I love being single, But You're not. It's awesome. But I, even if I was, I'd Be okay. Being single is The most incredible time in your life to actually be so fucking selfish so that the next time you get into a relationship, you know you're like, I'm never gonna put up with this anymore. Because guess what? Doing this shit by myself is better. So unless you're making my life better, fuck right off. Okay, come on.


What's the question? How did you meet Through a friend but it wasn't a setup. Okay. Just Like, yeah. I was just like at a, Who made the first move? Me. I'm usually the one who make I like in every circumstance I make the first move. Can you explain to me how you start the dating process with someone? Like are they, are you having to have them come over to your house? Are you going on in public? I haven't dated someone since like this all like really, really blew up. Yeah. Like before I became, I'm, I'm dating the same person that I was dating before I got like, it blew up big.


Okay. So I'm not sure how I would date now. Okay. I think it would actually be a nightmare. I think I would be like so fucking single right now. Yeah. 'cause you're terrified of their intentions. I'm scared. I'm scared. I don't trust, I don't trust anyone. I just think in my head I'm like any new person that I am texting, I'm like, I'm assuming they will screenshot this and like send it to someone else. That's like why I can't. You're like, I guess we're getting married. No, I know. Lucky for you. Yeah. How would you describe your type? I really don't have one. I know everyone's not that, but like, I don't know.


I love, I just love as far as like looks and stuff. I don't really really have a type, but I love art Girls. Like weird art girls. Girls who love to read and love to like, who are of like very niche. Like I probably like a girl that collects things and like is okay with an exotic pet. Owned a hamster one time and would own one again. Or like doesn't give a fuck about their car, will pick up. A worm is not scared of like bugs and snakes can get down. Watching a foreign film would be okay.


Like having zero plan. So like have you ever taken the Enneagram test? I have. And I cannot tell you what my fucking number is 'cause I did it so long ago. I think I'm an eight. Are you gonna walk out on me? I'm an eight. No, That's rare. I remember taking, everyone thought I was gonna be a two. What the fuck is A two? And You're an eight. I'm an eight. That's iconic. Do you like me more now I, I am. You're gonna say you love me? Yeah. We're both eights. What Does, I mean, I was like a seven. A seven is someone who's like the enthusiast. Like someone who's just like, woo party. I just wanna have a good time. And like Maybe that's what I am.


The enthusiast. What's an, what's an eight called The Challenger. I'm the challenger. That's me Dude. That's me. What the fuck? That's cool. That's why I'm like pointing at people on the red carpet. I'm like the challenger. Okay, good to know. What is the boldest thing you've ever done to shoot your shot with someone? Send a nude, I guess. I don't know. Just be like, we'll be talking like regular and I'll be like, that was one time, another time. Oh, this was so Fucked. This was so fucking Stupid.


I do not think, I'm like actually not proud of this ex-boyfriend's at the club. I'm At the club. I see him hitting on this girl and I'm like, why the fuck is he doing this in front of me? This is evil. Like, we're both single at this point. So whatever. He goes to the bathroom, I Go up to this girl and I'm like, I think you're so pretty. And then I steal her and then at the end of the night we were just making out and he's just, just standing there.


That's weaponizing gay? No, actually no Chapel. That is, that's Evil. That's called being evil. And it's like I was so fucked up. I was on multiple drugs. So was that girl, he, I don't even know what he's on. Like, and that girl like her name was something crazy. It was like Prince Lee or something like that. My god. It was crazy. Did you, did you, were you even into her or were you just Like, yeah she was so pretty And then, yeah and then I threw up outside and I was like, actually this is so dumb. Like what am I doing? Did you wake up the next morning with the scaries or were you like victory?


I was just like, yeah, shame on you. You weaponized gay. I will never do that again. Okay. But it made for a good fucking story on Call Her Daddy. Yeah. Do you have any immediate deal breakers? Car shit? Yeah. You really, this car shit is not Something happened to me. I don't, yeah. What the fuck? Something happened to me. Jesus Bad. Brett chew with their mouth open is great. Gray people who are who like don't tip. Oh My God, that freaks me out. Or treat, if they treat their weighter bad, I will never talk to them the same. And I feel like people always, whenever people are like, oh that's a like obvious.


But I'm like, no. But I feel like when it's rare, but when it happens, it is like so fucking crazy. And you sit there and you're like clenching your body. Like you hear about this in the movies and it's fucking happening in front of my eyes. Get the fuck out of here. You freak. I don't like that. I don't like when they talk about their exes badly or their, the women in their family badly. I don't date men anymore, but that was like a common thing. Isn't that crazy? It was like talking shit about their mom, about their sister. Yeah, dude. It's like I'm sensitive to smells though.


But I'm thinking about immediate deal breakers. I don't know dude. Like I think their music taste says a lot. What would turn you off? Like if someone doesn't like Beyonce, I'm like, that says a lot more than what I need. You know what I mean? Is there anything that they could be into that you're like, no, you're like, you can't say it. I can't say that. Okay. Let's talk about your new song, the Giver. What is the story behind it? Well, I was just, my God, I'm so annoyed with literally just the boys when I grew where I grew up.


Like just like literally talking about having sex with these girls and how like the girls loved it so much. And like I think about me and how performative I was and like how actually, like when I started to having sex with women, I didn't really even know what to do because I was so used to performing like everything just like so performative and, and I think about hooking up with women compared to men and like how much women give to their partner instead of like with men, I just, obviously I was dating some not awesome people, but what the common denominator was like they could not get it through their head.


Like what they're doing, like wasn't right. And even if I was being like, I don't think that feels good. They were still doing it, but at that point it's on me. It's like, bitch, just break up. What is wrong with you? But the fact that I have dated so many guys who do it wrong and don't really, they haven't figured out that they need to do better. That they need to give more the giver. What I'm saying in the song is, these country boys are not gonna give you what you need if you want to have an orgasm. Which a lot of ladies don't.


Apparently. No, no, I didn't. I didn't care about it my whole life obviously until I met women. And so it was like such a like, holy fuck, I'm gonna write the giver about showing that actually sex should be a giving experience. And it's of course we love the Kinky Girls. Of course we love the Doms, we love the, the subs like love. But there's still a give and there's still a giving, whatever. So I wrote the Giver about that, just about like, I think specifically in femme relationships, it's such an understanding that it is so a giving give.


You know, It's mutual. It's, yeah, it, and I just feel like when I was with men, it wasn't mutual. I'm like, how, how did you date me for four years? And you weren't concerned that I did an orgasm? Not once again, it's on me like booboo, you decided to stay in that relationship. But it's like I, if I could not get my girlfriend there, I would do everything. I would do anything however long. I don't care. I would do anything. Why did they not do anything? Why didn't they want to do anything? Why didn't they wanna do everything?


For me, We just start crying. I do everything for my girlfriend, you know? No, it's so fucking sad. I was in the same position. I stayed in a relationship and I literally would just lay there and be like, I think he actually thinks he's hitting the clit. And like he's at like the bottom of my labia. Like he But do you tell him to go up? I in moments would, but I would find like, it's fucking hard. 'cause then they shut down and then they're like, and then it's like, oh my god, I'm so sorry. Like your little fucking ego, you piece of shit. But no, then, then you're just like, Jesus Christ. And then you're like, I literally would like go in the shower and just fucking masturbate. Yeah. Like, God bless me in America.


Yeah. Fuck. But then eventually I started to get fucking vocal towards the end of like, if you can't fucking find it in 30 minutes, this is, I I gotta go. Yeah. Then it is kind of on you. When I started hooking up with women, I realized how easy it is actually. Thank you. I realized how easy it is to eat a girl out. And how this whole time I thought it was your neck hurts so bad. I Oh, it's like hard. My jaw hurts. You know what's hard sucking dick? Eating a girl out. You can lay down.


It's, it's actually, I was fooled. I was foolish to think that. Of course it wasn't as hard as what I was doing for them. Of course it wasn't. That's why I would never do anal because I was like, then let me peg you. They would be like, oh, no way. Why not? We just try. Let me peg you and then we can, maybe we'll try, Right? Like, let's uno reverse. We both if you wanna do it, I wanna do it. And then they're like, no, no babe. Babe. What? That's one thing that we both have. We both have that type, we both have that hole.


Figure it out. But when I started hooking up with women, I was like, fuck you guys. This is one enjoyable, first of all. Finally. Second of all way, way easier. It's actually fucking crazy. It's actually fucking crazy. So what, you can't find the clit work harder. It may take 10 minutes longer. That's fine. I was always confused why my boyfriends didn't wanna go down. Like, because They're just so fucking selfish. Is that what it is? Yeah. Or do you think that, do you think that men don't actually like vulvas?


I think they do you Think they do like Them? I think they do. I think they're terrified of their masculinity being threatened if they don't really know what to do. 'cause they're so fucking dumb. So then they just are like, I guess it's different with certain men. Have you Hooked up with a woman? No. Should I? Yeah. First of all, Yes, Matt. But like, sorry to cut you off. No, You're, I'm, I'm just saying I think that there's a different level of men depending on how fucking toxic masculinity they're working with. 'cause I think some men are just like, I'm not fucking doing that. Then other men are like, I really want to try. But then they need to be taught. But their ego has to be intact for them to be taught.


And then it, they can be taught, trust me, they can be taught Sucking dick. You only do one thing. Sometimes you can get crazy, but really it's only one, one type of motion. Vulvas are so different and so intricate that it's hard. It's harder. It's harder to find a clitoris and do exactly what a someone with a clitoris likes than sucking a dick. That's completely fair. 'cause it's like you have to also stay at the certain pace. It's, they're gonna like, it's a whole Some. Yeah. Like it's, it is a lot more complicated. But like, I am just confused.


Why? Like, I'm just confused. I'm, you know what? I'm confused by myself for staying and settling. I think that's fair. I think a lot of people are. Do you like to give first or receive first and with your partner? Give first. Okay. PDA Or keep it private. Don't fucking do that. Okay. Don't actually legit don't. Okay. I just got like really stressed out. FaceTimes or phone calls. I like both. Okay. I like both. A lot of like, I feel like a lot of Gen Z is just FaceTime instead of call. Yeah. But like I, I like both. Yeah. Depending on the vibe. Yeah. Late night or morning sex.


Late night. Late night. Make the first move or be pursued. Make the first move Back in the day. Drunk sex or high sex? God, both are awesome. But I probably high sex now. Yeah. Agree. Wand or rabbit? I do not fuck with rabbits. I don't fuck with like a lot of 'em honestly. What is your favorite, I guess Wand. Wand or like the little have the the rose thing, but it's not the rose. I was gonna have you tried the one that like pulsates and it's like the womanizer thing.


Yes. They kinda just like pulsates on your clit. It's the best fucking thing ever. Yes. I use it like every time I have sex Work. That is like what is also so different about what, for me? Yeah. It's like for some reason a lot of men that I've been with have been really uncomfortable with me using toys. But like, I think it's like a, a given with a lot of like gay sex. So it's kind of awesome that that's not even like an issue. I think that every single person should be able to bring toys into the bedroom. And if your partner doesn't let you, he's a little fucking bitch boy. Okay. I promise we're wrapping up. Just a couple more questions I wanna just talk to you about.


Obviously your career has been fucking insane this year. Like, I, I don't even have words to describe it. And with so much of that comes like what we've been, we were talking about earlier of just like pressures and things that you don't know how to handle. Like have any female artists in the industry ever reached out to you to offer support in all of this? Yeah. Like almost every girl. Wow. Yeah. It's really awesome. What piece of advice do you think has helped you The most in all of this? Sad, it feels like puberty. It's like everything is gonna change and everything is gonna hurt and everything is gonna be uncomfortable now.


And that like, there is a way to make life bearable again. And just like Katy Perry literally was so straight up, she was like, just don't read the comments goodnight. And she like, when she came up to me at Brat, that's so Katie at Sweat at the sweat tour. She's like, just don't, don't read the comments honey. Bye-bye. She just like hopped off and I was like, actually, yeah. Like, yeah. Why am I doing this to myself? And she is so like, these women have fucking done it like, and are still doing it.


And the way they're still doing it is by Ultimate protection. And another, I mean, the best piece of advice was spend more than you're comfortable with on security. That's the thing you don't realize. You don't realize how many people are watching you when you don't realize they are like, everyone wants some people, some people want me dead. Like it's crazy. People know everything about me. People know my flight numbers. People know everything. That was the crazy part. It happened literally overnight. Like I landed, like I, everything was normal.


Yeah. Did Gov Ball. It was fine. I was walking around New York, I was getting stopped, you know, like, oh my God, la la la and I was like, oh, thank, he, he, he. Then I do Fallon fly back the next day from Fallon land at the airport. There is someone waiting for me at my gate and this has never happened before. And I was like, oh, what? I was like, how did you get in here? And like, they had like my album and stuff and they had bought a ticket to get through TSA just to get to my gate. And then like when I got to baggage claim, there were five people waiting, so literally overnight. And then it, it like happened so much after that.


And it, like stuff has been happening like that since. The feeling of being watched is the weirdest fucking thing. I get. Why It's addictive though. It's adic, it's addictive to walk in and know that everyone's looking at you and that everyone's saying that's addictive. Fame is so addictive. I get it. I get why people want this forever. Do you have like moments where you're like, holy shit, am I too in it right now? Like, do you ever have moments where you try to pull back? Whether it's like, I need to pull back on public appearances a little bit. Like I need to fucking be in a reality for like, just a little bit more before I push, push myself back into it.


Well that's why I do like stuff like this. 'cause it's fun. Yeah. Doing stuff that's soul sucking is actually where I lose myself. Yeah. So if I'm like, I can do my job, but as long as it's fun, then I feel like I haven't lost myself. But what feels like I'm too in it is when I start caring about numbers, when I start caring about charts, when I start caring about checks, when I start caring about like, well what is she doing? Oh, she's doing that much touring. Okay, let's add some more. It's like, that's when I'm not in reality anymore. Because like, actually the only thing that matters is like, I go out on stage and like make like me smile and then some other people smile and then I get off stage and pay my rent and that's it.


Tell me if you have to in just like a, one of the accomplishments or just a moment from this past year that you're The most proud of. I mean, the VMAs were so awesome. I had a great time. I had a great time at the Grammys. Like, I think I'm real. What I'm really, what I'm actually most proud of myself for is like, dang, I didn't, I didn't bend at the knee. I did not kiss the ring. That's actually what I think I'm The most proud. I did not do like, I did not jump through the hoops that I was told I had to, to get a fucking Grammy or like, I did not have to kiss the ring of what?


Whoever like I just, you either like me as I am or don't invite me to a party or don't invite me to an award show or don't expect me to. Like, I don't know, I, I'm very, I'm most proud of myself for doing what makes me feel like a good person over what is The most, how can I get The most money, you know? Like I turn, I just wanna feel like a good person. I don't care about anything else in this world.


Like that's my deepest fear of all time. In my heart of hearts, my deepest fear is feeling a bad person in doing everything I can to be a good person and then still realizing I'm actually bad. But that's some Christian guilt there. Dude, growing up Catholic, I was like, yeah, you can't, you can't shake it. It's fucking hard. Favorite song to perform. I Like making karma. Love. Who is your dream artist to collaborate with? Scissor. Fuck. That would be good. You started off 2025 winning a Grammy. Can you tease anything else to the Daddy Gang of what is to come this year?


Oh, the Giver is not the only song. I will say that. And girl, you know I'm gonna be coming out with looks for the for the festivals. Chappell Roan, thank you so much for coming and Call Her Daddy. Thank you for having me, Dude, this is such an honor. You blew me away. Like one of the best interviews ever. Oh my God. You're fucking insane. No, you're insane. Like no. And you are. You are. And good vibes. Thank you. I like Your questions.


Thanks to Libe by Eve St. Laurent for sponsoring today's episode, make a statement with Leb Lnu, the fragrance that sets you apart. Shop now at Sephora.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that Call Her Daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast. To start your free trial today.


Hi, this is Steve Emi. You know the actor. Well now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work entertainment and campsite media. In association with all of productions. Comes big time an Apple original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who isn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, who Steals bees? I was duped. I shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen On Apple podcasts,


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justice is within reach. Tap the banner or visit i uud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Ever since switching to T-Mobile, something weird has been happening. I get to cut lines. Oh right this way. Who me? I can stream shows at 30,000 feet and I was able to buy reserve tickets for my favorite band. It's not just you with T-Mobile, everyone can get VIP status. That means access to exclusive events and experiences just for being a customer. At T-Mobile VIP means YU. Check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.