
Daddy Gang. What's up? Fuckers. It is your father. I am here to feed you. You guys are always asking for more content and so I present to you another podcast episode one of Extra Dirty. You guys just listened to Halle Batchelder on Call Her Daddy, and now she's officially launching her own podcast. I am so excited for you guys to go on this journey with Halle. I am obsessed with her. She has the craziest stories. She lives in New York City and I just know it is about to be a wild ride. So enjoy. Sit back, relax, and maybe have a cocktail for this one. Listen to the first episode of Extra Dirty. Enjoy


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing Details. Exclude civic si and Ty r.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement, bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


Hi, my little fucking freaks Having little fuck. Okay guys, I'm doing something really fucking stupid right now. We have an emergency debrief situation. Hi, this is Halle from the Streets of New York guys, I had every intention of staying in last night. Welcome to my podcast. Welcome to Extra Dirty. I'm so fucking excited to be here with you guys. I know it's taken a minute. I know it's taken a long minute, but guys, perfection takes time. I was gonna come out with something that's like fucking shitty and like I would have to redo and like it was kind of ass like whatever.


I wanted this to be perfect for you guys. Like I was just being a woman of the people at this point. Okay? This podcast is gonna be so graphic, so horrendous, so dirty, so slutty. You're gonna look at me so differently. Please keep your AirPods on when you're listening to this podcast. I will say, do not listen to it at church. Do not listen to it at a classroom. Do not listen to it in front of your parents unless your dad is single. Please for the love of God, strap in. We're gonna have a fucking fun time. I'm so happy to be here. It's gonna be epic. I like might get canceled, okay, but if I do get canceled guys, I wanna be canceled for like a really hot, controversial like athlete or maybe some like hedge fund guy that's gotten arrested.


I don't know, like something interesting but like not too deep. We'll get into that later. But anyways, welcome to Extra Dirty. This podcast will not only be extra dirty, but probably most of the time I'll be still like living on the fumes of my night before as I've consumed like a hundred extra dirty martinis. Like they'll still be in my system as I sit here and talk to you guys. If you guys don't know me, you know, I kind of just like fell into social media. I started posting on TikTok like a year, a year and a half ago. And honestly I was just making that platform more of like my private story honestly. I was like, no one's like being honest on this fucking platform. Like no one's like telling the truth or like showing any flaw at all.


Everything's just like a perfect little like clean girl athetic image of what their life is and that is just not what life's about. Life is fucking rough. Anyways, all that shit was very short formatted content and I was like, I feel like I could yap for hours about like what's going on in my mind. So here we are, another fake blonde with a podcast, I apologize, but like here we are. Like I'm not that mad. I feel like on TikTok, I'm so like ambiguous, like what's going on with my like love life. I'm very good about like, you know, dropping little hints there and here. Like I definitely sleep around and I make that known, but I'm never like name dropping. I'm not like a fucking weird freak. So the thing is like with what I do and like me just talking and doing like debriefs online, like I have a lot of men being like, I wanna stay as far away from this bitch as humanly possible because at fear I might talk about them online, I will.


But like I'm only gonna talk about you if you gimme something, like to talk about usually like these men, they like piss me off and they think they can do whatever. Hi, sorry, I'm here to talk about it. Why not? So what is going on in my love life right now? My most recent conquest, I call them conquests. 'cause what else are they? I made the mistake of hooking up with this man. He was in the entertainment industry, which by the way stay as humanly far. Oh wait, am I in the, wait, I'm considered. This is the entertainment industry, right? Pro. Yeah, pro. Oh fuck. He was in the entertainment industry and like red flag number one, I feel like those men are just super narcissistic.


Their egos are bigger than my fake hits. Like it's just a lot of narcissism. Let's call him Old Spice. I'm gonna give a code name for the man. Let me wet my whistle before I tell this fucking story. Asmr. Ah, also guys, look at my coaster. It says cock. All right, let's talk about it. Okay, so I met this guy, we got introduced in the middle of the summer, whatever, and he was fucking hot. Like he was sexy. And honestly, I don't regret a fucking thing because of how sexy he was. And I'm the type of girl that I see a Hawkeye and say, we connect. I will sleep with that man that night. And I don't feel bad about that. I feel like that's pretty normal, but just no one says that.


Like that's okay. And I don't see why that's frowned upon. I feel like that's good work ethic. Like you see your pre go get it. Like go get it. So anyways, we met. He wouldn't sleep with me upon first meet, which is probably a green flag for him. I'll give him that. Probably a red flag for me that I was super pissed off about it. So I never thought I'd see this man again. Anyways, I get a phone call like two days after. I mean I had never thought I would talk to this man again and I missed two phone calls like from this man. I was like, okay, some he must got like in a car accident. I don't know what happened. So I go, was everything okay? Like I was in the middle of moving whatever. And he was like, no, I just want to hear your beautiful voice. I'm like, this voice, this vocal fry. You gotta be fucking kidding me.


From then on we started talking. He would call me for like two hours every night and I don't talk on the phone. I'm also like a horrible fucking texter, like text me if you're making plans or if someone died or if a baby was made. But other than that, like please do not bother me. So anyways, we would talk on the phone because this man was fucking hot. So we would talk on the phone for two hours a night and he would tell me all these stories. He'd be like, what's your hobbies baby? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I was like, hobbies? I don't have fucking hobbies. I go out, I like drink a little and then I do what I need to do to make money and then I watch reality TV and rock in peace. But anyways, he called me up and he goes, I wrote this beautiful short story about you and you were my muse.


And I'm like, what the flying fuck are you talking about? But anyways, obviously I want to hear the story guys. The story was The most insane thing I've ever fucking heard of. Honestly, I hope it goes into production because what? So this is the story you told me. He goes, so like this couple, they meet on a farm. This guy works at a gun range. He teaches people, I'm just giving you guys the bullet points. He teaches people how to shoot guns essentially whatever. They get set up, they go on a date and she's like, what do you do? He's like, I shoot guns. She's like this prim and proper bitch. And she's like, oh, like I hate guns. Like I'm so scared of guns, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. They fall in love, whatever. He goes to work and she starts like stealing the guns out of his cabinet and starts like fucking herself with a gun.


And I was like, I don't understand how we got, how am I the muse? I was like, how? How am I the muse to this fucking story I do not understand? But anyways, this girl is stealing this man's guns, taking 'em outta the cabinet and using them as a big fucking massive rifle dildo. I was like, okay, continue. The end of the story is he walks back into his apartment or his ranch, I don't know, they're on a fucking ranch and she's fucking herself with the fucking massive rifle. And he's like, what the fuck? And she's like, oh my god. Caught off guard and accidentally pulls the trigger and blows her head off through her body out of her head. I was like, oh, he likes me.


Oh my God. I was like, what the actual fuck? It was the weirdest thing ever. But honestly, me being the person I'm demented to in the head, I was like, this might be a match May in heaven. Anyways, he invites me, let's call it Canada. He invites me to Canada. Okay, I'm beautiful old Canada. I go, okay, let just grab my bar, let's go. And I stay out there for like a week or so and we eventually, like the first night we didn't hook up, but he brought me to this weird ass three hour cinematic movie masterpiece and then just drops me off my hotel. And I was like, I did not fly and take a kayak and a train in a buzz and roller skates to get here for you to not fuck me.


So now I was pissed like, and I was like, what is this? Like I feel like I was getting punked. I was waiting for production to pop out with the little cameras and be like, what the flying fuck? But no, the next day he was like, I have to build rapport with someone before engaged in sexual activity. And I was like, okay, like we get it. Like take your pants off. I don't, it was getting frustrating just because I was like, I didn't spend all this money and fly all this way. All right, you paid for the hotel, but I didn't spend all this money and fly all this way for us to not be doing cartwheels in your bedroom. So anyways, the second night and all the nights from there on, we ended up hooking up and it was fucking crazy. Like he had studio grade bondage equipment in his drawers that looked like they had tags on him.


I like, I don't know if he went to Home Depot and purchased all this for me like, oh my god, I was so flattered, but hold hell, this man hat put me in a hog tie. Do you know what a hog tie is? Production? Yeah, you know what it is like? It's like, Hold on my phone. So he had me like this. It's a picture like, oh, So it's like this and it was like that. Okay,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit, when you're working out, I don't know for you guys, but like I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to work out in and look great in everyday life. You need to check out their performance jogger part of Yuri's dream knit collection. The performance jogger is great for stretching or lounging. It is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance joggers, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends what are you putting up on top and then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay, so if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts or even just for lounge, Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her daddy. That's VUOR i.com/ Call Her Daddy. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


So he had me in a hog's tie like this and I couldn't move. And then he had this extension bar like, you know how you put like shades up or whatever. It's like a pole they put in between your legs. I don't know what this angle looks like by the way. So he put this pole between your legs and if you move your legs a little more out, you can't go back in. So I dislocated my hip. I literally think I tore my ACL, but it was the craziest, I honestly, I would do it again. Honestly, Mr. Old Spice, you can call me anytime, you'll always have a seat at my table. But anyways, that ended tragically for a plethora of reasons for me, long distance, there's just like, I feel like a physical aspect of a relationship is so important.


Yes, the emotional connections also fine, but also I just don't think I have enough emotional maturity. I'm very self-aware, but like I'm very toxic and I guess like I have very low emotional iq. So I just think long distance for me wouldn't work because I would be plotting how to pick fights with someone that's in a different time zone, like all day long. Just for like my own entertainment. I don't think it was the right fit. Not because he was the wrong person. I think I just have like a lot of growing to do, which you'll probably see on this podcast like I'm probably gonna come off as a fucking mess most of the time. I'm not gonna tell you like this is how you should be doing things.


Honestly. If anything, this is how you should not be doing things maybe, but it's entertaining and it's the truth. Enough of that nonsense guys. Let's go back into the nitty gritty. I wanna get into my childhood, the origin story. People need to understand the lore, the true lore. How did I become this product? And honestly, a lot of it goes back to childhood. A lot of people don't know this. As a child, I was super fucking chubby. Like it was really cute, but like not during the time period where sugar lips were really popular. I was the youngest in my grade, the last to hit puberty, like all of that stuff. So I remember like all my friends were like so petite and skinny and blah blah blah.


And I was this like chunky monster like little chunk with a boy haircut because you know, my mom has a really short, cute little pixie haircut and we thought that would look really cute on me. It doesn't look really cute on a 9-year-old, that's a little obese also. Like maybe don't get that right before you attend an all girls Catholic school. I remember my first day, fifth grade, I walked into the school and Mr. Fucking helm, yeah, shout out Mr. Helm, I'll always remember this. He goes, oh, where's your sister? Fuck you Mr. Helm. Like that stayed with me forever. I was super chubby. So honestly I felt like the way I was able to make friends was through like being funny.


I feel like my sense of humor had to carry because my looks weren't like people weren't my friend because I was like this hot, cute little like thing. Wait, is that weird to say? About a 9-year-old? I don't like, I was like not a popular girl. I wasn't popular because I was like pretty, I was popular because I was funny and I was kind and I was able to make friends with everyone. But I remembered in eighth grade was when I first got really skinny. We had a little bit of an eating issue there. I got really thin and it was the first time boys recognized me. It was the first time I made friends with like the cool girls in my grade. So from that point on, I attributed like being super thin to having value as a person, someone that you could be friends with, which started this whole other fucking series of drama.


We'll get into that on another date. But yeah, anyways, high school. I had one boyfriend, he was at the brother. I went to an all girls Catholic school. Like how fucking ironic that is. I'm sitting on a podcast called Extra Dirty and I went to an all girls Catholic school for eight years. PSA to all the parents watching Don't Send your child to an all girls Catholic school. It's like caging a wild animal and then releasing them into college. Like I turned ho because of that. The thing that is interesting about like the all girls Catholic school lore is like I went to that school for eight years. I'm not even Catholic. I don't even, I'm Protestant, I'm a CEO, I'm a Christmas, Easter only type of bitch. Okay? Like that church.


Like a church. He hates to see me coming like trust me on that. Like I've literally had sex in a church parking lot. Like I am not like your typical Catholic school girl. Maybe like the kind of Catholic school girl you see in Pornos, but like I'm not your typical like prim and proper like Blair Waldorf type of bitch. Like that's just not who I am. But it was a great school, it was a private school. I wasn't a great student. I was like probably a B average student just because I didn't give a fuck. I didn't put like my whole pussy into like academics, which is fine. Whatever happened in the great war of 19 na da da, like I'm not using that right now as I sit on this couch. I just feel like there was no need for me to really dive into academics.


I mean it works for some people, but it just, it wasn't my thing. Okay. Anyways. My parents weren't very strict. I mean I think some of you have seen my dad online, like I post 'em a lot on my TikTok. He is me personified. Like I, the apple does not fall far from that tree. He's fucking funny. He's so unserious and he's like like a little cringey but like in a fucking funny way, which I think I am too, to be honest. And then my mom is like the complete opposite. They're in like in a rockstar relationship, you have to have a rock and you have to have a star and you both need each other for the whole machine to be well-oiled. I feel like that's super important for a relationship. Like I don't wanna date someone that has a bigger ego than me.


Like we would kill each other. I think we would act like it would be on like the Daily Mail, like we would kill each other. But yeah, they weren't strict at all. My mom was more of like the emotional support. My dad is more of like the financial support. He still is. Shout out dad for this beautiful apartment. I love you so dearly. Thank you. Oh my god Dad, I love you. You're my favorite. When I think about it actually, have I dated more rocks are more stars. The men I've dated are fucking, no offense duds. And then they would like cheat on me. I remember my first boyfriend, he cheated on me while I was in rehab for an eating disorder. So it's not like I could have break out the cage and go like confront him about it.


I was dealing, I wasn't like I was in knitting class. I don't like, I couldn't deal with his bullshit. He was cheating on me with my like best friend's twin. And I was knitting and coloring inside the circles and like my little kumbaya group trying to heal myself and he was out there like playing me. I was like after that, didn't trust any men. Even if they're a rock or they're star men just suck in general. I don't know, I'm still figuring out. It's a whole thing. Going back to my parents, they are amazing. They're like my best friends. I feel like as I've gotten older, I've appreciated spending so much time with them. Like I like look forward to hanging out with them. They're way cooler than I'll ever be, but they're great people.


But no, they were not strict, honestly. I think they just sent me to the all girls private Catholic school so they can get me into a good college. And my dad's rich. So like I feel like he could afford the private school. I don't, I don't know guys. Yeah, you're gonna have to ask him when he's on the podcast, he always used to say 42 5 down the drain, which was my tuition. Like per year he'd be like 42 5 down the drain. I would say like something dumb or like uneducated or just like, I can't believe this is the product I've made. He'd be like 42, 5 down the drain. Fuck. Like I've created a monster. It's his fault. We go to Bergdorf together. Like he brings me there like it's not like I am going alone.


He comes with me and he approves of every purchase. Not only does he approve of every purchase, he picks things out. So speaking of my dad, he does commercial real estate development. He fucking absolutely crushes it. He like really wanted me to be in it just because their personality types are so similar. At one point in time when I had first moved to New York City, I had literally no idea what I wanted to do. This is before social media. I had no job and I was luckily able to get away with that for some time. I would host this here and there in the summer on Nantucket, but for The most part I was not doing anything during the year. So my parents were like, you need to get a job. Like you like this is like you're 24 years old. Like I don't know what the fuck you're doing with yourself.


And also at the same time, I really wanted a new rack. Like I really wanted a new tits. So I told my mom, I was like, mom, like I think I need new tits. They kind of look like a rock and a sock. Like my weight really fluctuated and like, like picture a rock and a sock. It's kind of like, you know, it's like not cute. So I was like, all right, I need a new chest. And my mom's like, we'll pay for it if you get your real estate license. So I was like kid in a candy shop, I was like pen to fucking paper. I was like, I got my real estate license within two weeks. I think it was honestly a world fucking record. I got that shit so quickly. At the same time I was seeing this billionaire and he was, oh my god, this is, he's gonna be a whole chapter of this podcast.


But I'll go a little into the, 'cause he kind of goes into this story. He called me from London one morning and he was like fucked up 7:00 AM there and I, I was like so head over heels over this man. He was like 15 years older than me, like hedge fund daddy saw like he was checked all the boxes. Besides the fact he was like a Peter Pan man, like this man is never going to grow up, never wants to grow up, has a lot of money, can get any fucking bitch he wants. He's also like semi attractive. I miss him. He was fun. All I am getting distracted. So anyways, at the same time he also thought I needed new tits. Honestly I think he planted the seed, which is kind of fucked up.


But like he was like, I'll pay for them. He was like Halle, like I'll Venmo. So him and his best rich daddy friend both Venmo, me four grand for my tits. It was like 12 grand. But like they both Venmo me four grand. They think they own each tit. They named them like Francesca and Consuela. I don't know, like they think they own my chest, but little do they know, I pocketed that money. It was just like play New York money at that time. I pocketed that money, got my real estate license and then my parents paid for it. So I ended up getting the fake tits and I've never sold a fucking house in my life. But I love a crown molding and I can appreciate good interior, a one bed, a one bath, and I know what areas of New York are the best in the city.


I know where the daddies are, I know where the rent is the highest. And that's where I typically hang out because I know they can afford nice things. You know this thing about real estate, it's like location, location, location. Just like you guys right now is sitting at your little laptop or your phone or whatever, you're in the right place right now watching the right podcast. Like look at us. We're just growing


together. Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union bank branch today. Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank,


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The phileo fish. And you, you can have them too And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price bottom.


Okay, now that I've told you guys that different men own each of my tits, I have a little secret to share with you guys. There's actually currently right now as we speak, a man in my bed. I didn't wanna like tell you that, but like don't ask questions you don't want the answers to. But I feel like we went so hard last night. I feel like he could use a little bit of the hair of the dog right now. So let's get him up. I feel like Cookie. Come here lover. Surprise. I don't know what I feel worse from the fucking dominoes or the vodka. Here get your fucking mic. Okay. Hi guys, this is Grayden Cookie Cutler. Okay guys, I feel like most of you know who great it is.


But if you don't he's like my best, most funniest friend. Oh, we sleep together all the time. He's so good in bed. This is true. We do sleep together a lot. No, yeah. And you turn on your sound machine. It's always like super magical. We get cozy. You Love the Sound machine? No, I actually do but I do have my AirPods in watching Real Housewives. Oh okay. Well this morning I woke up, Halle woke me up and she said I took up Was 11. It was 11. Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you, but it was 1145. Okay. You Thought it was okay. But that's my morning. Halle told me that I was taking up the whole entire bed, but this morning I woke up and her head was on my shoulder And he hates physical touch. You don't like when I cuddle or hug you or anything?


I don't like that because you have a okay, if you were a man, I wouldn't mind, I can't picture you like cuddle up with someone like I can't picture you like being the big spoon. Are you the big spoon or the little spoon? I just think anatomically I have to be the big spoon. One time I was cuddling with somebody and I fell asleep and I woke up and they were just gone. And I'll be honest with you, I really haven't cuddled since. So have you ever fucked a woman or are you like a gold star? Do you know what a gold star is? It's like they had a C-section, right? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. A gold star is when you have a C-section. A gold. No, It's like you can't, you did not even like come out of a vagina. Not only did you not ha sleep with a woman, you didn't even come out of a woman.


You came out of their Stomach. Oh that's act, that's actually a good point. Not me teaching you about being gay again. Well That's not like actually gold star, but like that like could be a thing that's Platinum Star. Like never touched a badge. Yeah, I'm a gold star. Yeah. Your mom Had a C-section. No Holly, that's not actually what a gold star is. A gold star is when you're gay and you've never been with a girl. So you're Not a gold star because I'm a gold star. Okay. Yeah, I'm a gold star. Loud and proud. So Like let's get back to like our origin story. I feel like a lot of people don't know like how we became friends, how we met. We should tell them the story of how we actually met. Okay, let's tell it. You would remember more than me probably. Are you really counting on me for memories? So I walk into this party on Nantucket, obviously shit face.


This was like my first time actually going to Nantucket. The year I believe was like 20, 21 right after Covid. So this is my first like taste in Nantucket kind of. And I see this girl and she's like snatched. She's like her skin's pulled back. I'm like, did she get more? I'm like, did she get a facelift? Like what's going on? And I was like, your skin is so amazing. Like what do you do? And you told me you like get your Botox at this girl in New York, but like you live in Boston. So at the time you were living in Boston and you would go to New York to get your face done. I remember this Flash forward. I didn't know this bitch lived in was from Boston. I didn't know she had a house in Nantucket. So I thought I was never gonna see you again.


And then we were in Boston on a cold, rainy ass night. It Set the mood, it set the tone. We're on this yacht. That's where Halle and I really rekindled and I was like, oh my God, you like are from Boston, like you're here. Oh my god, let's hang out. So that's how we started hanging out. And then I look over and there is this man and he was like a tech CEO founder. I think he is in in prison now. I worked, I, Yeah, yeah, I worked for him for a little bit. Okay. Like when I was like didn't have a job trying to figure out what I was doing, he was like a crypto batty. Like he like promised me all these things. He used to put me up with the NoMo soho and like work on his like computer for like this new app he was creating like Okay, no events but like that's all he could afford if he's do in crypto is the NoMo soho?


No that was a red flag you read. Yeah. And he had like a Soho Loss, no hate to the NoMo Soho. And he had this really good friend who was bald that was like a working on his crypto. This is like such a side note. I went on the date with this man. He was like bald and like it was the sketchiest thing I've ever done. He promised me like $10,000 in like physical cash? No. And he said he would only give it to me if I Sucked him. Fucked him. I Didn't suck him, I didn't fuck him. He was bald so he looked like Mr. Clean. So he shows up to this date with a suitcase of 10 grand in cash and gave it to Me. Did you keep it? Yeah. What'd you have to do Then? I told him I had a UTI and I couldn't hang out with him for the rest of the weekend weekend. So you Left.


That made me sound like kind of an escort. It wasn't like that. I didn't even kiss him, honestly. I feel like he got bamboozled that Night. Anyway, I hope he is well. But I looked over my shoulder and his pants were down to his ankles and his whole entire asshole was out. No least cheek spread. Cheek spread, blackout drunk. And I was like, is somebody gonna put this guy's pants on? I can't be looking at this. That Was insane. We had people seasick, the waves were tumultuous and this man is like ripping his asshole apart. Like basically in Afutile position. Like I like anyway I've seen darker parts of that man than Yeah His internal organs. I could See his throat from behind.


It was crazy. You can't say that. Yeah. You know, I think we shared that moment of seeing this man's asshole. We really, And that's when we became friends. We were like, we like this. We've been through it. Wait, speaking of men with gaping assholes, when was the last time you have entered or have been entered via throat? Via ass. Via ear. With a man Via ear. Like yesterday it's been a really long drought and I feel like I'm like in the Sahara desert, like one of those animals who like can't really access the watering hole. And it's not, I don't think it's the rain that's like blocking me from accessing water.


I'm starting to think it's me. No, I think your type is bad. Your type is straight men. So that automatically sets you up for failure. Okay. I would just like to correct like it's not straight men. No It is straight men. It's just MAs. Like I like a more masculine man. Which is totally fine. But I don't know. I mean I definitely don't think my TikTok videos help. When was your last sexual encounter fleeing romance? A spark that lit a fire under a beautiful plump ass. Oh that's so sweet. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome. The last time, let's just go with the last time I got Diddled or Diddled somebody else. That sounds illegal. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't remember. No. Like you have to like I'm telling you right now to pick a date Over, over a year ago probably.


But I fucked. I've sucked. You're the sucking queen. I used To be. Not Anymore. We're going out tonight again. Tonight. Halle is having a party. I think tonight's my night where like I really want my eyes to cross. Last night we were pretty drunk, but tonight I want to be even more drunk. Anyways, I feel like we could go on and on about fucking crazy stories. We've been like, we've seen so much together. Like besides like the darkest parts of people's assholes. Mad. We've seen a lot of Lauren. Wait. Fucking freak the wigs


here. Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business. Easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank,


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a phileo fish, big Mac tenent piece, McNuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Yay. Lauren here. Ach. Ach guys, this is Lauren. Hi, Lauren's Here guys. I'm here. We're the three best friends that anyone could have. We're the three best friends. Best. Anyway. Welcome to the casting coach. Thank Guys, guys. I feel very welcome. I know we'll Touch Each other. Yeah, I know. I, let's all Hold hands. Just Let us us do. No thank you know. I'm Alright. I see how it is. Alright. Hey guys, if you don't know Lauren, Lauren's the one that like makes, she's the reason I'm alive. I feel like she keeps my schedule together. It sounds like you work for me. No, I like might be production. No, she's, when I call production and my TikTok, she is production I'm calling for.


Yeah. Like I wouldn't show up to anything on time. I'm not a planner. True. I am just a personality hire. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Fish is just good at getting shit done. She's also really good in bed. Oh My gosh. Wait. She shows me her sex tapes all the time. It's like watching. We're Getting right Into it. You know when you're like on like a sports team and they like rewatch tape. Just like see where they like could have like done better. I'm that person. You're that that person. Yes. Do you have any feedback? You are amazing. Recoils insane. What happens to you in that? Nah, I don't. We will go into that another day. Okay. But anyways, this is Lauren. Introduce yourself. My little freak of the Week. I'm Lauren, I'm from New Jersey.


That's like probably The most uninteresting thing about me. But me and Halle have been best friends for like six, six years now. Yeah. Six years. Yeah. Yeah. So my, my college roommate was Hallie's best friend from high school. And then we met and we fell in love. We did, we did. We had a week of just going out straight together. Every single night we would go to bed. Sounds like you're legit lesbian vote. Oh, A week. It was like a a year Last, last week we went accidentally ended up at a gay bar and it was like all lesbian couples were on This without about me. But there was flags everywhere. We had no idea. Lesbian bar or A gay bar or A No, it was a gay bar. A gay bar. There was like a lot of lesbian couples and we were just like sitting there.


I think we were one of them. Yeah. No. Yeah, we definitely one Of them. We were one of them. I Think people thought that we were one of Them. No, definitely. Definitely. People thought I was chowing down on you. Yeah. Blowing the lawn. Yeah. Yeah. Putting from the rough, the whole nine. Yeah. Munching Muffin. Yeah. Anyways, we've known each other for how many years? Six years. Six years. Now. You've never seen me in a relationship. I haven't, but I've seen you in multiple situations Shift. I think that's always crazy that you've never seen me. Yeah. Committed. Yeah. And you've only seen me committed. I I was committed to them. They weren't committed to. They Weren't committed to you. No, no. You thought they were. I thought and I was always trying to like tell, I was like, they're not hot. Even though some of them were, I was like, they're not hot.


Halle like you like you could do so much better. And now looking back we're like, fuck. Lacrosse was hot. Hot cross was hot. Lacrosse was really hot. But I was trying, I'm, I was very convincing. I was like, he's not hot. Trust me. He's The hottest guy I've ever caught with ever in my whole entire life. Yeah. So you have a boyfriend. We love him. We Love him. Actually, you didn't like him at first though. I didn't. Weren't sure. Didn't. I didn't like that I had He hit on Halle in front of me. No He didn't. Yes he did. He added, he on Snapchat in front of me when he didn't like me. No. Yeah. Did do what? Accept. No, no, no. Here's what happened. Here's what happened. My boyfriend now at the time, like didn't want anything to do with me. And Yeah. In, yeah. And like in order to like show me how he didn't want have anything to do with me.


He was like, I'm just gonna like flirt in front of her. I'm gonna like add her best friend on Snapchat and like would like put his phone down so I could see everything. This was when he was like mean. And then the second not he Didn't have a fuck boy face. Right. He had a Fuck toxic. No, he's like perfect. But like for those like No, he's an angel. He's an angel. But like he wasn't an angel until the second that he asked me to be his girlfriend. Up until then I was a doormat And like the Holland tunnel. Did you like being doormat or did you like And I was And you were thick. I was thick. You were so thick. Lauren used to like show up for like my house on Nantucket and like we wearing like af ones and like Jordans, like I wore like Jordan's with like Nike. Nike Mid calves to the beach. No, Gallery, beach, Dior, Jordan.


No, that wasn't Fake. Dior. Jordans. They were fake. Yeah, they were like custom made. Like they just like took Dior. Oh, with the fabric? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. That Is extremely Ghetto. And you wore leather pants to the beach. But here we are. They were real leather. Then you met Jordan, you guys fell in love so deeply. He also has a massive piece. Who? Jordan. Jordan's Like a walking tripod. You know like that thing that's holding up this camera right now that looks like Jordy is a third leg. That man if like a Gus of Wind ever hit him from behind, he would be standing up still. I Love that friend. He's gonna Hate us. And I love that part. He deserves that. Honestly He does deserve that. He Like, he deserves a big dick. He has Like short arms but he's making up for it Sounds Like a Rex. Yeah. While does, he has short limbs, but a big dick short Limb.


Yeah. Yeah. He's like Tyra or sores. I also think he like lifts so much those arms like progressively get higher. Oh What totally. He does have short Biceps. Yeah, he's got a really long Torso. We're not body shaming Jordan on episode one. Yeah. We love Jordan. No, We're complimenting. No. Yeah, We're gonna tell him about this later. The thing is that's nice about me and Lauren is like we have very different taste in men. I think we all have very different tasted men. Honestly. Yeah. Like Especially me Actually. I feel like you guys have the same tasted men. I feel like you would go for someone like Jordan. I mean look a pretty boy. Do you like A pretty boy? No. You would go for Jordan. I would go for Jordan.


I'll go for Jordan right now. Tell him to come over Jordan. Jordan Loves it. Jordan. Jordan loves it. Jordan, you and Jordan have a very special relationship. Yeah, We do. Anyway. Enough about him. Yeah. So we're going out tonight. What is the pregame gonna look like? You think I am like terrified? The fact that we have to get ready in like an hour and a Half. Should we tell them what the pregames usually look like? Yeah. Let's tell them. Okay, let's, let's run through it. Well I Don't really drink that much. Which is amazing for us. Yes, because Because I'm always driving. Yeah. If it's in, if we're in Nantucket or I'm always, you know, directing. I used to hate it. I feel like when you're younger you're like, you're not taking shots. Yeah. And now we're like, Don't take a shot. I feel like you Should Because should I take the shot?


'cause I don't wanna Uber on Nantucket. Yeah. And she's the dd, she's trusted by my parents. That's true. With the vehicles. That Is very She's On the car insurance. Yeah. Like yeah. You should be other than some other siblings. Right. Phish is the type of person where she can go out and like have like you'll have like one drink. Yeah. But like you don't need to be like shitfaced to have fun. Like you always have fun. I'm there for the music, I'm there for the networking. You used to go out to network. Yeah. Holly would drink for us and I would network for us. And honestly it works. It Worked about pretty well for us. Here we are. Here we are. But yeah, no, Halle is pro and Grayden are probably ripping shots together. I am looking on an amazement.


You're Cheering us on. Looking on is crazy. I am looking on an amazement. I'm like wow, I would die. I would be in the hospital. Sounds like shade you're throwing. No, but anyways, we might die but in a positive way. Mm. In a way that like will go out with a bang hopefully. But the pregame, what are, what are we having people over tonight? Yeah. And then I'm throwing a party later in the evening and the we hours of the night. I will be so cross-eyed. I'll be caught crossing both streets at once because I'm gonna be like People used to like, or I don't know if people do still think this, but like some people think it's a bit like you're cross Side. Cross eye. No, No. Like you fully I had meningitis. That's real. No, I had meningitis as a toddler.


I had it too. We both almost died. But You're not cross eye. We Did, I almost died like, but I'm not cross Eye. So like I had a brain infection when I was two that affected my equilibrium. They used to call me head wound, Halle. I would just fall over, tip over like just simple tasks like walking. So then I turned completely cross-eyed. Like this production zoom in. I'm looking at both screens right now. No, literally I would get so cross-eyed. So at six I got contacts. But when I drink the muscles behind my eyes that keep them straight normally even right now I'm like give out teetering. If I'm tired or a little tipsy, my eyes will just give out strength. Then I'll just go like this. So that's when Lauren knows that It's time to take her off to Close the tap.


And you know what's great and I think I've said this before, but when someone looks at us and like they're like, you're leaving, you're leaving so early. I'm like, look at her. And Natalie's like, that's how you do. Yeah. That is such a cough out. You just like nod your head. You're like, yeah look. Look over here. Look at her eyes. They're like, oh Of course. Take her home. Oh yeah. That's how you get out of going Like leaving. Yeah. Yeah. Like look At Holly. They're like, we totally understand. Like take your time getting out. I hope you get home safe. You when you get back, you're so strong. Make sure you got her home safe. You're screaming. And honestly Holly, I think we should start using that moving forward. Like if we're just not having good time. Yeah you're, You just go to them eyes Like look at her dad.


That's so real. Well we should do that. Yeah. I think that that's our new cop out. Because I hate, like, I hate being like pressured to stay. It's to go to cop out. But just like loop me in. Yeah, I got you next time. But like sometimes like you're just I of it. I can't loop you in. You're, you're looped out. I'm never That out of it. Don't drink, Stay in school. I Really don't wanna go out tonight. I'm not gonna lie guys. It's your party. It's Literally hosted by you. You're on the invite. You are hosting the party you have to go. Yeah. Honestly. Well what's fun is Hallie's hosting a pre-game and I think what's so great About is my glassware Is Your glassware. Are You gonna let other people use it? No I'm not. Can I use it? Yeah, you can use it.


Thank you. Not a drunk. Like the rest of the people coming over. Also though, like I love that all our friends have meshed. Yeah. That's So important. Like us, well us but also like your home friends. My school friends. I Don't have really, I feel like besides you guys, I don't really have that many more friends. Real friends that would consider like, oh, like I could trust them with Your Dirty secrets. Secret. Secret. I mean I'm telling everyone else here my dirtiest darkest secrets. But yeah, things that would probably get me in like in trouble with the police. Like those things I feel like I wouldn't try to Help you get Away with anything. Yeah. Like would you bury your body for me? Yeah. Great. And what's our relationship? Yeah. So how does the dynamic work here?


You probably wondering 'cause I'm so perfect and like they're like Oh my god Halle, you're so perfect. Like how can we like share time? I have this split between the both of them. It's like I'm divorced parents. Like the product of how do you guys get along? How do you co-parent this beast? I would, so I'm a cancer Leo cause and I couldn't really tell you what the fuck that Means. Wait, I can't wait. I'm a Leo Cancer Cus but she's Wait what Leo Cancer cusp. Yeah. Wait no, no, sorry, Sorry, sorry. Cancer. Leo Cusp. Yeah. Yeah. I'm the day. So we're the same. We're the same. You're July 22nd. Yeah, I'm July 23rd. Oh yeah. I'm the first day of Le Leo. So we have the same, oh My god. Significant. We Have like the same cusp but different like, like like fire sign.


No, no, no. Yeah. No, no, no. Like mains main sign. I don't know We, we need to get our church or something. But fish and I just have a really sensitive, like loving connection We do. You know? Although she's way more sensitive than me. I'm sensitive and I'm thinking Great. She made start crying sometimes. Like you'll like have my back. Yeah. Yeah. When I don't, sometimes Halle goes for her throat. No. Well sometimes I get very angry. Yeah. Sometimes Halle gets like at the end of the night she'll be really drunk and she'll sometimes jump on the neck And like not in a mean way. I am just very sensitive. Yeah. Like I take everything so seriously. Like's really hard to argue with you. Yeah. 'cause you will cry. I will cry. Like call your mom. That's true. And I'm like, that's it. Like she never wants to see me again.


Like that's it. Our friendship is over. All over. Because she was like, I don't know. Like what, what if she said to me before she Wait who? I'm like thinking about a time where like I took it so personally, like The summer on your birthday. Like Oh yeah. Do you wanna get into it? You were so sensitive. I Was so Sensitive. People that were staying at my house wanted to go to dinner with me. Yeah. They were staying at my house. But you had no, no. I thought you had auction them off to my house because they couldn't stay at your boyfriend's house. No, no. Actually we should talk About No that's 'cause that was grown. No, that was bad. Then You're like, you weren't coming to my thing. And I was like, wait, they're staying at my house. No, no, no, no. I was just, I felt left out because normally in Nantucket I always stay at your house and this is the first time that I wasn't staying at your house where like everyone was there.


So I was like feeling left out and because I was feeling left out, I just started crying at Cisco. And actually I am mortified and my boyfriend's brother likes to bring it up now he's like, are you gonna cry? Are you gonna cry? Like You Cried at Cisco? I'm glad he does. So sad. Yeah. 'cause you should have been embarrassed. Yeah. You're being a weird little freak then. I was being a freak. Yeah. And I was like, and then I came home and I was like, Howie, you still love? I was like, you can come to dinner too, but like you're, I Was like, no. And you walked around the block were you were Also staying at your boyfriend. So I was like, are you gonna leave your boyfriend and their family and their cook, their barbecue, the thing that they're throwing for you. And come to my parents. Look at me in the eyes. Yes. I will leave him. That's fucking, Fucking Dude.


Just kidding. Yeah. I'm thinking about the Hamptons trip now. Oh, the Hamptons trip guys. That's what I was referring to. Yeah. No guys. We were at, I least forgot what happened. We went, it was a brand trip. Yeah, it was like one of the first brand trips I've ever been on. But like we were sharing a room, the three of us. Wait Liv was there too? No, no. Just us three. No, it was just us three We were at. Okay. She was there for another one. This one was just us three and I was being the, like I was being the plus one. I got there, I opened up every single present. I got into the pajamas that were on my bed immediately. As you should. As you should. I stole some of grad's products. Yeah. Like I was, I was fucking there. But like we went to Surf Lodge and a guy in your building.


Wait, I, I ran into him today, yesterday. I run into him every single day. His name is Chow Down. What? His name is Chow Down. What do you mean? Well that, we'll, well his name is Chow Down. He lives in my building. I literally have the exact same schedule as him. I saw him this morning. I saw him yesterday. That's a Story. We've been at Surf Lodge and I was drunk and I said come back. And I was, he was really Cute. He is really cute. He is really tall. And I was Like, he's weird though. His giggle was like, he's telling hyena, Wait, I wasn't here this weekend. I think he was really nervous. You were in there. This was the weekend prior then This is the weekend with Liv. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. You weren't there. Yeah. And we brought him Back. He went down on me. In front of, Yeah, in front of us. Me and Liv were like hiding in the bathroom. And we were like, okay, well it's been like two minutes.


Maybe we should come out now. We come out. You giving me two minutes to work my masterpiece. Yeah. We, it didn't seem like you were feeling it 'cause his laugh was really weird. I don't know. Yeah. And then we came out and we were like, show us what you were doing. Okay. I received a video. Yeah. This night. Yeah. Do we wanna talk about that? That that was, that was Chow Dau. That was Doubting. Was that from you? No, no, that was from me. Who sent It? Okay. Or Liv. And then Group shot, It was live or Fish sent it to me and there's this, I see this hair underneath the sheet and Hall's there and I'm like, is she like playing with like a stuffed animal? Like what? Why is her hair under the sheets? It was Mr. Chow Down, chowing down, chowing Down Underneath the sheets, giving The name just PTs of Glory.


Yeah. He's a nice guy though. And then we set him on his way. It's funny 'cause I'll get those videos and I will not think one thing of it. Sleep over Where like, are you have to go bye. We like literally the way that we like hurried that man out of the room. Like he didn't even have time to put his shoes on. He was like, by the time he was outside He was weird though. He was a weird little freak. Yeah. But anyway, I live in the same building as him and I see him every single day and I'm like, Hey. And he is like, Hey, how you doing? And then, you know, we talk about something for like the 30 seconds of the elevator ride, the minute the weather to the fucking outdoors and Yeah. Every day. That's the worst. Yeah. Poor man. Mr. Chow down. Okay. Like we need this, wrap this up with to get ready with the shower, with the bathe.


I'm sure Grayden has to take a nap. I need to take a couple shots. I think before we go guys, we should give a little like Real Housewives tagline. Like what would, like, you know, a Dream Z up the ending of this? Yes. Okay. Yes, yes, yes. You can start and then Lauren, and then I have to think of mine because, okay, Wait. I love this. Okay, let's run it back. This is your moment to shine. If you won't suck my qua. At least drink one Period. You like that? I'll suck your I know you would. That's good. All right, Lauren, you go. All right, where am I looking? I may not drink, but I eat every day period. I am screaming. I do eat every day. No, you Do. Yeah. It used to be a a It was thick.


I see more than once A day. I don't even know. I don't even know what mine would be. You got it. Like you miss a hundred percent of the cu shots you don't take. Period. Period. All right guys. Cheer like, yay. Alright. All right. So like, let's wrap it up guys. We have to get ready with go take shots. This has been so much fun. I'm so excited for everyone to be here. Even if like you're just here to like make fun of me. If I'm crazy, I don't fucking care. We're gonna have so much fun. This was amazing. You're gonna see a lot more of this situation going on. It's gonna be a lot of chaos, a lot of unhinged raw energy. We're gonna raw dog, this whole fucking thing. Subscribe, like review, give us five stars, all that fucking shit.


You can find us on all platforms, wherever you watch your podcast, YouTube, whatever. Whatever floats your fucking boat. Anyways, happy to be here. Love you all and thank you episode one. Let's fucking do it. Bye bye.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcasts on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun, but these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the phileo fish. And you, you can have them too, And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a phileo fish, big Mac, dent, fes McNuggets, or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Ever since switching to T-Mobile, something weird has been happening. I get to cut lines. Oh, right this way. Who me? I can stream shows at 30,000 feet and I was able to buy reserve tickets for my favorite band. It's not just you With T-Mobile, everyone can get VIP status. That means access to exclusive events and experiences just for being a customer. At T-Mobile, VIP means YOU. Check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.