
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jones. Quitting nicotine is a journey that can feel impossible without the right tools. That's where Jones comes in. Jones offers holistic support to help you quit nicotine altogether or cut back. Find out why 40,000 quitters use Jones to help them reach their quitting goals. Head to quit with jones.com and use code. Call Her Daddy for $15 off your first order of nicotine mints. Jones is FDA approved and available for those that are 18 and older.


Lowe's knows what makes Spring Fest savings even better. A member only Doorbuster deals right now. Rewards members can save $40 on an Allen and Roth Chesler Gold Faucet was $99, now $59 plus save $110 on a Cobalt 40 volt battery trimmer and blower combo kit was 2 79. Now 1 69 Lowe's. We help you save Bella through 3 24 while supplies last programs subject to terms and conditions. Details of lows.com/terms subject to change.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. No, She's already talking shit. Get in here where I can't, I can't hear where the crazy's coming from this direction. Oh my God, you guys. It's us. We're back together again. You're so stupid. Dude. You have no idea how stupid you are. No. You don't know. No, I do. I do. No, sit Down. Are those pills? Those are Vicodin. What? I have a fever right now, just so you know. I, this is my owls brew. Chelsea handler's, vodka lemonade that's coming out with my book.


I have three flavors. Pink, yellow, and mint. Nons sparkling. Very healthy cocktail. I'm gonna be drinking this while I'm here. Do you wanna just do full promo and I'll just sit back and relax? Sure. That's why I'm here. Wait, what is So I was supposed to, I, I'm in agony. I have a shoulder infection. Okay. And they wanted to have surgery today. And I have too much press, including you. I'm like, I can't blow off Alex. I don't even know who I'm talking to. Who am I talking to right now? Look at me. There's so many people here. Okay, hold on a second. We're all just staring at you. But my assistant put my this in my car this morning and I was like, are you, what do you want me to do with that? He goes, I don't know. Take it around with you. I go take it around with me. He's new to town so he doesn't know how things work.


I think it's kind of, but I thought it was incredibly funny. Oh, I think it's amazing. Just Put it right there. But I do have to take a Vicodin and I thought, what better place because do it right here. So I'm doing my surgery. I got an injection to help my shoulder, A PRP injection, whoever's listening, don't ever fucking do that. And now, and I've had chills and sweats for the last, like two weeks since the injection. And my arm, my arm was excruciating. Like my shoulder, I couldn't lift it. I can barely lift it now. And I, so I come back from Whistler and I go to the doctor and I was like, something's off. And they're like, let's give you an MRI. And they're like, oh, you have an infection. And I was like, okay. And they're like, do you feel like you're infected? And I said, well, I've been having hot and cold flashes for the last two weeks.


But I just assumed that was like perimenopause or something. So I got estrogen, progesterone, and now I found out it's a fucking infection and I'm probably not even in perimenopause. Wait How? I Probably am. You know what I mean? Wait, so you're taking a Vicodin right now? Absolutely. I've never had one. What does it do? Do you want one? No, no, no, no. You should have one actually. Should I? Yeah. To calm me down probably. Does it relax you? It feels good. You know what I mean? It's like a nice buzz. Like you'll see what happens to me like Halfway through this interview. It'll hit IIII cut it in half because it hits you faster if you do that. Just FYI for pills. I seem crazy right now. No, no, no.


This is good. You look gorg. I know. Thank you. I loved your interview with Amy. Oh, Sh that was fun. Yeah, That was really Fun. That was a good time. And she brought her like feet with no fucking nail polish. And she didn't wear, she didn't wear socks with her shoes. She doesn't, she she dresses worse than you do. You know what I mean? She just does not give a shit. I just was with her in New Orleans. She, Amy will walk down the street in pajamas and go out. She does not care. She Doesn't care. No. She, but I kind of love that she Did it. She did an episode with Oprah for something and I'm pretty sure it was, it was something like sweatpants and like a cardigan and to do like some interview with Oprah somewhere. And I just thought, wow, look at you girl.


Is that how you feel about what I wore when I interviewed the vice president? What? I Don't, I wore a big fucking hoodie and everyone was giving me so much shit for it. Like how do, how, why didn't you dress up for that? No, I Think what your shtick is is good. I mean, I should keep it. Yeah, yeah. Keep it. Who cares who you're interviewing? She didn't win anyway, so obviously it didn't fucking matter. You know what I mean? Okay. Loser. Loser. We're not smoking today. No, I don't think so. We can't. We can't. But it'll be there like in memory of what we've done in The past. Yeah. Yeah. Well you, I heard you on the Amy Shimmer one say that you don't do drugs anymore. That was very disappointing. No, no, no. I Don't do hard drugs. Okay. I smoke weed. Yeah. Okay. That's not a hard drug is It? No. Weed is not a Hard drug. Exactly. So like, I'd, I still dabble with this.


Okay. Edibles this, but I'm not like snorting a line today. But Don't say you dabble with marijuana. No. That sounds like you're 85 years old. Dabble with pot. I do. I'm not hitting it like I used to. I used to have a bong in my apartment. Yeah. I now I've kind of cut back. Well, I, I don't. I'm such a mess. I don't know what I'm Doing. So you're drinking alcohol? I'm drinking alcohol. I am on a liquid diet today for my surgery tomorrow morning. I'm not joking. I'm getting surgery tomorrow morning. No, actually I have an owls brew photo shoot tomorrow. So I have to wait until that's done because everyone's flying out from New York and then I'm getting my surgery at around 1:00 PM My photo shoot starts at 5:00 AM I love being you successful.


I love it. Chelsea Handler, welcome back to Call Her Daddy.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit, when you're working out, I don't know for you guys, but like I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to work out in and look great in everyday life. You need to check out their Performance Jogger part of re's Dream knit collection. The Performance Jogger is great for stretching or lounging and it is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance joggers, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger. Like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends. What are you putting up on top? And then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay, so if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts or even just for lounge? Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve. They have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her Daddy. That's VUOR i.com/ Call Her Daddy exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. Now is your time to build on a hobby or establish a global empire. And while the entrepreneurial path is never linear, Shopify will have your back at any stage. No matter how many detours you encounter on the journey. Daddy Gang, I have talked about how Shopify has been truly so integral to my personal business. And anyone out there that is on a new venture or is in the middle of their venture and you're trying to figure out how you can get to that next level. It is Shopify. Shopify is a commerce platform that allows you to start, grow, and manage a business. It can be as simple as a side hustle or a multimillion dollar fundraiser. The cool thing is that Shopify is behind so many brands. Millions of people in over 170 countries are selling online and in person using this platform. And you can too. There are tons of fun themes to choose from and it's easy to use drag and drop edit. You can even tag and sell your products globally and across all social media platforms where the customers are. Shopify. Thank you so much for being such obviously a huge part of my business. It has made it easier. Daddy Gang. I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is how to delegate and not take everything on my back and on my shoulders. And Shopify has been that go-to for me when I am selling product. They make it easy and they make it a great good experience. So Daddy Gang, it's time to build your brand. Head to Shopify dot com slash daddy to see how easy it is to start your business today.


How many times have I been here? Three. This is the third. I love it. Do you know what's happening? Not Really. Okay. I mean, I never know what's happening with you. I just know that there's always a lot happening. Oh No. So I'm moving and this is like the original studio. I dunno if you've ever seen it, but like we film it here all the time. But you are getting what I would consider like a nice moment. 'cause we're kind of like saying farewell to this space. Oh good. I I love that. I love That's why you're in the that I love that. Is this a lawn Chair? Yeah, this is like a lawn soccer mom chair. Oh right, okay. Because you don't get the nice high-end chairs that we used to have in here Because you got rid of those. We got rid of those. And you couldn't even rent two for the day because of what? Didn't you just make a hundred million dollars? I don't understand what is going on here.


I thought It would humble us this. Yeah. Well I don't wanna be humbled. Okay. January has humbled all of us. Okay. The month period of January should be taken off the calendar as they say in Spanish and ro. Okay, we're gonna play a game to kick this off. Oh, this is your new thing. I heard you do this with Amy. Okay, sure. We're Just, 'cause like, you know, unlike you and Amy, like some people need to loosen up. You don't need to loosen up at all. Ugh. No. Although I'm excited to see how this Vicodin hits. Yeah, Yeah, me too. Like, what's Gonna happen? Maybe I'll take another One. Who knows. You know, How fast is it hit? Like, I mean, it'll just make, it'll take, make my pain subside, you know? So Your arm will just start? Yeah, it'll start probably, yeah. Doing Its thing. Yeah. Okay. Restless arm syndrome.


I'm asking you if you wanna keep this trend in 2024 or if you wanna bring it into this year. Lookalike contests. I, I don't wanna keep any trend. Okay. You don't even have to finish these questions. No, We, you are on a podcast. Okay. You have to participate. Lookalike? No. What is that again? Timothy Chala. Me. Jeremy Allen White. They've been doing like lookalike. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't care about that. No, those two do lookalike though, by the way. They're both little nuggets, you know what I mean? Would you ever attend a Chelsea Handler lookalike contest? I doubt that. Would you be insulted? No. I just don't care. Yeah. Okay. How do you feel about clean girl aesthetic? Clean girl aesthetic? Every time I come here I feel like I'm talking to a, a somebody in kindergarten.


That's how fucking old. What is, what is clean girl aesthetic. You kind of are giving clean girl aesthetic right now. Well, I'm fucking on the hot piece of ass. So if that's what that means, then great Clean girl is like minimal makeup. Yes. I'm, I'm about that. Oh yeah. I love that. I love that. But are you a pick me girl? A pick me? No, Pick me. Like pick me. No. Depi. No. So you know what pick me is? I think it means I think I can understand What Yeah. Desperado. Yeah, desperado Appeal to the male gaze. Oh, No, no, no, no, no. I don't need to appeal to the male, male gaze. They see me. Is it true that when you, is it true that when you shower, you know What my favorite thing is about?


Did I point at you listening to your podcast? What is the only time you can tell when you're laughing? Because it's the only time you're not talking. So when there's just right, like Right. What's happening now to the listeners when it's, when it's quiet, silent because she has a, you have a very quiet laugh. You go, It's like a little undertone. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So should I shut the fuck up? No, No. I, I love you. So you keep going. I like you too. What do mean? We're Now like, what do you mean I like you? No, like I like, do you have any fucking things I've done for you? Are you fucking kidding me? I flew to fucking Nashville for your ass. She asked me. Do you She asked me to that she would send me a plane to the Nashville. I did. You did take the offer. Bitch, you don't need to send me a fucking plane, honestly.


Send me a plane. But that's A good friend that you didn't even like wanna take the offer. Some people would be like immediately jumping on that. Yeah. Yeah. Well I've been on a lot of planes, so that's okay. Thank you though. Thank you. But thank You for showing up. Yeah, I did show up. And now Look what we're doing. We've got your fucking poster with your Head on it. Yeah, I've got this. You've got your got this, I've got this. I've got my unwell. Here I am. Everyone We're here. Everyone here I am. I hear that when you shower Uhoh you only clean your hotspots, your VADs, your butt, and your armpits. Is that true? This has Become an issue. Yeah. I don't know why my legs would be dirty. They're covered up all day in my jeans and they're not out. You know what I mean? My legs aren't going out without me. Yeah.


And I'm pretty like, I, you know, I showered the day before also. And when I lather my hair with shampoo and conditioner, there is a lot of lather. And that drips down my body over cascades, over my voluptuous breasts onto my navel and then down to my Pikachu. Oh. And the, my hotspots, which are, well, there's four. You know what they are? Yes. As long as I get in there, I can take less than a three minute shower. And I often do, I should wash my hair. 'cause that's like, not washing my hair doesn't feel clean. You know what I mean? Yeah. There's no point to a shower if you're not really washing your ear. Right. Then you're kind of like sweaty gross all day. And so I get in, I wash my Pikachu, I wash my asshole and I wash my underarms.


And, which has been hard lately. 'cause I can't lift my right shoulder. So getting under this armpit, I can actually smell it right now. It's not. And I never smell. You smell amazing and you look amazing. I'm gonna be honest, I do the same thing. You don't wash your legs. I Have no reason to wash my knee caps. I have no reason to like get the back of the calf. Like I don't Get back of the calf. I mean, I mean, honestly, like I'm getting the back of the calf. What about shaving? Doesn't that count for something? Isn't That clean? That's true. And that's like once a week. But your legs are so skinny. I mean, you shouldn't be washing them. What are they collecting? Dirt. I mean, it's so stupid. But, you know, I guess I, I don't know. I thought for a while I'm like, God, maybe I really don't know how to shower. Yeah. But then I'm like, things are going pretty great, so Fuck It.


Why am I gonna rock the boat? I think you should keep doing exactly what you're doing. This is your seventh book. Yes. What the fuck? I mean, congratulations. Seriously. But also like, how do you still have so much to say? I, I know. I know. Because I have a real life. That's why I have things to say because I keep it, you know, I keep it real and I have real experiences and as long I have to, because if you are a creative person in any way, and you forget to have a real life, then you have nothing to talk about. I just stand up and I write books and I need stories. So I have to travel the world and remain like, you know, it's A nice life. It's a great life. Why did you dedicate the book to flight attendants? Because they've been through hell.


No. You know that. I mean, maybe you don't because you've been flying privately for so long that you, First of all, I do not fly that way often. I did that for you. Oh, I thought the way to lure you in. I was testing our friendship. Oh. Oh. And then I wanted you to be like, I'd take a bus for you. Oh, I wouldn't take a bus for anyone. Let's be honest. But I do mean, I, I I think flight attendants are some of The most un unappreciated service people that we have. I think everyone in the service, what they went through, through Covid, made me Horrible. Made Me irate. I wanted to, I did go off on people on planes.


I was, I'm part of the crew. When I get on a plane, I become part of the crew and I wanna be one of them. They know that I'm on their team. Right. I'm not with the passengers. I'm with the, the crew. Yeah. What I do on a plane ride is usually papa, a Xanax and go to bed. I don't like to drink on planes. Yeah. I find drinking alone sad. Okay. And I definitely don't wanna talk to anyone around me. So I Kind of like drinking on a plane. A lot of people do. I Just feel like it doesn't count. I'm getting a little fucked up. Yeah. I'm looking around, but I don't like to talk to anyone. Like if you're on a plane, are you talking to the person next to you? No. What, What do you think? What do you think? I hate those. I Have headphones. I, there are not large enough headphones out there to send the signal to people that I do not wanna be approached.


I don't because You're doubling up on your IPhone. I have headphones that are literally the size of a small car so that it's like, you couldn't, I couldn't hear you if you had a megaphone. But I do fly all the time and I fly commercially most of the time because I think that's The most responsible thing to do. I agree. I mean, I don't wanna be somebody who's, you know, that out of touch. I do fly privately once in a while, but I just, I, I think flight attendants really deserve our respect. They are trapped in the sky with us and they have been treated with vitriol by idiots. And so yeah, I always, I'm always, I will always have a flight attendants back.


That's also though how, you know, this is your seventh book though. Like, 'cause I feel like who'd you dedicate the first one to? Who knows? No, but don't you think it goes like family and then it goes friends and now you're like, fuck. Number seven flight attendants. Next time's gonna be your mailman. Mars. Mars, the Trumps. I'm gonna dedicate the next book to Ivanka. I mean Yeah, you're right. That's actually a really good point. I was like, I'm out of dedications. I already did the ones to my family. Next one goes to me. Okay. Let's talk about traveling. 'cause you travel all the time. Yes. What qualities do you need in a travel partner? Oh, this is good. I feel like you have very specific requirements. 'cause you like the vibes high. So I have a cousin, my cousin Molly.


She's like my, my person. One of my people that runs my life. Okay. And this year I was traveling to New Zealand and Australia, and she's my favorite travel buddy. We love to travel together. But she's a type, she's anal retentive. She's a type A. Okay. And I'm a type Z. Okay. I am a type A from about eight to 11 in the morning, once I get my shit done. And it takes me about three hours to get my shit done. And that's it. Okay. And then I like to go off the rails, you know what I mean? Love That for you. So Molly, who has been a, you know, she's, she, I've known her my whole life, obviously. She's my cousin. And she's worked for me for many years on and off. And I said, let's go to New Zealand and Australia.


I was touring. I said, let's go together. And she's like, absolutely. She has a little 3-year-old. So she's like, I have to be as safe as possible and I wanna wear a face mask on the plane. And I need you to wear one too, so that I don't get my daughter sick. And I'm like, we're gonna be gone for three weeks. Right. Fuck your daughter. She's not gonna be here. What are you talking about? Covid is over. I'm an anti masker now. You know what I mean? Like, now that it's over, I don't give a shit. Like, stop it. I'm not wearing that for like a 14 hour flight, wearing a 14 hour flight wearing a mask. And she's like, if you don't wear a mask, I'm not gonna go with you. And I was like, okay, fine. I'll wear a mask psycho. So we're on the plane and I take my, I, I have my face mask on and she's across from me, you know, in her little bed. And we're like looking at each other.


I get an orange juice and I love orange juice. Oh. And I get an orange juice and I forget my mask is on. And I take a sip with it. And, and, and all the orange juice falls all over my shirt. And I'm wearing a white T-shirt. I have no extra clothes. Everything has been checked. I didn't think I was gonna spill like a fucking baby. So, and I'm like, oh, god dammit. You know. So I get up and I go to the bathroom to start cleaning my shirt. And then I, you know, I'm like, oh, let me go to the bathroom. So I sit down on the toilet and I pull my face mask down somehow confusing that with my underwear and end up urinating into my underwear. And I'm like, Are there drugs Involved?


No, nothing has happened yet. Nothing has happened. This is like an hour into the flight. I haven't even taken my Xanax. And that's what those flights are for. It's like, I love getting on a plane ride that long in that little cubby hole, taking my Xanax cozy. I'm going to bed like, oh my late. It's like a little apartment you have, you know what I mean? And they take such good care of you. They treat you like a baby. I love that. So I, I, I, so now I'm soaked in orange juice and urine. Okay. And the flight, we have 14 hours left. So I come out of that fucking bathroom, I'm raging. I'm like, you are a fucking nightmare that you made me wear this face mask. And now I'm in soaked in my own urine and orange juice. So we land.


Oh, okay. Somehow we land, we get to New Zealand and you know, they're very strict in New Zealand and Australia. They're very strict about customs. What you're bringing in. There's a whole list of things to check off. Oh, I've never been, did you bring, you know, did you bring fruit? Did you bring vegetables? Do you have a gun? Did you bring, you know, whatever that you're not supposed to bring into their country. Do you have a dog or whatever? And my cousin, there's the one says, do you, did you bring it? Do you have any meats? And my cousin goes to check off meats. And I go, what? What are you, what are you, what are you doing? What, what are you doing? And she's like, I have a beef Turkey in my backpack.


Oh my fucking God Beef Turkey. I, I, I looked at her. I go, you what, what? Throw that, rip that up and throw that. I have edibles, mushrooms, and a sheet of fucking acid on me. And you're declaring a chomps beef stick. Are you fucking kidding me? Right. Get the, the fuck away from me. What The Fuck? I'm covered in orange juice, urine and have so many drugs on me. And you're sitting here talking about beef jerky. I would've tackled her to the fucking ground. I I didn't talk to her for three days. We went to a winery. When we landed, we went to a winery and we didn't speak. We sat across from each, we sat like six, six seats away. 'cause we're looking out into this beautiful valley.


New Zealand is gorgeous. They have all these beautiful wineries. We're at this winery. We, we weren't even speaking. I was like, I hope you're having a good time on this trip that I invited you on free. I hope you're having a good time. Somebody who wants to declare beef jerky is not my friend. I love though that you, like, I would be interested to see what the internet would say is like, but was the orange juice your fault? It could have been my fault, Alex. But that's not the point. You know, you know what I Mean? That wasn't the punch lesson. This is the blame game. You know, I'm going to blame her and I will continue to blame her for declaring beef jerky. First of all, even if I didn't have acid mushrooms and ecstasy, or sorry, edibles, mushrooms and acid. That's what I brought on that trip. Even if I had those non-threatening items that people wanna get upset about, you know what I mean?


No one, even if I didn't have that, I don't have time for someone who's gonna declare a beef jerky stick. I agree with you. What are you gonna do? Infect a farm animal with that? Like, it's wrapped Up. What is this sheet of acid look like? Oh, it's beautiful. It's got this like big Buddha on it. And Whistler. I have a ski house in Whistler that I spend my winters in. Yeah. And I get the, they have the best drugs in Canada. Most things are legal. It's all microdose. You know, it's nothing too crazy. It's not like I'm tripping my balls off. But I like a little mood lifter. So it's a big Buddha lady and she's, and and it's one big sheet and it's got like 376 hits on it. And it lasts me throughout the year. And I drug people wherever I go, I hit people.


I'm like, you have to take this. It's such a mood lifter. Really? And answer. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. Do you think I should try It? I mean, I don't know that you need anything else. You don't think, I feel like you're pretty amped up. Yeah. But what I do, like we went whale watching in Australia. And so I took it like for that. Like, oh, we're gonna go see whales. I wanna communicate with the animals. And so are You making noises? No, no, no. I just know where like I, yeah, I could tell where the pods of whales were before they could even pop up out of the water. And my c and cousin, I was like, the guy on the boat would say, everybody go to the right. There was like 150 people on the boat. And he'd be like, okay, there's a pod of whales to the right and they take you out of Sydney Harbor and you go out into these huge swells.


Everyone's throwing up. Not me. 'cause I'm fucking seaworthy, you know, and everyone's throwing up and, and then he's like, okay, there's a pot of whales at 45 degrees and everyone on the boat runs to the one side of the boat. And I'd be like, there's also a pot of whales coming up over here. And finally my cousin Molly came up to me and she's like, why are you staying in the same spot? I'm like, because I am in communication with the whales Molly. Wow. Because I took LSD this morning and she goes, it's kind of amazing that you've been right about where the whales are each time. And I was like, it would be kind of amazing if you had taken LSD too instead of your beef fucking chopstick.


I'm sorry. But the thought of being on a fucking boat on LSD. I've never done LSD, but like, it sounds fucking horrible, Chelsea. It sounds like a fucking nightmare. Only you are like, woo. Everyone else is throwing up and they're sober. It's not, It's not woo. It's like, ah, ah, this is beautiful. Look at me. Look at me talking to this whale. Like, wow, I'm on a different vibration. Like everything's a little sparklier, a little bit more glittery. Like there's, you have patience for people that you normally wouldn't True. And I could see you on a boat with all those people whale watching, like you'd wanna fucking kill yourself. And they're well and they're vomiting.


So obviously


Here is a little secret Daddy Gang. Investing isn't actually all that complicated, especially with the investing app. Acorns, acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for you, your kids in your retirement. You don't need an expert. Okay? Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and you don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. That could be just five bucks or even some spare change. Okay. Daddy Gang, be smart with your money and make the right decisions. So sign up now and Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer only available@acorns.com slash Call Her Daddy, that's A-C-O-R-N s.com/c A-L-L-H-E-R-D-A-D-D-Y to get your $20 bonus investment today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns Advisors, llc, and S eec, registered investment advisor visit important disclosures at acorns dot coms slash Call Her Daddy.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you, Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes. Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well, guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay. So kick your old boyfriends to the Gerb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile Thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Okay. I'm gonna ask you situations and you're gonna tell me what drug you would wanna do in the situation. Sure. Great Girls trip in Ibiza. Molly Waiting in line at the DMV. Oh God, I guess Pot. Pot. A first date. Just alcohol. Okay. Your sister's wedding. Molly Watching the notebook Acid. What? I need a lifter for that. Like, for That's okay. Okay. A karaoke bar. Oh God. I would need, I would need something serious. Mix a little something I probably haven't even tried yet because I can't sing and so I don't wanna be seen singing. I don't wanna You can't.


No, no, no. I can't sing and I can't dance. What if We just hit a tune right now? I can't, I can't sing. Defying gravity. Defying gravity. Yeah. Let's move on. Okay. Grocery shopping. Don't do it. You Don't go ever. I try not to. Okay. Niece's high school graduation. Oh, that would be drugs for sure. Okay. Oh my. Yeah. My nephew's bar mitzvah. I was handing everybody edibles at that, at that event. Oh, that's at my cousin's wedding. I handed even my, my cousin's mother, who I think is my cousin. Oh. I gave her a little shit. Little hit of Ls d She didn't know what what it was, but I said, just take this, your night's gonna enhance.


Oh. And, and she took it and she had a great time. The Good thing about getting drugs from you is one, I know you've already tried them two, you're rich. So I feel like you are sourcing the best shit. And I feel like I'd be safe with you. Like, I wouldn't feel like, oh God, I'm gonna have a bad trip because this is laced with something like I feel like you're really Yeah. You know what you're doing. Yeah. I, I know what I'm doing. Yeah. I have, I was once, I mean, this is a little segue, but I'll take it. Okay. The, I, I was in Myorca and I was, there was this, I, I take acid to Myorca and I dose everyone, all my friends come. They have mind numbing, bending experiences. We all have a great time. Is It legal in Myorca? Is as legal anywhere.


I Think it is legal in things are legal in Spain that aren't legal everywhere, but who knows? Anyway, no one's really looking for acid. You know what I mean? They're not gonna see that sheet of that Buddha woman and go, was that acid? Yeah. They're gonna be like, oh, she's a really good artist. And I saw this elderly couple walking down the street and they just looked so in love. Like they were in their eighties. Sure. And they were holding hands. And I was on LSD, my whole group of friends was on LSD. And I said, look how beautiful that is. Like, they're still into each other. This man loves her. He was holding her one hand with both of his hands. And I stopped them and I was like, you guys are so cute. Like, what's the story? They're like, this is our 50th wedding anniversary and I have a house in Myorca. So I wasn't far from my house.


And I said, oh my God, your 50th wedding anniversary. I was like, that's incredible. What are you guys gonna do? And they're like, we're just walking around the port. And I said, this is, I have two kayaks that are in front of my house on the beach. I said, th these are my kayaks. I said, please take them and go out for like a midnight stroll. It's so beautiful. Under the sky in my york. Oh, the stars and the moonlight. I said, please take these kayaks. And I also have some LSD. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I got their medical background. Neither of them had a heart condition or any sort of thing to be alarmed about. And I said, I have these little tabs. I go, don't be scared. They're microdose. Oh my God. They were only enhanced if you are happy now, you can't imagine the level of happiness you are going to achieve if you take these.


And, and the man was like, oh, we're, we're good. We're good. We're in, we're in love. I go, no, no. Please trust me. You know, please and please. She's like, either. And the woman goes, I'd like to try some. And I said, so I gave her a hit. I gave him a hit. They decided to take one kayak. Oh. They went out to the port. I forgot about them. I was with my friends. I was at some bar restaurant. I went to bed. We all went to bed. I woke up in the ne the next morning I was out on my terrace. It was like 7:00 AM I'm working out and I see the kayak pull up, shut the fuck up. And I'm like, who? Oh my God. They're, that's that couple that I gave my kayak to. I go, have they been out all night?


And I live in this port, and so you can kayak out into the Mediterranean, but there's all these little coves. And they came up the beach and they're walking towards me and I'm waving to them. I'm like, Hey guys. And they come up to the stairs to my house and I open my gate and they come in and they go, we spent the whole night in an alcove, like one of those caves. Oh my God. We kayaked into a cave. And we spent our 50th wedding anniversary up all night talking about all of our favorite memories. You gave us the best gift we could have ever been given. And I was like, I had tears in my eyes, you know, like, like, I'm like, I'm a healer, Chelsea. I am healing people. And and then the woman looked at me and she goes, do you have anymore?


No. And I, and I did. And I gave it to her. Of course, you know, Chelsea, As I share you are like a, like a, A shaman Shaman. Yeah. You're like a drug doula or whatever the Fuck. I want people to experience the great listen, drugs are not for everyone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I respect that. And I understand that it can be a problem for many people, but they're for me. I Wanna come to my orca. Yeah. I'm inviting myself. I Heard, I heard that. I Heard that. I feel like you have a big enough house. I could kind of like, You could come to Myorca. Yeah. I'll give you the house for a week. You can use That. No, no, no. I wanna be there with you. I I know, I know you do. You're like, yeah, here's the keys.


We'll, we'll set a date. I'm not there. But this Alice, like, listen, I'm not, people aren't like hallucinating. It's a mood lifter and a life enhancer. And I really believe it is medicinal. And I am pro that. Do you do anything when you're skiing? Yeah, All the time. Oh, edibles smoke Pot. Is it true that you fucked your ski instructor? Yeah. Several. What, how does that come about? Well, how doesn't it come about? You tell me how you keep your hands off of someone who's keeping staying in charge of your body on a mountain that can ski better than you. That's hot. How are you, how do you not have sex with that person? You tell me Alex. Well, to be fair, I feel like skiing can be like a little bit of a catfish situation. 'cause you're like, what's going on under there?


Have you ever been like, oh, Oh, oh. Right. That's a good point actually. Right. They looked a little sexy. Yes. And then they're a little not because they take off the gator and they take off everything and you're like, that's not what I thought you were. That's what That that once happened to me. Scuba diving. Oh, I had a, a dive instructor. We were in French Polynesia. Oh. And we were diving and we were on this boat and we had two dive masters and we were diving with like black tip reef sharks and white tip reef sharks. Yeah. And they were pretty big. And I wasn't really good at scuba diving at that point. I had just gotten certified and I was really nervous. And I kept like, you know, you're under so far, you're so far underwater that it's, it's scary that you can't just go back up. Yes. And I saw this, my cousin Molly again, this fucking once, Jesus, she pulls the bottom of my ankle and I looked down and there's a huge, like eight foot black tip reef shark underneath.


And I panic. And I'm like having, I'm shaking. And, and my goggles, I can't clear my goggles. I didn't, I I kept getting water in them, so I couldn't really see. So you couldn't see anything. And I, and so I start panicking and I start going, trying to swim to the surface. And then the dive master came down, put my goggles right on my face, cleared my mask, and then looked at me and like held my hands. And he's like, and he's like, motioning to breathe in and breathe out. And I'm looking at him and I'm like, and he's holding my hands. And then he's like, he's like, do you wanna go up? And I was like, I wanna, you know, I wanna stay with you. And, and I was like, I am.


And then for the rest of the dive, he and I held hands and we do, we swam around all the sharks while he guided me because he was now in charge of me. And this is a very big turn on to me. And a lot of women, I think, who have been neglected in their childhood by their fathers and, and, and all my friends. So we had two dive masters. There were 10 of us. I had one. And the rest of them, the nine of them had one. And so I had commandeered this guy. And so we're holding hands diving and I'm like, I'm gonna have to fuck this guy. You know, when we get to the surface, I'm gonna fuck this guy. I am so turned on. He saved my life and I am attracted to him. Right. And then when we got to the top of the surface, we got in the boat, he took his mask off and I was like, get the fuck away from me.


Don't even look at me again. Giving like, ogre Just not attractive. Not your vibe. Not my vibe at all. And he was like really looking after me. And I had to be like, it's over now that we're on the surface of the water, that was one relationship was underwater and now there's a different relationship. That's pretty good. Yeah. But you were able to cut it off. Yeah. I mean he wasn't, You didn't pity fuck him. No, no, no. I, no, no, no. Are you often pity fucking people? That's a great question. Yeah. I have to say, you know, you do ask great questions Alex. And I don't say that like, wow. But I mean obviously it's, you've had a very successful career that is going to continue to be successful.


But when I was listening to your last interview, huh? I think Amy said that to you and I was like, yes. You really are a good interviewer. These questions are good questions. These questions inspire me to wanna ask better questions on my own podcast. But I'm too lazy to do that kind Of research. But I also have to just say, I appreciate that. The thing that got you to be like, damn, like you're so good as me asking if you pity fuck people. You're like, Alex, you're the next big thing. But do okay, let's talk about pity. Fuck. Because I've pity fucked. Yeah, I'm sure I've pity fucked. I mean, I, I wouldn't say I, I've done that recently, but I'm, I'm trying to think back to a time where, yeah, where you have a guy in your hotel room and you're like, oh God, how am I gonna get out of this? Yeah.


And then you're just like, maybe it's easier just to fucking, Because it can be quick. The fucking Yeah. Well hopefully in that case. But, but, but no, if I'm grossed out, I will. You're out. I'm bouncing. What is the best one night stand you've ever had? So many. I mean, I had so many fun one night stands in my twenties and thirties. Oh, it's the best one. That's really hard. It's okay. I once Had sex with this guy. What was his name? I like to be able to call people out with their first and last names, which is gonna be hard for this 'cause I don't even remember his first name. But I once had sex. I don't know if this was the best. Yeah. But it was sexy.


Oh. And it wasn't a one night stand. I went on for like a week, but it was like a one night thing. I was in the, at the London Olympics in 2012, I believe. And I was staying with my, a couple of gay friends of mine had a house. And I was walking home late one night, or I was being driven home and I was walking down the street to their house and this really sexy British guy just, we just locked eyes and it was like sex, you know what I mean? Yeah. And I, I was like, something you would see in a movie. And I, and I was like, Ugh, I'm in London. This was an impromptu trip. I'm like, what if I just had an affair with this guy? And I walked past him and I stopped and I turned around and he had stopped.


And it was late at night. Like this was dangerous. You know, it could have been. And it was late at night. And he said, would you like to come back to my place? And that was first that straight up, that was the first thing he said. The eye look that we had was so intense at that. I was like, yes. And we went back to his house. I mean, I, we barely spoke. I went over there every night after the Olympics for a week. Had a full on affair with this guy. I don't even know if I know his last name or his First Clearly, or his first. And we had this incredible, it was just like, like just chemistry, but not a lot of like getting to know each other. It was just purely sexual, kinda nice.


And then I'd be like, okay, I am gonna the Olympics tomorrow. Like, and he is like, are you gonna come back tomorrow night? I'm like, yes, definitely. And then I'd get home at like 10. I'd be like, I'm coming over. And he'd be like, great. And we'd have a couple drinks and then we'd have crazy sex. And then I'd go back to the friends and the friends whose house I was staying at. I never even told them what was going on. I don't know why, because I don't, I, it was just felt so steamy and like sexy and I wanted to keep it to myself. You know what I mean? I think that's how people feel with an actual affair, sadly. Yeah. Yeah. But you weren't cheating on your husband, you were just having a Claim. No, but I would cheat on my husband. You know what I mean? Like, I definitely would. That's why I'm not married. Can I ask, you've talked about how sex has gotten better as you've gotten older. What has gotten better Sex?


The, I mean, this isn't kind of a boring thing to say, but Okay. You're just more into your body and being pleased and asking for what you want. Yeah. And you don't care about your cellulite, you don't care about the way that you look or if they see you in overhead lighting. I don't care what I look like on top of you or underneath you. I'm hot. I, I, now I know it. So like, you're be, you're lucky to be fucking me. And that's what makes it sexy. Know what I mean? Every woman needs to clip that from themselves when they're about to go out on a date night. We'll make that a TikTok. 'cause it is very inspiring when you just said that. Like, it seems simple, but then I get it when I think back to when I was having sex in college, I was like thinking of everything but actually enjoying myself.


So, Absolutely. And I hate that. I hate that women feel that way. Yeah. And we talk about it all the time. I know you talk about it on this all the time. Women don't ask for what they want. They're, they're, they don't even orgasm. You don't even orgasm half the time because you're just worried about pleasing men or, or not being confident about asking for what you want. So, I mean, that's totally true. As you get older, you're just like, this is what I want. Can you provide it? You know, these are the rules and this is what's gonna happen. Let's Talk about your love life. Okay. Are you seeing anybody right now? Yes. Oh. Hmm. Tell me everything. Spill the teeth.


I've been down that road before with having a public relationship. Yeah. You're not doing it. My last relationship. No, it's not that. It's, it's more out of respect for their privacy. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, I don't want him to have to be exposed to my world. No, we don't need to know anything about him. But tell me about you. Like, when did you meet him? Like how are you feeling? I met him a long time ago, but we didn't, we didn't really become like, like lovers until like about six or seven months ago. How Does that happen? Because I feel like so many people know people that they would like to have sex with, but then if you didn't do it immediately, it's like, how did you bridge the gap? Did you initiate, did he initiate? I Invited him to Myorca on a trip with a group of friends. Everyone's getting invited but me. Yeah, I know almost now that we're talking about it, it's almost like everyone has been except for you.


I invited him on. I've known him for years. I've always been attracted to him. Huh. But he was not available. And I always have wanted, like someone like him in my life. Okay. He's hot. Oh, he's awesome. He's sweet and so caring and completely sees me and understands that I am not available a lot. Yep. You know what I mean? Yeah. My life is pretty crazy. And he appreciates that. And he's around when I want him to be. And he's great. I mean, listen, I go through periods where I have multiple lovers and that's kind of like what I wanted to do when I was a little girl.


I wanted to grow up and be a woman that did have multiple lovers. I've never been interested in marriage. I'm not interested in long-term commitments to work to people, to anything. I am a free spirit and I want to remain a and soar like an eagle. The Vicodin just hit. I wanna, She's like, I'm in the sky. I want to soar like an eagle with my heart and legs wide open. No, I've, I've had, I I I love men. Yeah. Listen, I love men. You know what I mean? Yeah. And I wanna have adventures with lots of them. And, and I try to make sure everybody knows that's where I'm coming from.


That's when I'm in a relationship or any sort of, you know what I mean? Yeah. I'm very upfront. I'm not a liar. You're Direct. I'm just like, listen, this is the deal. Do you want in? Okay, let's pretend you're not dating someone. Okay. And I'm gonna describe a man for you and you're gonna let me know if you would date him. Okay? Yeah. Take a little sip. Okay. Mix the alcohol with the Vicodin. Let's see if it gets weirder. Okay. No, I hope my doctors are listening to this. The, is it gonna be a problem that you're getting surgery tomorrow and you're drinking? No. They told me not to eat today. That I have to be on a liquid diet. But do you think they meant liquid by like alcohol? No, I don't think they think they meant that. But they know what, listen, my doctors understand who they're dealing with. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Half the time I'm correcting them. Okay. He's rich and successful, but only flies economy to save money and not like first class, like back Of the plane.


Okay. Am I interested in him? Yeah. I mean, I'm not interested in flying with him, but I'm interested in him. Yes. I like that. I do Too, but I'm not flying economy with him. Totally Love that. He's built like Jason Momoa. But he's scared of your dogs. Not, not. No. No. I don't like men that are scared of dogs. I agree. It's one of the bigger red flags. Why? What happened to you? Were you attacked by a wolf? Like if you are scared of dogs, something is wrong with you. And I don't appreciate that at all. And your Dogs are Adorable unless you were attacked by a dog. Yes. And you're a woman, Period. He's been healed through therapy, but he refuses to go down on you.


No, no. I love when guys go down on me. Is it like a hard thing for you? If they're horrible, do you teach or you just get rid of them? Well, Who going down on you? Yeah. Just like, ah. Oh. I mean, I mean that going down on you could work because like that's pretty much they're gonna hit the target at some point. But you can pretty much in, in the position where a man is going down on you, you have most likely your hands on their head directing them exactly where to go. But if someone kisses me in a sloppy gross way, that is unrecoverable. I Agree. Yeah. A bad kiss makeout is, it's kind of unforgivable.


Yeah. You can't kind of come back from that. I agree. Okay. He makes you laugh harder than anyone, but he hates that you're funnier than him. I don't mind that. You don't. No. A little competition. I don't care if somebody hates that. I'm, that's not my problem. That's their problem. Okay. He's your best Friend. A great, again, great line of questioning. Alex. Thank you. These are great questions. Thank You. It's really sparking a debate. He's your best friend, but his best friend is his mom. He's my best friend. I don't want him to be my best friend, first of all. So that's already a cancel. I don't need, I don't need a guy, my lover, to be my best friend. That's stupid. I love how that wasn't like the problem of, no, That wasn't the even the question, but I'll just cut you off.


Okay. Have you ever fucked a mama's boy? No. That's not my thing. Really? No. I mean, you have to respect your mother, but not a mama's boy. I find that to be Odd. Yeah. Like the same way like a daddy's girl. Like, come on, we're all adults here. Grow, grow up. You've never been a daddy's girl. I mean, maybe I was a dad. No, not really. Okay. My dad didn't, wasn't that impressed with me. And I wasn't that impressed with him, quite frankly. I thought you were just gonna say, my dad wasn't that I impressive. I was gonna say my dad wasn't that attractive. I wasn't That attractive. I never wanted to fuck My dad. I wasn't that attracted to my father. We're not interested in fucking our dads over here.


That's a fabulous answer. Thank you. Okay. He's tall, dark, he's tall, dark and handsome. But his whole Instagram is selfies. No, no, no. Oh. I mean, I've definitely met guys on Raya where that is the case. And then I, I've, I've definitely had sex with guys like that. I don't know about dating guys like that. I mean, selfies, not really. Yeah. Like imagine you walk into your bathroom and he's like, shirtless taking a Picture. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're right. I the selfies. No, actually, when I think about it, You being on Raya at a point in your life, have you ever fucked a dj? DJ Diplo? Is that who you're talking about? Not specifically Diplo, but if you fucked Diplo? No, because I didn't fuck him. No. Oh, okay. Good. I wanted to, I wanted to.


I, I did a segment with him once on my Netflix show, and I was like, he's hot. And then, you know, he's not that hot to me anymore. But a dj. No, I've never fucked a dj. Not that I'm aware of. That is very good. To clarify, I feel like I could see you fuck a dj. Me too. I could see that. Yeah. Yeah. Like you're on LSD, you're bumping. Yeah, But I don't, yeah, I'm not really good at dancing either. So dancing and singing are the two things. That's what I really appreciate about Wicked, is that they could dance and sing. I'm always amazed by people who can do that. Like Zoe Zel, Donna and Amelia Perez. She, I didn't know she could dance and sing. I was having this debate with someone the other day, though. Would you rather be really good at singing or be funny?


I would rather be funny. Yeah. Yeah. Not that that's, you know, they're not great. I'm just saying like, I'm basically trying to hype you up in the process. It's okay that you're basically so fucking awful at these things. You're funny. So take it or Leave it. Yeah. I, I, yeah. You can't have it all. And this one lasts kind of forever. Anyways, now that we're comparing. Okay. You've been on your he healthy therapy journey, I feel like. But before that, what was your most toxic trait in a relationship? Like, give me tangible, I know you're a fucking eagle with your leg spread, but what were you really toxic with? I Think certain people bring out toxicity, you know what I mean? Like, certain dynamics are toxic. So like, you don't belong with certain people because they bring out the worst in you. You bring out the worst in you.


Gimme An example. I had An ex-boyfriend we dated for a couple of years, and we had a very toxic, very, like, like I would look through his phone, he cheated on me. He would be out to all hours. I'd be paranoid about it. I, it was, it was the, the worst version of me that I've ever experienced. I remember I was, I was filming, I was shooting Chelsea lately at the time. I was working on that show. And I, I would be so consumed about when he was gonna call and, and how late he was out at night. 'cause he lived in New York and I lived in LA and, and we had this great chemistry. So we had so much fun together. And it was, and then, but it was toxic and there was gamesmanship and he didn't wanna be controlled.


And I was trying to control him. And, you know, none of that's the worst. None of that works ever. You can't ever try to control anyone. And if anyone's gonna cheat, they're, they're going to, they're not gonna, not because you're calling them. Are You talking about 50 cent? No, no, no. He was beautiful. He was a sweetheart. He was so sweet. Yeah. I bring it up every time I talk to you. A lot of people bring that up. People seem to really like that story. I wonder why, why do you think that is? I just think you're both such huge personalities and picturing you together. I I am trying to picture a conversation between you two. And I don't, like, I read his Instagram captions, for example, you know, I mean, Well, yeah, I hear what you're saying.


He was a sweetheart. Like my whole, all my friends when I dated him just fucking loved it. 'cause he'd come over to our house every night and he have, he'd have like a Lamborghini one day and then like a yellow Ferrari the next day. And meanwhile I realized he was borrowing all these cars from different dealerships. I was like, you can do that, you know? I'm like, oh. And then I got a Bentley. I got a chocolate Ben Bentley because he kept coming over every night and he have a different car. So, as a joke, I went and bought a chocolate Bentley. I didn't know you could borrow cars and as a celebrity. So I went and bought a chocolate Bentley, and then we broke up. So there I am stuck with this chocolate Bentley, like a fucking white dumb bitch asshole driving around like I'm some rapper. And I had that Bentley, which was a really nice car, by the way.


I had that Bentley for like two years. Okay. What's The most unhinged thing you've ever done during a breakup? I bought an ex-boyfriend, the, the toxic one actually. Okay. He had a, he has a house in upstate New York, and like an estate. And I knew I had to break up with him at some point, but I wanted him to really feel it, you know. And I bought, go out with a bang. I bought, he had this huge drive that lead that, that led up to his estate. Okay. And it, and it is an estate. I use that word because it, that's what it is. It's a huge farm. It's gorgeous. It's on the Hudson River. And I bought him 35 linden trees that I'm pretty sure I imported from Germany at the time.


Very extravagant. How Expensive Is that? Who knows? No. And I had like 17 put lined on either side of the driveway so that they would grow and form a canopy so that when you drove in, you drive into his house under this ally of trees. And I knew that every winter, I mean that every spring and every fall, the leaves would change and bloom and, and it would be beautiful. And that everyone who saw them would be like, where, where did you get these trees? And every winter, I mean, sorry. Every fall and every spring I get a text from him, shut the fuck up, going, I can't believe I lost you.


Look at your trees. Do you want to come see them? And I'm always like, not interested. That was just a message to you. You're good. That was a good breakup. Present The fact that that's a break. And how did you tell him you were giving this to him? Well, I gave it to him as like a birthday present, but I knew I was leaving. And then you said goodbye. Yeah. And then the trees got planted after I was gone, you know, and so that was like, that felt great. I mean, the fact that that will stick with him forever and you have nothing to remind you of him. That's beautiful. Yeah. That was like your last big toxic hit. And then you're out. Yeah. And then, and then I haven't had a toxic relationship since then. Proud of you. So that was kind of like, I went out with a bang and nature, So Gorgeous.


You know, what would be good for you to have your dogs during your interviews? So I've thought about that, but I couldn't tell like, 'cause I think it helps people. I think anyone who's coming on this show understands that they're gonna dish. Right? Yeah. They know what's up. Yeah. You're Gonna tell me the big thing soon, right? Of course. You're gonna, you're getting up to the big Yes. I'm pregnant. I'm pregnant. Okay. And, and I've already gotten an abortion during this interview, all within this time. But they know they're coming here, so I don't know that you need the dogs, but I, no, I like it. I like the idea of people softening and 'cause dogs make people feel happy. Let's talk about our dogs. What is The most elaborate thing you've ever done for your dogs? Well, I've, I've, I've, I once flew one of my dogs privately alone What?


To meet me in Whistler, Canada, because I thought there was a quarantine when I first started going there. And I didn't know I could bring my dog. So I, I flew myself there first. And then when I found out you don't have to quarantine your dogs, I sent for chunk and he got on a plane with two pilots and a manifest that said chunk handler. So that was one extravagant thing that is fucking imagine being those pilots. That's exactly right. The other thing I've done is I'm in Maine, it's Covid, and I'm, I'm trying to fuck Andrew Cuomo at the time because I had a hot, hot thing for Andrew Cuomo. He was hot at the time. Yeah, he was hot. And anyway, I rented this house in Maine and it was in a, and I, and then Andrew Cuomo blew me off.


This is in the book, by the way. And this is the book and in my standup special, which is coming out after the book. But he, he, I, once he, I realized it wasn't happening with Andrew Cuomo. We had a long flirtation or a short one, but I was led to believe I'd be penetrated by him at some point. And when that didn't happen, I was with my brothers and sisters and a bunch of friends at this house that I'd rented in Maine. And I was like, God, I didn't bring Bur and Bernice. I've just been rejected by a man. It's, it's, it's COV, I'm single. A lot of people during c were who were single feared that maybe they would never get penetrated again. Maybe that was it. You know, what if I never am allowed to have sex again? So it was a, it was a rejection, a dejection.


It was, it was deep. And I, I was like, I came downstairs and I said to my sister, Simone, like, I need Bur and Bernice here. I'm pissed that they're not here. I don't know what I was thinking. We're here for a month. Like, I need some comfort and I'm not flying my dogs privately. That's ridiculous. Like, I did that once and I was shamed for it. And I, I don't wanna be that egregious. So she said, let me figure it out. And she came downstairs and said she had found a service. There was a couple that could drive my dogs from California to Maine, and then they could be there in 48 hours. We, it was a Monday at 7:00 PM on, and I was like, 48 hours. I was like, is that, is that even possible? But you know, when things go my way, I don't ask a lot of questions.


I'm like, great. So Wednesday at like seven 30, this couple pulls up in this like trailer hitch situation, like a van attached to something else. I don't know the vernacular for those types of things, because, you know, and my dogs kind of scuttled out, and my dogs aren't very affectionate. They were both, they're both dead now. But they were, they were just both aloof. They were brother and sister combo platter, and they were chow chows. And they're just kind of like slow, sluggish, and just seemingly off. And I, I said to the couple that pulled out, I was so grateful, you know, to see my dogs. Of course, I was so anyone who has an animal understands. And I went inside to make them a thank you cocktail.


I went inside to my, to the kitchen. My brother Roy was cooking. He's the chef in our family. Okay. And he was cooking, and he was like, I, I, I said he, I grabbed a bottle of Belvedere, grabbed some cocktail glasses, and he goes, what are you doing? And I said, I'm making the couple that just delivered Bur and Bernice, a thank you cocktail. And he said, don't make them more than one round. Chelsea like, very sternly. He's talking to me and I'm like, excuse me. I go, what's your problem? He goes, look at me. And he lowered his glasses to the bottom of his nose, like in a very serious, like, avuncular way. And he goes, look at me. Anybody who drove from California to Maine in 48 hours is on crystal meth.


Dude, did you go back out there and like, take a harder glance? No. I went back out there with the cocktails and I was like, I'm not judgy. You know, whatever it takes. So I go, I don't know anything about crystal meth. I mean, I do a lot of drugs, but I'm not like, you know, I'm not doing that. Yeah. Jewish, we don't do that. So I, I hand them the cocktails and the guy's like, thanks. Hello. You know, we can't be, we can't stay for long. We have to be in Florida by midnight. That's, that's also not a five hour drive. I'm like, okay. But the next couple of days, the dogs were walking around like very aimlessly. Oh. And bumping into like, and one my dog like stared at a paddleboard for almost like 20 minutes. And I'm sitting outside on this like front yard of this house that we rented on this beach.


It was so beautiful with my brother Roy. And I go, what's wrong with Bur and Bernice? Like, and he goes, what, what's wrong with them, Chelsea? You just sent your dogs on a high speed meth and femine car chase across the country because a governor wouldn't fuck you during a global pandemic. What the fuck? He's like, they're detoxing. They're coming down. Yeah, they're coming down off the drug. Yeah, they were coming down. So that was, and then the next day, like the bushes were there, the bushes were in Kenny Bunk port the next day. Barbara Bush, George w Bushes. Yeah. You know, one of the twins, Barbara and Jenna, she's like, she texted me, she's like, sissy, we call each other sissy.


She's like, sissy, I, I hear you're in Biddeford pool, which is where we were staying. And I was like, yeah. And she's like, we're coming by. She comes by, unbeknownst to me, brings the first lady with her. There's like three secret service people. And they're sitting on my porch. We're all talking, I'm trying not to be seen with that many Republicans. You know what I mean? I'm like, fuck, is there a drone around? Like, I can't be seen with a former First Lady. And then Bert, Barbara Bush loved my dog, Bert, she loved him. She understood his body type the way I did. Like just a bundle of meat, you know? And he was, and she was like, why is Bert acting? I'm like, he's sick. He's sick. 'cause I know, you know, like, I'm not gonna bring up Brist the to the fucking First lady. And my brother Roy's out there, and I knew he was about to fucking say something. I'm like, you shut up. Do not, you know how Republican First Ladies act about drugs?


You know, there's a war on them. And I don't want them to think me and my loose lifestyle that I'm drugging my dogs. So it was pretty ridiculous. They recovered, I think. You Think we in Anou you have new dogs? I have a new dog. Doug Dog. Yeah. He's black and beautiful. He's a full chow. Oh yeah. And a rescue. A full chow rescue. What? Yeah. Yeah. Are you lying? No. Oh, no, no, no. I think our Dogs need to Meet. I would never lie about anything. I mean, okay. Why would I, I don't know. I have nothing to hide. You don't I ever, you think I've, after everything that I've divulged today, I'm gonna lie about my dog being a rescue. I mean, honestly, Alex Cooper, just, God forbid You wanna like, get more street Cred.


No, no, no. You don't give a shit. I bought a dog once. I returned him though. Oh, Fuck. Yeah. That's Where a loser. He was a loser. That dog. Why? He's just a fucking lunatic. I, I don't like, I like lazy dogs. Yeah. I want, but this dog I have now, Doug, he's black. I wanted a dog of color. Yeah. And he is so beautiful and friendly and a, and a real dog. I like, I have had such zombies for dogs for so long because I don't really want to exercise with them and do that stuff. Yeah. That I appreciate dogs that are a little bit on the lazy side. Yeah. I've never had a dog like Doug, and he just brings so much joy to everyone he meets. He looks like a bear.


This is an advertisement from Better Help. I cannot express how much of a Game Changer Therapy has been for me over the past few years. I would not be anywhere near where I am today without it. Going on a therapy journey gave me the tools I needed to set healthy boundaries, practice clear communication, and end the unhealthy habits that were holding me back. Setting aside time to focus on yourself is so crucial for Personal Growth and Daddy Gang. You do not have to do it alone. In a society that glorifies being extremely independent, it's so easy for us to forget that we are so much better when we have a support system. Therapy can be that amazing source of support you're looking for in any area of your life. Whether you are working on finding balance or you're goal setting, or you're trying to break toxic patterns, it all just gets so much easier when you ask for help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Health can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. This month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing is worth it. So don't miss it. For a limited time visit better help.com/daddy to get 90% off your first week. That's better. Help HEL p.com/daddy.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jack in the box, Jack's new crispy boneless wings pack. So Munch Crunch, you guys. I love a good wing. These wings are super crunchy, unlike other boneless wings that get soggy and they're kind of just like mushy. We all know how that is. Jack's wings retain the crunch so that you have the best of both worlds s sauciness and Crunch. And let's talk about the sauces, because you will love them so much. You gotta try the new smoke show Smoky barbecue sauce and the Honey garlic sriracha. Both. I love a good honey garlic sriracha flavor. It is something that gets my gears going. And when I have a little smoky barbecue sauce lathered on my wings, I cannot be stopped. Okay. I love a good wing, but if it does not have a crunch, I start to be like, what is this texture? And why is it happening? So Daddy Gang, you can always get so munch more at Jack in the Box, like free food when you sign up for the Jack app.


Do you ever bring your dogs to Dog Parks? I don't. I try not to go to Dog Parks. I've had some of the worst interactions with human beings at Dog Parks. What happened? I was looking for Doug, actually. They were bringing Doug to showcase me. This chow rescue that I got my last dogs from. They knew I was down one dog and looking for a, you know, a refill. So they brought these two dogs to a dog park in Brentwood. I went to the wrong dog park and I open, you know how they have these metal gates? Yeah. And I walk in and I'm like looking around to see if the people with the dogs are anywhere. And, and some guy screams at me going, shut the door now, or shut the gate. Shut the gate. And you know, it's like they have two gates to get into the dog park one.


And then, and I, and I looked at him like, I'm five feet away from the gate. There's, there are no dogs anywhere except for him and his two dogs, which he has on leashes. And he's like 50 yards away screaming. And I'm like, are you talk? I'm like, sir, shut the fuck up. Can you, Ruth, please relax. And he is charging towards me. And I'm like, sir, calm, calm down. He goes, it just takes two seconds for one of these dogs to get out of the street and get hit on Barrington. And then what? And I'm like, sir, something happened to you today and it has nothing to do with me, so please stop talking to me. And I go and stop looking at me. Actually, you're freaking me out. And I'm looking at my phone trying to figure out if I'm at the wrong dog park.


'cause there's two kind of catty corner. Yeah. Yeah. Don't say Cattycorner, but, and I, and so I'm looking down and then he goes, all of you celebrities think you can just get away with murder. And then I looked up on behalf of celebrities everywhere I was offended. Do you know what I mean? And I looked up, I go, I'm sorry, sir, that's really uncalled for. I said, there are no dogs here except for yours that are on leashes. I'm close to the gate. No dog could run past me. And he goes, you're a whore. Chelsea Handler. What the fuck? You're A whore. And I obviously started laughing because I was like, What the fuck do you even say to that? Like, we're literally talking about our dogs and you're just like taking it that aggressive.


It was, and then I realized he was gay on top of it, which was a double whoopsy doodle. 'cause I'm like, first of all, I think I've proven my allyship right for fucking, since I was, before I was born. And obviously no straight man is screaming like that at a, at a dog park. You know what I mean? No. Straight man is like, get outta here. That is, that's a pretty wild moment though, to have someone scream in your face like that. Yeah. But I feel like you handled that well. Well, there was another guy that was walking up, luckily, because then he heard him. He goes, whoa, whoa, whoa. Like, do you need any backup here? And I'm like, no, no. I just have a crazy gay I'm dealing with right now. And, and then the guy, the the gay guy got in his minivan and started taking pictures of me. And I started smiling and waving. I was like, hi.


And then I was like, should we get one together? You know, like he was gonna report me or something. The Dog Parks are not for the week. Like, I went once and my dogs got some type of rash. Oh. Oh. So I don't know. I don't, yeah. I'm not into Dog Parks. Listen, I don't really, I don't even walk my dog. Okay. Like I, let's be honest, Chelsea. I don't You Cuddle with them? Yeah. Okay. What do you think of dogs with food names when people name their dogs? Like macaroni noodles, chickpea. That's annoying. I like, my dog's name is Doug. My dog's name is Henry and Bruce. Exactly. Exactly. Like treat them as such. Yes. When you're like, when, when they call them a different animal, like, oh, skunk.


And you're like, why? Why are you calling? You know what I mean? Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I guess. I mean, I find dog talking about, like, I find dog jargon very irritating. People who are obsessed with their animals. Like I, and listen, I'm obsessed with my animal. Yeah. Like I am showing pictures of him. I'm totally guilty of it as well. Yeah. So it's very hypocritical. But I still don't like it. And I don't like, like the, like I have a dog person in Whistler that takes my dog on like three hour hikes every day. Yeah. And the way she talks about dogs, I just have to tune out. You know what I mean? Like, the first time I met a dog trainer in Whistler, this isn't who I have now, who I have now, Abby, who's very cool. But I had a woman who came and she said, okay, what are you looking today?


The first session will be a discovery session. And I'm like, okay, we're, let me cancel this meeting. Like I'm not dealing with you. And then she sent me links to YouTube videos to watch, recall videos about how I was gonna, I'm like, listen bitch, I'm not training him. You are. So you watch the video and then let me know what to do. 'cause we're not doing it together. It is crazy. Some people that are, I've had a a person come to my house and say like, we're gonna discover their personality. And I'm like, shut the fuck up. Seriously. Take the 200 bucks. Yeah. And like, teach him to do paw. She said, I, and by the way, I don't even want that. Why do, why do you want a paw? What? For, why? What is, is that cute? I don't think that's cute. No. It's good for training. Sit paw.


Treat Sit is fine. Sit. I just want them to not attack anyone. That's all I want is for my dogs to behave and be friendly to little children when they come and pet them. True. And not attack anyone. And I don't need them to run and do tricks and lie down and spin. It's all so dumb. It's a little circusy. Yeah. Are you having sex in the room with your dogs? Oh, that's a great question. My dog comes on the bed and he's so agile. He's, he's big and, and and furry. And he looks like he weighs like, I mean, he does weigh like 65 pounds, but when he jumps up on the bed, you can never hear him. So I, so all of a sudden we'll be having sex and we'll look up and Doug is just like this.


And I'm like, oh my god, Doug, I can't have him see his mother like giving a blowjob. Do you know what I mean? I don't want him to like lose You. I've had that where you're like, look, you're giving a little blowy and you see from the side eye, you're like, I Bruce. But the look on their face is like, they're like, what is Happening here? Yeah. Inquisitive. They're like, huh. Yeah. Yeah. Like, am I a part of this or am I not a part of? It's like, you're, you're definitely not a part of this and I need you to actually get the fuck off the bed because this is weird. I've had that also where I'm like getting eaten out and I like look over and he's just staring, like liking it a little too much. And I really, or the worst is like, I push them off the bed immediately. I'm not gonna kick them out of the room. I think people that are like, they can't even be in the room. I'm like, my dogs are, one dog is running to the corner.


The other one is like getting a little rambunctious and wanting to hump. And it's freaking me out. We cut his balls. But the problem is he likes the smell Of sex. Yes. So of your Pika Jew, he likes the smell of that. He's in. I think He's How do you know that? Because after he's like, smelling the sheets insane. Oh, we got a freak on our hands. Oh, wow. Yeah. So that's what I'm dealing with. Well, maybe you should go to the doctor. No, it's good. Do you know that it's a good smell that he's smelling? I know. Maybe something, maybe you have an infection. I know that my vagina smells fucking perfect. Shut the fuck up. Worry about yourself and your fucking crooked Arm. My my bitch.


Come from my vagina and I'll cut you because that's what's gonna trend my Crooked arm. My crooked arm. That's, That's what people will say. I have a smelly vagina. No, no, no, no. But, But I don't wanna get too defensive. So people are like, oh God, you hit a horse. Exactly. Well, I think you already did. Oh no. Oh, your Press. Oh my god. My pills. Okay. Your book comes out on your 50th birthday. Yeah. I'm gonna Be 50. How are you approaching your new decade? I'm just fucking psyched. Yeah, I'm psyched. You're ready? I'm happy. I'm just happy. My life is so fun. I'm happy that I get to do what I love to do. That I, that I like my family for The most part. There are a couple, couple, you know, but I, that I, that I have this life that I've created.


What Happened with Jane Fonda? Jane Fonda, the book in, there's a story in the book where Jane Fonda calls me over to her house, summons me. Quite frankly, this is like, I don't know how, I have no sense of time. So maybe 15 years ago, oh, summoned me to her house. And no, it was 10 years ago. It was 10 years ago. 'cause I was 40 and I'm about to turn 50. So she summoned me to her house. She sent me an email and said, I Chelsea, I'd like to talk to you about something. And it was a stern tone in the email. And I was like, she's like, are you free for dinner? And I'm like, sure. Absolutely. It's Jane Fonda. I'm always free for you. What and when. Yeah. And she's like, tonight actually it's seven 30.


I'll see you at my house. And I'm like, uhoh. Like, what? Oh fuck. I was like, what is this about? And I, my best friend at the time, I was like, what? What do you think? She's like, I don't know. That's so weird. I'm like, oh, can can you come with me? And she's like, I'm not invited. I'm like, I know. So I get to her house and I had been to her party a bir a, I think it was her birthday party. She had a party of some sort. And I had been to her party like months and months earlier. And she goes, you were terrible at that party. She goes, I don't know what drugs you were on, you insulted multiple people. You were a dark cloud hanging over the party. The whole conversation is in the book. So I'm probably, yeah, don't paraphrasing.


Yeah. But, and I was mortified obviously. And I, she wasn't wrong. I don't even, you know, I barely remember that party. I was on drugs. I'm sure who knows which ones. And I had, and I had just started therapy. I had just began therapy, thank God. Because you know, one of the first thing things you learn in therapy is like, if you are defensive about anything, then you're wrong or lying. Yes. You know what I mean? Like, if you're right, you don't have to defend yourself. Yeah. Like my vagina. Yeah, yeah. Like your vagina. Like you just did that with your vagina. And, and I was sitting there across from her and I was like, oh my God.


Oh my God. Oh my God, I'm mortified. This is so humiliating. And I was like, and I I just said, I'm, I'm, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I, I don't know what was wrong with me. And you're right. I I was terrible that night. I'm sure, because I don't really remember much of it. It's kind of hazy. I mean, I remembered the party, but I didn't remember specifics. And, and I, and in the midst of that humiliation and mortification, the more overarching sentiment was Wow, that's a sister. Yeah. Like, that's sisterhood. She is.


I mean, I met her once and I interviewed her and I was like, happy I got my words out. Her like, aura is so incredible and inspiring. And as women, I feel like, I'm like, wow. I am happy that I've gotten to like, meet someone like that. And now I'm happy that obviously we're friends and I've gotten to meet you. Love it. Do you have anything left to say? Give me the book. Throw me the fucking book. Don't you have it in your lap? Throw it. I can't. My shoulder. Oh, On Her, On her 50th. I wanna say happy birthday to you. Chelsea's book is coming out on her 50th birthday date. February 25th. I knew that. February 25th.


Same as every year. The book is coming out. Daddy Gang, if you wanna laugh, if you wanna cry and if you wanna fall more in love with We, why is there nothing in The book? Because it's a fake book. You idiot. My fucking, I mean that's actually, I what if that was the book? What if you had held it up and be like, I loved this part. And then you opened it up to nothing Specifically this chapter where it said, what the fuck No. Daddy Gang, go read the book. Chelsea, I love you. Love you too.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business. Easier call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Anyway, you bank.


Hey everyone, I'm Gypsy Rose Blanchard. So viewers will see in this season of life, after lockup my struggles and mistakes I made, how I handled myself. I'm excited about motherhood. I get to share with my child the things that I didn't get to experience as a child myself and Ken and I grew as a couple. Seeing how we navigate parenthood, seeing how we navigate our relationship, it's gonna be great. Gypsy Rose, life after lockup. New episode tonight at nine, only on lifetime.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.