
Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial Today,


Haagen Dazs is made to be savored and enjoyed slowly introducing new Haagen Dazs Belgian waffle cones. A completely new experience that's S worth slowing down for. Available in four delicious flavors, including my favorite toasted Almond Fudge. It's a crispy Belgian waffle cone full of luxurious vanilla ice cream Topped with toasted almonds and milk chocolate curls. And finished with fudge sauce at the bottom. Daddy Gang, I love, love, love, a good vanilla chocolate almond combo. So get yourself some ice cream New Haagen Dazs Belgian waffle cones available at retailers nationwide.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Star Face. Big news Daddy Gang star. Face the brand behind everyone's favorite pimple patches. Just launched a new face wash and moisturizer for breakout prone and sensitive skin that feature salicylic acid to help unclog pores and minimize breakouts. Hallelujah. Woo. We love this. Okay, the Foamy cleanser star Wash removes makeup and buildup while unclogging pores. It has the cutest little shimmer that's Mica based, microplastic free, and it disappears as you cleanse. And for a lightweight moisturizer, try Star Cream. It's super soft and hydrating without feeling heavy. You can find star, wash and star cream right now at Ulta Beauty Target and Star Face World. Experienced the transformation.


All all things love hopes, all things. Daddy Gang, I am so excited for today's guest. Are you ready? Ciara is here. She is a Grammy award-winning triple platinum musician. She's also an entrepreneur, cover model, fashion icon, wife, mother. I mean, god damn. Is there anything that she doesn't do? I cannot wait to sit down with her and get to know her today. I remember being so obsessed with her music when I was younger, fully had a dance routine to one, two step.


I still remember the choreography to this day. Maybe I will have to show her my dance moves. She like fully leaves and walks out. She's like, you're so bad. No, but in all honesty, you guys, if you think about it, in her two decade long career, Ciara has seen ups and downs. But our girls always come out on top. And Daddy Gang, we're getting into it. Today we are gonna discuss toxic relationships, knowing your worth, leveling up in all aspects of life. This episode is going to be, I already know it, full of wisdom and advice and just things that are gonna make you feel good. Okay? So come hang out with me and Ciara.


Ciara, This beef is, she's like, I'm not coming in now. Let's go. What is Up? Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy Ciara, welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you for having me. I am so happy you're here. First of all, congrats on your pregnancy. Thank you. Talk to me. How far along are you? Oh My gosh. I don't say how far along I am 'cause I'm kind of funny on marking the time. Okay. Because The most important wish is a healthy baby. Yeah. And desire.


And I feel like when you mark time, it kind of puts pressure on the time marker. Totally. But I am, I am. The bump is bumping. I'm feeling good. I'm feeling a little, I would say big and slow, but you know, I'm feeling good. I'm feeling grateful. So this Is baby number four. Number four. Did you always want a big family? I did. I'm an only child, so I think because of that, like I used to always beg my mom and dad for a brother or sister M like, please, please, please. Can you have another baby? And they would be like, mm, it's not happening. And then I kind of like being a only child. As I got into my teens, I'm like, this actually works out. It's all about me. I like it.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay, so I have a trip booked currently and we got an Airbnb in the desert. I'm so excited. It is this gorgeous lavish house that I really wanted to be with my friends, my childhood friends are coming into town and I didn't want to do a hotel because I was like, I wanna be super close with my girls. I want everyone sleeping in the same space but also having our own room so we have privacy and we're all together. And that is where Airbnb is just the best. And Airbnb is the best way to make your trip. One to remember. Because you get to explore not only a new city but a new space in that city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are, as opposed to feeling like a tourist. Grab groceries at the local market. Explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants. If you just want to go somewhere but you don't know really where yet, let Airbnb make the decision for you. Guest favorites might inspire you and perhaps even create a new tradition. And if you have goals for the new year, but you're worried about how to maintain them when you're traveling, Airbnb makes it easy. With plenty of privacy and kitchen space, you can still make health and wellness a priority while you're away from your home. Daddy Gang, we know traveling can be sometimes like overwhelming. You're like, oh my gosh, there's gonna be so much going. Let Airbnb make you feel cozy wherever you go. As you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. You want a big kitchen, you want a gym, Maybe you wanna bring your dog. Shout out Henry and Bruce. Airbnb is my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons. I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. Whether you are running errands, heading to the office or meeting up with friends, you wanna look good. Okay. And that is why Vuori is designed to look great beyond the gym because whatever your day may bring Vuori will suit you perfectly. Let's talk about the Vuori performance jogger. Okay. They are great for fitness. Great, great. Yeah. But they are also stylish enough for everyday wear and comfortable enough for lounging around. You guys know me and how I feel about a jogger, about a sweatpant. This is the go-to boom. You're wearing it in the morning and then you go to the office and you have a meeting in your Vuori performance jogger. Okay. Also, they have the dream knit collection. They are made of vori softest, premium stretch fabric. They are so comfortable you'll wanna wear them all the time. Anything that is labeled dream knit collection, I am in. Okay. I am in and I'm gonna wear. The Performance Jogger is also lightweight, moisture wicking and features a four-way performance stretch. I need to be comfortable. If you know your father, I need to be able to wear this to the airport, to lounge on the couch, to go to the office, to even go on a date night with Matt. I have worn joggers. Okay, so boom, Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they are offering 20% off your first purchase. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash daddy. That's VU i.com/daddy. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions. I am such a big fan.


And this year marks the 20th anniversary of your debut album Goodies. Yes. Yes. It is crazy to think that because it's like you've just done so much in your career. But to think back to those OG days, I'm wondering like what does it make you feel when you know that people 20 years later are still so obsessed? So in love with the original hits? Oh my goodness, I feel grateful. It's actually, this is the 19th year. The 20th year is coming up. Coming up. Okay. Yeah. So, but knowing that I'm about to enter that year, I feel a heart full of gratitude. It makes me feel motivated. You know, it's so funny because it also just reminds you why you just keep on going. Like why you don't stop, why you don't stop believing and you say committed to your vision.


'cause when I was young I was like, I spoke so much into like the things that I saw happening for myself. And it's kind of crazy. Like I actually, I had a goal sheet. So my goal sheet, I was like 14 years old when I wrote it down. Before I got discovered, I had three goals. So the first goal was to get discovered. Okay. And I wrote on how I was gonna get discovered. So talent shows and all this kind of stuff. And then my second goal was once I got discovered to sell to three to 40 million albums and I did five, which was a blessing. So check off one and check off two and three was longevity. So it was broad, but I was still like envisioning like long term success. So to know that having a vision as a young girl, dreaming big and it actually happens.


Dude, it's kind of crazy because that's kinda the story of my life. Like I speak a lot of life into like a lot that happens to me and I envision it before it happens. And it's crazy that we're sitting here almost 20 years in. It's also crazy to hear you at 14. Yeah. Putting that goal list together. I'm like, what the fuck was I doing at 14? Like picking my nose and like getting on Accutane. And I was like, oh shit. Like damn. Like were you always that ambitious and were your parents like go Ciara or were there ever like, oh my God, slow down, like chill. You don't need to be doing all this at this young of An age. Yeah. Well my dad was, my mom and my dad were supportive. And I always say the one thing I can say I'm truly thankful for is that they allowed me to do what I wanted to do. Hmm.


Like they didn't stop me. My mom was more, you know, she had more reservations than my dad did about the music industry. 'cause she watched all those VH one like true story, I forget what they call the show. What was the show called? Do you remember? Yeah. Something like True, true Hollywood Story or something. True. Yeah, something. Something like that. We're, we're little off Never Ends. Good. It's Not, yeah, basically it's like all the bad stuff. So you watch those shows and you're like, fuck yeah, it's a little scary. Like is that what my daughter's getting into? My mom was thinking that way. So I think she was a little like, what's that music industry world about? And, but she still allowed me to do it. And she was super supportive. My mom and my dad, where my dad would travel late nights to the studio with me, sleep on the sofa while I'm recording in the booth, drive me back home, get ready for school.


All, I mean, he was in it. They both were supportive. So, you know, I'm glad they let me do that. Right. I'm glad they allowed me that opportunity and I will never forget that for my babies. Yeah. Like I gotta like let them pursue their dreams and what they're passionate about. So I took a, I've taken a a note from that. Couple notes from your parents. I love. Yeah, I love that. Just a few. A few. I love of just a couple. Yeah. Yeah. You've done so much in your career. When you reflect on your career, and I know this is kind of hard to answer, but like, what is The most iconic moment in your mind of your career? Oh my goodness. That's hard. I know. You know, I, I do. I will say I think goodies was very special for me 'cause it put me on the map.


My first single was number one for eight weeks long. We were breaking records and all this cool stuff then, which was really amazing. And it was kind of that moment of like where my identity was established like right away. But it was clear on like who this girl was. Like see her from Atlanta, Cece from Atlanta. But here to stay kind of energy I feel. And I think even the imagery of things that we did, like the swimsuit with the jeans and I wear my tall boxer boots. I, I mean I couldn't go anywhere without the high top. High tops are still my thing to this day. I love that. But the boxer boots were like my jam. I needed my wrestling boots actually. Yeah. I feel like it was something that like everyone will always remember like it fashion wise, music wise, like as a woman.


Like it was just so iconic. I remember when it came out, I like still listened to it to this day. I remember making up also like, oh my God. And then when one two step came out and I was like making up the like most awkward dances, like with my friends thinking we're like hot shit. Like it wasn't hot. Just to clarify, Ciara, it was not as hot as you. I know, it's cute. No, eh. Okay. But I, I just think about you at that young age though. And I'm curious like, if you can take me back a little bit to like what was life like? You're coming out with music, you're rising to fame and you're only 18 years old. Like what was your life like at that time? So I was always super, super focused, super driven, you know, very, very headstrong. Yeah. You know, I remember when I was like, put my vision together for the project.


I'm like, I wanna do like this and I'm gonna do like that and I'm gonna do this and it's gonna be this. Like, and I was very clear on my vision. Like no one could tell me anything different. And I was very opinionated. Yeah. At a young age. I relate in some ways that of just being like, so yeah. Like headstrong and like I know what I'm doing. Like I'm gonna make it. I'm gonna make this happen. Yeah. Sometimes I've experienced though, you almost struggle to pause and be happy for yourself in a moment of like, oh shit. Like I did this. Yeah. Do you have a moment in your career at that young age where you were able to stop and be like, oh damn. Like I made it like that one I made it moment. Do you remember that?


Mm, I think maybe a small blip of that was winning a Grammy. Oh, I just hope That was, that was a very special moment for me because I'd always dreamt of something as like, that's like the Super Bowl for music. Right? It's like it doesn't get any higher than that award. So for me that was super special and significant. But to be honest with you, my world was going so fast. So as you can imagine, it literally was like the first 10 songs in my career. Whether it was my song or collaboration, they were all top 10, top five, top three records. Yep. Or number one records. So I don't think I really allowed myself until a little bit later to stop and like really realize where I was. And I think you realize it even more when you have a challenge.


When you, when you face adversity, that's when you go, oh, you start to realize like okay exactly where things were, you know? And then when you're determined, you stay at it, you fight through it, you battle through your challenges and you keep it moving and you keep on staying on the track. 'cause that's all a part of it. Yeah. But my my true made it moment though. I will say, if I could pick a moment where I'm like, oh, like was definitely winning a Grammy. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Damn. Yeah. I think a lot of people are like, I hope that's my, oh I made up moment while I win a Grammy. Here we go. Hearing you obviously, like you're such a savvy business woman and I'm just sitting here like thinking of you because your career started so young. Like what was the hardest business lesson that you had to learn early on?


Ooh, you gotta leave your emotions at the door. Mm. Like, you know, there's a time and a place for sincerity and, and being emotional, especially as a woman. I think early on I learned that, you know, I'm like in business there's no, there's no gray. It's only black and white. Right? So if you can, you know, find a way to manage your emotions, you know, that's, it's game changing. 'cause you also realize that a lot of people in our industry don't really care. Yeah. For your emotions. A lot of people don't really care in general. It's like, what can you do for me in this moment? What can you do for me in general? That's kind of the mentality for a lot of people, a lot of my experiences. And then when you know the good ones, you hold onto them and you value them.


Yeah. But I think being a young woman, being determined, you know, and all that good stuff and having to like manage my stuff. Like mind you, my parents weren't like, you know, navigating this world for me, I was a young girl like hiring and firing and do, I mean like everything. So the emotions I had to learn early, take them, leave 'em at the door. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think that like on a personal level, like how did you stay grounded while you're getting like famous and pictures and everything? Like where did you find your center core? I'll be honest with you, I'm a spiritual girl. Yeah. Right. I think, I think a lot of people know that. But so for me, my foundation was that I had faith. I, for me, I know who God and Jesus is.


Like that's important for me, right? Everybody has their thing. But I think that kind of helps to keep me like level set the people around me. Like to this day I still call my boy Jasper, who I met when I was like 14 years old, recorded my first song. Like he was there in the booth with me. So mind you, that's 20 plus years of relationship. My best friend and makeup artist who's been in my career since I was 16. My first professional shoot as a solo artist. Actually my first professional shoot in general, she did that. So we're 20 plus years of friendship and she's my matron of honor. My team, I stay pretty consistent. I try to keep it like I'm a creature of habit. I think consistency is key. But I do believe having people, having that consistent group of people and circle of people that I can trust.


Yeah. And know they got my back. I think that was a big part that really helped me to stay like levelheaded and to be able to reset or have a place to go to. 'cause I always say, I don't care how strong you are, I don't care how capable you are, you have to have somebody you can talk to. Like, that is so important because the one thing that is very detrimental to can be detrimental to to a person is when you bottle stuff in and you don't have a place to go. Yep. So for me, I think having a place to go has always been a great thing for me or someone I can trust and talk to. Even if it's just one person. Like everybody doesn't have to know your stuff. Like, you know, but just one person if you have one, you have enough for me personally.


And then of course I pray and all that good stuff. I appreciate you sharing that. Because again, obviously most people that are gonna listen, like they can't relate to maybe some parts of your life. But that's some of The most relatable shit is like making sure that you have good people around you. Yeah. And actually people that you trust. And it doesn't have to be a lot of people, but I think if you don't have good people, you can lose your way because you, if you're then you're potentially hanging out with people that could sway you or you don't trust ly and then you have trust issues. It's like making sure, you know, people are there for the right reasons, which sometimes you can't. You have to just trust 100%. And Sometimes you get screwed Over 100%. You gotta have people that you know are gonna be honest with you that will, you know, hold you accountable. But it is also how do they hold, how do they hold themselves?


Like how do they live their lives too? Right. You can't have the wrong piece of people feeding you, like you said, like that's when it is dangerous. Right. And one thing I have learned is that when you're vulnerable, that is The most crucial spot that you to listen to the right person. Oh yeah. Because you can listen to the wrong person when you're vulnerable and they can send you completely left. Right. So true. Like that's the thing about life. It's like amazing how one decision can change your life for better or for worse. One decision. Right. So who's feeding you when you're vulnerable? Like that's so important. You Even see some celebrities and you can tell like the people that maybe don't have people with the right intentions in their camp. Yeah. 'cause it's like, of course like you guys at some point can be just reduced to like an object of like, go here, go here, go here.


We're all making money off of you. And at some point you have to decide like you're the one that keeps it all moving. Yeah. So you have to advocate for yourself in some capacity. You have to like keep those people that actually have the right intentions. That's it. And the right, like they want the best for you. That that's, and that's hard though. That's Hard. It's, it's hard. But you know, my thing is, is like there's a lot in the Bible, it talks about what good is it for a man to gain the world to lose his soul. One of the, one of my greatest fears is to have a certain amount of success that's like the highest level, but to not know who I am. And I'm very, very fo I'm very intentional about that. Like making sure I'm checking myself too. Yeah. Like I gotta check myself sometimes too. And it's like, I wanna be incredibly successful but I don't want that much.


I'm like lost in the end. Right. Imagine it all comes down. You get, we pray we all get to 80, 90. Yeah. And you're like, yeah, I did it for all what I got no one around me. Me. You can't take. Yeah. I got nothing that I, I don't even know who the hell I am. Yeah. I'm glad I got the Grammys and the awards and the albums, but like who am I? And something empty. Yeah. Empty. Yeah. That I'm so terrified of that. And I see it happen so often in my industry, like a lot of the greats that I respected and admired a lot of their stories. Like, it's not that beautiful story that you saw and why you fell in love with what they do. And I'm just like, man, like that's not truly living to me. Like it can't, my life, my, the success of my life can also be based off of the materialistic stuff and the awards and all those great things.


Like that's, that just can't be enough to fill my cup. Because honestly sometimes those things don't happen for you when you want them to happen anyways. Like there's still things that I wish I, you know, could do or I'm hoping to do. Yeah. And it may not happen. So I've gotta make sure I have a level set and an understanding of like, what is my definition of success. Right. When you're so young, you look so far ahead like, and you should, you should look far ahead and you should dream big. But you're like sometimes so honed in on like, you know, all these things that you have so much time to get to and it's like, you know, you gotta have perspective. Right. You gotta like stay rooted within yourself and know who you are along the way. 'cause you can lose yourself.


It's so true. And I appreciate you saying that. 'cause it's like, I feel like we right now our culture is very like go, go, go. You Want more, we want the coolest fashion. We want money, we want success. We want the big cars and the houses and the cool things. And if you don't have it then you're a loser and you're not as cool. It's like there's just so much comparison right now. And especially for women. Yeah. It's just like the aging aspect and like we're not good enough if we don't get the, there's just so much. What is something that you learned in your twenties that you still carry with you to this day that you can share with us? Patience. I, I really, that's one of my favorite words. Well actually perspective's. One of my favorite words, but also patience. I would say patience is everything.


You know, sometimes like I say, you want things to happen in a certain marker for you. And they may not happen until you're 50 or 60 years old. You just don't know. Right. So to me you gotta have patience in the process. Like trust the timing that's meant for you. Things are gonna happen for you when they're supposed to. Even for me, I have to remind myself when stuff is ugly, I'm like, this is a part of life. Yeah. Right. This is, you're supposed to have a little bit of the ugly, like I say, sometimes you have to go through the ugly to get to the pretty. Yeah. Right. Even Also you saying earlier you were like, I didn't even stop in moments. 'cause like when everything's going well going, you just keep moving going. And the hardest moments are the moments that you actually are hip checked with you and yourself to be like, whoa, first of all, so grateful for the good times.


Yeah. 'cause this shit's rough right now. And you then gain that perspective can appreciate. Yeah. I also think what you're saying about patience is really important too. Especially with people in this young generation. I feel it of like the patience of like, the comparison is, oh my God, that person got that job and I didn't get the job or I didn't get the thing I wanted. And it's like we're comparing ourselves to the person around us or our friends around us. Yeah. Everything moves at a different pace. Yeah, it does. And the reason you didn't get that job is for a reason. 'cause you're gonna get another thing I'm trying To tell you. It's hard though. Yeah. And sometimes too, things look pretty on the outside, but you don't know what somebody's going through when you're like looking at what they have going and you want what they have, girl, you don't know what they're going through. No clue. Right.


So it's like you gotta trust your own timing. Like, you know, it's, it's, it's so much better that way. Like do you know what's crazy for me? Hmm. Is I remember like in the days of me, you know, being signed to tradi, traditional labels and I look, I would look up and I watch other artists like, I'm like, I've been around the block for like a long time, but she just come and she like looking like she rolling two times faster than what I just like, and I'm busting my butt. Like, I'm like, I know I work harder than she works. Like I know she ain't showing up how I show. And it looks like the world is just going so taken off of 'em. It's like, you know what? Like that's for them. Like, and and celebrate too. Actually. I think there's something really good about celebrating the success of others because when it's your time, it's gonna happen for you.


Things take time. Yeah. Right. It's so true. And it's also like, like you said, like if someone pops off so fast and it's so different, like we don't know what they're going through, maybe they're also really struggling. Like who the hell has popped off so fast and been like, mental health is at a hundred. Like it's not a Thing. No. It gets crazy. Right. And sometimes too, I think when you go so fast in the beginning you don't have much to look forward to or you don't appreciate it. Like, I appreciate every step of the way for myself because of what I've gone through. Gosh. And I know for a fact I wouldn't appreciate it if I had everything given to me. The world given to me when I wanted it. You know, when I wanted it basically.


Yeah. And it's like me telling my kids like, you can't have everything at, you know, can you imagine how crazy the world be if we had everything we wanted when we wanted it? Like that would be nuts. Nuts. We'd all be miserable. Crazy. Like crazy. Like we'd be running around like crazy town, crazy people, all of that. I'm telling you, everybody be lost. Like, you know, like losing it too. So true. So there's something to like, you know, the struggle. There's something to adversity, there's something to getting knocked down and getting back up. There's something to like all of that good stuff, right? Yeah. And just like trust the process. Like if it's meant for you, it's gonna happen for you when it's supposed to, how it's supposed to. And it's gonna be so great. It is kind of about the process of like letting things play out can play out.


Then you appreciate it more. You have more understanding of who you are as a human being. When you go through more shit you do, you come out on top. 'cause you have learned experiences rather than just getting it all. You're like, oh, this was easy. Yes. Speaking of relationships, I wanna talk to you about love and relationships. Obviously you're married to Russell Wilson, the Denver Broncos quarterback. We love that. For you, it's so cute to see, like, it seems like you guys have such a healthy and loving relationship. I see online people commenting like Ciara, like where do I find my Russell? Like where do I find like my couple goals? And obviously in order to get to a healthy relationship, you gotta go through things before you get to that point.


And I wanna talk to you a little bit about growing and learning and how you got to where you are now. Around the time that you met Russell, you were going through a really public and what looked like painful breakup. And I think about like, leaving a relationship is so hard to make that decision, especially I'm assuming as you when you have a child. How did you know for yourself it was time to leave? Oh my goodness. When, you know, you're supposed to make a, make a super defined decision in your life. You know it from like the head to your feet, from your feet to your head and your soul and your body. You know it. And it's almost like your taste buds change, right?


You have a taste bud for a certain kind of thing, and then the taste buds just go. You gotta sometimes also look in the mirror and reflect on yourself too, right? Like, okay, what are things that I could be doing differently in my life? Or, you know, what's a part of what I'm, I'm looking for change, but what does that mean? Yeah. So you have to kind of define everything about making changes in your life that are very critical. And you know, I've talked about before, obviously when you have a child, it's very important to me. Like now it's no time to play around. Like the whole like, experimentation kind of phase is out the door. It's like I am now responsible for another life, right? So what am I doing? Like how am I thinking that through?


So, you know, and then when you tired, you tired, you tired, you know? And so we get tired and we don't wanna be tired all the time. Like, you know, I am like, I want to, I want joy. I wanna make sure my cup is full. Like how am I living my life? Like, I always say, don't let nobody waste your time. Like that's one thing, like we talk about like, you know, you know, life and the trajectory of life and what, you know, it's like, I don't care if it's relationship or friendship, business, whatever it is. Like, don't let it waste your time. It's just not worth it. Yeah. Right. So yeah, I mean those are, those are things that come to my mind and how I process when I'm making a pivotal, when it, there's a pivotal moment in my life and in, and in any aspect of my life.


Yeah. When you hear people talk about it, it does seem like, oh, that's so simple. But when you're in it Yeah, it is. Like, it's really hard to collect yourself when you're trying to leave something and you're like, you're so used to something. Yeah. Even if it's toxic. Like I have women right into me, Ciara, that are like it, the fear of being alone sometimes is worse than the fear of staying in something toxic. Yeah. And I wonder like what advice you have because It's like, well the thing is, is that what you do learn is toxicity will, it can kill you. Like toxicity, putting toxic things into your body is not good. Is not like, so I think it's like we have to be real with ourselves, right?


It's like, what do you want out of life for yourself? You have to be a little selfish in your thought process and whatever's around you needs to align with that. Yeah. Right. Like, you know, that's important. Like, but that whole like, the toxic, like, it's like there's nothing fun about, you know, being confused all the time or someone taking you on like the ring around. Like that's not, that's not fun. It's not fun, huh. And I feel like from my personal experience, like I've been in some toxic relationships where it almost, you can normalize it. Like when you're in it for long enough. And I like that you spoke about it, like there is a moment and, and I pray for a lot of women listening.


Like, you catch that moment before it gets really detrimental to your own health. Yeah. But like, there's that moment, you know, but for a while you can like have full blinders on and just not see it because it becomes so normalized. Yeah. I'm wondering like when you were younger, like what is something that you now recognize is a red flag? Oh yeah. But at the time you would either like ignore or maybe like turn away from Well, yeah, it's like how is a person talking to you? How do they treat others? How do they, what, you know, you do ignore a lot of stuff. Like when you just wanna see what you wanna see. But again, when you start thinking holistically, it's like, you know, no one's gonna be perfect, but you do want the one that's perfect for you. Like, and how many boxes can they check off for you that fits like what your desire is?


And it should be both ways, right? Me and Russ, we always talk about being equally yoked. Like, for us from day one, like honestly I think it was a, you know, healthy place. And I think God, because we always saw we, we kind of saw a lot of things the same way. So I think that's more than half the battle when you're kind of aligned. Yes. It's definitely like how someone talks to you, what's their track record, Girl, What's the track record? And sometimes too, like, listen, you know, you don't, you again, you see things, how you see them. Like sometimes you do overlook things because of your perspective of, and again, it's like you're trying to see things like the glass has full, like you're trying to see it from a positive lens.


But again, like what's a person doing? I think more than anything, it's like they can tell you everything. A person can be like, oh, I've changed and I'm doing da da da. And I've heard those stories before. Of course I've heard that song before, but what are they doing? Mm. Right. And I think sometimes you tend to put the words before the actions. Mm. Right. You listen, you listen more versus like just watching, like how are they showing up or not showing up? Like so Sure. And then sometimes you don't realize like they're telling you it is like they're telling you the same thing in a different way. It's like, well, wait a minute, what you told me last time you told me the same thing again and you're doing the same thing again. Okay. So like, what The Fuck?


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, yeah. And yeah. And I love what you said about you and Russell. It's like, we're very similar in the way that we think and what we like and what we believe in. And like, of course everyone's different, but when you find yourself trying to make something work Yeah. So hard. Yeah. And you're the one that's constantly clean, effort, forgiving. Yeah. Or coming back full stop. Yeah. Like red flag, red Flag, red flag. Yeah. For sure. It's like, takes two. Yeah. You know? And like, how are you showing up? Like you ain't showing up. So I ain't showing up either. I'm actually going, I'm out. Like, yeah, I ain't showing up now I'm cool. Like you ain't gonna exhaust me to the P because honestly, you can lose yourself in those moments.


Like, and like I said to some of my greatest fears and I've been there before, I'm looking to someone, I'm like, you ain't gonna waste my life. I'm sorry. Like, that's not an option. Like, It's so scary though, Right? It is scary. It is scary. But you know, you gotta like put your foot down for what you want and what you deserve. All the girlies are taking notes right now. They're like, fuck yes. Yeah. Like, yeah, but Don't be afraid. No. Yeah, you're right. Don't be afraid of like, the best part is leaving. The best part is getting out. The best part is finding yourself without that person. And obviously you now are in such a healthy relationship, it looks, and I'm so happy for you. Just like, even when you talk about, oh, I can just tell like, yeah, like, you're happy.


And so I also wonder, like when you go into a healthy relationship, I think sometimes it's so annoying. But like sometimes we can't help but bring our baggage and our habits from our past relationships that we've had in our life. Like, was there anything that you had to unlearn essentially when you got into your relationship with Russell? Leave It at the door. Leave it at the door. That I think that's so important for yourself and your own sanity, but it's also not fair to your partner to bring old baggage that is from the past. 'cause then I think you don't give yourself an opportunity to fully be in that love and be engulfed in that love and to create something fresh for yourself. Yeah. Before Russ came into my life, like, I didn't think he was gonna come into my life that fast, to be honest with you.


But before he came into my life, the, the place that I was at mentally when I decided like, you know, I, I'm, I, I'm desiring something different and I, I was clear on like, I was very intentional in that, that phase of my life. And obviously you having my baby in my life, my, my first born, you know, I took that moment for myself. 'cause I think sometimes too, like if we go back to back, you know, in relationships, you also aren't having a chance to like, make peace with yourself and to really like, tap into you in a way that you maybe don't know you need to, but you need to sometimes pause. Like take a break and just like love on yourself. Reset, get clarity.


You know, the past is the past. Where are you trying to, where do you wanna and really truly look ahead, like, and be clear and intentional with that. So I think I will say the, the moment before Russ came into my life, I said, I thought I was gonna be single for like four years at least. I was like, I'm not doing this. No, I'm ta because I'm tired. Like, I'm like, it's what's going on. And I'm also, I'm, it's, it's self reflecting. It's everything going on, right? So I had like to go through that phase and that process and that journey, you know? And so in that moment when you're resetting the things are of the past or the, they're starting to become of the past to you, right?


So it's like you're already clearing up your mind just in general for yourself. Like, not even for someone to come into my life, but just me doing this self cleansed thing I need to do with myself. Like get, really find myself. Like who am I? Like what's this woman wanna feel like when she walks throughout the world? Like what does she talk like, what does she think? Like, like, I mean it's all these things that are about myself. I'm like, this is what I need from me. Right? And then of course, like, who's gonna be in her life? Like, I'm thinking about these things and I'm like, I mean, my mind is as vivid as it can be. And like, he's gonna be a man of God. Like he's gonna love kids. 'cause I have a child now, I'm like, he's gonna love to like travel the world. Like, I mean all these things, like, I'm envisioning it so much that I can taste.


So you talk about those taste buds, that taste buds starts to have a palette. That's all it's like fit for all that stuff. So I'm thinking that way, you know, already. Yeah. So when I see it, I know it. And when I saw my honey, my, my husband, like, I've never seen anything like that. Yeah. Never. Not, I haven't talked to anyone like that. Like I haven't felt anything like that. But I felt everything that I, like, I almost gonna cry my hormones, but maybe it's not my hormones, but, but I could like see like, it was exactly what I was saying right in front of me. Like, it's crazy. Oh my God. Like crazy. How, when, when did you meet him? Like what was the situation?


How did you meet?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Nike. Nike has just launched the new 24 7 collection. Nike knows that athletes need to perform and they wanna look good too. This is a new head to toe apparel collection created with performance innovation that delivers tailored all day comfort for a busy life on the go. Think elevated travel, wear a casual date night from the gym to a meeting for women and men. If you know me, you know, I love this kind of clothing. Okay. I wanna look comfortable, but I also wanna be able to wear it to the airport and to a meeting. Okay. I am obsessed with their impossibly soft pieces for him and her. They have the joggers, they have half zip pullovers, they have crews, super luxurious, soft feels. And let me tell you guys, Matt's birthday is coming up and you best believe I am getting my husband some good old Nike from this 24 7 collection. Matt loves this stuff to work out in. And he also loves it when we're just lounging around the house. They also have perfect stretch pieces for, we have the flowy pants for the women tops, pleated skirts. Super cute. And then for him they have pants and chinos. You can put them in your gym bag in a crumpled up ball. You can throw it on and you're gonna look polished to shop the complete 24 7 collection. Head to Nike dot com.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by White Claw. I don't know who needs to hear this, but you are way too hot to be spending the summer sitting inside scrolling on your phone. Stop letting plans fizzle out in the group chat, get outside and make some memories. And you know what goes perfectly with a seven UV index and yapping with your girls A can of cold white Claw. That's right, Daddy Gang. It is White Claw summer, 100 calories in 12 glorious ounces, gluten-free and tastes, you know, in love. There's an ice cold claw for everyone. I personally love the black cherry. Matt loves a good lime. Laurent loves a good mango. Come outta hibernation and stop leaving everyone on red. Or finding a guy with a boat and having a damn drink. Pick up a pack from your local spot and grab life by the claw with your favorite flavor this summer. Please drink responsibly hard seltzer with flavors. White claw seltzer works. Chicago, Illinois.


When did you meet him? Like what was the situation? How did you meet? We met, when did we meet? What year was this? 20, oh gosh, 2015. Okay. We met in 2015. Okay, where were you? We were actually in California. Okay. And the crazy thing is we started talking early, at first we were chatting a little bit and then we had our first in person meeting. Okay. Before we, so before we met in person, we were chatting a little bit. And when he met in person, it was the craziest thing because I was trying to make sure I'm doing this right because mind you, I hadn't met a guy at this point. I hadn't talked to a guy or anything at this point. So I'm like, this is like, you know, it's a guy in general. And then, and he always, he was like, well, 'cause I'm like, well, when we were meeting, I'm like, I also was looking at it from a friendship perspective, you know, Ciara, I'm just saying like, you know the buildup before you get there.


And he was like, what French? He's like, I don't want look for no French. You know? So we joke about that. I love it because I want to be like really like intent, intentional and like, like, fuck outta here. What? Yeah. Whatcha talking about? I mean, but he was cute though, you know, you know, but you know, we, we gonna start, we gonna go on phases kind of thing. Right? But when we met in person, the first time in person we talked was actually at my place. Oh. And you know, the, it was kind of the, ooh, not kind of, but it, it was the best thing for the both of us we felt. Because even though we were, you know, meeting as friends and all that stuff day, It's not a day, it's not a date.


He, my son was there and my dad was there. So see the friendship perspective. Oh Yeah. You really were like, meet my, he's probably like, oh my God, I'm meeting the dad. You're like, no, no, no, no, no, you're just a homie. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We actually talked about it. And you know, what did he say to me? He was like, well, I'm gonna have to meet him anyways. Like, we was very like, I love it. Confident. Very. So I'm like, you know, so we meet and again, that's not, that's not like a traditional way. I'm not telling someone to do that. Yeah. But because it's he and I, you know, your public figures in our world, unfortunately, oftentimes I think if you jump, you put the cart before the horse, before you are officially together, the world puts this pressure on you. And this, it just becomes something else that it, it kind of like gets in the way of what, you know, the true, like the true thing is that's, there could be.


So we just, were being private, basically. Love it. We were gonna go out to eat dinner and then we kind of like, we just, let's keep it in. What did you Guys do? So we just talked and we were supposed to have dinner. Food was like, belly was like content. Even though it was hungry, it was content. Like, you know, 'cause we were like talking and talking and talking and it was crazy. Everything that we talked about, like we were aligned on like, and I'm not gonna lie to you, there was one point in time when we were talking and he was talking to me and I wasn't here. Nothing he was saying, because I was like, he's so beautiful. Like, I'm looking at him, I'm like, he's like gorgeous. Like, 'cause I didn't like look, I didn't look him up. I didn't wanna know anything about like him before we met.


Right. So I'm just like, wow. Yeah, no, I was, I was literally just sitting there like he's talking, I'm like, Like, oh wait, but just run, just runs, just run shit. But the words are going like this pH over my head. And so yes. You know, He's like, do you agree? You're like Ex that part. What'd you say? Yeah, I love that for sure. I mean, I'm hearing what he's saying. I'm in the conversation, but I can't remember all that we were saying, you know, so could Be looking great. It was so we just sat and talked and I knew, and I said this the other day when I, when I was talking to him, I was like, this is something different. I knew like that I'd never felt what I felt in that moment. I knew this was a different man that I was talking to than, you know, I just knew, like, I just kn it.


It was different. Like so much of the point that I called Yolie, my best friend, I called her after and I said, Yolie. I was like, I don't wanna jinx anything. I was like, but I think he's, and she goes, the one. And I go, yes. Like I, and I never said that in my life. Never said that in my life. So He was meant to be, Without a doubt, but without a doubt. What was it about him that really impressed you that day? It was, you know, what his conversation, how he talked about life, it's also a feeling too, you know, it's kind of hard to put in words, but I know, I know what I'm talking to. Like I said, those taste buds are activated. Like I'm talking to like every sensor, everything that I had on the pallet was like stim, it was stimulated.


It was like clear, like, you know. And so I just knew, like even how he talked to my dad, you know? And my son was like moving around and at some point in time, like there, he's holding him. Like there was actually this funny thing y'all think we ever told by this, but where there's this chair that's like in my living in my kitchen and the chair is like about to fall over and future is literally, my son is, he's right there. And literally Russ like slides and the socks catches the chair. It honestly, no, it is, this may sound bad, but no lie. He slides over, catches the chair and I'm like, okay, okay.


Superman, we got a Superman. And then I was like, no, but you know, You were literally sitting there like, no, It was just everything. No, it was good. Everything about everything was good. Everything. Like there wasn't one thing that wasn't, yeah. Something like, yeah. Do you know what I mean? Like everything. I know everything too. And I think it's important. 'cause obviously, like you said, which I love that you're explaining after a breakup of what you know, you don't want anymore, and you have that moment within yourself, you quickly align of like, whoa, I gotta get my shit together. Like, I didn't like how I felt. I didn't like this, this, this, this. Or I liked this and I wanna bring this into my next relationship, whatever it is. But then when you meet that person, especially when you've had maybe the, not like the healthiest of relationships before.


Yeah. It's a feeling of like, you still have those like giddy butterflies, like we said, like you're drooling in the corner. But it's, but it's you, there's a sense of like calmness. And I remember I felt it with my fiance because I, it was like he is kept, it keeps me on my toes and it's so exciting. But it's like safe and calm and I'm not insecure and I'm not like, there's still that feeling of like, oh, you wanna impress them and have fun. Yeah. But it's a different level of connection where you feel like you've known them for a long time. Yeah, yeah. You Know what I mean? It is like, there's something there that you're like, whoa. Like your soul's almost as, it's like corny, but like, it's like almost like you knew you were supposed to meet No. 100, 100% right? No, no, no, no, no.


100%. Like, 'cause that's what, and also too like, and I, I think I've said this, but just in case, it's like literally the conversation we're having is so aligned. Like you're going back and forth and you're like, you're going like, yes. Like everything you're saying is like a fiery kind of feeling to it because you're like almost talking to yourself a little bit. Yes. Right. But there's something he made me think about. Hold on, wait, lemme see. Oh, but the giddy thing, right? What's so amazing? And I feel so blessed because now we are in year seven of marriage. Woo. Eight years of being together fell baby on my way. Love it. No. Is that, I still get the giddy feeling. I think it's so important. We always talk about that, right? Is that you still wanna, like Russ always says, you know, I, I believe his dad would say to him like, you gotta always compete.


Or it's kind of one of his things that he came up with. But you gotta always compete. So it is that thing where it's like, even though you do build a comfort over time, yeah. You still wanna like, you know, you still wanna make sure you keep it like cute. You wanna keep it sexy, you wanna keep it spicy, you wanna keep it fun. Like we still do, we do date nights every Friday. Oh wow. Because in football, that's the off day. So we do date nights every Friday and we stay committed to that. And we like look forward, it's something I look forward to and the fires they burn like, you know, and you still feel like dating all over the other night we played at Uno at dinner and I was like, and I said, babe, can we take the UNO cards? And he was like, yeah, we take, you know, but, and he played Uno, but that was the little things right.


And I was like, I had so much, I literal told him the next morning. I'm like, I had so much fun. Like, that's so great. So I think it's like, you know, it's, it's all that, you know, it's like, you know, do you, do you have someone in your life that's also down to try new things with you? Like do they accept you at your lowest of your low points? Right. Like every day is not perfect. Yeah. Like I've had moments where I look up, you know, and I'm going through a challenging time and he's the one person, the only person I can look to in that moment. And he has always has the right words to say. Like, you know, all those things are important too. Like how does a person speak to you when you're at your low Right. In your relationship? 'cause that's key. Like it's really you too. Like so true. When it's all said and done, like it's you too. And you have your kids of course too, but like It's the two of you.


Yeah. Even hearing you too like when he came over, it wasn't just you, like you had a son, like you have a son. You're like, you're bringing someone into your life that now is not just gonna be a relationship with yourself. You need to also have a relationship with my son. Like, how did he take on being a stepfather? Oh, he jumped right in changing the diapers right away. No hesitation. He's an amazing father. Like, watching him with all of our kids is like, it is one of the sweetest things. It's one of the sexiest things, to be honest with you. I'm just saying ladies, when the man jumps in and changes the diapers and he'd be pulling up to teach parent conferences and he be, you know, Woo.


It's like, ooh. He surprised CC at the dentist the other day and she was like, daddy. And I was like, daddy. I would say the same thing too. Re like Daddy at the dentist. Yeah. I'm like, okay. You know? But it is, that's what you want. Like, you so good. That feels good. You know, it's like so good. It, it feels, it feels good when, you know, there's something about a man turning on that part of them. Like, you know, they're manning for you. They're, they're being a man for you, but they're also being a man for your family. Yeah. Like, there's no better feeling than knowing that when we all look up and we, if we look at him like he's Gods, like I know he's gonna wrap his arms around me and my babies fully. Like there's no depth that he won't go to go, you know, go to for us or to make sure things are like right for us.


Like that, that, it's kind of hard to put that in words, but that feels good.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Rakuten Daddy Yang. We all know how good it feels when you save money, right? It feels like you hit every green light when you're running late. It's like you find the extra fry at the bottom of the bag. Ugh. It's so good. Rakuten is the smartest way to save money when you shop, because you earn cash back at over 3,500 stores. We're talking fashion, travel, electronics, and more your favorite stores like Sephora, Bloomingdale's, and Nike. Pay Rakuten to send them shoppers. And Rakuten then passes on a part of that payment to its members as cashback. Cashback is deposited directly into your PayPal account. Or Rakuten can send you a check, maximize your savings by stacking cash back on top of other deals like store sales and coupons. Membership is free and it's easy to sign up. Listen, I love a good deal. I shop pretty often, I will say depending the time of the year, but mostly 12 months during the year, I will be shopping and I love a deal. Okay? I'm always gonna look for how can I get my money back or how can I get save a little here or there, right? Rakuten is going to help you with that. Daddy Gang. You like Levi's, you like Nike, you like Fenty Beauty, you like to go to Urban Outfitters, petco wine.com lows, whatever it be they've got you. Get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cash back rates. Change daily c rakuten.com for details. That's R-I-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up.


This is an advertisement from Better Help Daddy Gang. You guys know I have always been very vocal about how maintaining my mental health has really helped me evolve throughout the years. Mental health awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. Many people avoid seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment or stigma. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families, workplaces, and entire communities. So let's encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are healthy and happy. If you have a friend who needs to start therapy, if you yourself wanna start therapy, everyone being in therapy truly is going to make the world a better place. And Better Help has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from their diverse network of credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. As the largest online therapy provider in the world Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise or all better. With help our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash daddy. That's better. HEL p.com/daddy.


We gotta know. Ciara, what, What Is your favorite part about being married to a professional Athlete? Oh gosh. You know what's crazy? I love football before he came into my life. Like I'm a tomboy, so I watched the game with my, my dad growing up. But, you know, I mean, I, I, I think I say that because I think that you really enjoy, I really enjoy the journey with him. I enjoy the highs and the lows with him. I enjoy his competitive nature. Like I really respect it. Like, one thing about Russ is like, when it comes to football, he is so dedicated to football. It's like football and family, football, family. Like, I mean, he's really dedicated to his game and I really admire that.


So obviously doing what I do, I feel like I get so much of a motivational dose, like every day on his journey and what I do, like, I get really inspired, like, you know, you know, you would think that I'm in the huddle with him when he is in the huddle. You would think that 'cause like I'm in this thing like, but we have so much fun like sports, you know, sports are such a, it's such a powerful force. Music is a, is a powerful force. So it's such a blessing to have sports and music in our household. But I do enjoy like the, the, the, the the, the joy that we get. Even, you know, like I say, the highs and the lows getting ready for each Sunday or if it's a Monday night or a Thursday night, you know, the drum up in our, in our household with the kids.


Like also being excited and being able, it's just a whole like, it's, it's a blessing. I was about to say, like, tell us what's the vibe of the house on game day. Like what are we doing? Oh, okay. Game day. Okay, so Russ is a creature of habit. Okay. Okay. So he's, he's like very consistent. So it's very routine. You know, he does his body work, his treatment work and all that good stuff. And he's in his peace then. And typically when he does it, I'm with him. Okay. So mommy's like, okay, kids, like I'll be right back. Like, but I gotta be there like in that zen moment. And then he goes with his motion to prepare for the game. And then the kids are definitely upstairs running around like chaos turned up excited.


You know, it's not that serious for them at this age. Although I will say future is getting more serious. He's also into sports too. Okay. So he can feel a little bit of the journey too. Sien is like, go daddy, get it. Yeah. And win's like, go, go. I mean this is this different levels, right? Yes. But we have that flow and then he gets ready. We do, we, he gets ready to roll out the door. We do prayer every, every time before a game as a family. He goes off to do his thing and then it's me and the babies. We're getting ourselves together, rides to the car, we jam out. I'm DJ mama. The kids are DJs too. They all wanna pick their own songs. It's all the good energy rolling up to the stadium and, and then we roll into the suite.


And then, you know, when you sit down, I'm not gonna lie to you guys, especially being pregnant, the emotional rollercoaster is like, Ooh Lord. I be talking to myself like I'm, I mean, it's just a journey. I'm like, geez, heart stop pumping so fast sometimes. Like, it is crazy. I love it though. Like, it's crazy 'cause you feel, like I said, I'm, I'm in the huddle too. I'm out there like, you know, way let's go away. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm wanting, you know, always the best outcome. So it's so good. But it's fun. And after the game we eat dinner together, you know, or whatnot. And it's, but it's pretty chill. It's, it's exciting, but it's pretty chill, right? It's good 'cause it's super, you know, Russ is really serious about what he does and I think it's important that we respect that journey, that process for him.


Yeah. You know, on a daily basis. So we try to make sure we kinda, you know, we, we, it's a combination of all that stuff. I love it. But it's Fun. I'm thinking of you saying you're also in the car with your babies. I'm like, do you play them your music? Do they know mom's music? Okay. When it's new. Okay. I don't like playing my music back to me. I just feel like I get, it's kind of weird sometimes. Do you think? But I'm not gonna lie to you. Oh, tell me. When I have a song that I really love, I might listen to myself a little bit, you know, just a little bit, you know. And my kids, they may pick my songs. Like when I put up Level Up, they love that song. I'm honestly, I'm not saying because this is my record, but I really love my song Howie Roll.


That's my jam. And I ain't gonna lie, I put it on the other day and played it back about seven times. I'm like, this song just feels so good. Like ease me the, you know, but Also same with like Loki and BRBI was like, okay. Like hey, you know that it's, it's, it's a vibe and I thank you. I wonder if Russell plays it in the car for the kids while you're not there. He's like, guys this is mommy. He will, you know, he's really big on like, guys you gotta listen to mommy's music. He will make sure they know my music or, or hear it and listen to it. But he'll definitely make sure the kids like, you know, support mommy. Which is sweet. Like they, I think one day it was like the kids would having a pick between one song or the other, I don't even know what the songs were, but one of 'em was mine and one wasn't. And he was like, you better pick your mama's song.


You know? So like, let's Keep it real. We know who we supported this family. Let's Make sure we, you know, I love it. Yes, it's really cute to eat. 'cause I'm sitting here and I'm like, you've won a Grammy, he's won a Super Bowl. Like you guys are the ultimate power couple. And I think a lot of people look at you guys and envy you obviously. And it's like, whoa. Their life is so amazing. Like when you do go through the hard moments, like how do you guys level set each other? Like what is the process of keeping each other grounded and keeping each other? Like, Being able to be honest and communicate I think has been game changing for us. Yeah. And even when it's ugly sometimes it's gotta get a little ugly. Like I say, get a little ugly before you get to the pretty, but I just think some like, there's nothing better for me than knowing.


Like I was able to say what I felt fully and he heard me. Yeah. And don't you like it too? And vice versa. It's different in that type of relationship where you know, like you're, you're both trying to come back, together's it and like you don't have the same goal. Like no one's winning. No, we actually just have to hear each other understand it. Where in other relationships I've had, it's like, oh this is just an ego thing. Like I'm never gonna win. 'cause you aren't even listening to what I'm saying When you say the word toxic. It kind of rings a certain way for me. 'cause like I said to you earlier, I'm like, toxic things can do damage to you. It can be harmful to you. So yeah, the glorifying of things that are harmful to you will never be cool to me. Never be cool. Like never be fly, never be the way of, you know, it is just, that's just not it to me personally.


So You have this great relationship now knowing the relationships you've had in the past of like, sometimes you gotta go through the bad to get to the good, like we said you do. So it is exciting for, I think for women listening of like, oh, like even if you're in the trenches right now listening to this and you're not in a healthy relationship or you're not feeling good about yourself or it's an abusive situation, whatever you're in, like you can get out. Yes you can and you can find happiness and you can find what you deserve. But again, patience, like give yourself some grace. It can't happen overnight 100%. But It is nice to hear from you of like, it can Happen. It can happen Baby. Let's talk about your music though. Because like I said, we were all jamming to it in the office day. We were just like laughing.


We were blasting and we're like, how creepy if she like rolls up and we're just like screaming your music. But now I'm like, I think you would've liked it would, I'm kind of fun. I might Jump and dance with you. Hey, EPCC. I need to understand. Yeah. Who is Cece? Who is Ciara? Okay. Talk to you about the two. So Cece and Ciara connected, it's not an alter ego. Okay. But there is an energy that comes out when you say Cece, like, I turn my lip up a little bitch. You get a little spanked with it. I'm from Atlanta. So, you know, there's a lot of soul in what we do there. And you know, when I came up it was obviously my nickname, but people would be like, you know when they say go cc go cc go, go cc, go see.


Like there's an energy that comes with that. There's a feeling that comes with that and it's, you know, it's, I would say I just, I really on this project, I wanted to make sure I had those core elements of what that is. 'cause that's something special for me from a music standpoint. Yeah. Like when you say go cc, when you say go cc go cc go. Like there's something about that that's just like a little, it's a little saucy, you know? And so, you know that that's kind of it. It's not an alter ego though. Yeah. It's just like a little bit more of like little sad vibe. Yeah. Like a little sassy vibe. She Got a little more sass to her. See Ciara, you know, if you talk to me and I'm in my like Ciara mode and it depends on the situation.


I try to like, you know, like Michelle say, when they go low, you go high. Yep. You know, that kind of thing. Cece might, she might snap back a little bit. She might bite back a little bit. Just a little bit. You know. I love It. I love it. Just a little mo, you know? Yeah. What do you want people to like feel when they're listening to this music? Like is there a specific place you envision people listening to it? What's the vibe? I feel like this music on this project is kind of like that perfect house party energy where you can like kick back if you want to. It's feel good. It's a little, it's a, it's a sexy record, but it's also if you wanna like chill back people, if you wanna roll up, roll up on the skates or roll up literally if you want to, you know, put to toast up to it if you want to.


My song two in Love, it's a slower record. That's a moment where I'm trying to remember, it was like one night Russ and I like, had a little bit of a disagreement and I'm like, gosh. Like the truth is I'm just doing love, you know? Know. No, When I was listening to it, I was like, oh my gosh. Like, this is like really like all about how in love with you are and I love it. Sweet. It's so sweet. So sweet. It's so sweet. Well, you know, it's that feeling on that record where it's like you're upset. Like, you know, I watched this TikTok or something someone was doing and they were like mad at each other. It's like, this is how couples do when you're mad. Like, but you still love each other and like you slam the cart and you let them in the cart, but you slam the door hard. Yeah. Or you like gotta get them food, but you open the fridge with attitude and you close the fridge with attitude.


Like that kind of energy. Yes. So like on two in love, I'm like, like you, he always would put his arms around me a certain way and like, if he doesn't do it, I'm like, like with when we're sleeping, I'm like, I feel that. Like, but I, I mean I wanna be mad too, but I want you to put your arm on me. Like, you know, I'm like, it's like all those kind of feelings. So before I put this project out, it's exactly like what I wanted it to be. And there's no better feeling than that. Yeah. You now being able to do things on your own and figure out what you want to continue to sound like as your career continues to grow and expand. Yeah. It's just truly, it was such an honor sitting with you today because like you are such an accomplished woman and, and sitting with you and getting any of the wisdom we can get from you today, Ciara.


I know. I'm like, I'm taking it in note. I'm like, everyone's writing notes, like you're just such an inspiration and it's really surreal for me to sit down with you today because I'm such a fan and thank you, thank you, thank you. And congrats on your baby. Thank you. So happy you're expanding the family. Maybe we'll see a number five at one point. Woo Woo. You sound like Russ look. Don't get crazy now. Okay. Let's just go one baby at a tab. Thank you Ciara. Thank you. I had so much fun and congratulations to you. You were like killing it. Like I think there was this new article on about you and Forbes and you know, I mean keep on doing what you're doing. You're obviously doing, you're obviously giving a platform for women. You've created a platform for women that is very important and critical and your personality's incredible.


So keep on shining your light. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. Cheers. Woo Woo hoo. We did it. Call Her Daddy. Woo.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that Call Her Daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast. To start your free trial today, Call Her Daddy is brought to you by LifeLock.


Not everyone who handles your personal information is as careful as you are, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors millions of data points a second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/daddy terms. Apply


Time's running out. Catch the final days of the Memorial Day sale at Ashley. Shop our incredible selection of hot buys, starting at just 2 99. And make this a season of thrills, not spills with trending performance fabric. Looks for the whole room starting just 7 99 98. Plus. For a limited time, get 72 months special financing on in-store purchases made with your Ashley Advantage. Synchrony credit card shop in-store and online only at Ashley, subject to credit approval. Minimum monthly payments required. See store for details.