
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jones. Quitting nicotine is a journey that can feel impossible without the right tools. That's where Jones comes in. Jones offers holistic support to help you quit nicotine altogether or cut back. Find out why 40,000 quitters use Jones to help them reach their quitting goals. Head to quit with jones.com and use code. Call Her Daddy for $15 off your first order of nicotine mints. Jones is FDA approved and available for those that are 18 and older?


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to take an adventure with rugged capability and commanding style. Check out the Honda Ridge line pilot or CR-V for a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 pilot. 1.99% a PR on a 2025 ridge line or a 2.99% a PR on a 2025 CR-V. See dealer for financing details.


This episode is brought to you by Lie by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy, Daddy Gang. Welcome back to another episode of Call Her Daddy. I am back with the one with the only Mcla McLaren. I feel like that's like your, what would be your DJ name? Lauren? Well, When I went to college, my Instagram name, I was dead serious. I went into college and shared this with everyone. La Ott stuff. Wait, what? That was my Instagram name. Wait, how did I not know that you were La Ott Stuff? I was La McCat stuff and like I would meet people like freshly in my sorority, like let's share socials and like yep, hit me up at LA Stuff That's like actually that of offensive, that one that's absolutely offensive.


And that actually takes some balls to have that as your fucking name. But it's also kind of like fun if you're meeting guys and you're just like, anyways, Lauren is here today. What the fuck? Lauren is here and we are having a little girls night. Matt is upstairs watching football with his friends and Lauren and I were acting like little freaks and so Matt was like, why don't you, he basically was like, why don't you girls go play? Like why don't we, we were listening to Hannah Montana. Yeah. So you know what that means for us. It means going through Hannah Montana won and seeing how many songs we know on the album. Well No because this is what I said to Lauren. I said I saw this trend on TikTok and it's like, oh, when I tell people I'm a Miley Cyrus fan and they think I'm gonna play the song Flowers and then all of a sudden the girl is like, and then you hear me fucking blasting East Northumberland High.


If you don't know what East Northumberland High is, if you don't know what good and broken is, if you don't know you and me together, if you don't know nobody's perfect Life's what You make it like Lauren and I are OG Hannah Montana. Well it was Perfect because you would play Hannah. Yep, I would play Lily. Yep. Okay, so Lauren and I are hanging out because Matt was like, do you guys wanna watch football? And we were like, not really. Not right now we're feeling frisky funky. So we were having a little cock and we came downstairs after our cocktail and we just figured we'd podcast and hang out with you Daddy Gang. I feel like we've been seeing each other so much recently, which I'm very happy about. Well I'm a free bird. Oh I have, I have no nothing tying me down.


Yeah, nothing holding me back. I can just go where the wind blows me. And that's true. You do some cool things. No, It's actually a good point. Like there is so much to be said for when your friend is in a relationship and you can do like couple things unless you fucking hate the person that your friend's in a relationship with. But like it's nice when you, you can do couple things. It's also lovely that I will just text Lauren being like, Hey do you wanna like come to the Super Bowl with me? And she's like, sure I have no plans. But we are. Yeah, we've been seeing each other a lot lately, which I feel very grateful for. But the last time I saw you, we've kind of been doing, we're back to the thing you guys where I'm like save it for the fucking podcast because we had kind of gone through a little, we won't podcasting as much together.


I think it was 'cause my relationship was crashing and burning. Oh yeah. And I wasn't in a good head space And like he didn't wanna see you on a podcast. Yeah. Now you're back. I'm back and you're better than ever. And can you give us an update on your dating life? Because the last we heard from you was you and I. If you guys didn't listen to me and Lauren's last episode, it was how to be You Gotta start there and then come back and meet us here because We basically were talking about how I was being the ultimate wing woman. Really? That's what it was called. But it's about Lauren almost falling in love with a man on a plane. First class flying high. We thought they were gonna bang the bathroom. Turns out he was gay. So that was the last I left off with you. Oh. And I was going on a lot of dates that were eight hours and I was kissing everyone.


Oh My God. Yes. But we've, I've cleaned up my act. Well okay so here's the update. I haven't gone on any like actual dates since we last podcasted together. Okay. So I haven't the just burnt out the Holli. Should we take our glasses off? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Wait, wait, wait. Yeah let's get serious. Let's get serious. Can't see fucking anything. It's right in here. Okay. So I not like intentionally taking a break from dating. The holidays happened and like because you were kind of Cruising for a minute. I was, There was one time where I went on five dates in an eight day time span. Wait five dates in an eight day. Jesus fucking Bright. I was cranking and rocking and rolling. Lauren? Yeah. Okay. Back to your dates.


So, Okay. So I'm not like purposefully taking a break or like purposely avoiding dates right now. It's just like a lot of work to like if I'm gonna like scout out a date, like I need to like put aside like an hour at night to like do some good swiping and like make some movement. But Do you feel like you kinda like burnt it yourself out a little bit? Like you were kind of down for anything and now you're getting a little bit more subjective or no, you were going hard. You hit the pa like Lauren. Like I, My friends were like, why do you keep going on Sunday dates? Like I'd wake up hungover and be like, oh fuck, I have a date Today. Okay, can I say this and you can correct me if I'm wrong, but I feel like you went through a period where you had been saying to me like right when you got out of your relationship you were like, weekends can be weird 'cause I'm used to like laying in bed on a Sunday and like Yeah, I, okay, so so Maybe you just like wanted like companionship to talk to someone Maybe.


Maybe you want a companionship And most of your friends in Chicago are in relationships. Yes. So I think maybe there's a part of you that was like looking just to speak and maybe that's why your dates were going on for five hours To have some even contact. Yes. You were just like trying, you're a social person. Yeah. So maybe it was also you just like down to chat. Yeah. Now you're getting a little bit more like Now I'm like a little tired. I don't, I a little I don't wanna chat. But actually, so I haven't gone on a date and I don't even know like over a month now, a month and a half. But I, I still go on the apps and like scroll and swipe and like peruse And last week there was this one guy who, wait, What do you have your settings to tell me? Age 30 to 45.


I had a big 40-year-old face. I think I'm done with that. Okay. I'm glad that you're not going for like the 25-year-old So No, no, no, no, no baby boys. Okay, so you're going for the older daddies and but now you're gone done with the 40 year olds. I was finding it a little. No, 45 you get way is fine. Way I was hiding. I was finding a little hard to connect with the 45 year olds. Oh yeah. That's pushing it. Yeah. You're like so how many kids do you have? Yeah, like they're like I have two families. Oh, height. Are you in height? Yeah. Are we allowed to say that? I don't know. I don't think I can. I don't think you can. No, I think we can. I think we can. You you I like to feel small. I like to literally be so tiny they can't find me. Like I like to look up at them.


Wait, what is your, what is your height range? I don't have it restricted. Oh You don't. But when you see it's like a little five seven or you're like, Sorry. I know, I'm sorry. But to each their own, like some people I I I have some inches on me. Like no You're literally five six. Like That's tall. I think the average height of a woman is Five five. Five five. We're the exact same height and the exact same shoe size as Team. Yeah. Lauren we're five. Five. Yeah. Lauren and I are both five five and we have seven and a half shoe size and we can fit into an eight and we have the sa we have the same everything basically we, we, we do the same makeup, we have the same every time. It works out really Well for me. I'm dead anyways.


Okay. So back to your dates. Oh okay. So I like haven't gone on a date in a while but like I keep a pulse on my apps and I was having some light chatter with this one guy and he seemed promising. He gave me his number on like a Thursday night and I was like oh okay. Like I'll text him on Sunday like we don't need to make small talk through the weekend. Right. So on Sunday like I wake up, I sit down, I have my cup of coffee and I'm like trying to clean up my app. I'm trying to like unmatch with people who died out and like go through and be like why did I even match with him? I was feeling down in the dumps and desperate like goodbye. Right. And I was just cleaning up my page and I accidentally unmatched with the guy who gave me his number who I was about to text to go on a date with. When you on the apps you like He's gone.


So Chicago Daddy Gang if you know a guy, I think he was like 31, 32. He had brown hair. He went to Columbia University. It's hot Ivy because when we were talking he was like oh like fellow Columbia grad. So Chicago Daddy Gang, if you know anyone on Hinge who is brown hair, decent height and went to Columbia, I was gonna text you and I was gonna go on a date with you. So find some way to contact me. I Have a feeling if any girl lives in fucking Chicago and finds that man they're scooping him from you and they're like, I'm not giving a Columbia hot tall grad to you Lauren. But good to know. Oh wow that fucking sucks. I know. Like there's a we And he probably is like so confused 'cause he probably thought you guys were like kind of vibing and thought you were about to like literally like suck the pee pee and instead you like unmatched him that probably is fucking him up And he's probably talking to his friends.


Like I really think I'm like, I need to take a break from dating right now because I clearly am like have lost the plot and I like can't read a room because I thought I was about to fuck this girl. And meanwhile she just, okay so you accidentally unmatched. Okay. But have you had any fun encounters at all with a man like recently? Okay so yeah I've been like really open to meeting people in the wild. Okay. So like I just feel like I'm walking around with like my eyes and heart open And if you guys again didn't listen to our last episode, Lauren and I like said like there's something coming about us. It's not Just you. No I can feel it. I'm gonna meet someone in the wild. We are is the word ravenous? Yeah. Like we are ravenous for you to find a man to the point where like every turn we are literally You are objectifying men around every corner that you walk.


Any man that like is somewhat attractive, I'm like could he be the one? Matt was little. Oh my god I forgot to tell you this. Oh my god, why so? So, oh my god. So Matt walks into the office, he walks into my office to introduce to me to some guy who was just like finishing a meeting with and he walks in and it was a guy from like the film department that was coming to have a meeting with Matt at our offices and he's like, Hey Alex, this is blah blah blah. And I'm like hi. And like Matt always gives context like oh he works at Netflix or like, oh this is a guy from Paramount or oh this is a director, whatever. He's giving kind of like no context. And he's kind of looking at me like Matt's like I like giving me weird eyes where I'm like I can't read your mind Matt like what are you trying to say?


And I was like Oh so nice to meet you. And it was like kind of a weird interaction 'cause we had no reason to talk. He leaves, Matt comes running back into my office and goes for Lauren. For Lauren. For Lauren. Okay. He's divorced two kids. Good looking kids. I know. Could we do kids? Maybe not. Well what about With how old are they? I don't know. I didn't get into enough detail but I do think it could be like okay this is gonna be really controversial and I actually would love to know from people in the comments when Lauren is on the dating journey, do we think a dad would be like a good fuck or is he gonna be lazy? I fucked a dad before We What?


You don't know this story? Who? It was like three years ago and I swooped him up at a bar and did he like Woo you with like the picture of His kids? No, his sweater. I was obsessed with his sweater. I was like oh he looks like a librarian. No. And he's like, yeah And mids sex. He was like, I gotta be honest, my divorce is like in process right now. And I was like, you think you did tell me this? Yeah. And I was like, do you have kids? And he was like, yeah, No like mid stroke. And he's like Ugh. I'm thinking about my divorce papers. That's not fucking hot. But was he Was a lingerer the next day but was Was the sexual Situation. Yeah I think dads 'cause they've like seen some shit, you know?


Yeah. Like they've seen a baby come out of a vagina. Yeah. They've like cleaned up shit diapers. Like bodily functions don't scare dad. They're kind of freaks. So I think dads are like down to get dad down and dirty. The dads I think dad are down For the weird shit. Yeah. Okay. See this is the kind of shit Lauren that I needed to know because for our single Daddy Gang, like I understand Don't be scared of dads but This is also what I was gonna say. I have a feeling that if you are not looking completely for a relationship and you're kind of looking just to like meet people and have good sex, I have a feeling a dad could be the perfect person because he may not be looking for anything serious. A Recently divorced Dad. Exactly. Mm. So like, I don't know, like Recently divorced dad hit me up.


That's literally somehow you can like set your settings Recently. Divorced dads Please hit me up. That's in your bio. Okay, anyways. Sorry. How did we get off track? Oh me meeting people in the wild. Yeah, yeah. Okay, go Ahead. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Okay, So last we podcasted together. We were in Utah and it was right before Christmas and I was going to Seattle to meet my family for Christmas. We do the national park bit Every year we were doing Olympic National Park and since I was coming from Utah with you, I was already on the West coast and it made sense for me to just like go right to Seattle. So I was beating my family to Seattle by an entire day. So I had 24 hours to spend solo in Seattle.


So I get to Seattle and I'm like pop off, I Can you tell Lauren's back on TikTok pop off. Okay, so you get to Seattle, I get To Seattle and I go to a rooftop bar by myself. Love. I have a little glass of SA bee, I have some oysters, then I go to the spa, I get a massage. Oh my God. And then I go out to a sushi restaurant. I Can, I just say I love this for you. And I feel like the best, most fun moments can sometimes come from when you're doing shit alone. Obviously be safe. But like I feel like no one takes themselves on dates anymore. And I just wanna put that energy out there.


Daddy Gang. If you were like, what should I do this weekend? 'cause all my friends are gone or my boyfriend's gone, or you're single. Do this 'cause then what happened? Oh Well No, we're okay. We're getting there. Okay, so I am at the sushi restaurant and I have a little bit of a buzz going in 'cause I had like two cocktails before my massage and they gave me free champagne at the massage. But you were buzzed during a massage. Oh, Highly recommend. We, I've never done that. Really Highly recommend. I Wonder, would you ever take an edible before a massage? All the time. Why Am I going in just raw dog? I don't know. I've literally never done that. Get do it and get back to me.


Okay, good To know. Okay, So I'm sitting at the bar of the sushi restaurant and I love the bartender. It's a woman I'm already like So you Fucked him? No. Okay. It's a woman. We're just like vibing and like I'm alone and like I haven't, I've been in Seattle all day by myself and it's like six 30 now. So I haven't really had much human interaction. So like I'm just like hitting it off talking. Yeah, you're ready to chat. I'm just ready to chat. So I'm chatting with the bartender and she's like really proud of her craft and she's making me all these different cocktails, like these fancy ones. So now I'm like three cocktails in and I'm like feeling great and it's like seven 30 on a Friday. Oh. And I'm closing my tab and I'm like, okay. Like I had myself a nice day.


Like I'll go back to my hotel room and just like watch a show. Then this guy comes and sits down next to me at the bar and he starts immediately striking up conversation is like, this is my first time coming here. Like what did you order? Did you like it immediately? I'm like, I'm not attracted to you but I'm not you're, I can tell you're very cozy and non-threatening and safe. Oh. And I'm enjoying the conversation with you. You're not thinking of it as a complete prospect, but potentially by more conversation you may be like, huh, I'm just in the mood to chat and not really necessarily in the mood to go home. And I'm like, And there's something about when you're in a different city.


Yeah. And you're not like there's something, it Was starting my Christmas vacation too, so I'm like, oh, like let's go. Like I can get Well vacation. Yeah. Vacations. Starting love. I mean I was gonna drink responsibly because I'm alone in a new city. But of course I'm like down to like have a good time, meet someone new love. And so we start talking and the talk, the conversation's so enjoyable that at this point I had closed my tab and I reopened my tab to get another drink and like keep talking to him. Okay. And we're sitting at the bar talking for like 25 minutes. What are you talking about? We were just like talking about like I was saying I was going to Olympic National Park and this is when I had had planned for my trip and like okay nice. What I have planned for the holidays and what he's up to and like we were just like chatting it up love. And so now at this point it's probably like seven 30.


Okay. And he was like, well like you're alone tonight. Right? I'm like, he yeah. And he's like, me too. And he, he was like, I actually was gonna go to another bar after this. It's one of my favorite bars and there's a live show. Like, do you wanna come? And I'm like, yeah. Like in my mind I'm like, oh like live music, a live band. The singer like love that. So down I'm like, yeah, totally. Like let's go. So we close our tabs and we're walking to the next bar and we get to the next bar. Okay. It's a drag show and I'm like, oh that's not entirely like what I was anticipating but like okay, like I'm down fun. Like Right. Let's go to a drag show. Yeah. So we're like watching the drag show. We're hanging out, we're laughing in my mind.


I'm like, oh he thinks this is a date. He's so into me, right? Like he's Like having fun and he's thinking, he's like, so He's like, yeah. He's like, wow. Like what a great night for me. I thought I was gonna have a solo night night and now I'm on a date with this girl love. So like we're watching the drag show and then there's like an arcade in the bar too. So then we go play like some games together and we're talking and then we go sit at a table in the back and we get another drink and we're still just like chatting. Keep Going. I have a feeling where this is going just from the she act that you went to a drag show. So keep going, keep Going. So we're talking and we've been hanging out for like an hour and a half now at this second bar. And I look up and I look around at the bar and I'm like, is this bar circus themed?


And he's like, yeah. He's like, it's my favorite 'cause it makes me feel like I'm at home. I'm like, what do you mean? It makes you feel like you're at home. And he is like, well the past six years I've been in the circus. I just got out of the circus


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Lulu Lemon. You know, don't we all love Lulu Lemon? I just feel like it has been the cornerstone in my life of whenever I'm like, what do I, what do I put? I'm putting on my leggings, I'm putting on that zip up to make me look gorgeous and I'm heading out the door. Okay. The glow uptight is a new training tight with body hugging move enhancing support that will make you feel like saying let's do this to just about anything. Okay. They are snug above the hips and stretchy through the leg for a fit that feels secure and spring loaded. Plus new ultra lu fabric feels incredibly sleek and smooth against your skin. While the highway waist span is structured to provide a held in sensation glow, UPT tights are perfect for hit class weight and resistance training, hitting the cardio machines at the gym or walking around your local park or going to work in your favorite tight. Okay. I don't know about you guys but I personally love putting on a tight and I even match it sometimes with a little hoodie or a little zip up or a little t-shirt. Like you really can't go wrong with a cute little sneaker boom you're in. I'm going to work, I'm going on date nights with these. Okay. Obviously I'm hitting the gym with the tights, but you never know you can wear them kind of anywhere. So don't hold back. Visit your local Lululemon store or shop online at Lululemon dot com to get your glow. UPT tights.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. Now is your time to build on a hobby or establish a global empire. And while the entrepreneurial path is never linear, Shopify will have your back at any stage no matter how many detours you encounter on the journey. Daddy Gang, I have talked about how Shopify has been truly so integral to my personal business. And anyone out there that is on a new venture or is in the middle of their venture and you're trying to figure out how you can get to that next level. It is Shopify. Shopify is a commerce platform that allows you to start, grow and manage a business. It can be as simple as a side hustle or a multimillion dollar fundraiser. The cool thing is that Shopify is behind so many brands. Millions of people in over 170 countries are selling online and in person using this platform. And you can too. There are tons of fun themes to choose from and it's easy to use drag and drop edit. You can even tag and sell your products globally and across all social media platforms where the customers are. Shopify. Thank you so much for being such obviously a huge part of my business. It has made it easier. Daddy Gang. I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is how to delegate and not take everything on my back and on my shoulders. And Shopify has been that go-to for me when I am selling product. They make it easy and they make it a great good experience. So Daddy Gang, it's time to build your brand. Head to Shopify dot com slash daddy to see how easy it is to start your business today.


I look around at the bar and I'm like, is this bar circus themed? And he's like, yeah. He's like, it's my favorite 'cause it makes me feel like I'm at home. I'm like, what do you mean? It makes you feel like you're at home? And he is like, well the past six years I've been in the circus. I just got out of the circus. I'm like, oh you were in the circus. Like pop off pop pop. And I was like, he, he was telling me about like his roommate and him who just like moved out and I'm like, by chance was your roommate also in the circus? And he's like, yeah, all of my friends here are from the circus. And then like I like really like paused for a second and I like really taken my surroundings more like sober up a little bit.


Yeah, it was a circus seemed bar, it was a gay bar. And he was a gay man. Lauren sweetie. Lauren. Lauren. I don't think he thought he was on a date with me. No. He found a nice young straight woman who he thought loved the gays. Yeah. Who does love the gaze? I'm, I'm at this point sure. Glad to be known I'm an ally. No, no, no. Not only are you an ally, you are literally trying to turn gay men straight. You're like, are we in love? He's like, babe, this is my boyfriend over here. And you're like, Jonathan, we Lauren, I have something wrong with me.


Like my gaar is broken. I can't tell a gay man from a straight man. I am sorry I have no words. I'm trying to like process like again you guys, this basically the last episode after she found out that that man was gay, she turned to the guy at the bar and she was like, he's so cute. And we're like, babe, like he's drinking a pink martini. Like he's gay. Like Lauren is like, not that again. Like I get straight men Kendra. But it's like, it was so obvious this man was gay and Lauren's like his muscles. And I'm like, babe Lauren, you're going. Oh Yeah, Okay Lauren. Yeah. Okay. But at least so did Wait, once you realized he was gay, like what did you do?


I called it you were like, oh, I was just like, I thought I was gonna get a maybe a little finger tonight. Yeah. I called it and then I texted my friend who gave me the recommendation for the sushi place and I was like, wow. So funny how this night turned out, my friend who gave me the recommendation is a gay man. And he was like, oh honey, I could have told you you weren't gonna meet anyone I sent you to the gay neighborhood. Oh My fucking God, Lauren. I know we Can I ask what he did in the circus? Yeah. He was the control panel operator. So he coordinated the music, the pyro and the lights operating in sync. Huh. So at least he like it Could have, he wasn't, you Know, I know he Wasn't.


I mean if you fling That could have been cool. It Could have been cool too if he was like the flame thrower thrower. Like he ate fire. Right. Moving on. Okay, so that, Okay, so then I thought on the way home from this trip that I was gonna redeem myself. So I'm flying home from this vacation and I am, are You going home and like masturbating or are you like so turned off that you're like, fuck I really fucked that up. No, I went home and I was like, I need to like reevaluate some things. Okay. So you try to redeem yourself. So I'm trying to redeem myself. So on. I'm flying home from my Christmas vacation. I'm going back to Chicago and I'm in a fabulous mood.


I'm feeling on top of the world because I just got upgraded to first class. I am gonna get on this plane, I'm gonna have two glasses of red wine. I have like three hours left in my book. I'm about to like sit down and like read like the final battle scene of my book. Oof. And I'm like, I'm gonna have a great flight home. Love. So I walk onto the flight and I see that in first class I am seated next to the hottest man in the entire world. Here we go again. No, no, no, no, no. And he's gay and I don't, no, he was straight. He was straight. Okay. I like definitely know he was straight. Okay. So the story is not ending and you fell in love with Another fucking game. He's not another gay man. Okay. And I don't wanna be the girl who cries hot guy on the plane.


'cause I know we said last time that like the guy on the plane hot was, was the hot, this guy was Hotter Times Higher. The hotter than the guy on the 10 times hotter. He was even dressed better. He had like a fear of God. Like sweatshirt on like a little like hat. Like perfectly fitted jeans. Like a little s scrub. No, I, I'm really sure this guy was strange. Okay. No, no, no. I believe that. So he had like swag? Yeah, He's swag. Swag. He was like with it also. Yeah. Okay. So Because those are like name brands that are like not name brandy, like you kind of have to know. No. Okay. Okay. I only know them 'cause of you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay cool. And so I sit down next to, Are you in the aisle or the I'm the window. He's the aisle. Love. Ooh. So you have to like climb over his big, big dick to go to the bathroom.


Can we also agree before you tell me the rest of the story, that without a doubt, every single fucking time that you go to the airport moving forward, I Have to stop looking like shit you have To Glam. I gotta get my shit together. Even if you're not full glam, like you need to start. Well did You see what I wore when I flew here yesterday? No, I Arrived to your house yesterday. Oh Wait, what were you wearing? I, I was wearing leggings. A sweater and a little scarf. Wait, you and I had earrings on. You Had a scarf? I had a scarf on. Wait, Wait, wait. Okay, so you're gonna start putting yourself together a little bit. 'cause again, like we've said and does everyone else agree and comment down below if this is on fucking TikTok or wherever the fuck this is on Instagram. Let's all debate for two seconds. What is one of the hottest, most like meet cute places that you could meet someone.


A plane, right? A plane. It's Like the fate of you ending up sitting next to someone that you end up vibing with and the fact that they're single. Like usually you just get like a fucking rumper that's sitting next to you And it's like, I Got it coughing and sneezing. I got a 10. Okay, but where else would be hot to meet someone? Hmm. I feel like the plane is like, The plane's like it Or like a coffee shop too. Basic. You know why the plane is good? Because other places it could come across offputting if someone just like starts talking, talking to you. But like if you're seated next to someone on a plane, I'm not A Freak. I'm not entirely offput if someone tries to talk to me.


Okay, that's Fair. Okay, so sorry, back on track. Okay, so I sit down next to him and I was ugly 'cause I gotta start looking better on planes. So I'm like a little insecure. I'm like, this guy is so hot and I, but like, how ugly, Like are you like, you're like worst? Mm. A little better than the last time. I'm not hungover. Alright. So it's not great. I'm not puffy, but I just like don't have any makeup on and like my hair is greasy and in a bun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think I'm wearing like a full sweatsuit. Yeah. So he can't even like see those Hips. No, I was gonna have to wow him with my personality. But you know, if he falls in love with that and you rip your shirt off and he is like, look at these titties, you're like, that's not what I lead without. That's not my best. Yeah. It's not My best asset.


Okay. So you know when like someone's so hot, you're like a little uncomfortable. That's how I felt. So I popped in my air pods and I was like, I just need to like be with myself a little bit and kind of strategize like what in the world could I make conversation with this guy about? And I'm like, I need to, I have a four hour flight, I'm gonna like hit pause. I'm gonna have two glasses of wine. I'm gonna read my book and I'm gonna get a little liquid courage brewing inside of me. And then like eventually I'm gonna find some way to make contact. So I get lost in my book for a second and like I kind of forget he's there. And like I get like a buzz on and all of a sudden like I realize like I have to pee so bad and I'm a bitch on planes When it comes to asking people to stand up to go to the bathroom.


Absolutely. I don't think I'm a bitch in other areas of my life. I don't really have boundary issues. I can ask for like what I want and need, but when it comes to asking people to stand up on a plane so I can pee, it's Terrifying. Worst nightmare. It's Terrifying. I'd rather get an infection than sometimes ask, especially Depending, I'd pee my dribble a little Bit. Yeah. And, and especially depending on the person. Yeah. Okay. So I'm like all of a sudden like hits me, like I'm in my book and it just like hits me. I'm like, I have to pee so bad and I look up at my man and he is knocked the fuck out. Oh, that's Tough sleeping. But I'm like, it's just one person I have to ask to stand and like, I have two and a half hours left.


Like, I gotta pee. Yeah. Like I can't do this. So at first I like lightly tap him and I'm like, excuse me, not budging. And then I go a little harder and I'm like, excuse Me, are, excuse me. I go a little lower and I'm like, excuse me. He gets a hard on. I start, okay wait, so you go harder. So I go a little harder and I'm like, excuse me, excuse me. I'm doing this for like a few minutes and like I'm wanting to like crawl in my skin. Of course. I'm like, I'm dying. Of course the guy across the aisle sees me and he starts giving me encouragement. He's like, you got this, you got this, you got this.


So I, I'm, I'm now a like, okay. Like he's, he's encouraging me. So I'm getting a little more like, like a little like, excuse me. And this guy is like still not waking up. So then the guy across the aisle reaches over and joins in. So the guy across the aisle is leaning across the aisle on one shoulder. I'm on this guy's shoulder and we're both like, excuse me, excuse me. And he's not waking up. This Is horrifying. Lauren fucking put your leg over that man's dick and lunge over him. Then the flight attendant joins in because the flight attendant comes over and is like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Like what's going on here? Here, stop touching this man. Like what are you guys doing to this man? And I'm like, I'm so sorry I couldn't get him to wake up.


And that guy saw him was struggling. So then that guy joined in. So the flight attendant, like you can tell this ain't her first rodeo. She two hands him and jolts him awake and he wakes up. I'm leaning over him on this side. The flight attendant's over the front of him and the guy across the aisle is leaning over him too. And he wakes up and he's like, what the actual fuck? We Probably panicked. Yeah. Like, we're going down. Yeah. And I'm like, I I'm so sorry I was trying to wake you up. Then they joined in and the flight attendant saw, she saw we were trying to harass you since she joined in and like now I'm so sorry that you're waking up like this. And it was like, he's like, Can you imagine being on a plane and opening your eyes and there's four human beings above you. I would be like, someone's in the cockpit. Like someone's taking everyone down. Yeah Dude. Oh. But in my mind I'm like, that actually couldn't have gone worse.


Right. But it's it's gonna be funny. So I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Okay. And like we're gonna come back and laugh about this because like how absurd that like he woke up that it took three people to wake him up and that he woke up with three people Like you can Bond over. No we now, now I have an in. Yeah. Now we have a bond Love. So I'm like okay, like go to the bathroom like pee. Like this is gonna be so funny. When I come back, I come back, he's knocked the fuck out again.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by z biotics. Do you need to be productive tomorrow? I'm assuming your answer is gonna be yes. Well drink this probiotic before happy hour. Okay. Zio pre alcohol probiotic helps your body break down acetaldehyde, alcohol's toxic byproduct so you feel better the next day. Here's how it works. When you drink alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct not dehydration, that is to blame for your rough next day. This is a proactive way to help with the next day. Instead of a reactive approach With pre alcohol, you can stay on track and not let winter travel and celebrations like Valentine's Day Super Bowl and Mardi Gras throw you off course. Go to z biotics.com/ Call Her Daddy to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Call Her Daddy at checkout z Biotics is backed with 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/ Call Her Daddy and use the code. Call Her Daddy at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Biotics for sponsoring this episode and our good time.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama but you know we all love a good juicy rumor and let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes guys word on the street is that listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay so kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of so thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


I come back, he's knocked the fuck out again. Like out cold You're Literally like bro Bro No. So I just crawl over him. You crawled over, I just crawled over and the rest of the sleep he was sleeping like a sweet little angel baby. And When you landed And when he landed, people normally wake up when you land, you know like you like land and you're like and like you're like awake. He slept through the whole landing. He didn't get out until like the actual last second. So And he lives in Chicago. I don't know. Well Or he's coming from, I don't know. See now would you ever have thought to yourself? Well I guess no because that's also reading the room.


'cause I was gonna say would you ever have thought it would've been appropriate if you just wrote your number on a little piece of paper? Slipped it. No then I feel like that woman literally literally took it Touching me. She's in my sleeve But okay so it was kind of just one of those where you're like looking at this gorgeous man and you can't do Anything. No. Like I think that would be non-consensual Lauren. So I'm just not having good luck. Okay. But we have talked about it like a plane is really tough but it does have opportunity. So I feel like what we know for next time that you're on a plane Yeah. Is number one, you're gonna look cute so you feel your best. Yes. 'cause let's say you know, you saw this man and he looks like a 10 that you're sitting next to in his little fear of God fucking shirt.


But you are feeling like a gremlin. You are feeling not your best. You are feeling like wow I haven't washed my hair in 10 days. I was just with my family Hyping it up the mountain. I got pubes on every fucking crevice of my body. Like you're not gonna feel like pop the pussy even to lunge over his body. But had you been like a little seal, you're fucking shaved up. You got your like perfume on, you got your lip liner on. Ooh maybe you would back that. Maybe you would back that thing up right All over him just to get to the bathroom and maybe he would've woken up and instead of seeing you like sir, he would've been like god damn. Yeah he Probably like opened his eyes and was like, oh what Is that? And you're like, oh you're like Lauren.


I know. Okay. So but what I think we also know is like you're getting really good luck with like really good looking men on planes recently. Yes. Yes. Also to be fair, 'cause like you're usually flying to pretty like metropolitan places. So I feel like that's also the type of man that you want to be with. Like we've talked about it. I want like a go-getter. I want like a jet setter. Yeah. You want someone that's like in the know. Yeah. So I feel like these are huge opportunities for you to meet men. Yeah. So I'm gonna get my act together and I'll report back. I'm really proud of you though. I think that you are, you have the right mindset. We now just need to like wait what happened at your high school reunion? So Last I told the Daddy Gang was about my high school reunion.


Yeah. We've been potting a lot guys. Yeah. Catch up Thanksgiving episode. I was talking about how I was about to go to my high school reunion. You were Gonna see your arch nemesis. Yeah, I was about to say I went off on my arch nemesis. Wait Was she there? Okay. Okay. Okay. So in that episode I told a story about my high school boyfriend cheating on me at prom with my arch nemesis classic. And that podcast episode aired three days before the high school reunion. So I had a little bit of anxiety going into my high school reunion. Like is he gonna be there? Is she gonna be there? Did they hear me just like pop off on them? Did they think that like I'm still like Obsessed. Obsessed Like in love. Yeah. Yeah. And just like what's the interaction gonna be?


So I did some intel. I knew as I said in that episode that my arch nemesis loves Snapchat. So I got back in the old Snapchat. I love how you are saying that you know your arch nemesis loves Snapchat. Again for context, we are talking freshman and sophomore year like we're talking high school. When this girl used Snapchat, that would be like saying you and I love Snapchat. That's like Sikh saying I love MySpace. Okay. You are literally living in the old and age of something that you knew in high school. This woman could have gone through 10 different lives since then. Yeah. But yeah, she loves Snapchat. Fuck Yeah she did. 'cause I logged right back into my Snapchat and I checked her Snapchat story which was active and I confirmed she was not in the state of Pennsylvania.


She was not not gonna be at the reunion. Boom. She's out. Only contender left my high school ex. Is he gonna be at the high school reunion? I'm actually really proud of you and I feel like half of this is like the things that I've taught you because you're so not a stalker. No. Like you're so not doing recon. No, but you so are getting in there for this. Yeah. Yeah. Oh I love this. Okay, So I am getting dressed and ready to go, have my mom drop me off to meet my girlfriend. So humbling. Yeah. To have my mom go drop me off to meet my girlfriend so we could like pregame for the high school reunion. And my mom's a ride or die. My mom's a homie. She puts me on her back. She wants to be one with the girls.


Yeah. Like if she could have slept over with your friends. Yeah. You know she'd like I'm Yeah, she'd be up in there. Yeah if you invited her she'd be there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So my mom, I'm getting ready to walk out the door. My mom goes, lair, lair, lair. We got movement. I'm like, what's going on Karen, Just for context, her mom has a southern accent And I go over and she's like, lair bleep. That's my high school ex boyfriend just watched my Instagram story. Do you know what this means, lair? No, it's so good Lauren. He's so in love with you. No, no, no. You okay. So first of all, this is like the one thing that you did tell me on break. 'cause we were like save it for the podcast, save it for the podcast. And then when you told me that, I think I Texted you and Matt texted me and I said he watched my mom's Instagram story.


Okay. He's trying to fuck tonight. No. Not only is he trying to fuck tonight, he literally thinks your soulmates and is obsessed with you. I'm sorry and I'm sorry if he sees this but you can't fucking tell me we are 30 years old and your high school ex-boyfriend who you do not speak to, you guys aren't like friends. I haven't. I no I haven't. I have not made contact with him in probably like nine years. Nine Years is viewing your mother's Instagram story And And to top it off, I was like mom 'cause she keeps tabs. She knows who's viewing every story. Oh Yeah. 'cause she's got like 10 views. Yeah. Kara's Like, I'm like Mom is he a regular or is this a new view? And she's like new viewer, new view. Can you imagine everybody close your eyes right now.


Can you imagine you have not talked to your high school boyfriend in fucking 10 years and you are going to your high school reunion and your fucking mother alerts you that this mother fucking creeper is viewing her story. First of all, that is fucking insane. Second of all, Oh I just closed my eyes. I'm like Second of all, all that's telling me is he's trying to see if you are in town. Yeah. And you're going to the high school fucking reunion because what the fuck else is he doing creeping around the corner in December? Okay. So then now I get to the pregame and me and the girls are like hyping it up. I'm like, oh my God, he's gonna be there. I'm gonna see him for the first time in nine years. Like, do you think he's mad at me? Do you think he watched the podcast? Is he about to confront me? Like if he confronts me, like what do I say?


Like actually do you think there's gonna be like just like this, like fuck you and then grab me and make out with me. Sexual tension. We're tension. Just we're running all the scenarios in our Heads. So fun. So fun. So we get to the high school reunion and we get there 30 minutes late 'cause we're cool. Of course. And then can't be early. No. And so now we're, it's like an hour and a half into the high school reunion and me and my friends are kind of like keeping tabs on the door. Like is he here? Is he gonna walk in? Is he gonna walk in? And and also at that point also, it's not like you're obsessed 'cause obviously he's obsessed but like I'm like trying to clear your name before you like fuck yourself here. But I do wanna say it was Just like a bit that we were all, it's so fun. It was just like a bit that we were all like running in our heads like what is gonna happen?


Like no, it's so Fun because what the fuck else are you waiting for? Nothing. Like, oh hi Mat Patricia. Like how's your, where do you live now? Like insurance job? Like no, you wanna see your first like I just wanna, you wanna see your fucking high school love? Yeah. Okay, come On. Okay. What happened? So an hour and a half and I'm like, I grabbed my friend and I'm like, let's just go ask the woman working the door. Like is his name on the guest list? Like let's just go ask. That's smart. Is his name on the guest list? So we walk up 'cause you had to Rssv P you Had to RSVP and like pay so that like you have like a wristband for the open bar. Oh my god. Yeah, it's an open bar. So imagine where, where, where I'm at here when I go this way. Yeah, You're probably like 19 drinks deep and on inedible like hello ma'am.


So we go up to the woman working the door who has the list and like who RSVP'd and paid. Okay. And I'm like, is his name on the list? And she's like, no we and this girl make eye contact and I know she's Daddy Gang and I know we're vibing on like a different frequency. So I'm like, again, Open bark. Keep in mind Lauren thinks that she's vibing with this door woman and Lauren thinks this woman is Daddy Gang. This woman could be like so unaware and is like, what is wrong with this girl? She's a staring problem, but okay. Yeah, she's Daddy Gang. She's an ally. Yeah, she's She's an ally.


You. Oh no, she's an ally. Listen up. Okay, buckle up. Okay. So I look at her and I say, I need your help. I'm about to maybe have a faded run-in with my high school boyfriend and like I need to like crank it up a little bit. Did you say a faded run-In faded. Oh like fate. Like a faded. Is that a saying? Nope. I love it. A faded running. I thought you like said faded. Like I'm faded on this fucking juice girl. I've had a couple whis. I'm throwing it back. Okay. So I'm like, I'm gonna, are you down? I'm gonna give you his number. You're gonna call him and say, Hey this is Karen. I'm working the door at blah blah blah bar.


Someone actually paid for your wristband. Are you, when you gonna be here to pick it up? You think he's that dead broke that he'll come. The only reason he's not coming is because the 15 wristband, it Was 50 and like maybe he was just in the area. Yeah. Out in Philly. Like didn't know if he wanted to stop by. Yeah. But like if the bartender or if the dorm woman is calling him to say, oh my god, someone wants you here so bad that they paid for your wristband. Just stop by for a free open bar. Like fuck It, let's go. Right? Yeah, fair. I would do, I'd be like, oh, He doesn't answer. She leaves a voicemail and What does she say?


Exactly what I told her to. I'm Picturing you like seconds away from grabbing the phone being like, it's me baby. You're like holding yourself back all your fucking free will. It's like, don't grab the phone, don't grab the Phone. Well he didn't answer and it went to voicemail and I never heard from him or never saw him. So You're exposing yourself right now on Call Her Daddy to millions of people that you are. In fact, the girl that had Karen from the bar call him and try to get him and lure him to the bar so you could see him. I wasn't trying to see him to hook up with him or anything like that. What were You looking for, Lauren? A little rendezvous. Just a little like Fair because at least he's not gay and we know that Lauren and we A little like That fucking sucks though.


That like I actually, well So since I've downloaded Instagram, I've requested him and he won't accept my friend request. So I think he saw the first episode. But also we do not want him. No I Don't. I Do not. I don't want him want Him. I don't want Him. I don't, what are we doing? No, you just want, I just Wanted to stir the pot a little bit. No, you want him to? No, I don't want him you. So that you Can pull back and then you can be like, I don't want you anymore. That's so high school. But you want him to come to you so then you can fucking bounce. I don't know what I Want. Who has she become? It is crazy like, I don't know if anyone feels this big, but no matter how far away you get from your hometown, it's the saying of like, you can take a bitch outta Philly but you can't take the Philly out of a bitch or whatever the fuck the saying is.


Yeah, okay. Oh, also people got so mad at me when I was like, I will always be Philly. They're like, you're from the fucking suburbs cunt. I was like, okay, first of all, fuck off. It's not the same thing. No, but you know what I'm saying. We went to Philly every fucking day. Second of all, it's weird how no matter where you go in life stirs up those emotions of when you're like an adolescent. Because remember, did I tell you that my, I think I was regressing. Yeah. Thank God. No. Did I tell you that my ex-boyfriend randomly texted me a picture of the look at me now song by Chris Brown out of the blue and just texted that to me. When? In November. Oh. And just like a picture of like, look at me now. And I couldn't tell if he was saying like, look at you were looking at, look at you.


Exactly. I couldn't tell like Look at at you. Like I dunno what he's up to but like look at you kinda makes sense. I know I was thinking that. But it says look at me like I couldn't tell so I just didn't answer 'cause I was like, I'm not sure. You're also married. Yeah. Yeah. It was just like a little, I'm not married. You know You're Looking for I'm single. You're Looking to get fingered. I didn't know. Okay, so you had like you Wait, did you have any, I'm blowing up your spot. I forgot. You told me what you had a make out though. Yeah. Zoo rewind and zoom in on her face when she just said yeah. Oh, who are you? I'm obsessed. You had a make out? I had A make out. But not with my high school boyfriend. No. With a different man.


Okay. Now that we are in our era of you are single, we do not want you to end up with a gay man. Although we are allies. We wanna keep our gaze in our girls and then we wanna keep the dicks that we wanna sock and fuck Yeah. Over here for you to marry. Yeah. I have a little game on my phone that I, if anyone is single or even if you're fucking married or in a relationship, I don't give a shit. Just play with us 'cause this is gonna be fun. So I have a game for Lauren and basically I'm gonna ask you a question and I want to know if you would swipe right or left. I don't know. Right or left. I, yeah, exactly. I don't know his right. Good. Left bad. I don't know. So just say, I'm gonna say yes or no. Yes or no. Yes or no. Okay. Ready? We're gonna start easy. Okay.


Hopefully he has multiple mirror selfies on his profile. Multiple. Absolutely not. Like maybe, maybe I could let one slide, but like context matters. Okay. Like what context would you be? Okay. Can you imagine Matt taking a mirror selfie? Like mirror selfie? Like if you're like stunting and posing. No. No. Okay. Let's try to think of what is, what would be, okay. I feel like a man mirror selfie. This is gonna Like if you, maybe if like you're wearing like a really funny costume for like a theme something and you're just like snapping it like ha funny costume. Yes. I was thinking the same thing. Although a really random image came to my mind. He's outside at a cabin and there's a, there's a mirror like outdoor and he's like, like with his friends, like drinking beer.


Like well that might be too frat bro. No, it ha wait, okay. I, No, no, I take all that back. I was thinking Because imagine it Has to feel like he was in a moment. Yeah. Spur of the moment quick like, like I'm at a boarding stadium. Yeah, but not in the bathroom. Not in the bathroom. Not It has to be like, yeah, like Maybe he's walking by a mirror and someone snaps it of him. He like, but That's still frat bro energy. Yeah. No, I think you're right. The energy would be like if they're gonna costume, is that also frat boy energy? I It has. Again, if he's like It's okay. Once context Around It.


Context is really important. If there's multiple, absolutely Not. Yeah. One mirror selfie and the context has to make sense. We're struggling to find the context of the mirror selfie. That would be like Acceptable. But if you find it, send it in. Everyone comment down below. When is it acceptable for a man to take a mirror selfie? 'cause I'm struggling To know when that's the right time. I'm struggling. Okay. His first photo is shirtless. Absolutely. No it's unacceptable. One shirtless photo. The Only context that a shirtless photo would be, you're Really far away. Like I don't wanna be able to see any lines like you need to be far away where like you're just trying to show me more that like you go to beaches and like you go on vacations, but you're not trying to show me your body or more trying to show me the scenery and you being shirtless as a byproduct of the scenery but you're not trying to get up in there and like I shouldn't be able to see any crevices.


'cause you'd be that far away from the camera. And if We can see crevices that far away from the camera win, obviously to know that like you have a nice body. But I agree it should not be like your Body's not the focus, the scenery. You Know what could be cool is if he was like on a hike with people And his shirt and he just summited a mountain and he's so excited that he just summited a mountain. So he rips his shirt off and he is the off of the mountain. Yes. No, he has his shirt almost like around his neck. Around Neck. His shoulders. His shoulders for his neck. And he's so hot and he's sweaty. So he take his Shirt off. Yeah. Yeah. And he's doing one of those like when men do this, what does this think? Do you know what, when they do this to the the, they're like pointing to the person next to them. Do you know what I'm talking about? Boys do that. Shut the fuck up. But no, I think, I think it's around their neck.


Yeah. Okay. All of his, no, all of his prompts are knock, knock jokes. No. Oh, I will talk about prompts though. Okay. Talk to me about prompts Because you haven't been on the apps in a little bit. No. So Like prompts are are huge. Prompts are huge on Hinge like I feel or like all the apps, I don't know I but Hinge specifically. Yeah. And I am proud of my prompts. Oh. Oh. Do you want to sh Is that you being like ask about Yes about my prompts. What's going on with


This is an advertisement from Better Help. I cannot express how much of a Game Changer Therapy has been for me over the past few years. I would not be anywhere near where I am today without it. Going on a therapy journey gave me the tools I needed to set healthy boundaries, practice clear communication, and end the unhealthy habits that were holding me back. Setting aside time to focus on yourself is so crucial for Personal Growth and Daddy Gang. You do not have to do it alone. In a society that glorifies being extremely independent, it's so easy for us to forget that we are so much better when we have a support system. Therapy can be that amazing source of support you're looking for in any area of your life. Whether you are working on finding balance or your goal setting or you're trying to break toxic patterns, it all just gets so much easier when you ask for help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. This month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing is worth it so don't miss it. For a limited time visit better help.com/daddy to get 90% off your first week. That's better. Help HEL p.com/daddy


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jack in the box, Jack's new crispy boneless wings pack. So Munch Crunch you guys, I love a good wing. These wings are super crunchy unlike other boneless wings that get soggy and they're kind of just like mushy. We all know how that is. Jack's wings retain the crunch so that you have the best of both worlds s sauciness and Crunch. And let's talk about the sauces because you will love them so mu you gotta try the new smoke show Smoky barbecue sauce and the honey garlic sriracha both. I love a good honey garlic sriracha flavor. It is something that gets my gears going and when I have a little smoky barbecue sauce lathered on my wings, I cannot be stopped. Okay? I love a good wing, but if it does not have a crunch, I start to be like, what is this texture and why is it happening? So Daddy Gang, you can always get so mu more at Jack in the Box like free food when you sign up for the Jack app.


What's going on with your prompts Lauren? Okay, so one of my prompts that gets The most traction, ooh, is it's, let's debate this topic. The top sheet is useless. I fucking remember when you were telling me about this. But then you started lingering too long on the fucking top sheet conversation. This is what I was gonna say. Okay, so now when everyone slides in, they're all going for the top sheet convo. So now I have like 20 conversations going ham about whether or not you use a top sheet. Like I can like, oh I feel so much f since I got rid of the top sheet. Oh I'm bold. I got rid of the top sheet. Like right, Like you now you almost have prompts to go with once they start the conversation around the Prompt.


Yeah, I know, I, I can, I can give you five top sheet jokes right off the top of my Head. You can just kind of black out and then eventually you wanna transition the conversation. But y Yes because the danger is I can't go on a date with someone when all we've talked about is whether you have a top sheet or not on your bed. And when Lauren showed me one of her dating app conversations, I was like, babe, I'm scrolling and we're still on the fucking top sheet, which is where you really have to be careful. Like I think something that my advice for dating apps that I gave to you was, and I used to do this a lot, was, hmm, this Is the advice I, I can be sarcastic. Like I think that was one of my like Flirt like banter. Yeah banter and like I used to do that all the time. The problem is if you don't get out of that zone somewhat in the beginning days of speaking before, Before the actual date, before the Actual date, I find it very hard to transition your relationship out of the banter stage to being like sweet and romantic and like Not shitting on each other.


Yeah. Yeah because I remember it was the Canadian and it was this Canadian hockey player that I used to hook up with and we were both Leos which was just a fucking disaster in general. But I remember every single fucking time I was with him we were constantly trying to one up each other and we were constantly just bantering and if you were at a dinner with us, like we would go to a lot of group things and people were like, you two are so fucking insane together. It's hilarious to watch. But I was also like, I also want you to like cuddle me and like, And then you end the date and you're like wait I know nothing about you. It's almost like a competition. Yeah. If you can keep the banter going and it gets exhausting and I find that you almost regret that you never were just like normal sweet conversations and then you cont so be careful Daddy Gang that you go, don't get stuck in the banter phase because as fun as it is to find something that you're like, okay this person can fucking banter.


Yeah. Eventually you're gonna run out of like leg room to be like, it's now would be weird for us to have a romantic Yeah. Loving moment because we're so joking with each other. Yeah. Okay. Good to know. Okay, next. Your ex is in one of his pictures. I'm in a little bit of a destructive mode right now. What Is going on with Each, I don't know. So like I would probably just like, Hmm, go for it. No, no I wouldn't. You Were about to say some you what? Go ahead. Say what you were gonna Say. No. No because like no How long do you have to wait to to Fuck his friend?


Yeah, I think it has to be like a year and a half. That's murky territory. You're Gonna say that's murder. No I feel like 'cause what if it's like, you know love stories. Like if you go to fuck a guy that your ex is friends with, again, if it's his best fucking friend Yeah you're, that's just, that's mean because it's also kinda weird in hindsight like if his best friend would fuck you then I don't like what that says about him and his morals but if it was a guy in his friend group that he was always just kind of around but you guys never hung out but like then you, yeah I think you'd have to be like cl am I doing this to like get closer to him and have like a little bit like one leg into like a circle of his life.


Am I doing this? 'cause I hope he's going to hear about it. Ooh Yeah. Or is it like you move to a new city and you see a friend that was his friend and new city That's safe or or You also have to check with yourself depending on the way that you broke up with your exes. Like are you also leaning into it for the familiarity that's just like comforting to you or do you like actually like this guy to like this guy? Okay, so there's a lot of dynamics at play here. Interesting. Daddy Gang right into us if this has happened to you, he's six 11. Oh yeah baby what? Six 11. How tall is that? Actually can We talk about that for a second? Six Lauren? Six 11. Can you like gimme an, If you were doing 69, you are fucking, your fucking phase would be at his nipple.


How tall do you like what do you think is a six 11? Like what is Lauren? Matt? Matt is six three. Oh no, no I I actually think six 11 Are There six 11 people? Lauren Have you ever watched the NBA? There's Six 11. Yes There's seven. Can you, can you wait let me Google how, let me Google. Average NBA pal air height Lawrence seven feet. Really not average maybe, but I think Google it. Okay. From what I understand a lot of like the crew boys in at BU were really tall and I just remember I've never hooked up with someone that tall, but I remember my friends always saying, oh my god, sex is so hard. Because also if you're riding on top and you're looking at him, you go to kiss him, it's like your head would fall down and you just hit like nipple.


Like you can't even reach up to him. Like the proportions are off. Tell me the Average height of an NBA player is six foot, six and a half inches. Is that true? That's What let's call Matt. That's why a I Google is saying let's call Matt and how tall is Matt? Six three A? Although it says he's shorter on the line and it really upsets him. Business can wait for two seconds. What is the average height of an NBA player? Like what's the average? I mean Google it but I would probably say 6 5, 6 4. Six five Really? And but there are people that are six 11. Yes. But then there's people who are six one. So like maybe six five is six.


Six is probably the average. But there Are men that are seven foot in the NBA. There's men that are seven three. Thank you. Love you. Love you. But listen, I'm telling you, you're Gonna see us next week. Courtside. Lauren's like, I don't want him throwing me around but do you understand what I'm saying? Logistic. I love how we're saying it's too tall, but listen to me think about it. You are riding a man. Okay. I love what we're doing. Like science. Yeah. You are riding this man. No, we need him To be longer. This is him. You are riding This man.


Oh wait, You're riding this man. Okay, here dink dink. You go to kiss him and his head is here. But think about that. You can't reach him so you can't make out when you're riding him you, that's A big knock. So dog. Well I guess it depends the cut intimacy level if you're just trying to fuck, but do you understand what I'm saying? You can't. 69, you're so far away when you're sucking his dick that you can't really like make eye contact. He's so, he's like a mile away. But like I think there's definitely positives to date. Does anyone, is anyone in a relationship with a man that's seven foot? Let us know. Six 11. And I don't wanna discriminate, I'm just saying for you, I can tell with you, I think you want big, but I dunno if you want that big, but if it's love.


Okay. Okay, next question. What the fuck was my question? Oh, six 11. Six 11. It's a good question. It's a good question. Oh, he's doing a baby voice in his voice prompt. Whenever there's a voice prompt on a dating app, I don't listen because I know I'll immediately get the Ick. I think that it's the worst fucking thing that they did to that app. What's, what is a man doing A baby voice even sound like, I don't know, but I know that men do it and I actually think, ladies, I know it's probably like feels counterintuitive, but I actually genuinely believe, I remember when I was looking at your hinge, I don even, I was like, do not click on that even. Yeah, don't click on their voice prompts because if they have one, they're probably trying to do something funny and they don't understand like it's gonna give you the ick. And maybe he is like a good guy, but he's like trying maybe, Maybe he's a standup comedian, but like save it for the stage.


He's vegan. That's like an like, that's not a deal breaker, but that's a big inconvenience. Yeah. Yeah. Like come on. Like I wanna go have steak. Yeah, exactly. In Sushi. Okay. Oh, his frat Greek letters are in his bio and he's 30 years Old in the bio. Get the fuck out of here. If you even bring up what fraternity you were in on our first date, also like get the fuck outta Here. Here. I agree he's hot but his outfits are horrible. Hmm. I think it's okay. Like there's room to grow. Yeah, But I also would have to like meet him in person. 'cause maybe he's Like a, so some are resistant to change. I couldn't have a guy that like actually like, like looks like to the point where I'm like, we're going on a date night and I'm just like never getting turned on.


Yeah. Okay. Fair. I think that's it. Yeah. I feel like we did it. Yeah. Okay. So I think this is like a fun game you guys that Lauren and I are just trying to figure out like who is Lauren going to end up with? And we're all, We're in, we're in. We're in no rush. We're in no rush. And I feel like we're all very invested in this journey of yours and I think people are really enjoying it. Like the last couple episodes that we've done, I feel like people are really enjoying the conversation around you being single, getting out of a relationship at 30 like you shared with us and like you're so young and you have so much opportunity and I like that you're kind of like dipping in and doing dates when you're in the mood and then you're kind of going on little hiatus. And I think that is a great, that's a great strategy. Like don't force yourself, like don't feel bad if you haven't gone on dates in a couple months, Daddy Gang.


Like maybe you're just not ready and you're probably like your body is probably telling you like maybe you need to focus on yourself a little bit more. Maybe you want to focus on work right now. Like don't get mad at yourself. If you go in flux of like going on a bunch of dates and then stopping. I think that's normal, right? Oh Yeah. That's next time we podcast. Oh you know I'm inviting myself back. Yeah, come back. You're always here. Next time we podcast we can debate the fact that I do not agree with my therapist. Yes. Let's finish with this. My therapist told me that because I don't want a relationship right now. And she was like, well why are you going on dates if you don't want a relationship? So you out there ponder on that.


Do you agree that Lauren should not be dating if she doesn't wear a relationship? Or do you think it's completely fine that Lauren is going on dates but she doesn't want a relationship? We will leave you with that with that big, big, big question mark. And we are going to go have wine and watch football with Matt. So God bless and thank you guys so much for listening to another lovely episode of Call Her Daddy and you know the drill. I will see you fuckers. Next Wednesday. Goodbye.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help. Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.