
What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Ed Sheeran. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Hey. Okay. Wait, I was gonna ask you. A musician never is sitting in the seat at 9:00 AM like, I've never had a musician. Really? Is that the coffee? There we go. Bring in the coffee. Thank You. Thank you so much. Thank you. I am honestly an early riser. Like really? I'm an early riser and an early bed timer, but I'd have two very young girls at home. So like I'm up at five 30 every morning. Oh my God. So I'm, yeah, I was up, I was up at about six 30 this morning. And what time did you go to bed? Three 30. Oh wow. So you could get, like, do you get a little like loopy?


Like are you gonna get like weird, funny or are you gonna like fall asleep on me? Honestly, I have no idea where my body is at the moment. We've been in India, China and then just, and then UK for a bit and then now in America. So I'm my, my body is all over the shop at the moment. Wait, you were in Boston? We Were in Boston last night, Yeah. That is one of my favorite places ever. I went to college there. Yeah. So Boston to me is like, What College did you go to? Boston University. Amazing. I spent many nights on bar floors and club floors. And so Where are you originally from? Pennsylvania. Amazing. And then I went to school in Boston and I remember being in Boston and being like, this is the greatest fucking place. These bars are epic. The people are epic. Like everyone just goes so fucking hard. It Definitely feels European.


Yeah, it definitely has like a, a, a vibe about it that ev every time I've gone to Boston, like it's always been the first place for me. Like the first biggest theater I played in the first arena I played here and then the first stadium and it's always been, but I guess there's something to do with the Irish heritage I guess that, yeah. But it, yeah. I love, I I love Boston. Last night was fun. We did, it was obviously St. Patrick's Day and I flew the, the folk band that played with me on Goway Girl. I flew them over and they learned all my songs and we basically did a trad jam of, it was like a set, but it was like with an Irish trad band. And was that where you were like running on top of the bar singing? No, that was in Nashville.


That was in Nashville. Oh, you've been like getting after it. Yeah, I've been around. I kind of, this whole entering into this album campaign, I was just like, I don't want to do anything that I've done before. And for me, all of that sort of stuff is so fun. It like way more fun than like organizing, like proper gig that's ticketed and blah blah blah. If you just turn up somewhere and play, you still play the gig but it's just chaotic and fun. That's fun though that you're at a place in your career where you're even interested in doing those type of things. 'cause I feel like the bigger people get, they're like, no, I don't need to go do random shit like that. Oh No, it's the, that's, I feel like that's when you actually connect with people. I think I find it so fun. I like the balance of having all of it. Like even when I was on tour in the States last time, but I was doing a theater on a Friday and then a stadium on a Saturday and I loved the juxtaposition of the two.


And I think being a performer, it no matter what you do in life, if you do the same thing all the time, eventually it's gonna get tiresome. Even if it's playing a stadium show the whole time. Which is obviously like a really, really amazing thing to do. Yeah. But it, I, when people, I talk to people about it and they ask about doing these popup shows to 20, 30 people, I'm like, you wouldn't eat a burger breakfast, lunch and dinner every single day? No you wouldn't. So it's nice having Little little mix up. We're switching up. I Love it. Yeah.


When it comes to beauty and fragrance, I am all about the fearless unapologetic vibes. And that is exactly what you get in Ys l's newest fragrance. Li Lnu Li Lnu is a citrus floral masterpiece alcohol free and completely liberating. It's a fragrance that makes a statement the moment you wear it. I love how it feels fresh light yet still bold. It is the perfect balance of feminine and daring and it's got this incredible staying power and leaves my skin feeling radiant and glowing. It really is the perfect balance of citrus and florals. It's so fresh and sexy.


If you are ready to experience something new, trust me. Daddy Yang lie nu a refreshing twist on the iconic Lieb Oda parum. I personally have this fragrance and I will say my favorite thing, although yes, I love my husband thinking I smell good. There is nothing better when women or your girlfriends compliment you. And every single time I have worn this fragrance, my girlfriends are like, no, what are you wearing? Give it to me right now. That smells so freaking good. And Matt is obsessed with it. I'm always looking for something that has a fresh citrus floral scent. But it needs to still be that perfect balance of not overpowering, but still bold.


And this has exactly that. So Daddy Gang, if you wanna try it out, shop now at Sephora. Okay. I wanna get your take on some very American things as a Brit. Okay. Rodeos. Yeah, I'm down. Okay. I like, do you know what I like is, is culture and I feel like a rodeo is, is culture. I like going to countries and feeling like that's what I, I lived in, I lived in Nashville for a couple of years. I lived in New York for a year. I've lived in LA like on and off and doing things that are so specifically American, if that makes sense. Like you go to, whenever I travel the world, I'll try and do things that feel cultural and I feel like going to a baseball game and having a hotdog field for me as a Brit, I'm like, this feels American.


I think like a rodeo is that for me, like get getting into the swing of that would be fun. Like I would love, I spoke to my promoter and I was like, do they do tours of rodeos? Because I'd love to just tour rodeos. Even if it's like for four weeks. Just do it. Okay. You living in Nashville at that time or any time? Have you ever considered doing a country album? I think there's, yeah, I guess so. But I, the, from living in Nashville, you can't just like dip your toe in. If I'm gonna do it, I have to do it and then that's it. I'm Do you have like a good twang? Like could you pull it off? I feel, because my heritage is, is sort of Anglo Irish and I grew up with trad music in my household.


I think it would have to be a little twinge of that. I think the ha I'd have to bring Irish trad music into country. 'cause it's all kind. It's the, it's the same instruments anyway. But yeah. So I wouldn't have a twang, but I've made, I've made country songs in the past. They've just never come out. I feel like I have to do, I, I have to do it properly, pro properly. And I think when you transition to country, you can't transition back. Once you're there, you're there. So Maybe you'll do it like your later A percent and Nashville's like my favorite city in, in the States and I would, yeah, it's always been like my end goal would be like, I'm gonna move to Nashville and transition to country. But I, yeah, I I think you just have to do it properly. It's like a, it's a genre you have to really respect and it's not just a dip in and out.


I get it. Yeah. Okay. The Super Bowl. I like it. Have you ever been asked to do the Super Bowl? There was a conversation about 10 years ago to go on with someone and I think that would be the only way that I would do it. At the moment, I don't think I've had this conversation before. I don't think English artists are like, I mean there are some that have the pizazz of Super Bowl, fireworks, dances, blah, blah blah. But me going up there and being like, here's the A team and here's per, I just like, no one wants to see that. Whereas if there was a show with a lot of that, like say like if it was Beyonce's show and she had all the kind of bells and whistles and then there was a moment where we sung perfect together. That makes sense to me.


But me, I don't know. I can't, I can't picture myself doing it. Can you picture me doing it? I, as you're talking, I'm trying to picture it. Yeah. What if, what if it's like a spotlight and For 15 minutes? No, you know, I would definitely go on and do it with, with someone I think. I think yeah, just to do the Super Bowl, but I don't think my set lends itself to that. I dunno, I just, you know, like you, you got horses for courses, you gotta do what like suits you And don't get it twisted. I really appreciate the self-awareness. Like most people would be like, call me whenever and put me in. You're like, you know, I don't know if I've got that side of the things where I'm like going out and outfit changes.


I think I could nail one song. I think I could, if someone brings me on, I think I could do it really well for one song. But I can't just, my, the, the catalog that I have doesn't really lend itself. Have you seen me play as well? 'cause it's with a loop pedal and you have to build the things. It doesn't really lend itself to the Super Bowl. Hey, hang on guys, I've just gotta set this up for two minutes. You know, it doesn't really, And also like you saying like, and I come out and I'm singing like 18, like everyone just starts sobbing in the audience and is like getting in their feels. And then They're, yeah, they're just go and get a beer. This is so comfy here. By The way, are you, isn't this cozy, so comfy? I wanted you to feel like you can really rec, like you could take off your shoes. You don't have to take off your shoes, but some people take off their shoes, Don. They're very clean. Okay. Don't take off your shoes, keep your shoes on.


Ranch dressing. I got really into ranch dressing when I lived in Nashville and then I got really fat. So I've kind of like eased off the ranch dressing a bit. I'm more of a like balsamic vinegar boy. Sorry. What? Yeah, a bell salmon, Balsamic vinegar. You never had that. Oh, Balsamic. Oh right. Yeah. No, no. I have this in restaurants where I say water and they're like, what? What Water? Water. Wait, say balsamic. Balsamic. Oh my god. I thought you said a, A balsamic. No, I thought you said a a bal sack. No, I thought you said a bal salmon then, right? Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So you're into your balsamic vinegarette?


Yeah. Oh, healthy legend. We, you know, we, we have a cider where I'm from in, in Suffolk that's like, it's like the number one cider in, in the UK and it's called Asals. And I was saying that to a friend and he was like, y'all have a cider cult ass balls. It Does, you never see it. It does sound like that. What is it? Yeah, As balls. It's like a, it's, well it's a, it's a side, it's like a, oh you guys, we call it hard cider. What is your favorite thing to eat when you're here? Chicken Wings. But the chicken wings are like the size of my fist. And when you see the chicken wings in England, they're like, you know, actual chicken wings, but they're quite like meager and you know, but here it's like it's, you're literally eating steroids Because they're pumping them with all that shit.


Yeah. And then we're like eating it and acting like nothing's Wrong. Yeah. It's make chicken Wings. Okay. The best American fast food chain in your opinion? Five guys I think everywhere around around the world. But I'd say when I'm in America, what a burger in Texas. I think that that burger bangs The most in terms of all the burgers that I've had. What, what a burger bangs. But if there's, it's an American fast food chain around the world, I'll, I'll usually go five guys or I fuck with KFC as well. Man. I really like KFC. Yeah, We have You had Inn out? Yes, I've had, I've had in, I do like inn out, but I feel like there needs to be a, a wide, wide lens view on a fast food restaurant.


And I don't think inn out chips bang. Sorry. They're fries. I don't think they bang. Whereas KKFC actually do the best fries. KFC fries. Bang. What? They bang. I've never had. You don't think so? I've never had their fries. Oh yeah. Yeah. I Need to go Fry. And I think this about Burger King as well because I've never really been keen on Burger King's burgers, but their fries are always good. Oh Their fries are so fucking good. But yeah, K ffc. KFC fries bucket. I actually made both kids the night before we stayed at my manager's house and both my children, the night before we had a big family bucket that was like our initial big family bucket and a bottle of dominus, you know, Dominus red wine from Napa. Yeah. Like really nice wine with a family bucket That is like so high low.


You're like eating KFC and then you're like drinking your nice wine. You're like, this is life. Okay, how do we feel about Disneyland? My kids like Disney. We went to Disneyland. They weren't like you. I, they just weren't fucking with it. And it was sort of like you, I wanted, I wanted to sort of see them go. Wow. But they were just sort of like, I don't know. Yeah, I think it's, there is no one that's like, that was fine. It's either like, or yeah, I'm getting married there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Which I think is great. I think it's great. I think like I find anything in life that has to be those extremities. That's what I feel about my music is I either have people that really hate me or really love me.


There's no kind of like passive, eh, it and I think that middle bit is what you have to avoid that like, eh, it's, it's all right. Like you have to be like fanatical about something or like, I don't like that thing. So you would rather someone be like, fuck Ed Sheeran rather than be like, he is all right. Yeah, that's been my entire career And that's how, that's how you have a fan base is people that people really ride for you or they really fucking wanna take you down. Why do you think people don't like you? I don't know. I think that sometimes over exposure goes into it. Like songs being on the radio too much. I think also I don't like necessarily fit the social norm of what a pop star should like look like or act like.


And I, I dunno if that like rubs people up the wrong way that, that I do look like their brother who works at a pizza shop. I feel like people are like, why? Like why has that happened? And maybe that annoys them. And then you pair that with the overexposure. And Has anyone ever in the beginning days of your career tried to convince you like, weight, let's dress like this and cut your hair like this and do this? Totally. Yeah. And I think you kind of, I've sort of like slipped into that as well. Especially like, because of the, the era that I came up in was, you know, Justin Bie was massive one direction were massive and I think there was always part of me that goes, should I sort look like that?


And What would that have looked like? What would we have done Ed? Well I just don't, I don't look like that as a, like you you, it's like dressing a mannequin that just doesn't need to be dressed like that, you know? So I feel like I always have to stay true to like who I am. And also my fan base from the beginning started out kind of misfit. Like me and my gigs were just full of people that, you know, it was like ripped jeans, baggy, you know, converse big shirts rather than we're getting glammed up to go out to the gig. It might like have segued into that now that the gigs are bigger and people have got, got older. But I found being a misfit, I attracted misfits. Yes, I do remember that. Like Tumblr era photos of you and those were cool.


Okay. I liked that side. But then I get what you're saying, like I couldn't have seen you in like a purple leather, get up with like a backward hat and like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's good that you stayed maybe When I'm, maybe the Super Bowl, maybe that's when I debut it. Oh my God, you're gonna come out at the Super Bowl, you're gonna have a full leather get up and then the year after you're gonna go right to country music and you're gonna wear a cowboy hat for the rest of your career. And actually leather trousers, you could reuse 'em on both because you being a, being a cowboy, you gotta have, have some leather there, you know? Do you own any leather trousers? Yes. Yeah. 'cause I dressed up as Edward Scissorhands for, I did a Christmas, I do a Christmas party every year with my best friends.


I'm dressed up as Edward Scissorhands, so I was like full leather. How did that go? I had to take off the jacket after about 10 minutes because I was like, I am hot. And bear in mind this is December in England when it's freezing and I was still roasting. Oh, interesting. Yeah, Leather, leather trousers aren't, I don't fuck with them. Okay. Can we talk about your home in England? You built a pub Yeah. In your garden? Yeah. Explain how, why, what was the inspiration? I think like there was a local pub that I would always go to and I still do go to it, but there's, you can never really let loose the way that you used to be able to.


As in my teenage years, you know, you go to a pub to blow off steam and I think it sort of turned into, everyone always knew that I went to this place. So I dunno, you could never really get to the point where you're actually like blowing off steam and proper drunk because you have to kind of keep an eye out on anything. You know, anything could happen. So there was a dilapidated barn on my land, so I was like, we could just turn it into a pub. So I, I bought an old pub off eBay, like the kind of the counter and the whatever fitted it off on eBay. It was on eBay? Yeah, it was on eBay. It was just an old pub that had sort of taken the sort of shelving and counter and stuff. And then I got all the plumbing worrying, I don't even know the pipes put in.


And it's sort of like, it's a room for memorabilia. I think Jerry was like eventually those, there was so much shit in the house that actually just having it all in one place. Like even just like meeting this football player and having a shirt sign and having it on the wall. Like it's better having it there than in the bedroom, you know? Absolutely. She's like, take all of your shit. It's all, it's all and put the mud. It's, it's basically I have, 'cause there's like a tunnel to it and in the tunnel there's like, I've built like a a, a listening room and there's a cinema and that's kind of my, I'd say it's less of like a man cave and more of a man CCOs. I love that for you Cherry's like go and be gone. Yeah. And like do your thing Because I collect movie props too, so I've got like all of that there.


What is your favorite movie prop that you have? I'm a huge hook fan. So I bought Robin Williams's Pan costume and Ruo Sword and then Julia Roberts's Tinkerbell costume. So probably those two. How Much above six figures, Fred? No, no, no, no. No one knows. No one knows. I have done on props before. Like I bought C3 po. That was not cheap. Do you regret it? No, I do it every birthday. I'll just buy one proper year and for my birthday it's like, it's like the thing that I look forward to. I think all year what am I gonna get? There's always a movie prop auction around that time and yeah, I choose one thing and Yeah. Is there anything out there that you're like, I've got my eye on this?


Yeah, 'cause the auction's coming up. I'm trying to get the George Clooney Batman costume 'cause everyone doesn't like the Batman and Robin film, but that was my first Batman film that I saw. So I have a real like draw to that movie. I bought the Alessia Silverstone Batwoman costume from that. So it would be like a matching We So are you going to these auctions? It's online. It's online. You're like an eBay guy, huh? Yeah, but I spend a lot of time in hotel rooms. My main, my main hobby outside of music is movies. That's like the, the only I do like, I do music and when I'm not doing music, 'cause I'm, it's shows and studio and I do that pretty much like 95% of the time when I'm not like doing home family stuff.


And then if I've got spare moments I watch movies. So it's, those are like my two passions. What are your top three movies? Goodfellas, cool Runnings and this, this would be like, I dunno if everyone would see this, but I've watched to watch it every single year. I think Love actually is a masterpiece every single year I watch that and every single year I'm not tired of it. And those three films I could watch anytime, any place Good fell. I'm reading Goodfellas again at the, the moment. That movie just, I can't ever tire of it. Cool. Runnings? I can't ever tire of It. I've never seen Cool Runnings. Oh cool. Runnings is, it's a phenomenal film. It, I'm really worth watching. It's kind of humorous, heartwarming. It's not like the Hollywood ending where I'm not gonna ruin it for you, but it's like, yeah, don't, I mean it's a really, really perfect movie Now I gotta watch it.


No spoilers. Okay, so we're going for the Batman costume. Yeah, I'm glad this isn't gonna come out within the next two weeks. Is it? Oh 'cause you wanna make sure you get it. I wanna Make sure I get it. Yeah. Can You give me a ballpark of how much you're willing to spend? I would go up to six figures for it. I think Ed, that's like history though. It's history, it's, it's like, you know, someone bought the red slippers, Dorothy's red slippers, but they spent like, I think they spent like 25 mil on them. Do You wish you had gotten those? I have never seen The Wizard of Oz. Yeah, it's on my list. But the, as soon as I had kids there were certain films that I was planning on seeing.


I was like, I'll just wait to watch them with my kids. But yeah, I've never never seen The Wizard of Oz. Yeah, get ready. It's, it's a great one. But look at you, you're like ashamed. I'm Kind of ashamed about it. It's, yeah, it's Okay. You're allowed to say it. Yeah, no one can come for you. You've, you are a movie person, you've been busy, you're watching other things that hasn't been top priority. Does your pub have a name? Yeah, it's called the Lancaster look. It's basically my mum's maiden name and my wife's mum's maiden name. 'cause they both, yeah, I think I wanted to sort of immortalize their maiden names. I feel like even more getting married and having daughters, it's sort of like I, I want to preserve, it's kind of weird like the old tradition of taking names away and having names there.


You know, our daughters have both of our last names and I sort of wanted to preserve my mom's maiden name and my wife's mom's maiden name in something that was permanent. That is the like for women around the world listening. Everyone seemed be like, yeah he's a really great guy because do you know how many men and their like toxic masculinity can't handle the concept of like, what do you mean you're not gonna take my last name? That's, or what do you mean you're not That's How I grew up though. Yeah, because that I, that's the only thing that I knew. Like my mom had my dad's name and you know, I come from a very large Irish Catholic family. Sheeran was the, the name and I think it wasn't until getting married and having daughters where your perception of it shifts.


You have, I think you have to like, you can't just be born and just believe things you have to kind of experience and be brought over. And now I very, very much believe that that should be the case that you, you should obviously keep both identities when you have children. Yeah. No I think that's beautiful. Sorry, I'm obsessed with this pub idea. Can you explain to me how many people, like are you throwing rages in this thing? Yeah. Yeah, but I think if you're throwing a rager it should be like five people. I think that's like, or like 12, five to 12 people is a really good night. I do, we built a chapel on our, on our land and we do like Christmas carols there and then after the Christmas carols, everyone comes in for like mold wine and mince pies and stuff.


That's like, we can hold 40 or 50 people but it's like a crammed space in that Wait you are not singing Christmas carols all year round. Just you're talking about or at Christmas? Yeah. Okay. I thought you were able say no every week we're doing Christmas or are you No, we do, I ca do you know it's, i, I know it sounds weird to like to sort of build an infrastructure on your property where you don't have to leave it, but I feel like so much that I want, there's certain moments you just wanna spend with your family and not have someone filming you while you're doing it. Especially like whether it's something like that at Christmas or whether it's memorial or there's just certain like intimate moments you wanna have like That.


I don't think it sounds weird at all. I actually, it's refreshing to hear you're like in a beautiful way. Not that you can't complain about it, but you're like, I'm just gonna take matters into my own hands and I now have the resources and the funds that I'm gonna like build this thing so that I can like go to my pub. Yeah. And I can go to the chapel but I, I let other people enjoy. Like my security guard got married in my chapel and that was like really lovely. Really, really lovely. That's so cute. So the chapel is like, it's there. Yeah, like sign up if you wanna get married, ed will let you come by. Which celebrity would you like to invite to the garden pub? I had a glimpse of what a night with Post Malone would be like with, we hung out in New York at Global Citizen Festival.


I actually bought him a, I found this company that do the huge vinyl dinosaurs that you get at zoos. You know the ones that like the size of buildings. Yeah. So I've sent him a T-Rex because we were sort of joking about it and he was just like, yeah, yeah send me one whenever I live here and and it's done and it's gonna arrive and he's gonna get this fucking huge T-Rex that is just gonna, and I've only met him once so he's just gonna be like what the fuck? But I feel like because I hung out with him for that amount of time and I can sense the kind of person he is, I think he's gonna appreciate it. But I think he would be the hang I'd want, I'd want a couple of days hang with him. No Post Malone is like one of those people that when you're in a room with him, even if you're in a room for with him for like a couple minutes, you're immediately like, I need 19 more hours with you.


This isn't enough. Yeah. He's a really sweet guy. Really Sweet guy. He's, he is. What is The most embarrassing thing you can recall of just like a drunken night, whether you're with your friends or you're out Or, I've never said this publicly but I'm gonna say it. I was playing a city in Europe, this is like 20 18, 20 19 and my best mate was out with his mom and his, his sister. And we sort of started drinking espresso, not espresso, what they called cafe patron. Oh yeah. And then I went to bed and I got up in the middle of the night to have a pee and I was sleeping naked and I walked out to have a pee and then I hear a door close and I open my eyes and I'm in the corridor naked no key, it's like 4:00 AM And I'm like, oh my God, what am I gonna do?


And I'm kind of looking around and as I look around it's like C-C-T-V-C-C-T-V and I'm like woo, this is not good. And there was like room se someone had had room service and I went to go and get the napkin and I put the napkin on, clicked the lift, went down to the lobby. Bear in mind it's like 4:00 AM there's like people working in the hotel. I just kind of walk with this thing and I was like, please can you lemme back in my room and please can you not tell anyone about this? And my security guard went to go and wipe all the C ct. Well he told me he wiped it. He might have, might have kept it for blackmail late later on down the line. But yeah Ed, I think that's The most embarrassing thing that I've ever done. What Was the reaction of the people standing at the front desk? It was very much sort of like you could see their eyes widen and be like, you are at me going please just don't ask and don't tell anyone.


Just the thought of also like you walking down and 4:00 AM those people are probably like, so not paying attention to what's going on. They're like half asleep. And then just like Ed Shern walks into the lobby naked Holding a napkin over. Yeah. Yeah. Did you wake up in the morning and like fully comprehend what you did? Yeah. Or you went, did you go back to bed easily? I Went back to bed. Yeah. 'cause I was like, nothing's gonna change the fact that that just happened, you know, I messaged my security guard and I was like, please can you wipe the footage? It's so real. But yeah, I'm sort of like, nothing's gonna change. And also like it's a very human mistake to Oh for Yeah to happen. For sure, for sure. So casual, everyone's done that, right? No, Everyone could do that though. True. Very true. Everyone could do that.


I definitely, I then bought pajamas and I started sleeping in pajamas. Every time you're on the road you're like, put something on my body. Just Die a bit. Well I don't, you know what, I'm sober at the moment. So that's definitely like helping the not doing stupid shit. How is that going? Good. I just, you know, I saw the schedule for this year of album release and I was like, 'cause I'm, I'm basically, I'm flying all around the world and then flying home and being dad as well and I'm like, I don't wanna, I don't want to then add on an extra layer of tiredness on that. So I'm just gonna not drink and be very focused and energized I Guess. That's amazing. I feel like that is a underrated thing that when you're going so hard with work that you think that you need like a drink at the end of the night to relax you.


But then I've been feeling it recently where I'm like, I just wake up feeling like fucking shit. Like there's a different way to relax. So I get I, I get in and I'll put on a movie and actually that sort of does the job 'cause you kind of relax into the movie and then by the end of it you can just go to sleep rather than being, 'cause I also find when you drink you don't never really have a proper sleep anyway 'cause there's so much sugar in your body. I Have the worst sleeps and even if you have like one drink, it still is affecting you. Okay, maybe. Maybe that's in my future. We'll See, I'm not gonna be sober for forever, but I've definitely changed my relationship with alcohol because I used to drink every single day. Every single day. Not like I'm not a spirits guy and I'm not really, I kind of do beer a little bit, but I'm more of like a wine guy at the end of the day.


But now I'm not doing that. Me and my wife do date night once a week and I feel like that'll be the time when I do start drinking to, we'll do a bottle of wine together that night rather than like every single night having to have something. I Love that for you. I do wanna know, what do you think is the biggest like misconception about you? I don't really know 'cause I feel like all the, all the misconceptions that are about me, people don't, they're people that don't know me.


So I think that there's lots of things flying about the, the internet. There's like rumors that also like really gather steam. 'cause I think that people want to believe them. There's all these things that like come out and unless I actually come out and go, these things didn't actually happen, people just run with it. 'cause I think they like, they, people love negative stories like that. And yeah, I think that there's just, I think being in the public eye, there's just always, always a lot of misconceptions about you. But I think unless someone actually knows me as a person, they can't pass judgment on who I am. Do you think you handle being in the public eye? Well I, this has been my life since I was 19.


So I think that the first five years, six years of my life, no I really didn't. And I really struggled with it relationships wise. Not just romantic, but just relationships in my life, friendships, family, ev everything. Like it just, everything shifted. And I know people go, you know, when someone becomes famous they changed, they this. But genuinely I didn't, for the first three years I was, I was exactly the same person and everyone around me changed just in their way of treating me or acting or talking or like leaking things or doing this or doing this and then, and then you start changing and you become a paranoid fucker and then it all starts sort of like shifting. So I think at the beginning it's that transitional period where you're just trying to work out how who you are and whether I am my stage name and that's me the whole time and I'm pop star and I'm, I'm this or whether there's like two human beings and I can be, you know, a son to my mom without having to be a pop star or like a husband without having to be a pop star.


And then sort of like separating the two. And I think over the last, since Covid really being at home and separating the two and knowing that it's quite, it's a really, really fun job to dip into. You know, it's really fun. It's really fun to be a pop star for the night and go to the Grammys and sort of be like, wow, look at everyone. But then it's important to be able to go home and be like a regular human being. And I think that's why I don't live in Los Angeles 'cause I don't think I'd ever switch off. I think I'd always just be pop star. I Think that makes sense. I think it's healthy for you to have like a good balance. Like you're talking about being like I can go work nine to three and then I go home and I'm like with my daughters and my wife.


Yeah. And I'm having like a pretty normal life and then I'm going to the pub in my backyard and then we're going to the lake and then we're going to the chapel and it was a full day and it was like, there you go. Yeah. But I think you have to create that world for yourself because you're right. If you do just keep working then you are just like Ed Sheeran where people are thinking you're just like this pop star and you're mega famous and you're so rich. And then it gets to people's heads and it's like you need to have some semblance of normalcy. And honestly, cherry is the biggest grounding force. Like anytime that anything is a little bit like, a little bit too Hollywood, she's like, bro, come on. It's, and it's really, and especially because I grew up with her, there's, there's always just a, a lens of Suffolk over it of just like, come on man.


Like I tried to build a bowling alley in our, in our backyard and she was just like, come on man, you, you don't need that. She's like, the chapel and the pub are enough. Are you good at bowling? Not really. Do you like bowling? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Everyone likes bowling. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Are You, I think I'll become good at bowling. I think as long as it's not on the property. I think she's, she's FI think she just wants to, she doesn't want our kids growing up and it being like, you know, the Richie Rich house worth, there's literally McDonald's in the, have you seen Richie Rich? Yes. But like so long ago. No classic Mac McCulley Culkin. You should do something with like movies. I didn't realize you were this into movies.


I mean I've got a Letterboxed. What? No one knows. I have a letterbox but I do have a Letterboxed. Wait, explain. Well I just review movies online for myself just to log them just to see what I've, I've watched. I have no followers on it. Like it's literally I've just logged the films that I watch Ed Wait what? No one reads it though. It is just for me to like log it. Wait, why wouldn't you let it be public? It Is Public but no one knows it's you. What's your username I guess? Well I guess they'll find out now. I think it's more fun for people, for people to find it. I've people I watched Gladiator two and there's a character in it who's like the really crazy emperor that has syphilis.


Oh my god. Yes. Apparently based on me. So that is my profile picture. Is that, is that emperor We what? I saw an interview with him where he is like Ridley Scott based his character on me. I dunno if I'm offenders, you know or very complimented. Thank you very much. Really? Where was my call? Because as a movie goer you're like oh my God, like they're basing something on me. But then that character is Like character was pretty, yeah, obscene if Kind of fucking crazy. Okay. Wait, would your username, would we be able to find you? Yeah. What is it like Ed Sheeran? No it's like, it's similar to my Instagram. It's like Teddy I think. Or maybe it's Ted's, it's Ted or Teddy something.


Oh I'm going to look it up. Yeah, start Googling. What is something in embarrassing that you used to care about? Like growing up when you were younger or in your like early teens that you don't really care about anymore? I think it would be like the older that I've got in the music industry, I think that at the first like five years of my career everything worked and went well and then the first like song that didn't work or like flopped I you, that was like a real like learning curve for me. And I think the older I get the more I'm like those moments are gonna happen but it's about the kind of overall catalog that you are building.


And I think my rule has just always been make music that I can stand behind. Sometimes it'll work and sometimes it won't. But as long as I like it, that's kind of all that matters. And yeah, I think I used to be quite embarrassed about that when I was like 24, 25. 'cause obviously like it's never fun putting a load of work into something that, and then you put it out there on the line and you're like, this has to work. And then when it doesn't, I think at the time there was like a transitional period of me sort of living with that. And now I think that I, it's kind of like what I'm saying about like these popups and stuff like that. Like my rule for everything now is I just have to really enjoy it and then the success or not success kind of comes secondary to that.


I think that's beautiful because I feel like also as a creative you have to know that sometimes you don't need extreme success to enjoy what you're doing because sometimes as long as you actually really believed in it, well That's the whole point. That's why we get into it isn't it? That's the whole, that's the whole point of it. And I think that also it's about like realistic expectations. I think that my second and third record and first to a point, but second and third record was so big that it's, you know, aiming for that every single time is just not realistic. And they both happened kind of by accident. It just clicked. And so it's just something will click, something won't click, something will click.


Like there, there's so many songs in my career that I didn't expect to do well that ended up becoming massive over time. That it's again, just make shit you like put it out. You have to give it the best opportunity as well. You have to work every single song the same as you worked all the other songs and trying to talk, the rest follows. What is the song that surprised you The most that popped off that you were like, what the actual fuck? I put out a song called Afterglow that charted at like 92 and it was the first time anything that I'd put out within that, that 10 year period had charted outside the top 10. And I remember being like, Oh, Oh my God. And then over time it climbed to number two and ended up having, it's almost like half a billion streams now.


But it's such a like, it's such a learning curve of just like sometimes you just gotta let things sit and then they find their audience and I close my set with that now it's like a really important song within my set list. But I remember that week being like, Oh my god, Why? Because, did you not love it as much when you picked up? No, I loved it. It's just like going when I just saw it go in at 92 I was like, oh Maybe I'm wrong. That's a nice feeling though, right? Yeah, definitely. Let's talk about your tattoos. Do you have any, like what do you think of all of your tattoos? What has the best story behind it for you? They've all got stories really. I think my left arm is my first five years of my career and my right arm is kind of the next five years.


And then I got my chest and back done and my back is kind of The most recent one. I like my, I got my kids' footprints like the week that they were born. So I quite, I quite like that 'cause they're tiny and obviously they're a lot bigger now. My legs have actually started being my kids' drawing book. So my daughter's just done a little bunny rabbit for my leg and you can put like the date of it. It's quite nice seeing it. Wait, does she come up to you and be like, dad get this as a tattoo? Or are you like going and looking at their drawings and be like genius and Going sort of that? Yeah, sort of that now she's like, she'll draw something and be like, get it as a tattoo. But yeah, I think I'm gonna get one each for each of them every year. Is there ever a tattoo you've wanted to remove?


I think if I was to remove one, I'd remove all of them. I think that, I kind of believe that about tattoos is you're either a tattoo person or you're not. And I, yeah, I think if I was gonna remove, I'd go completely nothing or, 'cause I kind of see it as one tattoo. It's like one long story. Story. Yeah. Beautiful. Okay. You and Taylor Swift have been friends for decades. I'm a big swifty. What has been your favorite memory together? That's a good one. Do you know what I, I have this, I was in these court cases for like two years, well there, I mean a lot longer than two years, but there was one each year and I had to go through all my old devices to give them like, you know, voice notes and blah blah blah for the lawyers to have and going through all my old texts with people that I've known for that for that long.


It was really like nostalgic going through. And I think that the period of time that I was on the red tour would've been, you know, I lived in Nashville and she lived in Nashville and we used to fly to and from the gigs together and do all sort sort of, I dunno, I literally spent almost every single day with her for about six months. So I think that period of time and I do, you know, I see her, when I see her, I probably see her like four times a year. And we do what, what I said like instead of catching up the whole time we have like proper sit down, six hour catch ups. And I think that that's like a really nice way to, to do it. But I think that period, yeah, 2013 It's beautiful. Okay. Which of your love songs is your wife's favorite?


Oh, it's actually track 13. It's the last track on this new record and it wasn't, it was meant to be a 1212 track album and there was this song that from the beginning of writing it, she was obsessed with and she kept being like, is it on their album? Is it on the album? And I, I was just like, I played it to lots of people and it didn't have the same reaction as as everything else. And in the end I just gifted it to her and I just went, I'm just gonna put this on just for you and you can, you can name it what you wanna name it and like, yeah so, so that I think is her favorite. And yeah, it just exists because of her basically. Wait, that's so sweet. Yeah. Wow. That's so nice to just be like, yeah, I told my husband to put it on. So it's just, for me It came from, I spent a bit of time working with Bono from from U2 and he gifted the song called the, you know, the sweetest thing.


Oh, oh, the Sweetest Thing. He gifted that to his wife. He missed, I think he forgot her birthday and then he wrote a song for her and then just said, you can just have this song and like all the proceeds go to like a charity of her choice and stuff. And so I had heard that story hanging out with him and his wife and I came home and told Cherry that and yeah, I think they kind of was born out of that. That Is beautiful. You have obviously written so many songs for huge artists. Is there any song that you wish you had kept for yourself? No, because I think that they all have their own space and stories and I do honestly believe that like a song like Little Things for One Direction does not exist in the same way.


If I sing it that that they sing it. I think it came at like a pivotal point of their career and was what it was. And I think same thing for like, I dunno, love Yourself with Justin. I think it came at, it came after. What do you mean, sorry? And it was like stripped back and the perfect point. I don't think if I'd have sung it, it'd be the same and East Side with Pauls and Clea, it was like Benny's first single. I think if I'd have released that, that wouldn't have been, yeah, I think they all, they all hold their own space I guess. And if I'd have done it, maybe I wouldn't have done it properly. Yeah, yeah. Is there any song of yours that you are secretly sick of playing? No, honestly, no.


And I think that it goes back to what I was saying of like, you have to be able to stand behind it. I think if you, if you compromise yourself in music to like do a certain thing, like reach a certain fan base or like whatever, and you can't stand behind it, if it, if it doesn't work, then you've kind of failed in your mission because you've made it to work. And if it works then you have to play it for the rest of time. So I'm very, very careful that everything that I make, I have, I have to be confident enough to sing it for forever. And also if, even if you've sung a song 2000 times, it's always different every time you play it with the, the crowds. So, so yeah, I'm not really sick of playing anything really. Okay, Let's break down some of your lyrics.


Okay. I'm gonna give you a lyric and you're gonna tell me the meaning behind it or any story. Okay. He's got his eyebrows plucked and his asshole bleached. What are you referring to, ed? Oh my god. Yeah, I do you know what, that's a song called New Man and I actually haven't heard those though. I haven't sung that song in years. It's basically, I don't know, it was a 27 year old's take on that, you know, like being, being the ex-boyfriend and sort of, I don't know, I think it's beautiful.


Yeah, I wrote that with Jesse Ware actually. We, we, we had a lot of fun writing those lyrics 'cause it was all just kinda like throwing out stuff that we all thought was a bit like funny. Have you ever had an ex call you out for writing a song about them? Of course. Yeah, of course. But I'm a songwriter. Like I, I always say like, and I, and I've dated songwriters in, in the past as well. And it's kind of one of those things that I've gotta be able to take it as well as write it. And I think that, you know, it's the good and good and bad and, and and also like writing songs is, it is the two extremes. It's the same thing. You can't write a song about a feeling that's like, yeah, my day was all right today. And I kind of write about it either is like, I am The most in love that I've ever been or I am the, you know, most hurt, blah.


It's like two extremes and those, those are the things that come out. And also those are the things that connect with people. So, you know, you can listen to an artist's songs and be and be like, well they only really, they're either like, they either love someone really much, they either hate someone, but those are the times that you write songs that actually feel something. Yeah. You know, so, so yeah, I've definitely had, I wouldn't even say arguments, conversations and I think that because I've been a songwriter since I was 11, that anyone that I've been romantically involved with at, at least knows that you take the good with. But because you're gonna like there, they, there will be both sides. You will, you will get both sides, you know. Would you often, back in the day, would you just like press upload or were you ever giving people a heads up it was Coming?


Yeah, I've always given people heads up unless I haven't been in touch with 'em anymore. I mean obviously there's like breakups of people you just don't speak to anymore. Yeah. But yeah, there's, yeah, I feel like I have a good enough relationship with my exes that yeah You could be like, Hey, a banger's coming get ready. This one slaps. You wanna hear it? They're like, fuck you. Yeah. Fucking hell. Well Okay, they say, I'm up and coming. Like I'm fucking in an elevator. I wrote that when I was 15. I was really proud of that line. It's pretty good. Thank You. It's pretty good. What headspace do you think you were in when you wrote that?


I loved rap battles. I loved rap battles. So I would, there was, I would be watching like I online, there was a couple of like leagues in the UK that was jump off and, and don't flop. And those were the two that I would like watch as a teenager. And it was all about metaphors and similes and just saying clever shit line after line and punchlines and stuff. So I would, that was, I was in a phase of writing songs where I was just trying to fit in punchlines and when I wrote that it went down so well at gigs from the age of 15 as well. Everyone's just like, oh that song that it just kind of stayed in. It's quite weird actually singing that song as a 34-year-old. Hmm. Having written it at 15 'cause you're singing it and like, this is so different to how I am now.


Even like I have lines, I'm like, I spit fast and I know that all my shit's cool. I will blast and I never went to Brit school and like I'm singing it as a 34 year, 4-year-old dad now on stage. Like yeah, I just dunno if I believe this anyway. You, You're like, oh yeah, 15-year-old me. I've really Grown. People love it though. People love it, you know, Like I, but I feel like that's what's fun though, is that you still will play those type, you know what I mean? Oh yeah. Like I think, I love the fact that I closed my show with a song that I wrote when I was 15. It's like it there, it's like a kind of really nice full circle moment. 'cause I used to play that song to no one because now you close a stadium with it still. It's the same song, same setup, everything. It's pretty Amazing. Yeah, It's fun.


Okay, za, I want to get lost in your ocean and drown. This obviously is a lyric from your new single. What are you talking about, ed? I think with that song it was, it kind of just all felt really, really fun and immersive. I think that's where the ocean thing came from is just like immersing yourself in the night. That line definitely had some people in my circle being like, do you really need to say drown? I don't know. It, it sounds, it sounded good. Sometimes that's all that counts in the studio is, does it sound good? And what does Aziza mean? Aziza is Farsi and it means my dear or my love.


The guy that I made the tune with Ilya is Persian. And we were literally in the studio, we were just trying different things and he was like, would you ever do something Persian influenced? And he just sort of led me on this journey. We've, I got like footage of the moment where he's like, I'm like, what's like my love in Farsi? And he's like, oh, as he am. And I was like, that's a fucking cool word. And you kind of like it, it really like, it's a, it's a really fun song. It, well it's funny because when I was listening to it, it's awesome, but I like hear it the way that you sing it. Yeah. Of like, well I'm not even gonna fucking try, but like how you kind of leave like a pause where you like Aziza. Yeah. Okay. Okay, moving on. That was embarrassing.


Did you like the songs? They're amazing. They're so good. Okay, thank you. Can we talk about your wife though? You guys met in high school? Yep. And then you didn't start dating until much later. How did you reconnect? I started employing like, my best mate on tour, so I kind of, I went through periods of time on tour, like I'm a solo artist and I don't have a band, so, and I'm very much like, I would just tour on my, I would obviously like, I have a crew, but my crew were like 50-year-old blokes, so there's only so much bonding you can do, I think. And I got intensely lonely and burnt out and yeah, I remember I spoke to my mate, she's, she grew up opposite me, Lauren.


And she was, she'd just left university. She'd now like works in tour management on my tour and stuff and just been doing it for 10, 10 years. But she was very much, I guess worried about me and just came on tour, started working on tour and then we were in New York and her sister was living with Cherry and I had had, you know, moments with Cherry when, when we were younger and I guess like we just kind of reconnected and picked up where, where we left off I guess. And it, it was one of those things where I wasn't really expecting it to happen. I'd kind of just got out of a relationship. I was on tour for God knows how long and it just felt really, I was sort of like, unless I do this it, I, I will always regret it.


So I just sort of jumped in and yeah. Best decision. I think I've made. You have two daughters. How has your life changed since becoming a father? Very dramatically actually. Very dramatically. I think just, I mean even just not being a fucking maniac with drinking drugs or smoking or, you know, I exercise now, never exercised before. I'd get up in the morning rather, I used to sleep till like 4:00 PM Like I'm, it's really has changed dramatically and just in the way that I'm home more and my work schedule is based around them rather than based around me. That's Incredible. Yeah. Do you sing to them? Like do they understand?


Of Course. Yeah, of course. It's usually Moana. Like it's usually just me singing Moana. Yeah, they like, I have a song on the album called Sapphire that they love. So it's either Moana or Sapphire Moana by the way. Top fucking tier Disney music. Oh, top tier. Absolutely. Do you just like walk around the house and sing that to them? Yeah, all all the songs actually. And Moana too. Actually when I went to go and see it, I wasn't like straight away enamored with the songs. And now those songs are my favorite songs too. Like which One is your favorite? Put me on the spot here. Probably The Chi Who Song? Yeah. What does that sound like? Can I get a, can I get a Chi? Who, that One who where you who where you're gonna be gonna make some, gonna make some Hair Story. Come Ona Moana.


Go get your desk mate. My children fucking love it. Oh, that's Good Ed. Yeah, and they've got the, we went to go and see Mufasa and they loved the brother song. Oh, coincidentally, same writer as Moana won. So yeah. Really it's all limb. Manuel Miranda, You're gonna be singing it up. Your kids are in heaven over there. Yeah, they're lucky. That's nice to have. Right now we have a single out. Is there more coming?


Yep. I have a, my, my idea was because the album is so broad, I didn't want to just be like, here's the single, here's the album. So they're kind of, there's music coming every sort of like two, three weeks. So there's Aziza now there's a song called Old Phone that comes out in a couple of weeks. And then after that there's another song that come, we shot all these videos and I, I, I'm less about like single moments and more about, I want people to sort of feel the breadth of the record and I'm very confident that one of the songs will work, but it's more about just putting them out and letting people hear some of the record before it's out rather than what I've done before is just like, here's my first single, here's the album.


And yeah. How is this music different than everything you've put out before? Or is it, Yeah, it's definitely different. I think I've been more explorative with this, with this album. I've kind of had a, an attitude of why the fuck not like, and not really felt like I have to be in a box of being a singer songwriter of like, I have to do this or I have to do that. And I, I lived in India for a little bit and worked with a load of Indian musicians and producers and blah blah blah. Obviously I made a song like Aziza with Ilya who's Persian and that's in that world and old phone I think is more in a Nashville country world. And there's just lots of different moments on the record and the, the record is called play and therefore it has to be playful, it has to be celebratory.


I released two albums that are kind of un well one, one was the sort of main album and one sort of came off the back of it. But they were both very like very depressing about quite hard hitting subjects, very muted. I, I still think they're beautiful records but I feel like coming out of the that of having, you know, going through grief and all of that sort of stuff coming out, I needed to have something that felt bright and colorful and playful. And that's where doing St Patrick's Day playing at Tootsies in Nashville doing the New Orleans thing, the whole record just has to feel like fun and exciting. How Do you avoid writer's block? I think you just write all the time. I think you have to, I think writer's block is actually fear of being shit rather than, 'cause I think everyone can write.


You have to just sit down and and write, but you have to accept that sometimes it's shit and it's not good enough. And I think that I just write and write and write. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's great and sometimes it'll be a song that you, you keep. And I think if you do that year in, year out, you're left at the end of the year with like 10, 11 songs that are really great and then you can actually start forming an album. It's really interesting to hear you talk about like the way that you're approaching projects, albums essentially, but there are projects in your brain of like, this one was like more intense so now this needs to feel more fun. Yeah. And like I can feel that energy from you. Okay Ed, last question. What do you want your legacy in music to be?


I would love for it to seem possible to any kid out there that just wants to pick up an acoustic guitar. I think that the, the thing, I think the thing that's jarring about me to people is also the thing that creates hope. Because I am a regular dude who picked up an acoustic guitar who's not from a major city who made it happen by going out there. And I would love for all kids to go fuck, I could probably do that too rather than feel like it's an impossible thing. 'cause it's really not. It's really not. I think that it's, I couldn't sing when there's footage of me online. Where have you seen it? Where I'm No, but now I'm gonna Google it.


Well I can't sing. Well I mean we could play, we could play it now. Wait, You can't see it. You couldn't ing We play it's Got Pull it up If you type in Ed Sheeran Addicted It's me when I'm 14 singing, but then it it's that bad. It's bad. But then I like practiced and became You can actually just find the, the the clip, the song on online. Yeah. Someone leaked all my old eps, which I guess shows progress. Listen to it. You can fast forward it a little bit. I've got an intro 'cause I love, I love an intro. Oh shit, Here we go. It's all right. You wait.


You sound like little baby ed. Wait, that's cute. Yeah, but it's not like, it's not professional standard is it? Oh No, that's what I'm saying. We, we, we can turn it off now. But I'm saying like I didn't know, I didn't know how to sing in tune and then I taught myself how to sing in tune by practicing. So I honestly, when I go into talks at like music schools and to kids and stuff, I always play that and go because everyone just assumes that you're born and you're jet. You just got it and it, you can teach yourself. I taught my, well I didn't teach myself how to play guitar, but I learned how to play guitar. I learned how to perform. I learned how to perform in front of lots of different crowds. I learned how to song write. I learned how to sing. And I'd love my legacy to be any kid anywhere, literally anywhere goes.


I can do that too because I think that that's like music's music is a thing that it's also for kids that aren't good at other things who don't have a lot of self-worth or self-confidence. If they start music in any form in in poetry or singing or instruments or even like work in a studio or whatever, it gives you so much like worth and confidence in yourself as a human being. And I think that in school there's so much like importance put on, you must be good at this subject and you must be good at this subject to actually be a good human being and to go out in the world and achieve. And I, I just wasn't good at anything as a kid and I didn't have a lot of self-worth because of that. And I felt like I was stupid and music was, I was only good at music and that became my career.


And I think when I go into schools and stuff and talk to people, I'm like, you only need one thing that you're good at. And then that is you for life. You find one thing, you work really hard at it then that is your career. And I think that that I would love for my legacy to be. I think that is so beautiful and I appreciate you bringing up the concept of like kids looking at celebrities and musicians and actors and anyone in the arts. Like it seems like this far away concept. Mm. And you have made it feel like achievable in a way that can be actually like everyday motivating for a person being like, I'm one step away from my gorgeous cover going on YouTube and sounding like Ed and then look where you are, but Then not and but then not being embarrassed about that phase of your life.


'cause another thing that I've found in my career is I've learned everything from my failures and nothing from my success. It's not like I've was on stage at Wembley Stadium being like, I'm learning a lot from this. I learned everything on the way to there. And I think that what that shows is actually failing at something is good. 'cause then I learned how to sing after then. And there's so much like importance nowadays on just even on social media about like succeeding and showing you're doing well and like not being in but like the embarrassment of something failing or flopping when actually all of those things, every single artist in the world has played to two people in a room and sucked every single. And that is a really important stepping stone.


And everyone has written songs that have released that other people didn't like. That's an important stepping stone. It's all about like learning from failures rather than just always your career just can't do this the whole time. You can't just get bigger and bigger and bigger, better and better. Everything works 'cause that's just not real life. It's about like picking yourself up after the failures and trying again rather than giving up. I again always say I sorry to bang on about education stuff. But I think with, with anything, it's important that when you have that thing that you love, that you want to do, don't give yourself a plan B. 'cause if you have a plan B and it gets really difficult and starts failing, you always revert to the plan B. And if you have plan A at all points, you go, this has to work.


And even at the points where you fail, like I've done really terrible shows where it, it's, there was a show that I did in Exeter where it was like, I think like 60 quid to get down there on a train. But I had a rucksack full of back CDs and I was like, do you know what if I sell seven CDs, I've made my money back and a tenor so all I need to do is sell seven CDs at this gig. And I got to the gig, no one turned up, I waited too long to see if people had turned up and then I missed my train home and had to sleep at the train station. And in that moment it was like 18, 19, I was like, why am I doing this? Like all my friends have just gone to university. Some of them have gone out to get jobs, they're actually like on their path and I feel like I'm not achieving anything.


And in that moment my head just went, but this is the only thing you can do, so just keep doing it and hope it will work. And I think that in that moment had I had a plan BI would've gone cool, I'll just, I'll go and do, I'll go and do that now. You must find that though. I mean you are hugely successful. You must have just been like, this is gonna work. I Well I, yes. And I relate a lot to that of not having a plan B and then people, whether it was like making fun of you for it or you feeling like why am I not doing a traditional, like I remember being in college and all the girls were taking courses that were like finance Yeah. And all that. And I was like in the film school and everyone was like, where is that gonna get you?


And a lot of times I was like, I don't know. But those feelings, it it, you know in you what you actually love that and it, The people making fun of you as well. I feel because that is a huge thing. It's like, it's, it's so easy for other people to like make fun of someone for taking a risk and and doing something. And I, I actually think it comes from like an internal thing of when they say what's she doing? She can't do that. It's actually 'cause in their own head they can't do it and they haven't got the thing that goes, you know, fuck it, I'm just gonna do this. Fuck what other people think. And it's, it's like almost a taking the piss out of you for even dreaming about it. 'cause why the fuck would you dream about being successful?


Like just do do your plan BI think it's like almost a scary thing sometimes for that. And I got mate, I had none of my mates, even my best friends now, none of them really came to the first gig as I did. It wasn't until it started like catching steam that suddenly people were like, I'm not saying like all my mates, but a large amount of my mates who are now my best friends and have, you know, have been since since school. I had my, one of my best friends who literally like, you know, godfather of one of my kids when I was a teenager rung me up pretending to be Zain Low and was like Za Zain Low worked on Radio one at the time and had this thing called hottest record in the world where he would like debut a new record of an unsigned artist.


And he rung me up pretending to be Zain Low. And then all of, you know, he had all his, my other mates on the phone and they were all laughing down the phone and I was like, you know, stuff like that Ed, that is traumatizing. I was Crying. And then four years later, guess what? I'm the hottest record in the world on Zane Low. That's so, so crazy. You can never let them forget. I'm like, I Yeah. Evil fuckers never came to my shows in the beginning. Fuck you. I don't, I mean one my mate Zach real one Zach always came to the shows. Zach, There's always one. And Nick, Shout out Nick. No I, that is such a beautiful message to leave this on.


'cause I can imagine there's so many people watching this right now that are either like gonna quit the job 'cause they're not making enough and they hate it and they're like, I, okay, I'm just gonna like not pursue it anymore and I'll just go do what like my parents had wanted me to do. Or there's someone that is like doing something in this moment that people are making fun of them for or they feel let down and they feel like there's no way to actually get to what they want. This is like, I think it Go, it all comes down to, it all comes down to enjoyment though. Because I think if you're still enjoying what you do 'cause it, even though I did that Exeter gig and no one turned up for it, I was still playing music that night rather than doing something I didn't want to Yeah. Want to do. So I think there will come difficult times in everyone's careers, but as long as you love what you do, you've always got that at the end of the day.


But I'd say if you're in a job that you don't love, like try and find something that you love, you Know? Yeah. Go for, go for your passion and make it your job if you can. Ed, this has been so fun. I wish I could talk to you for like 10 more hours because I feel like we could do one, an entire podcast and just movies in general. We could do it again. I know we could do it again. Maybe I'll see you again. I would love to do a movie one. Great, Great. I would sit here with you and geek out over a movie. 'cause I'm a movie girl too. Like I'm full movies. Have you seen the Florida Project? Yes. Just literally just watched that the other night. Oh my God. Blew my fucking life. Did You see an Nora? Of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I hadn't really heard of Sean Baker before then. So then I went back and did like Tangerine and the Florid project and, but Florida Project, like I haven't cried like that at a movie for just at the end with the little girl.


I was just like, No, he's so fucking talented. Thank you for taking the time. Thank you. I know you're running on like two hours of sleep and you were fucking great. So thank you. Thank you, thank you.


Thanks to Lieb by Eve St. Laurent for sponsoring today's episode. Make a statement with Lieb Lnu, the fragrance that sets you apart. Shop now at Sephora.