
You just upside down. You were actually drinking last night. I Was so having the, I was literally having The most fun in my life last night. Have you not learned anything about podcasting yet? Pull up your fucking mic. Where's your mic? We're having a little, okay Guys, I'm doing something really fucking stupid right now. We have an emergency debrief situation. Hi, this is Holly From the Streets of New York guys. I had every intention of staying last Night. What are we talking about? I don't know.


I got sent a bunch of notes and I didn't read a single thing. Welcome back to Extra Dirty. Hello everyone. No, You're gonna do an intro for this. I'm gonna be like the tail end 'cause No, what? You wanna Just, you intro it? I am. I don't wanna drive this ship just yet. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I got you. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's Still in training wheels. I'm still drunk. Welcome back to Extra Dirty. My name is Halle Batchelder and I had such a good time last night. I was thriving last night. You were living your best life with those bangs. Who? Who? Bouncing around. Okay. Let's tell them what we did last night. Okay. What did we do last week? So we went to a absolute rager.


No, it was fun. It was fun. I got there so early. One thing about me is I will be prompt. No. The best part of the night you guys is, are fell. I'm standing at the DJ booth and all of a sudden I turn around in Graydon's. Eight foot body is literally laid off, laid off behind the DJ booth. And it wasn't like you on the ground, Graydon. He's in the other room being like, oh my God, help me. He was having a good time down there. No, He was having a ball. I kept falling into like the crevice of the table. Behind the table into the corner. Oh Lord Help you. I saw you. You lost it a couple times. I had to grab you by the nipple to pull you back up from your Nipple. No, I was trying to make a point to like not get that drunk last night.


Because I feel like every time you see me, I'm in the worst shape ever. And Matt's like Matt said to me before I left last night, he's like, you can go home if you want to. Your eyes are crossing. And I was like, fuck I, I Failed. I didn't see your eyes crossed as much, but that could be 'cause I was sitting next to you like this. So I was never making direct eye contact with you. I was just like looking at the side of your head. So I didn't really see your eyes. No, you were busy. Wait, Should we talk about the T of me literally talking to Remy about the guy that's dating an influencer that lied to everyone and said he fucked me. Wait. Yeah, we, I forgot what, like we say things to each other when we're drunk and I, you never know what I'm talking about. I never know what you're talking about. We just kinda like not at each other. You're always like, okay, Remy hooked, hooked up with this person. And before she hooked up with him, she was like, he was like saying that he fucked me.


I have my list right here. Let me show you the men. I fucked. Oh my God. My list looks like a phone book. Where's my phone? Wait, I would love to see your list. Show me your list. Okay. Why? Is it in your email? No, Look at this cute little list. Wait, you gonna cry? And guess who's not on there? Her fucking boyfriend. Wait, that's way smaller than I thought. Okay. Anyways. You guys look At this list. Damn. No, No, no. It's a definitely a football team with people on the bench. Do you Rate them by the first time you had it? No, I just, or do you rate them by the good to The bad? No, just in order. Just in Order. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Same. Look at this, I banged a whole family of people.


Oh my God. Oh god. They hold the same last name And one more twins. Yeah. Anyways. Yeah. So that was funny. Remy and I were laughing about that because I was like, I think that's maybe one of The most freaky freak Behaviors. Have, did you have any interaction with this man? Or you talking? I took a fan photo with him at Montauk when I was at the surf lodge. I'm in the Hamptons a couple years ago. If any of the daddy gangs listening to this, this is when I got kicked out of Rush Meyers and almost got kicked outta Surf Lodge. What did you do? I go to Surf Lodge and there's a guy that comes up to me and like, he's cute, you know, and no, he's Hard, but he's short King. Yeah, Yeah. Short King. And so he comes up to me, he's like, Alex, like I'm such a big fan. Can I take a selfie with you? What's his fucking last name? I wanna show you this.


And I was like, yeah, for sure. Let's say he was like, Daddy Gang. Yeah, Daddy Gang. And I was like, oh my God, I love like a guy that sat again with a penis. So then fast forward, I never think of anything again. And then he told Remy that we had sex. I think that's The most disgusting thing for a man to lie about having sex with a woman. Freak. Sorry, I'm on one this morning. No, no, no, No. Look at the photo. Look at The photo. Oh my God. The bleach blonde. Silver tone. Halle is obsessed with my eras of blonde hair. No, It needs to be studied. To Be fair, it used to be very silver, but I feel like it got me through a lot. It's probably how you feel about like filler. I just Like love the needle feeling.


Not in my arms. But you do. You do? Yeah. I couldn't get my ears pierced till I was like, I could see that. I could see you being like a little like bitch dealer Swift band. I don't wanna get my ears pierced, but I need to like What else happened last night? Listen to me. You did the classic thing that is the best thing in the world where Halle had the entire fucking club and the fucking bouncers looking for her phone. And I grab onto her and I literally am holding on clutching onto her purse as I'm like yelling at her. And I'm like, open your fucking purse right now. Wait, Remy did that too? No, no. And also Jordan hid my phone. No, in my purse. She was being nice, but like she put it in there.


I didn't know. No Maria left Last night. I have dementia. No. What? Okay, what else is Graydon? What else happened last night? Den goes by flag. You Talked about this billionaire date that you and Oh yeah. Wait, I kept trying to tell you about this last night. Wait. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you were like, what are you saying? Like you like you couldn't hear me, but you heard Because you told me that this billionaire somehow knew Me. He said that back in the day that you guys were like at a Halloween party and like, what's his face? Wanted to like set you up with this guy that I wanna a date with last week. What was I wearing? What? No, I feel like everyone knows like what, what?


You'd remember all your Halloween costumes. Like was I Snow White? Was it, wait, I've never been to Snow White. No. Wait, no. Was I Little Red Riding Hood? No. Like it was Halloween. You were definitely serving face. Yeah. But then someone was like, wait, she def she talks about like all the guys she's hooked up with online and he's telling me this story as I'm on this date with him. I was like, wow, we would do that. It's so crazy. I was like, fuck. I know, but like it's safer with the older guys 'cause they don't usually have TikTok. That's true. That's it's honestly strategic. So he's saying he was too afraid because I was literally talk like talk about men and then here you are ramping it up 10 times more. Yeah. He's like, I'm his worst.


I'm like, I am your worst fucking nightmare. Actually. Wait, okay, so tell me about the date It went. Well he looks more wholesome than I thought when you showed me a picture of him last night. Do You remember me showing you remember that? I do. I feel like he looks like he's from Greenwich and he shops at Polo. He is from Greenwich. He is? Yeah. And he was wearing a polo in the picture and he Was wearing, and he has Cute little like, spiky, like good hair. And he is like an uncle. He's an uncle. Yeah. Oh my god. I'm obsessed. But like, He's too wholesome for Where did he take you? I'd break him. You Would break him? He brought me to this restaurant right next to Zero. It's called Tuhi. And did you have sex with Him? No, I didn't. I was stained. You didn't, did you guys make out? We made out in front of the whole restaurant. Is there any sexual chemistry?


Because I feel like when nice guys are too nice, it's a little Like, ugh. No, I don't know if he's too nice or too smart. There's something off though. I I feel like I'm not giving him a fair chance because I Why? He's a billionaire. I I think I feel like you can look past, think He's super, I think he's lowkey, like was probably a nerd in his twenties and now he's like super Rich and now he's cool 'cause he Rich's A billionaire. Super rich. Yeah. Now that, that's like an asset. But I feel like of all the things you've probably looked past with men, like anything with him you could get past because he is a billionaire. Wait, did you see, have you guys seen anything on TikTok about what people are saying about us? We, yeah, I actually have. We, I like you're getting sent a lot of things that, that you're grooming me.


I was like, wait, what? Like she's grooming her. I have been grooming her since the day I met her. Okay. What does that even fucking mean? You've literally been doing this without me. Before you met me. Yes. And now I'm just literally like helping you with production. You're just the groomer. I am literally the groomer. Come one. Come all. If you wanna get groomed by Alex Cooper. Him. Yeah. Wait, no, I was actually more talking about like this, like, there was like a financial conversation. Did you see this? Oh, people were saying like, there's something, I saw TikTok, it was too much. I was like, too hammered.


And they they were talking about like the Renaissance and Oh, I did. She was talking about like Jane Eyre or something. Like, wait. I was like, wait, what the fuck are you talking about? I think that they were like a little like perturbed by the conversation about like your dad having money or something. They're probably broke anyone that commons being like, this girl sucks, blah blah, blah. It's Don Aflex, you're poor. Here's And I don't, and I, I don't feel bad for you. Here's the thing, I don't relate to that concept because I at one point was fucking broke. And so I, I can talk about this shit like I worked fucking hard. You shut up but me.


No, I'm just kidding. Well, no, I, no, it's true. Moving on. What else should we talk about? You think people think I'm grooming you? Wait, there was one video that she's like, she's trying to ploy her out of like all this information. I'm like, no, that's just how we talk. Wait, she's trying to pull all this information out. What does that mean? Like About like sex stories and shit? What I saw this whole like in-depth video analyzing my every word Bitch. I literally wish we had a fucking camera on us when we were in my fucking house drinking whiskey. Because we literally are speaking the exact way. If not, no. You don't Remember when you gave me 17 house tour?


No. You Guys, No, I, Matt and I put Halle to bed one night. We get to my house. Halle is literally so drunk. I'm pretty sober. I was Crossed. I was so I don't smoke Alec. We get home and hallie's like, one more night cap. One more night cap. And I'm like, okay, fine. Fucking shit. And Matt's like so excited. He's like, yes, one more night cap, because he's the whiskey, the short glass whiskey. So I start pouring her whiskey and I make us ramen noodles. Halle was hesitant but she took the noodles. I don't like food, but I ate the ramen. So then we ate and we brought you upstairs to the guest bedroom. Halle was like, I don't wanna go to bed yet. You were literally stomping your foot. You said, I want a house to Work. I was like begging Lauren to stay up with me. She, I wanna have a summer party. Lauren immediately gone. So we go upstairs and Halle is like, show me your closet.


She's walking around in my closet. She's going into me and Matt's bed. We finally get her to into a room. We have a threesome. No. Then they pegged me. We Get her into her room and Halle sits down on the carpet and she's like, goodnight. And we're like, what are you doing? She's like, oh, I was just gonna just sleep on the bathroom floor. There's a perfectly good king-sized bed waiting for her. So Matt says, sit the fuck down. She sits down on the couch and Matt proceeds to take Hallie's feet and starts taking off her shoes. And you're like, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Because you don't know, I dunno where this is going. And we're like literally shut up. We don't undress her. But we, That's where the grooming started And this is where the grooming started. We tuck her into bed. Yep. And she went to bed.


She wakes up the next day she comes down for coffee and she asks me for a fucking house tour. I'm like, I literally took you through my whole fucking house last night. You come. But that morning I woke up, I literally didn't know where I was. I was like, this doesn't look like the hotel. Did You gonna tell the fucking computer story? Yeah. Hall, did you not watch our episode of Call Daddy? I've watched parts about it. You've, Let's just run this back in Insert clip from Call Daddy. I'm, let me guess what you did. Yeah. You went up to the desktop. You pressed the space bar. I couldn't watch the whole episode by myself. I knew It's kind Of scary, huh? No, it's very scary. And I knew what I was talking about the whole time. So I was like Bye. Did you, when you, okay wait, can we talk about how are you feeling about having a podcast now?


Did you get a good response? This is gonna be your second episode. Like how's the response been going? I think it's been positive. I think we got some, I think shock values. What's needed here. Did you hear from the terrorist? Which one? The man. The man with the short story. No. I didn't know if he would reach out to you being like, please don't talk about me. Well, It's too fucking late. I'm so proud of you. I feel like you're doing such a great job. I've groomed you to success and now I can let you fly. No. Wait, are you coming tonight or no? No, I am coming tonight. Oh, okay. You don't have to. No, I want you to. No, no, no.


I, I'm gonna be thinking about that all day. No, I'm saying like I don't want you to feel like you have to. Graydon, are you coming? I'm like, but you know what I mean. Like I don't want you guys to feel like you have to. Alex does not want us to come. I don't want you guys to feel like you're kind of overheating. But I have to keep up like the No, I'm over. It's 70 degrees and I just figured out my heat yesterday I had To take this off. Okay, wait. Meeting Lauren's boyfriend last night was so fun. Can I tell you something though? Yeah. People online think that it's not just something I did like a few times that it's like a service I provide. It's like people think like Lauren will call me and be like, hi, I'm making dinner, Jordan need to stick sucked.


Can you come Uber over? Like that's not, that's not what it was. It's only on holidays, Sleigh. We were still around Specifically Memorial Day. We were. I feel like it only happens in Nantucket. How? Wait, where are the locations? It's Happened. It's n just Nantucket. See I feel like you guys get fucking freaky on Nantucket. Well Like there's, it's only in the air. I think Nantucket's like where I've been my freakiest self. Yeah. 'cause it's kind of like Narnia. It feels like a fake land. Then you go back to reality and you're like, ooh. Like That never happened. I just like dragged men back to the basement of my parents' home that has no windows and just like a gas bed and just let it rip. Wait, gray didn't hooked up with someone the other day.


Get in here now just a quick one, then get back in bed Breaking news. Graydon sucked here and got sucked. No in in on the cape. Did you Guys 69? No wait, I was in my car and I was driving and he was diddling me obviously. And I got a new car and it's like, I don't know. I don't know how to work my new car. Right? So I take my seatbelt off while he's diddling me. And if you take my, your seatbelt off of my car, the whole fucking car turns off. Okay. I didn't know this. So mid dittle, I'm driving. I take my seatbelt off 'cause the seatbelt's in the way, my whole car turns off. I lose control of the steering and my car just stops in the middle of the road. This kid's hands in my pants and we're, look it was insane.


It was like really dangerous. And we just looked at each other and I was like, all right, that just like killed the whole entire vibe. Just a little. So then I had to turn the whole the car on. I didn't know how to turn the car on. It was a whole thing. Wait But yeah, keep Going. I'm trying to remember. So who stuck ho first? Who party? We also who decides a Defender? You have a defender. Who decides who starts? Yeah. I don't know bitch. Who decides who starts when you fuck? It's probably you. Who is better you think? Me? Definitely. But you bet out of commission. I know muscle memory.


And I feel like sometimes the first time back you really give it all you Got. Oh yeah. Like your life fucking depends on it because it does. Were you in the front seat? Did you pull over? No, I was driving. Well you were not gonna get while you were driving. Wait You Well the actually the first time we, the first time we hooked up I was driving and I was sucking him off with one hand on the steering wheel. Oh great. This was years ago. And I almost crashed my fucking car into a telephone pole when I was, I used to be really crazy if you can't tell. I used to be nuts. I've been to jail. Did you know that? Have I told you that? No. Why have you been to jail?


I was really drunk and I was underage. No Wait, I feel like you were like sassy. Like I was crazy. Fuck the police when you Were young? The, the police chief in my hometown knew me by my first and last name 'cause I would get in so much trouble. Where Did you get arrested? This place called the Xfinity Center. In in Philadelphia? No, in in Mass. Was it like at a country concert or something? 'cause I've almost got arrested there Too. Dirk Bentley? Yeah. Classic. I got fingered during that concert. Oh my God. In the mosh. Oh my god. By the, on the grass. Yeah, in the back in the green. By the trees? Yeah. Like by the porta potties? Yes. Yeah. That's where everyone used to get fingered. Should we go?


Wait, that would be crazy. So how did you get arrested? What were you doing? Just drinking. Okay. So I had a bunch of nips stuffed in my shoe, like shooters, like nips. And then I gave the cop a fake id and then he ran it and it like obviously was fake so they threw me the slammer and then my dad never came to fucking pick me up so they put me to real jail. Yeah. Who was it? It's so annoying. It makes me so mad. Who was it like in there? Scary. So people, well they put me to police fan. They took off all my clothes. I only had like my base layers on. They took all my jewelry. You didn't spread the cheeks? No. I wish, yeah, it was great.


It's bad. You do not wanna go to jail. Jail's not fun. Like I was in the real jail for a hot second. Like How long? Like an hour. I thought you were saying like a couple. No, No, no. 'cause my dad was taking a sweet time. How much did it take to bail you out? You think It was like $25? It was like, yeah. Did you tell her the ski mask story where you Did I, No, I'm sorry. I can't get over the fact that Graydon just said that with one hand he was driving a vehicle and on the other side he had one eye up. And do you have the thing where you're, you're cross-eyed, right? So you can kind of look one eye up and one eye down at the dig. I can do it. No, I wasn't looking at the road at all.


Crayon pull over. That's why People Die. This was when I was in high school. So like obviously I'm gonna do that in high school. Obviously You just keep one hand on the don't do this. You keep one hand on the steering wheel on a straight road. So then you just hold the steering wheel and you go straight. Wait, he was hot though. Yeah, I Know. He is hot. He's always the hottest on Thanksgiving Eve. It's like this weird thing. Yeah. People get hotter on Thanksgiving Eve and it's every fucking Wednesday night on than the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. Every time. Sexy. Other than that needs some work. Who came first? None. Mm What? I know what, because the car, my car turned off. It like fucked up the whole vibe. Oh. And it just Stopped There.


Your car turned off, you turned Like kinda. Yeah, I turned off and my car turned off. We And why haven't you guys had sex? I don't really want to. Graydon doesn't like sex. Yeah's too much. I'm picky. I wish I was more freaky. I don't go hear That. Do you have more bodies than her? No, I only have like eight. Wait, 1, 2, 3, 4. Kidding. Any same names? I like how they like progressively got more famous. Wait, We agreed in. What is the ski mask story? No, you have to tell Alex the ski mask story. This is so important to society. Wait, just like paint the picture in my head. Okay, Sit back, relax and enjoy.


Okay, so once again I'm on Cape Co. Cape Cod, the hometown, the homeland. And I get this message from this person on this app called Grindr, which I use very cautiously 'cause like I don't want to get killed, right? This person messages me and it said a couple things in their like bio. And I was like, I just feel like I know who this person is. But he wouldn't send me a picture. He wouldn't send me a picture. So I had no idea who he was. I feel like on Grindr they just show like their weird Like yeah they show like a torso picture. Like tors a body picture. Why did you feel like you knew who it was? I just had this, I had this feeling and Well Wasn't he tall and like you like there was only so many tall people in the cape Or something?


Yeah, like not as tall as me, but like tall ish. Oh, 'cause Cape Cod is small. Yeah, ish. Okay. And his picture was like a picture of like a picture frame. Like for his picture it wasn't his body. And I was like, I feel like I like would know that picture for some reason. Anyway, so I meet up with this kid in a parking lot and I could have been like brutally murdered. I'm not gonna lie. It was at 1:00 AM and like this like weird part of town I don't go to obviously. And I'm, I'm waiting there and I look into the wood. I need to like, It's good do That. I look in, Keep Going. I look into the woods. It's like a foggy night.


Like there's fog. This fucking person emerges out of the woods wearing like a matching sweatsuit and a fucking ski mask approaching my car. And before he even got into my car, I knew who I was. How I just knew he gets into my car. The only way he would talk is like in mumble. So I couldn't recognize his voice like sucker. He was like, hey, like suck my Shit. Like fucking speaking in tribal or something. Okay, Fuck. He takes out his shlong. I'm not even kidding. It almost hit my fucking dashboard. It was huge. And that's where the story ends because he couldn't get hard and then I kicked him out.


Did he, wasn't he going back to his like girlfriend too? Wait, wait A second. I don't think so. Wait, I thought you made. I hope not. Well not my problem. Gre In that moment when he pulls out and you see it on the dash, are you like, are you, It's like it goes out my window on the other side. When Godzilla enters the picture. Are you like, and what do you say? You try to like jack him off. Do you touch him at all? I was like, it's gonna be a long night. You gave him car, gave little di. Oh I was putting my whole, I was putting my whole back into it. That's The worst when you're suck off a flos penis and just fucking Big shaking it.


I'm like, what's going on? Shake Weight, Like wake up. No, literally. And then how did he leave? Like he just literally left in silence. I kicked him out and then I'm sure he did like a mumble and was like, boy Did you ever see this man again? No, but he messaged me again last week. He wants more On the same app. Yeah, but you have to do it. I will. No, you have to reply and be like, bring the ski mask like for old time sake. See, I think I would like that. No, I told him I know who he is. What did he say? He was like, oh fuck or something. But I was like, you're fucking idiot. But like who cares? Yeah. Why is he wearing a ski mask? Because straight.


Oh, he is straight. Yeah. So does he have a girlfriend? I think you said that like, oh I have to go back to my girlfriend anyways. I don't like really know. I've never seen him in person. Like I don't really know his life. It's funny 'cause like Rayen will go on Grindr on Nantucket and will like walk into crew and he'll be like, it's like a bunch of like married couples and their families and he'll be like, he's songwriter. He is songwriter. That's so crazy. Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah, it's fucking insane. But none of Them are hot. It's just sad. They're hot. Like it's 2024 had just come out. I wish They would like be like themselves. Yeah. I mean I don't really care but it's not my problem, you know?


But none of them that are like that hot. Okay, great. And I'm really sorry that that happened to you. Do you feel used? Lord do I feel used? No Big Papa. I'm big strong boy. Are you hung over? Yeah, but I'm kind of drunk now from this bloody Mary. Wait, I feel great now. I Feel so good. Should we go out? It's Lily 11 in the morning. Yeah. Wait, but yeah, wait, so you're coming tonight. What Are you gonna wear? Wait, what is the plan tonight You guys? I have no idea. The plan was we were gonna have a cocktail hour. I just thought it would be like nice to keep it going and like I wanna keep celebrating you. Did you like my speech last night? No, I love you so much.


You don't understand. I Wanted to have like a little like cocktail hour with us to just like keep drinking. Is it just us tonight? The three of us? Imagine I Rented out A whole. Matt, stay home. No, Matt, Stay home. No, it's, I think it's gonna just be like everyone like kind of similar to last night ish. No, it's at a good restaurant too. It is, yeah. Where is it? You Don't know where it is? I have literally no idea where we're Going to St. Theo's. Have you been there before? Never been there in my Life. That's great. Italian. I think we just gotta like start drinking early. Wait, I love when you're like this. Maybe We'll go out again. Where do you guys go when we go out? I've only been to, I've only been out here to little sister twice. That's it. That Guy on my West definitely been a little sister.


No, no, the O one. And only time I was that little sister is when see this hockey player that I had like on and off talked to in college. So I'm there and I see him and I knew he had a girlfriend, but I see him and like we kind of knew each other from college. So I still went up to him. I'm not trying to fuck him. But then the rest of the night he was trying to fuck. And I always thought he was so hot and I only had sucked his, it was the first like curved penis that I like did the Gluck luck on. And I like really learned a lot from it. It's like 90 degrees. It literally was so huge. And then at the top more, but like kind of the whole on or up to the side? Down down would be crazy. Oh, depends. Wait, it depends what way you're looking at it. No, it kind of is like that straw.


No, like that. Yeah. What is that? That's to the side or is that up? That's down. No, yeah, that's down. I, Well, it depends what way you're looking At. Listen, I was scared to have sex with it. 'cause I don't know how that would work. You would squirt. You Would. Yeah. I feel like that hit the side of my wall's, not my GS spot anyways, so I'm that little sister. We're talking, we're talking. It slowly gets more progressively flirty and then we go to avenue after. Do people still go There? Avenue's closed. I've had sex in the avenue Bathroom. Oh my God. Avenue is so good. It's just like these tight walls and everyone's just getting fucked. And so we're sitting up on the, we're sitting up. It's the end of the night and I literally look him in the eyes and I say, I have no interest in doing this if you actually are still with that girl.


Like please. And the whole night he's been convincing me. I don't have a girlfriend. I don't have a girlfriend. She's so obsessed with me. I don't have a girlfriend, so obviously I fuck I bleed everywhere you guys, I, I'm not kidding you. Oh, the dick. The Fucking punctured you Created It punctured an artery. You guys, I didn't realize how bad the blood was until in the morning his agent walked in and was like, you have like a body armor shoe or something. And he walked in. He goes, oh shit. We're both laying there naked. There's blood all over the sheets. There's blood on the wall. I feel like Men don't care about that shit. It was so dark and there was blood everywhere. And then you guys, less than a month later, he was down on one knee and proposed.


And now they're married. Oh my god. She Has it. She's still bleeding. I've never been the same since. Anyways. Yeah. So now he's married and I don't know, I don't know about that. Cheers to her. I hope he's not cheating. That little scummy. Here's to curve. Dick, Have you had a lot of curve, Dick? Not to the side. Like Down we Graydon. That makes no sense. What does it look like? Usually when you say a dick curve, you're like, it goes like this. No, No. Hold it like it's sticking out of you right now. Like either this way or this way. No, not fucking. I know that way. No. I feel like it has a hook to the left or right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like just a little hook.


It just starts going up and then it just curves, curves, curves more that way. Like kinda like my eyes. I'm getting Scared. Okay. Wait, so where are we going tonight? We should go to Sub Mercer. I don't know Anything about New York. I love sub Mercer. What's Sub Mercer? It's, you know where Mercer case? So Mercer Kitchen used to be, it's Tiana's now and they bought out the bar underneath and it's like a club. Good Daddy's hanging Regardless. We're gonna go, what are you gonna wear tonight? Or petite disco. Petite disco. You've definitely heard of petite disco. No. Okay, so we'll go out tonight. I'm holding you to that. Oh, I'm Ready. I Don't wanna get too drunk tonight. I I always say that I feel like every time you see me, I'm so fucked up around you and you're like, oh, Halle fucked again. Halle, I have the best times with you.


Okay, fine. I'll get fucked up tonight. All right. Fine, fine, fine. Okay. I feel good about This. Okay, you guys, I think we just crushed this. No, I think this is amazing How you feel great in, I needed to get that off my chest so I feel great. The jail part or Just key? No, I don't care about the jail part. The dick in my mouth. Okay, I got wait. This is your show. Say something. I hate the end. I hate the end every time. Guys, this place has great energy. Tune back in every week. Yes, for This bitch. Do tune in for the tits. Tune in for great and sucking stories. I may be back every time I'm in New York, I need to come on this fucking couch.


No, I really think you do. It brings me back from the VP to here. Let's fucking go. Perfect. Love you all. Love you all. Bye. I took notes on this night because I literally had to like have other people piece it together for me. It was quite the fucking night. I mean, guys, I am wrapping up the weekend. Obviously I'm missing three nails. I just hopped out the sauna. I could smell the tequila and merlott exiting the chat. But like honestly, the missing nails, that's a fucking telltale sign of a good night.


Also, I feel like I'm like three pounds lighter in hair extensions. Those I left on Nantucket. We'll get into that. Anyways, where did the night begin? We went out with a good group of people. Guys, I swear we went to every fucking location in New York City. We went out with Alex in Matt. We started with a bigger group, a solid group, a great group at this restaurant, St. Theo's. We had some more d'oeuvres, we got the drinks flowing. I again, promised myself that I was gonna go into the night, you know, not drink that much, not embarrassed myself in front of father, but alas the I were crossing quickly as the night began.


So we started there and then we decided it'd be a good idea to go to Zero Bond. I love zero bond. I honestly don't know if Alex has been there, but I want to show her zero bond. So we went in the back, we had more dirty martinis, but by the time we were sitting down at zero bond, I could feel it. I was getting fuzzy. My eyes were definitely crossed. I had one eye looking directly in front of me, and the other eye was already looking at the next location of the night. Like I woke up, went into my camera roll. I had a video of me, Alex and Liv, we were all in the bathroom. Liv had scissors. For some reason, one of us thought it was gonna be a good idea to cut half of Alex's skirt off to make it like more micro.


Honestly, it looked amazing. But I don't know who thought, who trusted us with scissors. I don't know. But anyways, we started the night there. We dropped a couple flies, probably like the people that actually had some logic that didn't wanna continue the night, because by that time we, the drinks were fucking flowing. We were cozy. We were like, oh, oh, oh. Then we texted our mutual, we have a mutual friend in New York. We texted him and his friends. They had a table at this place called the Mulberry. I mean I called them the daddies. So like he had friends that were like the daddies and we like went and met up with them. The one daddy that I had actually had gone on a date with recently. But like this man is perfect to the T.


This man, he is successful. He is sexy, he's suckable, he's all The most important things you could think of. But just, I think I am the problem here. And I don't wanna like kinder his soul. I feel like I would cause a ruckus in this poor, sweet man's life. I mean, he's so sweet. So I go, Lauren, this guy would be perfect for you. Like go for the billionaire daddy. And she was like, wait, what? What? Like, why are you just giving the man? You just wanna date with him? I'm like, oh, I think him. There's more where that came from. There's more where that came from. So anyways, we did that and honestly I don't really remember. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. Lemme check my notes.


This is, this is sad that I have to check my notes up. Did we really do that? So I remember being at this bar, and this is a fun bar, but it's a small bar and there's also no windows. Like there's no exit plan. If that place were to light on fire, you know, like I'm not climbing out of the dungeon. That's kind of how like I felt going into it. It's like very underneath, it's like subterranean and it gets really fucking hot in there. And also, we didn't have that much room to sit. I also like didn't know if I was fucking with the music and like that can dictate my mood. I can go from a good mood to a bad mood really quickly. I remember like not jiving with like, it was like playing Funky Town or some shit like that. I don't know. That wasn't my jam. So we went to the next spot and but I, we could have called it a night after the third spot or was the fourth spot.


No. Yeah, we went to do West, which I love. You know, I love a good due West Sundays. If you wanna find hot, rich men go to Due West on a Sunday afternoon. Not me, like I should gate keep places like that. But I'm a real one. Like go to fucking due West. Then we went there and by that point, I think like my tapings were out and flapping in the wind, my hair was undone. We only have video footage. I don't have memory at that point in the night. But it was fucking fun. Like we had a good time. Like we were drinking, we were laughing, we were being silly, we were letting loose.


I don't even remember what men we were with at that point, but you know what The most sickening part of this whole situation is? I had called a black lane, which is basically like a fancier Uber. It's like a car service to pick up me and Graydon. We decided like in our drunken endeavors, that would be a good idea to leave at 6:00 AM and go from here to Nantucket. I made it a fucking point to have the car pick us up at 6:00 AM on the.so we can make this 12:00 PM ferry. We get there, our driver was like, I don't know the area. Like I don't wanna drive too fast. This guy was moving like fucking molasses, which I respect because safety first, but we missed the boat by four minutes.


I was literally waving to my friends that were on it. We were like, no fuck. So what did we do? We went to the little diner right next to it and we got like three Bloody Mary's and a lobster roll, which honestly made us feel a bit better. But the fact that we woke up so early just to miss the fucking boat sparked a flame in my soul that I really don't even wanna get into right now. But it was annoying, but whatever. And then I got to the island, we kind of got there, took a nap, and then woke up and I was like, wait, we're in fucking Nantucket right now. And what did I miss? What was the only piece of thing I left back in my apartment, my whole wallet, my purse. So not only did I have that long ass travel day going there, I had no Id to get into any single fucking bar.


Nothing. Although I do a pull there. So I was completely fine, but I couldn't fly home. So I had to take a train like all like a ferry. There is no easy way of getting to Nantucket quickly, especially on a weekend like Christmas stroll. But you know what, it was fucking fun. And we lived to tell the it was good. It was good night. It was good multiple nights. It was a fun weekend. You know what I'm trying to say? I don't even have enough time to sit and talk about that in this episode. I'll get to that in a different episode because the debauchery, like, I feel like this nail that I am missing right here is probably lodge and some sailors ass. But you know what? I live to tell the story barely. Like my neck hurts and I need to call my mom.


But anyways, what a fucking time. We crushed it. New York City. So I'm like, I'm like giving a speech right now. Anyways, I love you guys. That's all for today's episode and so many kisses and thistle. Love you all.