
Don't drug The team. Team don't drug the team. Don't drug the team. Don't. On grateful wench. Yeah. Yeah. You're Like moaning. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, yeah, yeah, yeah. Get back in your words. How? How did that look? Better or worse? Better. Better. That looks amazing. Tears just, just let God go with you. But like, what can I Not say? You can say anything you want. Can I talk about put the microphone in front of your face. What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy.


Daddy. Daddy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Hey, tonight's found to get weird. Okay, cheers. Let's do a quick little prayer. Let's do a quick little seance. Our father who art in color. Daddy. How Halle, thy cunt Halle be. Thy sang a lot of bad shit tonight. Oh, thy kingdom come. I will make cu. I will make him come and I will not sound dumb. Amen. That's not a prayer. No. Yeah. That's my new religion.


Do you think any of your exes will be watching tonight? Hopefully. If they have a phone. Those poor bros. Those little weird freaks. Do you go for broke men Sometimes To humble myself. Hallie Batchelder. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. You may be wondering why we're dressed like this Daddy Gang.


I don't know. No, We're like back, we're like, we're in New York right now. You're back to your roots. Ooh. Oh my God. You really guess. Oh. Oh. Imagine if we knew each other when I was in New York. No, you would be Dead. No, You wouldn't be alive. I wouldn't have my career. Yeah, I bet your funeral and you wouldn't have your career or your husband. I would definitely not have my husband. I not Have your husband. We also imagine if we knew each other when you lived in Boston. No, I wouldn't have been a bottle girl. I would've just become friends with your dad. Imagine if I had fucked your dad. Wait, that's not funny. Isn't he happily married? No, he is happily married. But like imagine if Alex Cooper was my mom and I was like, Alex, what's for dinner? She's like, I just signed $125 million deal.


Let me just preface this with anybody that's driving in the car on the way to work. 'cause they could be on their way to work. They could be nursing their child right now. Hopefully not. They could be doing something wholesome. It is about seven o'clock at night in Los Angeles, California. It's so hot. No, it's so hot. We gotta take this shit off this hood. We are sweating and we're drinking martinis. And I'm sitting across from Halle now. I discovered Halle on TikTok one day and I said, I'd like that bitch. I would like to be friends with that bitch. And then I ended up starting a company and I was like, oh, I can be friends with her and I can work with her. Which is pretty cool. Yeah. And Halle is going to be launching her podcast tomorrow. Extra dirty episode one comes out.


So cheer. You fucking did it bitch. Yeah. Should we take this shit off? Yeah, we, maybe not the sunglasses, but at least This. No, I'm overheating. And Then let's re comb your hair. No, we, I look like George Washington. I third Last time I saw you was in oh, Los Angeles. Yes. And Matt and I were putting you to bed. Yes. That was the scariest thing ever because I was cross faded on that fucking PJ back. Talk about that experience. No, They were like, yay, yay. I don't know, like Wiz was playing like his music and I was like, okay. Like, and you were like, yeah. And he was like, wait, have the whiskey and smoke the blunt. And I like, don't smoke weed at all. So when I hid it, I was like so paranoid. I think sweetie thanked me for being there.


I go, you're welcome. So we're on the plane. I turn around and Halle has her hands crossed in a prayer position. Yes. And she's not moving and she's not speaking and she's not making eye contact with anyone. And I kept turning around and being like, Halle are you? Well I'm like with my like boss, this girl that just signed me to the company and like I was just, I, I don't smoke at all. Like I'm not a smoker. I don't smoke weed. I don't like downers like that. I like uppers. So I was like a little confused of what was going on. I was trying to play it fucking cool and I was supposed to go from landing from the PJ and I was like, my plan was to Uber tally X. And I'm like, what time is your flight? I've never heard of a flight taken off at like a steady two 30 and Halley's like, oh I don't have a flight.


I'm gonna get one though. And she is blazed out of her mind not making eye contact with anyone still. And she has glasses on and she's like, no, I'm gonna catch a flight. To which Matt says, excuse me, you're not going to LAX, you're coming home with us. I was like gay. I mean, the thing is I woke up in your guest bed on top of the covers. I didn't even take my clothes off. Didn't even tuck in. You had gave me a whole house to that. I don't even recall. I woke up and there was a like a desktop right in front of me. I clicked the name and it goes Alex Cooper desktop. And I go, fuck no, not today.


And it was like noon and I could hear you guys downstairs making coffee and I was like calling like Lauren. I was calling all my friends being like, I don't know if I can go downstairs. This is terrible. What did I do? This is like a, like this is a nightmare. No, that was fun. No, that was fun. How Would you describe your personality when you're drunk? Aside from the wandering eye creep fucking Bitch. I feel like either I go mute, like you don't know if I'm like drunk or not or I'm just like completely an extra version of my extra self. I don't wanna cause a scene. I'm not like confrontational at all. Some people when they get drunk they're like mean and rude and confrontational maybe.


Yeah, I'm very chill. I'm also like very like a respectful human being. I feel like I'm just like down with like the vibes. I'm just trying to like, I don't wanna cause a scene. Are you someone that is going to drunk text people? Are you drunk texter? Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean like who's not like, I don't know like grow up. Wait. But I like have had a couple like drunk text situations where I'm just like some there's, there needs to be a child lock on my phone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, once I send this nude to this guy and it was a video, it was like a masterpiece and I was using like a bright pink fuchsia dildo and I was absolutely plastering myself with it.


What are you in your bed? Yeah, my twin bed on Nantucket. No. Yes. You're doing this in D And I sent it to the wrong guy. His name started with M, the other guy's name started with M. But the guy I sent it to was like this guy named Matt from like sleepaway camp when I was 14. And I was like, he had a blessed day that day. I don't fucking Care. Did you realize that when you were fucked up or did you realize it in the morning? In the morning he thumbs up it, he didn't even reply. He's, he must have known he was, this ain't, this ain't for me. He was like, yeah. In that moment question, do you then decide cinematic masterpiece? Should I actually now fire this off to the right person?


It's too late. It was too late. The person I wanted to even fire it off to I think didn't deserve it. I think this random guy from Sleepaway camp deserved it more at this point. No, but my drunk techs weren't even like, where you at? They were just like, like very well composed like sexed with like an intro, three supporting arguments and like a closing statement. I'd be like, this is a cinematic ma. Like I, I'd be like, I wouldn't even regret that I'm gonna die on this hill. Someone published this shit. How the fuck are you like writing that shit when you're fucked up? AI chat.


GBT. Give it to me right now. 1, 2, 3. Halle, I fucking love you. Okay. Where did you come from? Like I feel like you crawled out of a hold. Like were your parents strict with you growing up? Like what was your, what was going on? I mean they were, they weren't strict at all. Okay. I feel like they had expectations. Like you had to get good grades, make your bed, don't get pregnant. Although I did once, but like don't get pregnant. Okay. So my parents can be strict sometimes. Oh, Okay. Like when I would throw parties in college, there was one time I threw a party in college and I had all my friends over. It was like for my friend's birthday and like one of her girlfriends like threw up all over my parents' carpet.


The cops had came so everyone was like hiding in a room. They went up to like the fourth floor. I live in like a brownstone in Boston. They went to the fourth floor into my parents' room. This girl threw up all over like my parents' like a hundred thousand dollars carpet. It was horrid. It was a fucking crime scene. Okay. So they found out, I've never seen my dad so mad at me. I thought I was cut off for good. I thought I was cut off for good. So I signed up for seeking arrangements. No, I was being The most, I was so extra. I was like seeking arrangements near me. I'm, I'm done. There's no way Holly, I never went on a date but I signed up.


You know, I got chlamydia once. Let's talk about chlamydia. Oh, twice. Oh sorry. Tell me, tell me about your time. I mean I got chlamydia once. It was with an older gent Who I loved. Really? I didn't love him. I just loved how Richie was. I don't know, he was so rich. Like we'd go to like a bar and he'd be like, what do you wanna drink? And I'd be like, I want a spicy margarita. And he'd be okay. A spicy mar too. And then he'd be like, how much should I tip a thou? Should I tip a thou? He like abbreviated a thou. And I was like, tip a thou. Yay. And then he invited me to The Bahamas and his friend had a private island and it was just all the things.


His name was Epstein? No, no, just kidding. I'm sorry. This is going, this is getting, His name was Diddy. No, no. Stop. No, but He would like flat. How old was this man? He wasn't even that old. He was like 38. Hmm. How old were you at the time? 23. Oh okay. That's good. That's good. He was weathered though. He looked stressed out. He looked like a leather couch. Like he looked like he was stressed out at work. Like What was he up to? What did he do for work? He was a hedge fund owner. Owner. Wait, that's hot. Wait. Owner is, Is that a thing? CEO. How did you meet him? Nantucket.


That's, and he didn't have children or kids He could have That you know of? Could Have. He got me pregnant. He got You pregnant? No. Yes That was the same guy in Chlamydia. But I thought the chlamydia pill was postponing my period. So it was like double homicide. Pow pow Ali Ali What? Can I not Say that? You know what? I think you fucking should say that. 'cause in the state of the motherfucking union of our country, you had a right and Thank God I was able to have an abortion back then. Yeah. Honestly I don't, I can't even imagine if it wasn't an option to me. So Imagine you as a mother right now. No. Like right here. I'm like hi Father Cooper. Shh. I'm doing an interview.


I fake tits. Can I even breastfeed? Wait. Oh can you? I think so. It's under the muscle. Yeah, I Continue. Yeah. Okay. You No you, that's what I remember you drunkenly in the back of the car with Matt and I on our way back. You were like, guys I have something I really wanna talk to you about. And I'm like, oh we're gonna talk about extra dirty whatever. You're like, I kind of wanna go bigger. I was like, I stand by this. You wanna go bigger? Yeah. How bigger are your tit? Well They're all right. 2 95 cc, high profile. And everyone thinks they're real. Everyone thinks they're real. No. Like when like my God, like everyone thinks they're real. They don't look fake. 'cause the tits I had before, I gained a lot of weight, then lost a lot of weight and then gained a lot of weight.


So it kind of looked like a rock in a sock. Like a picture, a rock in a sock. You know you're swinging a rock in a sock. It's like a weapon. Okay. So like I filled that up and I went conservative with the ccs, but they don't look fake enough If, if I'm going under the knife, Pop it up, make 'em look fake. You wanna go bigger? They bounce still. Like fuck that. You don't want them to bounce? Not really. You want them to just be, I don't wanna be sat in listening to me. Wait, you went to Catholic school? Yeah. It's shocking. That's literally makes so much sense. I went to Catholic school also. Really? So I can say that. Oh yeah. Just a lot of repression and It's like caging a wild animal and then setting them free into college from fifth through 12th grade.


I had never had class with a male. I had slept with one guy and I had done like one line of Adderall and I was like, I'm a freak. I'm so crazy. And then I got to college and I was like, wait Dick. It was insane. So High school, you were pretty tame. So tame. What was your first boyfriend? He was like this very religious, went to the brothers school. All boys Catholic school was like captain of the hockey team. Very nice guy. Very religious. Massive dick. Wait, I know I miss him. No, I'm kidding. Where is he now? You think he Is a girlfriend? Oh, he's like five seven.


Aren't You five eight? Yeah. In grass. Five foot. But the big dick, He was a tripod. Alex, the walking tripod. If the wind gusted him right over, he wouldn't be standing right up. But, but to have that as your first experience is a little intimidating though. Well intimidating for everyone else. Like after him it was like, what is this? What did I sign up for? Why did we break up? It was up. I was like upsetting. The second guy I got with after my ex had a micro penis. Literally my pinky. What did you do when you saw It?


It wasn't a seeing it thing. It was like, is it in yet? Is it in yet? I had no idea. Like it was like this big, I swear to God you've Actually tried to have sex with a micro penis. I I did have sex with the micro penis. What position worked the best? None of 'em. We were in, I was on a beanbag in my friend's like common room in college. So disgusting. We humbling. Okay. Can we talk about karate? Yeah. Kumbaya. The karate kid is here today. No guys, it's a fun fact that I am a brown belt and karate. I did it for nine years. I wasn't like an athlete. You weren't gonna see me in soccer hockey or I don't know what, what others work, track.


Track. No, like none of 'em. I, my parents were like, you should do karate and like that's a sport you put your kids into when you're like three. And I was out popping my fucking pussy until I was probably 17. Hold on, I'm a brown belt. Did you get like bullied for this? Yes. So I, for a period I stopped and then I accidentally before a sweet 16 got alcohol poisoning because I was 14. I'm youngest in my grade. So it was like before a sweet 16. I like drank too much and my parents were like, you're grounded for nine months and you have to do karate. And I was like, all right, like fuck. And I'm like 14 like guys are just starting to notice me and I have to go back and put my GI on.


I'm like a roll brown bell. And I'm like, I'm like cool. Yeah. And like I'm like guys aren't gonna fuck with this. Oh my God, it's true. Give me like a hand move. What would you do? You'd bow first. Be respectful. Fall he'd be like goes, I can't, I can't really get into the grooves here. It's this. I used to like do the job. I used to judge younger karate students. What? I was that good. I was so good at karate. Do you use any of those moves in the bedroom? Probably. I'm violent in the bedroom. A man hates to see me coming. Halle, can we talk about your dad?


Yeah, let's talk about the finances. Let's talk about the finances. Are you still using your dad's credit card to this day? I mean, yeah. I mean it's actually a sensitive topic today. I got a text this morning being like in the group chat. My dad goes, I just canceled the JetBlue card. Good luck. Love you to my family group chat. I go, wait, what the absolute fuck? He goes, you, I don't use it anymore. I'm like, but I do. What do you mean? What is the jet blue card? Like his card. We all have an apple pay but it's like Monopoly. It's like bang bang. It's like oh bang, we're at dinner. Bang. You know I could fly around the world 17 times. Yeah.


So you got cut up on the JetBlue? Oh Yeah, we're done. The black card we're so back. The black card hates see me coming. It's nice that he's not a sugar daddy. Like this is your actual dad. This is biological. Yeah, it's a sugar daddy. Mine is the sugar. Do you think he'll ever cut you off? No, because like he really wants us to be safe. He's big on safety. Like the reason why he would never like disclose his credit card number for the black card. He does not let us do subway transportation or Uber X. Like it's, I'm not kidding. Like it's, he like doesn't feel safe with that. He also doesn't feel safe with us having a bad haircut.


I can't Or bad hair or like bad clothing. He doesn't feel safe. Alex, he protects our safety. I can't, I literally can't handle you. Okay, so it's all about safety. Yeah. A new bag. Safety. Yeah, new hair Safety. But also like, but also like nice interior design makes me feel safety. CB two, safety William Sonoma.


Safety revolve. Safety Revolve. Revolve makes me feel safety. So Let me get this right. Do you have an like a, you can't spend more than this in a month or No, I'm not disrespectful. Okay. I don't abuse it. It's not like I'm going to Bergdorf and like popping my absolute pussy at Bergdorf while he is not there. Yeah. But when I'm there, we're popping our fucking pussy at Bergdorf. But no, if You ever go too hard, what is like a reprimand from your father? Look like it's an email. What? It's an email where it says purchase activity not detected or like purchase activity. I wasn't there. And he sends a question mark and we just usually don't reply.


Stop. I'm like trash spam. I'm like who is this? Okay, let's talk about your dating life. Okay, let's talk about your dating life. Okay. Do you have an age limit? Diapers? No. Ally, what Is that bad to say? Just What's funny is I was thinking like 85.


65? Yeah. Diapers old man. I don't Oh you're talking about old Man. Yeah, an old man with diapers, hospice, diapers. Wait, what? Who is you thought I was talking about? Younger. And that's a problem. We have to talk about that after. Okay, that was weird for me. Can you tell me what is the oldest you've gone on a date with? Date or fucked? I don't know. The oldest guy I slept with, I don't date a lot. Okay. Right. Sorry. No dates, Just fuck. But the oldest guy I've slept with is probably 52. Okay. How was that Good for him. I sucked him sideways and fruition. He stopped sunset.


Was he single? I think. Have you ever had sex with a man and then realized he was married afterwards? Yes. How do you handle that? I mean what? It's not my problem If you are hooking up with me and like you're in a relationship and you don't disclose it, I don't see how that's like my issue. It's not your issue. What is The most expensive thing a man has ever brought you aside from your father? That's A good question actually. I mean these guys, this man thought he bought my tits. What? Oh this is actually a really good story. Share with the class. So this is the guy I was seeing at the time. He was in London. I remember FaceTiming him, he was horrible to me.


Like he'd be like, I'm getting with this influencer and that influencer. I'd be like, okay. But I'm like, I'm so cool with that, whatever. And I would be like, I think I want like new hits. And he was like, I think I agree with that. Like he was horrible to me. And then he goes, he's like, it's 6:00 AM in London and I'm so fucked up. I've stayed up all night like I'm gonna Venmo you 10 grand for your tits. So him and his best friend Venmo me for each tit. So East think they own one tit, but then Wait, they Venmo you? Yeah, They Venmo me on the spot. Him and his friend. Yeah. But then my mom was like, wait, if you really want me to pay for the surgery, just get your real estate license and I'll pay for it.


So like MacGyver on the fucking keyboards. I studied so hard. I got my real estate license in like within like a week and a half, I swear to God. And these fucking dumb ass Billionaires. I pocketed their money so quick. So you had see you fucking later, You had 10 K for your tits from them? Yeah, Pocketed Just paid for them. I never sold a house ever either. I fucking love that for you. No. Yeah. Have you ever signed an NDA? Yeah. Oh, haven't you? Like what Tuesday? No. For like a, I know you can't talk about it, but not for like business.


I've, I've never signed an NDA, I don't know Shake said yes. Yeah, I mean I've signed a couple, but like for like guys I don't even think deserve them. Like YouTube guys, I'm like be so fucking for real right now. You signed N Day for me babe. No. Have you fucked someone that does YouTube? Multiple? I shot my own channel. No, wait, but you've never fucked taper do brick. Have you? I'm taking out my sunglasses for this. Ew. Okay. Are you fucking me? My eyes, my eyes are like, where am I? Okay, Wait my eyes like where am I? Wait. Yeah, where am I? Okay, that's, You thought I fucked David do brick. No, no, I'm outta here.


Can we keep that in? What is the weirdest thing that someone has asked you to do in bed? You know, what is the weirdest thing? I probably the weirdest thing A guy's anything ass related. This one guy got on all fours and he was arching his back and I was eating his ass out. I didn't love that for me. You loved that for him. Also, there was this one guy that had the extension bar. I told you about this. No, this fucked me up. Talk about it. No go. I'm gonna talk. No I'm not. This is the hog tie was fucking light work.


The hog tie was not even the part I, this part of the story, I didn't even like explain. This guy had an extension bar and he had shit like, I hope you can see this right now. He had like the clanks here and the clanks on each ankle. And there was a bar in between my legs. And if you move your legs like another inch, you can't go back in. So if you move your legs another inch, you can't go back in. So I was in like the splits for like three and a half hours. And I swear to God I was on the flight back from la like cross-eyed dislocated. Let me just say this. Halle and I are sitting next to each other in LA having a cocktail.


Be besties. We're whispering sweet. Nothings to each other. No, like I love you. I'm asking her just about her escapades. And she starts talking about this machine essentially that She, it was giving Home Depot PR hall. It's like a curtain rod between her fucking legs. But there's a spring. And when you said that, so are you, is this happening when you're getting fucked from behind? No. So like I was on my back in the hog tie. That's what, that's what made it crazier was the hog tie was in front and I felt like a chandelier at one point. I, yeah, He put the bar over his neck at one point and then flipped me over.


It was like, you can't move your legs. I, I thought I pulled a hamstring, Alex, I thought I was needed PT after this. Wait, what? I had recently watched the Wait, what do you watch Jake Gyal show? No. Oh, you thought I was about to say I got a video of its sentence. I was like, I wouldn't be shocked. No, I, while she was explaining this to me, had watched the Jake Gien Hall show, if any of you had watched it, it's like presumed innocence and the girl is murdered and she's wrapped up in a hog tie. So a, aside from a hog tie, what is like a weird thing? Like a weird thing that would make like Hallie Batchelder be like, that definitely was on the Richter scale of like weird that a man has done To me.


I mean, nothing makes me blush, but this one thing made me fear for many lives. I'm not gonna lie. Like this man was love bombing the absolute fuck out of me in a way where I was like aware it was happening. But there was one night he called me and he always would call me, spend two hours on the phone talking about fucking nonsense. I, I don't know what the fuck he's talking about. I'm trying to go to bed or order Uber Eats. I don't know the fuck you're saying. So he called me up and he's like, I wrote a short story about you. And I'm like, oh my God. Like trying to be like so cutesy and like interested. What was it about? He is like, I wrote it about you and like you were my muse.


And I was like, I've never been a muse before. Right? Like, tell me everything. I'm like, tell me everything. Every fucking detail. This story was basically like this random girl gets set up with this guy that works on a ranch and they go on a first date. It's a blind date. And like he like teaches people how to shoot a gun. And she's like, I'm scared of guns. Anyways, she's like, whatever. They continue dating and she keeps using the gun to like masturbate, to like fuck herself with the gun. She's like popping her pussy with the gun while he goes to work. Okay.


And I was like, okay, this is a really good story. So he is like, yeah, like then she uses the gun, it's like a rifle to pop her pussy, go to work, blah blah. Anyways, where is this going? One day the end of the story was, he walks in 'cause he forgot his wallet or something and she's like using the rifle to masturbate and accidentally shoots her whole fucking head off. Like I go, that's so sweet.


What? I'm like, we're so in love. So I'm like, this girl blows her brains out and I'm, I'm the muse. I'm like, what? I'm like, I've never even talked about masturbating with this guy, but all of a sudden I am popping my pussy with a rifle. Dude. Isn't that fucking insane? I feel so Like he walks in and like, it's like he like, she's like, oh my god. And he walked in like, like what? Here's the thing, I do feel like life is about how you handle moments.


And I do feel like of any woman in the world, for a man to share that kind of short story, you are the type of person that could maybe handle it better than another woman. Because like some bitches would just literally start like crying on the phone being like, why would you tell me this? But you're like So sweet baby. I was. I said thank you. Wow. And then when you got off the phone, do you like call your friends or do you just like pick back up your Because that One's, I mean like I can like handle a fucking weird, weird like dirty text or whatever. But like a weird two hour story about like how I blew my head off with a rifle via ma via masturbating.


I didn't really know how to handle. So yes, I called my best friends. I was like, I don't handle this one, I'm about to visit him, whatever. And they were like, honestly period. And I was like, period per let's still do it. I still visited him and I came Halle? Yeah, Halle Alex. No, I couldn't get on that flight. I'm too paranoid. I think he was gonna fucking kill me. I mean your podcast is gonna be fucking insane. You're literally lounging like which story should I tell about him? The hog ties. I wouldn't even consider that bad sex. That was good sex Too. You enjoyed that. I Like that. What Is the worst sex you've ever had?


Worst Or what would you consider bad sex? There was this one guy hooked up with where he had like this weird baby fetish. Oh, like where he thought it was like a doll or like a baby doll. And he was like, oh my pretty little princess, my little girl, my little putty widow princess. And I was like, who the fuck do you think you're talking to? He's like just my puty widow princess. And he'd be tuck in bed and I was like, do you need to be fucking murdered? Because I don't know fuck you're talking to right Now. No. That's the type of shit I'm not into freak Out. Lu, I'm gonna ask you some rapid fire. Okay. Who's The most famous person in your dms? You know this?


You can't say it. You want me to say it nowhere? Or do we wanna let you like hook up with him first and then, yeah, I mean I don't want people to hook. I mean like there's a lot of famous people on my dm. How Do you handle that? Do you like that? No. Well, I mean they're all fucking weirdo losers. I feel like as of growing up, I feel like I'm like, oh, it'd be so cool. It's like, fuck a famous guy and then you're like, oh, these famous people are fucking weird freaks. Like Scott Disick. Get outta my dms. No, you weird fucking weird freak. Okay. Have you ever hooked up with your friend's boyfriend? Yeah. Well like it's Memorial Day weekend and like she consent it.


I mean like she was like, suck him sideways. I said I'll suck him diagonal. No. Can I tell the story? We Yeah, you tell the story you tell, But I won't tell who it is. No. Like please tell the story because I wanna tell the story so bad. I think it's hilarious. It shows how close me and Lauren are. She loves this story. Is she okay with it going public? Yes. Okay. So Halle and I are with Lauren and we're with Grayden and I don't know what happened, but we all started talking about sucking dick and then all of a sudden you guys both turned to me and you had this like statistic grin on and you're both like, oh my God, should we show her? And I'm like, show me what? And you're like, let's show her. And Lauren was like, show her. You go, I need another drink before you show me.


And then you took like a massive gulp of a drink and you go, okay, I'm ready. And they pull up their phone and they go, this is a video of Halle sucking my boyfriend's dick. Yeah. And I'm filming it and I'm like, hold on, hold on. Just for context. Daddy Gang. Her Lauren is my Lauren. Like they are best friends. Yes. They do everything together. And how long have Lauren and her boyfriend been together? Four years. Four years? Okay. Yeah. So they show me this video, honestly great work. Like great work by you. I mean I learned from the best. And Halle is, I'm really good at suck dick ass. Wait, don't kill.


No. Why do I cut that? Like, what Is this episode? I keep that in. Anyways, So I watched this and it was a masterpiece. Like it wasn't even like a weird video. It felt like we were all in this together kind of vibe. Like yeah, Lauren was like moving to make sure she was getting the right angle. The boyfriend was having a good time. You were having a good time. Yeah. I think she had a ring light, But But how the fuck do you, and isn't it like now like a yearly thing? Yeah, because she doesn't like to suck Dick. What is this? Well like it's like our inside joke. Like she doesn't like suck Dick. And I was like, oh, we gonna do it for you. And like we're all like really good friends, like Oh yeah. Yeah. She's so confident. Like she's too confident. She's So Hot. She's like, she's so hot.


How many times have you done this? Like before score? Seven years ago. Multiple times. Well Like four times. Like three or four times. And how do these nights begin? They begin with the plant, the seed being planted. It's like, okay, this might happen later, but usually it's always on Memorial Day weekend on Nantucket. Like we go out, we go to crew, we have a couple cocktails, the champagne's flowing and then someone's dick is being sucked. And if it's her boyfriend's, do you leave the room after and she fucks him? Or what is happening? Well, So it started was I wanna watch them have sex. Like I always was curious how Lauren fucked. I've never seen it before. So I like wanted to watch.


I've Never seen it before. So it's like you often see your best friend have sex. I mean, yeah. Yeah. I mean like, so picture this chair in the room. Okay. And they're like fucking on the bed. And I was just kinda like sitting there with like my legs crossed like this and I was like kind of like, like a weird creep. You're literally like smiling like I'm like Cheers. I have like a notepad out. I'm like, all right, this was okay. There You go. How did you feel? Were you at all turned on or were you just like fascinated? I was like turned on, but I was like, no, I don't think I have a three. I don't think I would've a three way with Lauren. Interesting. But you would suck her boyfriend's dick? Yeah, While she watches.


That's Like not that intimate. Like It's not that intimate. I Would never like hook up with Lauren. Interesting. Like I've had many threeway. Lauren could never be in that situation. Why? I don't think she would wanna be in that situation first of all. And second of all, like I think Lauren has too much respect for herself to be involved in whatever situation I wanna be involved with. But she'll let you suck her boyfriend's dick. She honestly looks at it as like me. She's like, oh my God, like he's a good dick. I'm sharing this with my best friend. Oh my fucking God, dude. That's him Confident ass bitch though, to be like, no, it's The most confidence I've ever seen now because She's not even like worried that you guys are gonna like ever do anything behind behind your Back.


Never, never ever. It's insane. She's like, I want this for you. Be, I wanna share this goodness with you because you are my best friend. That's how she looks at it. And does she also say like, and also because you're so good at sucking dick. Yeah. And also she's like, I don't wanna sock So you do It for me. And I have oral fixation. Like I used to bite my nails until I got them done. Wait, really? I had the vape like sucking dick calms me down. That's the promo. That's the title. Who needs Therapy when you have dick?


So you've had multiple threesomes. Many. What is The weirdest threesome you've ever had? The weirdest threesome I ever had. Thank you for asking. You're welcome. It was during Covid. I cut that. You can't say That the way that you start stories, like it was Memorial Day, like the specificity. I like this one girl was hooking up with this guy and I hooked up with three of his brothers. Like, oh, we cut that out, We're at a house sorority and she's hooking up with this guy all day and I, I had a guy at the time and like I had FaceTime sex with this guy in the bathroom. Hmm. So I was like popping my pussy in this bathroom and then I like was done whatever. I came out and this couple is still hooking up and I was like, Hmm, well here now that I'm here, now that I'm aroused and ready to fucking go, I'm ready to fire off.


They were like, why don't you join? I was like, okay. It was like the couch, like the living area of this like small ass Boston apartment. Oh. And they were doing blow, wait, can I say that? Yeah. So they were doing blow and she was like, let's, let's just like, it'd be funny if we like both did blow off his dick. So like one of 'em be sucking, one of 'em be doing blow suck, blow suck, blow suck, blow the whole rotation. This girl ultimately like takes off all her clothes and then she starts like riding this guy and then I sat on his face and then we swap, swap, swap. And there was like the human centipede situation reverse. Did you enjoy that moment? Like did you actually have fun?


Yeah, builds Character. What is the biggest lie you've ever got caught in? I didn't give you chlamydia. I did. I did though. Okay. What is your favorite sex position? You know, I would say on top it's quickest and easiest and gets them outta my apartment quickest. You get those new tits, it's gonna be quick, You know, you're like pow, pow, pow, pow, pow. But I also like doggy, but guys do not like to have doggy with me because there's not much recoil going on. It's like a negative recoil.


It's like putty. It's like Play-Doh. What? 'cause the tits are in the front and there's nothing in the back. I thought I would get fake tits and distract from my like lack of ass. It's like putty ass. Have You ever been in love? Absolutely not. What's your most controversial opinion? Do you think Anal is pleasant? What If you're hooking up with someone 10 times? How many times are you doing anal of those? 10 times. I mean I've probably had more anal at here. No stop. We can wait. You're like you're hitting the anal train. I mean I'm a good Canada, I don't like food, so like there's only in me.


Can you see that? Have you ever gone back to front and gotten a kidney infection? Yeah, I think I have a UTI. I think I have UTI on my LV right now. Are you Able to come from anal? Depends who you ask. Oh wait, what? I dunno. Who have I faked it for? 10 times of sex. How many times are you faking your orgasm? Usually Not. I'm actually really good at finishing. Do You use a vibrator? It's it's like my superpower. No, I just use them as a dildo with a heartbeat. Usually it's just me on top actually riding into the sunset. And then whatever you wanna do with me after is Are you often making eye contact during sex? Yeah, it helps me.


It does? Yeah. I couldn't tell if you'd be someone that's like, I'm not gonna go deep emotionally. It depends How ugly they are, honestly. Okay, let's talk about your podcast. Okay. Extra dirty. It comes out tomorrow. Yes. How do you feel about it? I'm excited. I just feel like I wanna get some unhinged shit. Yeah. Online again, we gotta bring that back. So I'm excited to actually tell a good fucking story. Yeah, there's no censorship, There's no one, there's, I need no censorship. I'm excited for you to talk about your life because I feel like the fact that you have garnered such an audience already and people love your debriefs and like everything about your life, but you're right, like it's so tiny the amount that you're able to give because of how salacious your stories are on TikTok.


Yeah. You are giving like bite-size information and people are loving it already. And so I feel like the concept of you actually being able to sit down for like an hour at a time and give debriefs that are, there is literally nothing that you can't say. No one is telling you like Halle, that's too much Halle. That's not enough. Like you can say whatever the fuck you want. It's kind of exciting. I'm very excited. It's gonna be really good. It's also be like a breath of fresh air. I feel like a lot of people are so filtered just online in general. Yeah. Even if it's like, not like a salacious story, whether it's it just like pointing out your flaws. Yeah, I really wanna get into that and just like have like a true life online experience. Have you ever felt like you overshared too much on the internet?


I overshare all the time. I mean I've overshared to you. Yeah, like you, you're like okay. Do you ever regret it or no? With you or online? Both. No, it's just like what makes me me, I overshare and like I feel like that's a real life experience to be oversharing. It sucks and you're gonna deal with like the repercussions in the morning, but then fuck you get through it and honestly it builds character. There is nothing I'm more excited for than your show. It's gonna be so fun. Truly. Every Thursday, Hallie Batchelder coming to you live extra dirty. It's gonna fucking happen. And by the time this is out, Daddy Gang Halle show is coming out tomorrow on Thursday and we will be in New York City partying and celebr celebrating.


I love you. Thank you for coming on and spilling your secrets. And now let's go to dinner. I love you so much. Love you.