
What is up. Daddy Gang. it is your founding father. Alex Cooper With Call Her. Daddy Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Hannah. Berner. Welcome back to Call Her. Daddy. This Is incredible 'cause you did not have to have me back. No bitch. You did not have to. No, I was just thinking about this. I think you, Lauren and Harry are like The. most reoccurring guests I've ever had on Call. Her. Daddy I've never had. Well That was my only goal in life. I Know, I know. We're was To be a regular on Call. Her, Daddy and I was like, but this, I do have to say it feels like a family reunion whenever I come on. I know everybody that's not watching. So Hannah texted me and she told me that she wanted to give me a heads up that she would be wearing Jorts.


Out of respect. Out of respect to which I said thank you because that does shift the energy completely. I'm gonna be honest, when I think of Jorts for women, I think of Jorts that are just like kind of the color of like my jeans. Like What's like stassy wearing like hot? Yes. Cute yards. Yes. Yeah. We didn't go that direction. You walked in. I said these more look more like floods where like your pants are literally just like too short for you. I Look like I stole a kid's pants and put them on. But Hannah, I'm gonna have to get a video of you because to be fair, do you Guys have video on this pod? This is the game. Fuck you. This is the camera I, I love how I like thought for five seconds. You're being serious. I was like, yeah, wait, look into the camera. Well also, this is the thing about me that I learned in college. I have a long torso and nubby legs.


I didn't know that. I didn't know I had short legs until someone told me. And then my whole world shifted. Who The fuck told you you short Someone who had, who was jealous of my long torso? 'cause it goes on forever and I've learned to embrace it. A lot of Britney Spears. Wait, was it a woman or a man? It was Definitely like one of my good friends who was like, well Hannah has a long torso and I go. Has everyone been talking about my torso for years? And no one told me. That's like when I was in college and the girl told me that everyone was talking about my banana roll under my butt. Do you know what a banana roll is, Hannah? No. and I don't wanna know. 'cause now I'm gonna be paranoid about what a banana roll is. It sounds Cute. No, I only have one cheek. It's just like a little extra fat under the lip of your butt cheek. And they would talk about how I have a banana roll. So then of course in my most insecure days when I got to New York City, I remember I went to a surgeon and asked, is there a way to remove this little chubba?


You Go during a dark time. During a really dark time. I went to this woman and I asked her, can you slice it off? And she's like, sweetie, it is not a big deal. A banana roll is one of those things that is girl on girl crime. No man has ever been like, whoa, I'm the fucking nut girl. She got that banana roll thing. Thank you Hannah. Because you know what, more to love a little extra. Oh it's just like a labia. An extra big labia. Yes. Yes.


This episode of Call Her Daddy is presented by Azo. Caring for your intimate health issues is completely normal and should be treated as such. The Azo brand has a range of products designed to help balance your vaginal pH and protect your vaginal health. Visit azo products.com and save 20% with the code podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


This episode is brought to you by Botox cosmetic on a botulinum toxin. A did you know Botox cosmetic has been FDA approved for over 20 years. But here's the cherry on top. Botox cosmetic has an official loyalty program called Alle that is spelled A LLE. It's totally free to join and it's accepted at over 24,000 practices across the country. With Ali, you can earn points for Botox cosmetic treatments and get access to exclusive offers. There's even one going on right now to see if you're eligible for the offer and savings on your next Botox cosmetic treatment. You can visit botox cosmetic.com/chd. Talk to your specialist to see if Botox cosmetic is right for you. For prescribing information and box warning, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0 intended for us audiences only.


This episode is brought to you by Stars. The serpent queen is back. Bitches. Emmy and Oscar nominee Samantha Morton returns as Catherine EDI who has recently been anointed Queen Regent of France and she's going to rule the throne her way. Listen, it is giving Royal family meets Breaking Bad. It is so fun to watch a woman be feared And Samantha Morton is so good at this role. I'm obsessed. This season is bringing the chaos. It's gonna be a wild ride. But you know what? It feels good to be bad. Don't miss the season premiere of the Serpent Queen July 12th. Only on Stars and The Stars app.


The last time I saw you was on tour Iconic. My tour and I. Remember when I was sitting down creating my guest list and Boston was the opening? I was like, first of all, I was just shitting my pants and I was even doing a live tour and I was like, who? I need someone I'm gonna feel so comfortable with that will like lights out, kill it. So if I fail, if I freeze, if I fuck up, this person can just like take the thing and run with it. I also feel Like you knew that I would never be judgy. Yes. Like if we failed, we failed together. Absolutely. And we would make fun of ourselves. If I was cringe, you would be like, you did, you did good there we can work. Like you would be honest with me but you wouldn't like make me feel bad. Yeah, you would just be like, I've got you. I'll come to the next fucking show. Be be there. I really felt like a teammate. I felt like I got called up to the majors just to like vibe for a sec.


So Hannah comes on tour with me, we open in Boston and I will never forget You walk out. Actually you didn't walk out. Hannah starts doing the worm and although I think you like were Did you do the worm or did you chest bump the ground and bounce back up? It was Okay. That's, that was an attack. Okay. That was, that was an attack. I've risked my life for you. I risked my whole body. My lower back was fucking killing me from the flight. Anyway, we'll talk about that later. But then it's so loud from the cheering we can't hear each other. This is What we need to get into because No, this is, okay. So when you think of standing on a stage in front of thousands and thousands of people, you're already like, Ooh I'm, I'm getting anxious. I'm gonna shit my pants. Literally you guys, I could not hear a word that Hannah was saying.


No, I couldn't Hear what I was saying either. So Picture this, I'm asking Hannah something about like dating. Yeah. And all I remember is you start speaking and I read your lips and you say bondage. Yeah. and I am literally like, where the fuck is she going with this? And then the crowd is laughing. But I have no idea what you're saying. So I start fake laughing. I'm like, so I, you Were like laughing at parts that like weren't really the right part. So I could tell And you had like a little fear in your eyes and I was, I just go, I'm like I need to start monologuing 'cause we're not going back and forth here. So I would monologue and then like give it to you. But like we were fighting for our life in the best way. Like the high was incredible though. It was insane. It was good energy, it was perfect.


And now you're here and you have a fucking Netflix special. Like it's crazy. We're gonna talk about the Netflix special a little bit later because I wanna go through it all shelf it. But first we're just gonna have a good combo because let's Get Silly. I just wanna get silly with you and I have so many things that I'm thinking about for like the summer girlies that are listening. I think we have a lot to talk about. Yeah. First and foremost because maybe if someone hasn't listened to our previous episodes, could you just share from your recollection it's okay if you don't remember. Yeah. Like what are some of your like best color daddy moments? I have to say first time, you know, I'm gonna say sleeping with the mascot. I didn't expect to go as viral as it did. I didn't either Shout out Bucky Badger, you little Animal in the bedroom.


Like I go to Wisconsin and girls will be like, I fucked Bucky too. Like it's become a Yeah, Hannah fucked the mascot if you're reading the ma consensual clues, she fucked the mascot. But it was me like flexing for a minute and be like, yeah, like my type of professional athletes. And you were like, I'm the closest thing I've ever come to fucking athlete is the motherfucking mascot of the college team. No, the funniest thing though was that Before him I was with the like six, eight studly football guy that I thought everyone wanted, but he like wanted me to go to bible study. He has CTE, so I don't know how he read a Bible and he was just like, so not my type, but I thought I should like him of course. And then instead I, I liked Bucky but the funniest thing about Bucky, which I don't know if I even fully explained, was that like he rejected me in the end.


Like he was one of those like guys who you're like, oh I'm doing like a Make-A-Wish. Right? And then he hurts you more than anyone. You're like make it. I Make, I go, this was a, what the fuck? Like one of my most embarrassing moments was I got drunk. Okay. I remember I was going there for the summer and I was so excited to see him like you know when you're playing music just like yeah. Dreaming of all the moments you guys are gonna have together. Music, video. I was like, I have a boyfriend this summer, I have a boyfriend and I got drunk and I went up to him at the kk, the bar where he was the manager. I know he was the Mascot and the Manager. No I know he was like double life but Like Hannah, Montana, No jaw. Anyway, so No jaw. Yeah. So I was like, this is gonna be easy. Like we can do this. Shout out. He dms me sometimes.


I love you. I'm not lying. You know that There's no jawing. You're saying it's like just Let's say he wasn't studly but he was funny and nice and I was like, Hannah, this is what you need Hannah. And then I go up to him now this was very specific for the time. Okay. I go, we don't have to be Facebook official, but like you can date me. Don't hear from him for two weeks. And To the point where like I go out And like you know when you can't enjoy the conversation with your friends, right? 'cause you're just like this literal mole out of a man who's running around. Like skipping as a mascot is not responding to me.


Dude, those things make you grow. They and we, me and him laugh about it now and he's like, honestly I was young, I was scared. Whatever it was, he really Regrets it to this day. What is Bucky up to now? Sorry Bucky. But looking Now like your early twenties, it's so chaotic and I feel like we, the girls are trying to establish like a nice connection with a guy. Yep. Guys are trying to like show off for their friends. We want two different things. How did any relationship ever work out in your twenties? It's impossible. It's literally impossible. I'm sorry, I just have like a visual view. Like what sport was he the mascot for again? All The sports. Oh Jesus. A who, what? How did he have the what? He's friends With the hockey Guys. Okay. So I'm picturing you showing up to one of the games that he's got his full like mascot duty on.


And are you like walking past the mascot? Like do you know what I mean? You're like trying to make eye contact with the guys. There's eight Guys who are mascots and You. Don't know who's the mascot that day. So you'd see him rub his dick. I no literally, I like give him a little tab. I'd be like, oop wrong ma around Bucky. Sorry Hannah. So I would just hope you know it was him and I would look at him and his beaty little eyes and Then he is like, fuck off bitch. And you're like, oh sorry you're not him. Sorry. He, you're like, can you quickly show me your chin? Nope. Not you Also, I don't wanna sledge shame myself, but you know how you block stuff out. I actually made out with another Bucky, so I hope he is not jealous if he's Listening through and through. She's always been a mascot Lover. I ran through the mascots, ran at least a light jog.


I would say. Let's talk about drinking. Yes. What are you doing this summer? Are you raging? Are you keeping it chill? Are you sleeping in your bed like and getting in bed at seven? Like what's our vibe? Good Question. So I actually have never been a good drinker. Oh. Like I in college wanted to be a good drinker. Like I would, we'd be pre-gaming and I'm like, okay, let's get fucked up. and I would, I was always the younger, one of the like tennis teams and I just remember getting pulled to the side by like one of the girls and being like, Hey, can I talk to you for a second? You're at a 12, everyone else is at a four. We need you to calm down. Yeah, no. So then I would be like, oh I thought we were, I thought we were getting drunk. Okay. And then I would like start getting tired and then I, at one point the night I'd be at a four and everyone else is blackout and then I get sleepy.


So I'm like the worst. I'm just not a fun drinker Like are you, if I took you to dinner tonight, would you be like doing two cocktails and no Or are you not even having a cocktail? I, the thing is I don't need a cocktail ever. I'm an eater, but like if there's a celebration I'll do one. You're doing it. If someone's peer pressuring me like well I'll do it. Yeah. Yeah. Like I respect the effort of a good peer pressure. I do have to say after reality TV and I stopped getting paid to drink. Oh I stopped drinking. I basically was like, there's so many days that you're there. The cameras go up and they're like, okay we're having a theme party. And you're like, oh my God and I, I don't like theme parties. and I don't like partying. Me either. Okay. I, I hate a theme party. I hate, I hate a group of people that I don't know.


And you like the last time I blacked out was on reality tv. But if you black out, you have to, during the parties, the only way you could get your mic off is if you jump in the pool. So if I'm ever in the pool, that means I'm blackout floating around, just like farting in the pool. Just hoping that they don't ask me to have a conversation. 'cause they'll be like, Hannah, come up And like fight with this person. I'll be like, I'm in the pool, I can't get out. Hannah. Oh. So I got in big trouble once. Why? So the first thing they say, they're like, the only rules are like if you're gonna go in the pool, take off your mic. That's the only rule. And they treat us like we're kindergartners at a summer camp. They'll be like, I'll be talking to someone. Like I, don wanna go in the pool and they'll be like, Hannah, if you wanna go to the pool, let us know first so we can take off your mic.


oh my God, are you gonna go in the pool? I'm, I don't, I'm hungry. I don't go to salami. So like they're just dealing with like toddlers. So then at one point I decided to do like a sprinting cannonball 'cause I love attention. And I was like, guys watch this. and I start running. I do a cannonball, I land, I get up, everyone's looking at me like I just drowned their baby. No. Everyone's like, and I'm standing there and I'm like, was it bad? Was it bad? The mic, mic guy, audio guy starts running knees up like Olympic sprinting towards me, hops in the pool. And like yanks me out and he like takes it off me. And like Huff, Huff Puffs leaves. And they're like, okay, he's really mad at you.


And he, I'm sorry it's a Mic path. Apparently they're like really expensive and the mic person like it's their own mics. Oh Fuck. So you little piece of shit. So he was like this dumb drunk bitch and I remember like seeing him the next day and being like, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I was a little bit drunk. And we laugh about it now, but like I was never more scared of my life. Whiskey dick. Oh my goodness. I haven't had like, well I guess I'm trying to think back to like college I feel like was like whiskey Dick Central. Have you have ever had like a weird experience with Whiskey Dick? So as an Italian we call it Aldente Dick. Oh my God And I. That needs to be normalized. You know exactly what I'm talking about.


It's like a little hard but it, it's A little hard. But you are not, it's not good. Okay. You're not gonna give it five stars on Yelp. I Actually hate Aldente. Is that like criminal to the Italian? So That's like people fuck up the pasta and just go, it's aldente. And I'm like, no Hele fucked it up. It's Stale. Same thing. Same Thing. Or just like ma the macaroni that like you put in the microwave. That's like guy's dick sometimes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The smushing of a guy's dick into your vagina. People don't talk about it enough because then how does it also feel? So not good when it's so innocent, but just feels Like when I used to be fucked up in college and I would like see that he clearly had whiskey dick and he's like, no I got this, I got this, I got this.


And he is doing the whole thing. Yeah. There even if I had literally taken a bottle of tequila to the head. Yeah. There is nothing that sobers me up faster. Yeah. Than being like, oh just put it, what the fuck are you doing? And then all of a sudden I'm completely sober and I see his little weenie and you're dried up. It's just, I think let's give advice to the Daddy Gang the next time that Willie takes your pants off. And Little Willie is aldente as Hannah Berner like to say. And he, you want him to have a little cream sauce coming out. These Dicks are like cats sometimes where it's like, what if you want it to get to come to you? Like they won't come.


You know? Like, you know, it gets so mental. Like you're playing all these games. You have to like not look at it and pretend You don't want it. And you know when he, you Know what I'm saying? Because he'll be like, don't like don't look at me right now like I'm, it's happening. And you're like, are you don't, don't ask about like so you have to like look away And like don't be intimidating and don't put pressure on him. It's like a whole thing. If People would wear a shirt that said Dicks, you would need merch that say Dicks are like cats or cats are like dicks. What the fuck Hannah. I guess you're kind of right. We have to normalize that sex is not good a lot of the time. and I love talking to you about it. 'cause I feel like you've shown women that they can have the sex they wanna have.


But I also know just from numbers, just from girl math, you, with all those good experiences you have had to have some of The most horrible experiences in bed to get there too. Hannah, It's almost like if you had to count the bad, I would be able to count the good orgasms I've had on my hand over the bad. Like every experience I guess I would consider up until the age maybe of until I met Matt and maybe a couple stragglers. Bad. Bad. And that is iconic for everyone. Take notes on what you just said. No. And I, you know what I, it's interesting. I was doing an episode the other day and I was saying how like Matt and I go through periods of like, oh we're, we haven't had sex in a week. Like we and I was like, oh my God, I bet people are gonna be like freaked out to hear that from me because I'm just being honest.


Like we get so fucking busy and even if we're in the same house, we're not traveling traveling, we're in the same house. We're so fucking busy. The reality is we go through these lulls where we're like, fuck, people Get too busy to break up. It's very easy to be too busy to have sex. Please, Please. You Know that couple that they're like, he has a meeting tomorrow and then like I'm going to Italy and I just don't. And then his mom's bus, I just can't. And then it's his birthday and I know what you mean? oh my God. I've done this with my brother so many times where I was like, well I can't break up whether they're here and then I can't break up you're here because I already invited her. I'm like, what the fuck? He's Like don don't wanna do it on the phone. And then like she's coming. But like you're So right. oh my God. I didn't even think about that. People have plans that they're gonna break up and then they just never do it. Life gets In the Way. So sex gets not like put on the back burner and you're so right. The amount of times that it has hurt that I have not had an orgasm and I faked it.


The amount of times that they thought they were gonna make me squirt and I was really just bleeding. Wait that hit me late I was like, oh right. You're like whoa, whoa, whoa. And then you literally are just like blood, like you literally just high logs inside of my fucking, I was so traumatized in college. One of my friends who was older was like sitting on the floor outside the bathroom and just in college and I went upstairs. I was like, are you okay? And she's like, just never do anal. And I was like, why? And she's like, I've been leaking for five hours and to that day I've been scared. Like, but that's girlhood. You know that is like the scene from the fucking ring. Like the girl just Being like her head was down, she was just anal. She's like, I can't move.


My body's leaking. I'm like, what's coming out? She's like, You don Know. Have you ever done anal? Okay. I attempted it once in the shower, which is wait, Wait, I don't know. Don't do sex in the shower period. Water Is not lube. Water is not lube. It will be bloody don't. My friend told me like, it is so fucked up. You Tried anal in the shower. I don't know. 'cause I guess I was thinking like, oh my, my butt's clean and whatever. It was so painful. I also wanna talk about, okay, there's so many sex things that you try to do that you don't like everyone lost half their virginity, right? Absolutely. People don't talk about the half virginity When people the, because it's the movies. Like he took my flower.


No, he literally grazed my lip and then I was in pain for like he goes in Like a tiny bit comes out and then you're like Virginity. And then he tries to push it more and you're like, no. And then you're like, It's gonna be like, No, I do like a whole bit about losing your virginity. Oh yes. I'm trying to normalize all the experiences girls have and doing these shows in front of thousands of girls and them laughing tells me, oh we all like lost our virginity. And then he was like, did you come? And you're like, unless the blood everywhere was come, I don't know what just happened. and I don't wanna do that again. Thank you. And then he's like always accidentally hits your butt hole during doggy and you're like, what is going?


And your butt hole is like has the refluxes of a ninja and we'll be like, Don Don't touch. Like It's, there's so much stuff and I have to say for all the younger girls, like my cousin was like going off to college and I was just like, I Just wanted to hold her because everyone has bad experiences. I mean it's so hard. I remember once there was this guy who was like so hot. 'cause that's a problem. The hot ones does not mean the rest of it is gonna be okay. If Anything it's worse. If anything it's worse. 'cause girls have not taught them. They're untrained. I remember he was like trying to touch me and I just wasn't good and I didn't like his vibe and he like I could, I could smell cigarette on his breath. Yeah. and I just remember being like, Ooh, I can't deal with cigarettes. And he's like, what are you talking about?


I'm like, Ooh, I just, I don't like cigarettes. and I just like kept running and he kept chasing me around. I'm like, mm. The cigarette thing, I don't like it. But You know that's just like turning him on more that you're being like now good. But then just throw astrology at them. Just be like, hmm, it's giving, I'm a Libra. You don't get it. It's just a, it's a Libra thing. Like I'm an I a Libra. So true. But just say it like I literally have a bit about that I didn't put in the special where I'm like guys hate cats and astrology. So just look at 'em and be like, my cat's name is collide and his rising's Aquarius. He'll be like, okay nevermind. Thank you. Check please. Hannah, you are weaponize astrology to get him away from you. Weaponize astrology. Not write that shit. No. Do it.


Use our knowledge of what they're afraid of. We're afraid of getting murdered. They're afraid of astrology. Use your weapon. No, we ride at Don. Go watch on Netflix now. Mother fuck. How much does that say about our fucking world? We're afraid of getting murdered and men are afraid of astrology. I'm gonna go fuck my life goes. She says she's a Leo. Like don. Don't trust her. I'm Like don. Don't trust him because From many reasons I'm obsessed with you. I missed you so much. No, I love you Dad. These are like the conversations. All I wanna do is make you laugh. No, I'm I my face is hurting.


This episode is brought to you by Missouri. You know I had a thought the other day. Since Rwanda jewelry becomes something we only bought on special occasions, Missouri approaches fine jewelry a little bit differently. Each one of their pieces is handcrafted by jewelers committed to quality craftmanship as well as ethical and sustainable jewelry production created by women for women. Missouri is breaking down barriers in what has long been an exclusive and occasional category of men buying for women. In 2020, the brand launched the Missouri Empowerment Fund in support of higher education for underrepresented women and non-binary individuals. Because fine jewelry doesn't have to cost the world. Feel good about your jewelry in more ways than one. Start stacking your favorites. Shop online or visit the website to find a store near you.


This episode is brought to you by Tylenol. Why am I excited to be partnering with Tylenol? You may ask because I know and they know that greatness hurts. When I was playing soccer in college, I had muscle cramps or I pulled one of my hamstrings to be great. You have to push yourself to limits that sometimes can hurt. Greatness hurts. So Tylenol will be there with care to help you keep chasing it. Tylenol provides pain relief for the champion in all of us. It's the number one doctor recommended brand of pain relief and fever reduction. That's Tylenol, that's care without limits. Visit tylenol.com/greatness. Dash hurts to learn more. Use as directed.


Quick question. What do you think about retired athletes? You're like, put them behind the bar, put the bed, put them behind the bar, put behind bars. Or just take them out to a field and end it all. Honestly it's, I think they at our age, we're dealing with them now. Hannah, I hate to say it. I actually think they could be more toxic than the ones in the league. Yeah, but oh please extrapolate. So get my diagram out for me please. I'm like, I have a fucking whole power boiler you just pulled out like a laser project comes down. So here's the thing.


Although they don't have like that fight in them technically as much anymore in terms of like they're on the road, they've got the road beef. Like yeah. They're like, Ooh, my Kansas road beef. They now have like less to lose where like a lot of guys, although they're protected sometimes they're like, Ooh. But when I get in chuggable than I can't play tomorrow. Yeah. I feel like retired athletes are now just in this like sedated state of just like entitlement but no purpose. And so they dangerous so they can hone in on you and just be like, you are my purpose. And I'm like, no, no, no, no. Get away from me. And they become psychotic. I lived across from one, I can't even start. No, I can't tell the story because he's literally The most ill person on the internet. He's so scared. And he basically was The most psycho person I've ever met in my life.


And I was like this, I'll tell you after. But it was one of the scariest moments. However, athletes are scary too. Because you know what? I'm in New York City. This is actually not that long ago. It was like towards the end of my New York days. And I am hooking up with this hockey player. It's one night I, we had followed each other on social media. We met in college a couple times. I had maybe sucked his penis once. That was kind of it. It was just a casual, an appetizer, A palate clean. No, no. This was not a palate clean. This dick is so fucking scary and large and curved. No, I hate that. So I like the curve book. The curve was fine for a blow job, but it went, it's either left or right.


I can't remember. Okay, so I'm in New York City. I run into a meta club immediately. I'm like, he's one of the hottest people in the NHL. I'm like, you're so fucking hot. Let's fucking do this. But I'm convinced he has a girlfriend. I'm like, wait, isn't your Instagram like full of this? Like girl that is like your girlfriend. And he spends the entire night convincing me that they're not together. And I'm like, but like what? Like why? Like I just know athletes. But that's When athletes are good at sales. They go into sales after. So fucking they all come fucking coco sail. So fucking true. He, I'm like, but any also, I'm not an idiot. I've dated athletes before. Any fucking athlete. The minute you're done with someone, you delete all the fucking pictures. You don't need to prove that you have a hot bitch on your arm. Like you're not a fucking loser. Like you're good. So I get super drunk and then I'm like, you know what?


He's so fucking hot. I'm gonna, ugh. I can't even say out loud. I'm gonna trust him. Ew. Disgusting. Alex. We go back to his place, we start having sex. Let go. Let God just, let's do it. I'm sure she's not your girlfriend anymore. I choose to believe this man. After like three hours we go back and his curved penis comes out and we start having sex. And a blowjob was one thing. 'cause his mouth can do great things. This curved penis is so large. Hannah, I start bleeding. I am in so much pain. and I just kind of stop it. I leave. Two months later he's engaged. How the fuck did this man explain blood on? Because it was either a murder or a girl Gotter period.


Okay. You know? No. You wanna know what's even worse. As I'm deciding to leave, his drunken friend comes in to tell him that he has to be up for a brand deal the next morning. And the lights are all on as I'm getting my clothes together. Murder scene. Hannah. I thought it was a little bit of blood. His sheets are just Yeah. Red everywhere. Yeah. And now this man is married to this woman. So praying for you. Praying For her. Like it's just sad. Yeah. Like they're little pieces of Shit. Yes. I did. You, there's this thing going around on TikTok. Oh, I wanna give the guy credit. This guy basically said that he realized and he's like, I gotta tell all the guys this. 'cause we didn't know. Do you know when girls say I want you to come, it means they want you to stop.


Like they want you to be done. Like I thought they were into it. Whenever you go, can you come and meet? I want you to come. oh my God. Can you? We are so big. Can you come right now? She's done. She's already thinking about what she has to do that night. She is thinking of her chores. She's texting me, All the girls in the room nodding, nodding. And like, And the guy was like, wait, men did not know that. and I'm like, you think we just like, we're like, you know, make this better. Like come for me. Yeah. We're saying we want this to end Hannah. I've done it many times in my life. Everyone's done it. It's so sad. The Second I start talking in the bedroom, it's not 'cause I like dirty talk. We're sweet and all the bras. Okay, we have shit to do.


I have emails. Mom has to work. Okay. Hannah mom has Pilates. This Is so fucking accurate and terrifying. And I, you always say your dick is big. That means I'm like, let's see. I'm like, oh my God. You're so big. Like come for me. Come for me. Come for me. Come for me. Come for me. And literally if, and it's usually in doggy. And when you're in doggy, you know, if you're face to face, you like, come for me. When you're a dog, you're Lily is come for me, come for me. Your face is literally like, I will murder It does you Do you know when you ever sarcastically S like roll. You're like, okay. He like that. Okay. You're smiling. He's like losing his mind. And you're like, okay, let's just Hannah Girl's. That's girlhood.


Is it hot in here? No, I just sweat profusely all The time. I'm sweating too. Is it? Is it a little hot? I get so hot in here. Always sweat. I'm sweating. Are you Sweating? I'm always sweating. Hannah. Imagine me on my wedding. I was literally like, why did I fucking chew Tropical? You always blows me every day with my sweat and I. I'm thankful for it. Okay, but you don't get spray tans do you? No, I do. So I'm literally leaking orange at all times. I just had a memory of somehow me finding a YouTube of you being like, bitches, this is how, how you fucking spray tan the best fucking spray tan in the fucking worlds Lopez. And I was like extra dark. I Was like taking notes. I was like, and you were like exfoliate bitches. Lotion. I don't think people understand how pale I am.


Naturally. Look at my skin. Wait, I'm translucent. Have You discussed though, like your evolution of beauty? Oh, Here. No. Should we? I feel like I want to, Oh my God. I don't even know what that means. I feel like it's been like so subtle with you. But like you're not as tan as you were. Oh, I'm getting a spray tan tonight. I go, She goes, you just called me pale to my face. But I don't think you're going as much. I'm Only, I'm only, I'm not. oh my God. I used to really, And I feel like the makeup is is more subtle. oh my God. But like was it conscious or were you just, as you got older you were like, oh I fuck with my face. I relate to, oh, I think you, I saw you saying something about this on your podcast on a clip.


I saw. You know how people are saying, what is it? Eyebrow blindness. Oh yeah. I read blindness and you were like, people are boyfriend blindness facts. I had and I probably still do have eyebrow blindness. If you look at pictures of me from college, it, it started to get scary. Like it was just insane. Huge black. It was, it was too much. But I do think I've reeled it in more. And you, you have blonde eyebrows blonde. So you like to tint him a little. Yes. But blindness can happen with that. It's Also scary because I look back And like I'm convinced when I started at Barstool, I really leaned into the bimbo. Like, yeah. That like, like iconic, like cover art of us.


Yeah. I photoshopped the fuck out of it. and I remember us sitting there together, me being like, Ooh, lips bigger tits, bigger like cinch, Boom, Boom, Boom, face Tune, blindness is such a Thing. It was insane. But back then we didn't have face tune. So I was like using PicMonkey. So I was like on my web browser. Oh in stem. I was, I was literally coding and making my lips bigger. Okay. We didn't un face that. Your so I was like, do do, do code, X, Y, Z, lip bigger, Boom, Boom, plump, plump, plump. Zero one's using worse code. And then when they were like, can you send us another version of just the like the original and I was literally like, no, not only can I not send you the original, I can send it because you're like, no, the one of you guys, it looked nothing like us.


So because of that I felt like I had to live up to this thing. So it overline the fuck out of my lips. I was like doing so much dramatic shit that I was like, I now look back and I'm like, oh my God. I literally looked like a fucking whore. But you know what? Cheers. It made me a lot of money. Well I was gonna say, I was gonna say I've learned like the way you present yourself does a like in this town, it's a thing. And that's why I wear ties sometimes because it's powerful people. Like I'm, hold on. Can you wear ties? I'm trying to make ties a thing. Are You Avril Levine? Wait, what the fuck? When I wore a tie once on giggly squad and it was mixed reviews. She's nodding but ire. You feel So what did you wear it with? Oh, I fully looked like an eighties salesman.


I wore just with like a button down. Like I went full. Like I wanna feel like how a guy feels with a tie, right? You feel, first of all, you mansplain, you start like explaining things you have no idea About. Paige is like shut the fuck up. I sorry, I wasn't even listening. You speaking. I feel like a, there's like a shrill noise. So I the tie, like you feel like you have a dick 'cause it's like hanging around and you and you like you gotta, you gotta make sure it's not like you. Yeah. You gotta keep it in its place. You feel powerful and I, just think a girl with a like you with a tie, it's like Hot. But do you have to wear colored shirt? Because maybe like a tank top with a tie. You can wear a tank top. That is very Avril. Yeah. But like I think it's a go for it. Yeah. I think you, I mean you know her now. You could text her Honest If she is Avil Hannah.


oh my God Melissa. If you're watching this I Hannah, there was nothing funnier in my career maybe than when I was like really kind of like maybe pressing a little too hard. Being like, okay, but Melissa. And she's literally like, do you believe this? Did you start the conspiracy theory? And I'm literally thinking back to my username, like XX oh two two. Then I'm like, I was probably in those chats. No, but You were just speaking for the people. You were To be fair, you were asking the important question. When I was doing my research, all anyone wanted to know was like Melissa. So I was like, okay, what's up Melissa? And she was fun about it. Yeah. But then you can never win because everyone's comment was like, that's what Melissa would say. and I'm like, what the fuck? and I feel bad. I was like, and then I love her though.


She's like, that's like the least of my worries. Like if that's the biggest rumor about me, I'm like that you're dead and then you came back to someone else. You have a body double. I guess that would be kind of cool. Imagine if that was the fucking rumor about you. Honestly I would die for those two rumors. Anybody Do something stupid? I was like, that was a me. That was Melissa. That was Barbara. Barbara again. Ah shit. Barb Realtor and I Would never do something like that. Anna would never Honestly, please start that fucking rumor. Alex is dead. Someone else came back. Okay. You ex Men trying to pick up a penny. Oh my God. Because They're like struggling. How often do you see this? Honestly, I've never seen a penny in the last 10 years. Wait. But like the concept of them like trying do with their like nubby stupid hands.


Where are the pennies? Wait, this is like a new Chappelle room Song. I haven't seen change in a while. Well that was very rich of you. She got This change stuff thing. Spotify's never given me change. Can you pay me in quarters? Next, next quarter I'm fucking dead. And I let this snow chain. There's literally no patties. Not even corners. Fuck. Fuck you. Have you ever stole Just clip that. Honestly. Just clip it away. oh my God. Is it hot in here? God, That was very rich of you.


Everyone got quiet. You're the one that said you hadn't seen a penny in 10 years. Fuck you. Have you ever stolen anything from a hookup place? Apartment? Like a house, apartment. oh my God, anything. My, I have. What did you see? You're like, you're that friend who's like, I wanna tell you a story, but I am gonna ask you first to pretend like I wanna know what have you stolen. AirPods. I feel like AirPods are the easiest thing to steal. 'cause everyone loses their AirPods every day. But I have literally unintentionally stolen AirPods before and I'm like walking through the air airport and I looked out it, it's Impossible to not steal an AirPod But Hannah, then it comes up as their name on your phone. Like you have Jeremy's I like and I. You're what? And I can track you or something. and I Dunno, I don't fuck with AirPods.


I have the old school. I use Delta headphones. What? Oh, you don't, you don't do Delta headphones. I fly you the amount of Delta I could, we strangle myself to death with the amount of Delta headphones. I have nodded up in my bag. I could definitely kill, You know, Small squirrel. Wait, Hannah, with the amount Of unsafe delta headphones, if I have lying around, it would definitely, the whole ocean would, every fish would die with the amount of Delta headphones I have. Wait, wait. I feel like the Delta headphones kind of like don't stay in my ear. Do you wanna check out each other's air canals right now? No. Honestly I think I've ear waxed.


oh my God. Someone handed me, no I don't shower. No, listen to me. Your Intrusive thoughts are so crazy. And they're just coming out right now. I'm getting really hot. So it's starting to get to my head goes, I haven't showered in seven days. I've Been searching for pennies. I can't find them anywhere. I'm like, I'm so rich and I have earwax. I can die. This what? How much one you have? The earwax will find you. I can't, I dunno who to go to. No, Hannah when I was in, this is disgusting. It's actually not. This is important. When everyone get ear checked in. Do you have a worm in your ear?


No I fucking wish. Listen to me. and I would go viral. Listen to me. I'm such a whore for views. I'm like, oh my God. Someone put something in my ear. Listen to me. In college, I always would talk so loud. That's actually natural. I don't know why I'm gonna blame this on my ears. I talked loud, but then I still do. I was like, maybe I need to get like my ears checked and I go. You thought you were deaf? I'm like, maybe it's because I'm deaf you. They're like, it's like you can't Annoying anyone else 'cause you've never shut up. They're like, you're just annoying. The doctor's like, just shut the fuck up. So I go and they're like, oh, we see a little earwax and they do this thing where they like pour it into me, whatever. And it's basically like a honeycomb looked like it came outta my fucking ear. And I was like, holy shit, that's been in my ear. Then I kept talking about it. It's like getting a, what's it called?


Up your butt? A colonoscopy. It's like a colonoscopy for your Ear. Is it? Yes. Yeah. Your colonoscopy for your ear. I'm literally fucking my ear. It's all draining. It's all draining. Okay. And then I could hear like a little better, but really I was just getting anxious because every time I put headphones on, Oh it would Live on the phone. It was gonna be like a rummm and I. So the other day I'm doing this prep and this girl was like, can I give you these air pods? You need to listen in. and I'm literally like, I brought my own. And she was like, no, you have to use these ones because they're connected to the screen. and I literally like literally almost start crying and I literally take it out. And I'm like, are you gonna like, let me keep these.


It's like when someone lends you your, their underwear and you're like, I'm kind of spotting right now. It's just like literal like discharge. You're like, don't look. This is disgusting. Save some egg Bite. No, we're literally vi. But Alex A Q-tip in your ear Better than sex. Said it. I said it. We all were thinking it better than sex Because it's because It's naughty. Like you're not supposed to. I have one better. You're like, this is bad. No, I have one better. What? And it's gonna be so fucking disgusting. and I'm really never gonna recover from this. You know what's better than a fucking Q-tip? A Fake gel XI think all girls, I want us to be secret spies. I want us to break into car doors with our gel X.


Like literally like Hold on one sec. I want this silver. I These are too long. Yeah, this is giving like, I like I can't text right now. I'm at the point where like they've grown out the last amount where I have to like I actually have never gotten fake nails before. And but Is this the longest you go? Yeah. And she put 'em on. I've never gotten full. 'cause I like, I killed the whole family, you know? And you, you break one and you're like, fuck it. Yeah, get out bro. And I was like, how do you get them off? And she's like, oh. It's a whole process. You have to like soak for three days and then you have like, it's a whole Thing. You're like getting Like, I don't have time for this shit. Can I, the other week just took a fucking clipper and just clipped them all off. So they were just straightened Up every day.


I have to fight that urge. It's disgusting. But I have them now. So anyways, pro tip, if you have any ear wax, just take your ECT and scoot it around because the best is you can scoop it out. Because my fear is these Q-tips are just shoving it deeper in. You've seen those videos Hannah? Yes. I have seen those videos. Oh, I remember the ones My favorite moment from Call. Her. Daddy. What? I just remembered it. It was when I said the only way I can orgasm is with my legs straight. And I've never had more of a connection with girls in my life. Hannah, I want you to know that I did end up trying that oddly maybe like a week after we filmed together. Yeah. and I thought of, how do I say this? How do I say this? I thought of you a entire time I was having an orgasm.


I'm like, Hannah, you were Right. Well, you gotta clench. You get to clench. I'm afraid too, if I bend my knees, I will fart. Oh my God. I'm afraid you're like, oh. It's literally terrify you. You're holding doggy. I mean You don't even get me fucking started. No, but yeah, I, I guess I can say I've had an orgasm and I've thought of you, so thank you chairs. Oh, what did I steal? How do we get here? You're what dude did I, I took us off. Delta killed it. Air pods have I stolen? I was dating this rich guy at this point and he was pissing me off. I knew we were gonna Break up when they're rich. Doest count. Did you just say what this It when they're rich, doest count, like, you know like with the big big box store, there's like, I thought about there's taxes. I thought about this for stealing. Well let take you through my thought process. So he was sleeping you.


I drugged him and I The melatonin hit. I finally drugged him. He was out. I am in his apartment and I start to spiral. 'cause I'm like, I'm looking at him breathing and I'm like, he's definitely cheating. And he's definitely being sauce. We weren't even dating, but I'm like, he's cheating with other women, blah blah. So I start to panic and I can't sleep. So I start walking around his apartment and then I get this crazy idea. I'm like, fuck him. I'm gonna fucking take something from this apartment. Like, fuck you. Because you're in a full fight with him at this point in your head. Yeah, but I was gonna say in my head, he doesn't know. He doesn't know. So I start going around and I'm looking at these Rolexes and I'm like, I feel like this is jail because I feel like he's, I feel like I'm crazy that like he would actually call the police on me. And I was like in college.


So I like couldn't handle that. And I was like, I'm not, I can't bail myself out. Even if I was older would've taken the Rolex. But I need to finish college first. I didn't wanna be in juvie, couldn't handle juvie. I couldn't handle juvie at that point in my life. Although a mugshot would be kind of like chic, literally. I just didn't figure out like, what could I get a mugshot for? Yeah. And like, yeah. Yeah. So anyway, so I'm, I'm cruising around and I'm passing by the Roches and I. I finally am like, let it go. Alex, Did you say Roches? Roches watches. Okay, got it. Rolexes, I see the Rolex and I can't afford shit at this point. Then I'm like, okay, can't take that. So I'm looking around, looking around and then finally, this is The most petty thing because it's so stupid and it might as well have been headphones.


Hannah. I find this box that has not been opened and it's a GoPro like, and I look at it and I'm like, huh? I pick it up, I put it in my purse and I fling my purse over my fucking shoulder and I steal this man's motherfucking GoPro. I haul myself a cab. I get home and I put the box on my deck and I'm like, ha, there you go, motherfucker. and I never used the GoPro. and I would look at it and I would, I did nothing with it. I have two things to say. No one's ever used a GoPro. No. Second of all, if a man has a GoPro that is the biggest iykyk I've ever had in men with GoPros, I'm like, he was an athlete.


I'm like, what is he doing with this GoPro? And then I fucked an athlete a couple months later and he had a GoPro on his fucking headboard. And I was like, No wait, that's fucked Off Hannah. He had a GoPro on his fucking headboard. Did you? I was literally Like, did you steal it after You're Like, wait, I love attention. He's like in the shower. I turn it off You go. Is that the government? Hi Daddy. So that's what I stole. Okay. If you wanna steal something though, that's like actually tell pissed them off what? His remote. You're the devil. Ruin his fucking life.


Ruin that man's life. Just take the remote every and he'll always think he lost it in the couch. Somehow Taking someone's remote is probably the meanest thing you could do a person More time that he has now to text you. I'm like, babe, I'm just taking it so you can respond. Like you just keep taking everything from his office. Netflix's just like distracting you from like our connection. He's like, I hate you. And you have to say you don't really know a person until you've seen them in a room trying to find their remote. Fuck take going to a restaurant and seeing how they treat the waiter, hide their remote and see how they act. That is the real person right there. Oh, 'cause you've had it where they're like, what the fuck, what the fuck? Where the fuck? And they're Flipping tables.


You're like, okay, I don't wanna have a child with you. And then the next is you literally just are like, it was under your pillow. Like here you go. It's really not that deep. Well That's the ultimate problem with men And. like they can't even find the thing that you told them where it is, but they're running the FBI, but I'm not. I digress. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Let's just move on. I don't have time to solve those issues.


This episode is brought to you by FP movement. Daddy Gang Fitness and working out can be a struggle. I played soccer in college and when I left I was just like, how do I find the motivation and I think? Something that I've learned is like being easier on yourself and giving yourself some grace. We're also busy. We have jobs, we have lives. What has helped me is like doing it more for my physical health rather than trying to focus on what I look like. If You're really committed to making a change in your life. FP Movement has your back. They're on a mission to support your journey towards fitness, wellness, and happiness with bold and colorful active wear that encourages you to move with confidence. So, Daddy Gang, shop now@fpmovement.com.


This episode is brought to you by Lancome. Okay, Daddy Gang. I have to tell you about my latest discovery. It's hyp nose Drama mascara. I love a good mascara, but it has to be the right mascara. Okay? With Lancomb Volumizing mascara, you get up to 17 times more volume and up to 24 hours of wear. I have used mascara in the past and I'm like, we, I just put this on like an hour ago. Why do I look like I need more? No, no, no, no. Not with Lancomb. It's made with Onyx Black pigments giving an ultra black intensity for dramatic lash look. Plus it's s-shaped one coats lashes from root to tip for extreme, ultra dramatic volume. So you'll be ready to bring on the drama shop Lancomb at Ulta Beauty today.


Do you have any exes that like hate you? Do you have any, are you question on good terms with your exes? Great question. So my therapist told me, oh, that I'm a little, like, I don't talk to any of my exes except British Dave, British Tea. I love British Dave. Shout to British Dave and Angel. So cute. And then there's some who I know don't have good boundaries. Oh. So I blocked them. And one blocked me because he's a bitch. Any man who blocks you, that's an egg. It's so fucking True. 'cause I didn't even do anything to him. And I'm like, oh, my existence and I makes me, I check and he still has me blocked. And I'll be like, she's still that girl.


She's that girl. That's literally The craziest thing to think of. A man, A grown man, a two press Block, Grown up And. like if I was the person he's with right now. and I, if my, I knew my husband had a girl blocked, I would be jealous. Oh. Because I'd be like, what's wrong If you are blocked? He's In love with you. But then I had to blow up on TikTok, so he'd have to block me on TikTok. He's literally gonna, every, now I have to block fucking Netflix bitch. So that's the thing I, I joke about, I don't care what hard times you go to, 'cause I actually, this particular man had did stuff that like, he tried to hurt my career, which like, that's when I don't fuck with that.


So then I was like, I didn't even want a Netflix special. Right? But now I have to. And my friends would joke, 'cause I'd be in Vermont doing like 10 shows I'm dying. And they're like, is it worth it? And I'm like, it's fucking worth it, bitch worth. It's worth it. So I don't, and the thing is, sometimes you get this motivation from anger that's so good. But the best part is when you get to the point that you forgot why you were even mad at them. And then people are like, this is your time. Like, go on Call, Her, Daddy. Drop the name, call 'em out, tell show the receipts. You don't care anymore. Right. You're Literally like, we, but I have a Netflix special. Who is he again? What did he do? You You literally forget. And that's called healing. It's not only is it healing, I'm not like fully healed by any means, but it's close to Healing Hannah.


But think of him getting the email. Do you want to re-up your Netflix subscription? And he goes in to re-up it and your fucking face. No, that's, that's the lady dog moment. Like anywhere you go, you'll have to see me. Do you think any of them would label you a psycho X? It's so funny. The most psycho thing about me is that I avoid confrontation. So I've had so many relationships that had zero fighting. And then one day I would just call them, because I had a talk with my mom, And I'll listen to anything. This angel bitch says one of my worst relationships that like on paper, like everyone was like, this is the greatest thing for you.


And one day I just poured my heart out to her being like, I don't feel good about myself. He's never laughed at one thing. I said, he always walks in front of me by like five feet. oh my God. Like I, he controls everything. Like when I get to see him, all that stuff. and I was young, I was like 26. He was older. And she goes, you're not going to his apartment. And this is like two days ago. She's like, he's the best. She goes, you're calling the phone, pick him up, calling the phone, calling him. You're picking, You're picking the phone to call, You're calling your phone. Pick up, you're picking up the phone to call him. You're, and she goes, the, You're picking up with him. And I was like, I was like, and she goes, I'm sitting with you. We're doing it right now. and I called him and I said like, I wanna end it. And he's like, what are you talking about? He's like, and what, What?


And he I was like, okay. Like I wanna, I, I can't do this anymore. And then another guy was really fucked up. That's a mind fuck. Another guy, which was so fucked up. He was so sweet, so nice. And my I was like 23, 24. And my mom was just like, Hannah, he's not it. And. like, I really liked him. He was so nice. But like I knew deep down that it wasn't right. He wasn't the one who wanted to marry. But he was so nice. Like just so And. like he was great. My mom was like, and she was like, Hannah, you're wasting time. Like just get out of it. We have no issues. I call him. And I was like, I think it was in person. I was like, we have, because once I decide I'm out, you're out. So I was like, we have to break up. And he just looked at me. It was a SAS thing ever. He goes, so I can't like talk to you tomorrow.


Oh And I remember just being like, I'm sorry. Like my mom's a savage and I'm so scared of her and she wants the best for me. And she knows big picture. and I can't waste my time with you 'cause you're kind of a loser. Hannah. Not you blaming your breakup on your mom. You're like, it's my mom's decision. Like you can talk to Lenore, you can tell like, but she's over it. But then I've had times where she, one guy she liked that I wanted to break up with, I waited for her to go on vacation and I broke up with him when she was on vacation. 'cause I wanted her to enjoy her vacation. Comes back, I go, I broke up with him. She was like, How do I like you? I'm obsessed. I think that's like The most fun thing with like, I would say with my mom too, is like, Lori has lived all of my relationships.


Like when I just did an episode about this athlete, she was like, oh my gosh, but you didn't tell the story of this and this and this. She's like, my mom literally goes, you should make it a whole summer series that you do all these stories about him. I'm like, mom, we're trying to not get sued. Mom also like, I'm married, mom, calm down. She's like, but I wrote them all down. I have it in my notebook from your college days when you would call me. I knew you would need these stories one time. Like One fucked up thing. If my mom doesn't wanna fuck him, I don't wanna be with him. and I hate to say it, but it's so true. If your mom is like, he is nice. Nope. I want my mom to be flirty with him. What? I wanna see that she gets excited when this man walks in the room. And that is so disgusting and sick.


But my mom is nodding, listening be like, yep. I want my daughter to be with a fucking hot. Like, 'cause mom, my mom and I are very independent. No, I get it. If we're gonna have a man in our life, they need to be an asset and good to look at Period. And that's on that period. And I do have to say, I tell my mom everything too. Okay. and I posted. 'cause I was so excited to go and color her diet today. And I was like, guys, what? I'm going on a big podcast. Which one do you think it is? and I put like the little thing where people can comment. So like Rogan, My mom goes, Call, Her Daddy. She knows. And I'm like, mom, why Wait? You're like, mom, I was just on the phone with you. She's like, got excited to answer. No, she, She's that girl. I'm obsessed with your mom and I'm just obsessed.


I think it's really nice to be able to like rely on your mom and then also blame your mom for everything. Well there Was, was it Julia, Dreyfus, Louise, Dr. Sorry. She has so many names. Yes, yes, yes. I think someone, I think it was her gave a speech where she was just like, can we listen to older women? Like older women knows so much. They know everything. So it's like you have this asset right. User that is your mother. You came out of her user and Ask a ton of questions and yes. But I know some moms like they, you know, it's not always great. Totally. And then ice her out. Ice Her out. If she's a fucking nice, like literally a narcisso, can I speak and I say speak.


You're like, I'm gonna pick up him and call the phone. It's literally So hot. Really? You knew what I was gonna say though. You knew what I was saying. I threw out. Anyway, so yeah, that's my problem. and I think some guys have been probably a little confused, but I've never, I've never pulled like a crazy moment. Like I have so much pride and it could be insecurity where like, I never want people to think that I, that's what, like, things in my past have annoyed me, where people are like, she's obsessed with him or whatever. Like I, I am never put myself in that position. Right? Because I am prideful and insecure. I get it. So like when people, like guys in the public, I'm like, that man has never made me laugh.


He's like, annoys the fuck outta me. And. like, I just wanna have fun. Right? But isn't it annoying? I hate it. The double standard of like, a man can say that stuff and then people will, then other women will agree with the man and be like, you're so right. And then if a girl just goes right back out, the guy people are like, she's such a bitch. Like, yeah. I also, why don't we gang up on the man you fucking whores. Like What? I had that weird thing too where some guys would like, they would like my attention or they liked my conversation or something. And that's like The most valuable thing to me. Where it's like, I'd rather us just fuck and meet like have a fun story then you consuming my life, calling me eight times a day. And then like, men are not your friends. I have hilarious, beautiful people in my life.


A man who's hot with no personality is not your friend And never will be. And probably shouldn't be your boyfriend either. No. If they're too hot, they're scary. No, they're so Scary. Like really scary. Let's talk about the special, Okay, Barbara Walters. I Rest in Peace. RAPA Fucking love me bitch. You need to explain to me, how did this come to be? Tell me everything. I do have to say from doing a reality show, you ki sometimes you feel larger than life. You feel like you're the coolest person ever. You're funny, you're perfect. Everyone loves you. Which is like also not true. Right? Or you can feel like they put mud on you and everyone just sees you with this stuff on you and you're trying to shower it off and you feel misunderstood.


And feeling misunderstood was like my biggest fear. And the universe was like, let's do it to you. and I was in definitely a place, but it, I was in a dark place, but I never felt stuck. I just was like, okay, we gotta pivot. We gotta pivot. I was in this like, where's the next thing? And TikTok was this new crowd where like people didn't know who I was. and I got to just like therapeutically, I would go on stage after reality TV and I would in my head be like, I hope these people don't hate me. and I was, but I had this drive to show them like, I want them to at least not like me 'cause they don't like my comedy. Which is such a like more peaceful perspective, right?


Because it's Kind of like all in your control. If they don't like its Fine's. Tell me if You don't like the art, And like cool, we're expressing ourselves. And also, and I needed to get better. And when I was on stage, it's fucked up, but my mind is very, doesn't shut up. So when I was on stage, it was the only time that I wasn't repeating or trying to figure out like my past. Interesting. So I got to be present in that moment telling my queef jokes. But it was like, it was like my safe space. And then comics was this crew of people who made me feel so much better about myself. They were like dying laughing at the shit I was going through with reality tv. Like they were, I was telling them these stories, they were like, I would've burned the house down. I would. And they made me feel a little more seen where you can feel in the wrong crowd.


You really do feel like you're losing your mind. Your mind. You're, and that's what the point is a lot of the time. Yeah. So I, I started to get this, I almost feel like hot girls don't traditionally go, let's do standup comedy tonight, or let's go to the standup comedy club. You go with your boyfriend. But I was able to kind of cultivate this algorithm of like, I'm biased, but like hot, successful, funny women who wanted to laugh and felt safe in their bedroom, laughing at comedy. And then with Giggly Squad and getting the girls to come out to the show, I was like, oh my God, we have this like group of women coming out to comedy shows, loving Standup.


And a lot of them was their first ever shows. And it was powerful. And because I was selling tickets, I didn't have to wait to like get chosen to be on lineups and stuff. Interesting. I was like producing my own shows. Right. And then I started doing Hand on the Street where I was making friends with all these comics. And then the comedy community started embracing me in a way where I was just like, either you like me or don't, I don't care. Like I don't need you to accept me. But like, because I came in with some of some followers. Yep. So some comics will be like, well she didn't bomb in enough basements. But I'm like, I wanna build you, I want it to be like, like Chelsea Handler rest. Yep. Where I, I bring people that are talented around me. No matter how many followers you have, I fuck with you if you're like a nice person Yeah.


Who's talented. And it's again, selfish of me to be like, I, I want before you go famous, I'm gonna put you on. Yeah, yeah. No, but I think it's like you recognize people that you fuck with. and I feel like sometimes you're right, people will be like, oh, I'm too big for that. Like I Yeah, they make it. They make it. And then I'll give them acknowledgement where you're like, no, I felt like that person. Yes. That didn't have that. and I Wish someone would've recognized how talented I was and not been threatened, but like helped lift me up. Yeah. And then I just continued touring. I continued touring. Get on the road, be with my girls, work on the jokes. Work on the jokes, work on the jokes. And then Variety kind of noticed me and was like, she's definitely got shit going on. And we get a call from Netflix.


Oh my God. Now the crazy thing about this call is my agent's like, Netflix wants to do a special with you. I, I'm freaking out. Like I have a video of me. Like I was like shaking. I go to the other room and I'm like, Des, I got a Netflix special. oh my God, he looks at me, no smile. And he goes, yeah, you're not shooting that. And I was like, I'm sorry, isn't this like the goal? Wait. And he goes, you have nine more months of touring and you're gonna do those nine more months because your bits are gonna be tagged up and that much better at the end of, and you tell them you'll shoot it the latest you can possibly shoot it. So like he's immediate, he's a protect a protector of course. And he has done his own career where he's like, You don't rush into a special.


Right. But like, I love this material so much and I'm so happy that I basically told Netflix like, in a year, I'll, I'll do it. So they were like, why? and I was just like, I think I could make it even better even though they liked it at the time. That's like, so I like sucky, ballsy Anna. I sat on that shit like, and I, I wasn't allowed to, I didn't even tell Paige for like a month. For a month just because for two minutes for I like Looked at her too long and I was like, because I just wanted to sit in it. But it was such a great moment of like, it's not about the special, it's not about clout, it's about like putting out something you're proud of. Right. I thank you for sharing that because it makes it even cooler now to like, I can't wait to watch it. I was literally like, can I get a screener?


And they were like, no. And I was like, you know, Okay, we were actually doing color correction still. And I was like, can I watch it? And they're like, no. And I was Like, no kidding. Okay fine. I'll watch it with Everyone. I'll fucking text Her. No, I'm excited. I'm gonna like have wine and Matt and I are gonna sit down. I'm gonna be sending you pictures. I'm gonna watch it. I'm so fucking excited. But thank you. I truly am so proud of you. Thank you. Like, I feel like when I met you, I was like, oh my God, this is someone I could have been friends with my whole life. Like having been athletes, like knowing the fucking trauma that you have from being an athlete, knowing the type of person it just like builds you into and you're like so competitive with yourself. and I think sometimes for especially women in sports, I feel, feel like that gets misconstrued and we've dealt with like being our worst critics.


So you winning Up there. I think we fight similar battles all the time. I think that's why when we message each other it's like, how you doing against your demons? No. Hannah and I even you losing, if you go through all of our messages, we are only texting each other like check-ins. We're like, I just saw this. How are you doing? I'm so proud of you. Proud of you. You good. Kay. Talk in a couple months. We Like, have you slept Right? We're like, you good? And then we're like, you ready to come on the pod? You okay? Okay. You're wearing jorts. Amazing midlife crisis. Q it now is you cry for help. I, I just am so excited for people to watch this and I feel like you from when I met you to now is what I was saying is like, you were so funny back then, but we both were insecure and of course we're both still insecure in some capacities, but like I can't wait to watch the special because you are so much more yourself now.


Thank you. Than when I met you. You were, we were both going through it. Not that we weren't ourselves, but like you're, you're leading with like, you're so fucking talented. Thank you. You are like anyone I talk to about you recently are like, oh my God fucking Hannah Berner. She's lights out. Like I can't wait to see the special. Like, oh my God, you are just, I get chills when I talk about it. I feel like I'm living in a dream. Like I feel like I, I redid the last pod with Paige and then I fell asleep and then I had a dream that you were sitting here being like, you got a Netflix special. Crazy. Like, it feels like a dream. It's here. But I'm turning into my dad. He loves quotes and he was, it basically is like, what if your biggest dreams came true? and I think you are a good example of that because you showing that because it's kinda lonely sometimes at the top.


And you showing that a girl could get a lot of attention and run a full company. Like it's paving the way for other people to be like, oh, that dream is not too scary. and I do feel like with this special, I really hope that more girls are gonna be like, I'm just like Hannah. That's how I am with my friends. Wait, I like, I like fuck with this. I wanna do standup. 'cause I have this conspiracy there that like, women are made for standup. We're gossipers, we complain, we overanalyze. Like that is what standup is. So I just like disrupting male spaces and making men upset and I. Think we write a dawn, We write a dawn.


Last question. Hannah. How are you gonna feel if your Netflix special is potentially in the background of some Netflix and Jill sessions and people are fucking to your special? Oh, Have you thought about that? That it's gonna be so awkward. 'cause I'll literally be talking about how hard it is to ride a guy while you're riding a guy and I don't know how you'll recover from that. Or like how like you're holding in your fart when you're cuddling and it's like you haven't had to fart all day and then suddenly the second is dick's on your butt. You're like, I have the biggest gas bubble I've ever had. Hannah, they're gonna be Netflix and chilling watching you. And she's like, oh my God. Isn't it the worst when you're holding in your fart and the girls are like, shut the fuck up Hannah. And you're like, how a, and she's literally like, oh my God.


Maybe watch this with your girlfriends. But I think your boyfriends and the men in your life should watch it. 'cause it's quite educational. It's very educational. It's for everyone. We ride it. Dawn Hannah, I could sit here and talk to you for 17 more hours. I love you. You, I thank you For also being so good at interviewing because you make me look good. Bitch, you look quite, which can be difficult. That can d Except for the shorts. I'm kidding. You're turning the Paige be so mad. I'm so touching. I'm patient. I'm like, what's going on? Paige's Gonna be furious when I tell her I wore Jorts on Call. Her Daddy. She'd be like, you fucking disrespectful cunt. But you guys have to, it's good you both have you're, you're different. It's very I love that. I'm like, you're different Anna. It's just because you're different. I love you. Thank you so much for coming on.


Color Daddy, this was everything and more. I love you. This may have been her best work yet. No, I think it is. I love you.