
What is up. Daddy Gang. it is your founding father Alex Cooper With Call Her. Daddy Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Hello Daddy Gang. Welcome back to another episode of Call Her. Daddy. I have missed you guys. I have been very busy. Aren't we all just fucking busy? Right? But I have been very, very on the go as some people would say. and I hate being on the go. I like to be in my routine. I'm a very routine type of person. Just in terms of my work. It's so much easier for me to podcast when I'm home. This studio that I'm sitting in is in my house. We've got the lights, we've got the cameras, we've got all of it set up here. So I am back. It is so nice to see you.


I have been watching television lately and I don't know about you guys, but I am such a television girl. Like since my childhood, my parents are big movie people, television people. It was a thing growing up that we would all sit down and we would watch some type of television show. Like I said to my mom the other day, I'm like, I remember when Scandal came out and with Carrie Washington and I. Remember I went downstairs to my mom and we were like popping popcorn and she was like, what are we gonna watch tonight? and I'm like, mom, like I saw this one thing online and I think this new show is gonna be amazing. It's called Scandal. And we had no idea what we were getting into. And then my mom and I just kind of like went along on this journey with Olivia Pope and President Fitz for a very long time.


And it was the thing that bonded us. You know, even though I was being a menace to society maybe in my social life, scandal brought us back together. Same thing with Grey's Anatomy. Like my mom, my sister and I really bonded over that. And then with sports, my dad I would sit with him and watch sports. So I guess football season is back. We're all happy that sports are back.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. One for students. I don't know what I spend more money on Uber Eats or Uber rides. I guess I would say I spend more on Uber Eats now. Uber rides more when I was in college. Daddy, Gang, whichever one you personally use more. An Uber one subscription could save you a lot of money. With Uber one you get $0 delivery fees and up to 10% off Uber Eats orders and you'll save on Uber rides too. Like earning 6% Uber cash back on all your rides. Plus you'll get free items daily and even more discounts from your favorite brands. Join now and get four weeks free Uber one for students. Save on Uber and Uber Eats. Sign up on Uber or Uber Eats app eligibility and member terms apply.


Listen up, Daddy, Gang. 'cause we need to talk about sex. I'm sure lots of you listening will agree it is pretty great, right? What you might not think is great is the idea of being a mom. Whether it's right now or even ever. And that is okay. What's not okay is not knowing how effective your birth control is. I mean who needs that going through their head when they're in the sack. Did you know there are birth control options out there that are non-AI? Talk to your doctor about all the options available so you can make the right choice for you.


That's it from me. Now go take


control. This episode is brought to you by Experian. Hi Daddy Yang. Do you ever feel Like? there are just too many apps for too many things. I know I do. I sometimes wanna chuck my phone into a river. Never look back. The apps just take up so much space on your phone and it is hard to keep the name straight. It's like how are we organizing all this? What are we doing? Well there is one trusted name that you already know that can help you do the work of several different apps. Experian the Experian app can help you cancel unwanted subscriptions, look for car insurance and check your FICO score and credit report all in one place. You can also compare credit cards and loans, save time and money by letting their experts negotiate your bills to get you the best price. Experian the one-stop shop for your financial health. Download the Experian app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed and some may not see any savings. Checking your match credit cards will not hurt your credit score. State restrictions apply. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation eligible. Paid membership required


was cooking dinner the other night and it was the Kansas City Chiefs playing some other fucking team. I don't know what team. And is that literally every girl right now in the world? Like, oh, Taylor Swift was playing I mean, sorry, Travis Kelsey was playing and then it's Like don don't know who they were fucking playing regardless. The chiefs were playing and I was cooking dinner. You guys, it is like who is she? I know, it's rare that I ever cook but recently I've been doing a really, really good recipe. I've been making Matt and I these tacos with this Turkey meat and it's pretty phenomenal. So I'm cooking Matt dinner like the trad wife. I am a sexy little tra wife cooking up her taco meat.


And then Matt is watching the game in the kitchen and I tell Matt every single time that Taylor Swift comes on the tv, you have to tell me so I can turn around from the stove and I can see her. And it's just so incredible honestly. Like I like football. I grew up watching football. I was a big Eagles fan growing up. Then I went to college in Boston and I became a big Patriots fan. Yeah, I have no fucking loyalty. I know, that was like a big point of contention of like whenever I wear like a sports shirt on this show and people are like, is that a Pittsburgh shirt? I remember I wore one for, it was like when I interviewed the Chainsmokers and everyone was like livid.


They were like Pittsburgh Alex, like you're from fucking Philly. And I was like, first of all, this is a vintage random hoodie that I sourced and found and it's cute and it's comfortable. I don't give a fuck what it says. And second of all, I don't have loyalty to these sports teams 'cause I don't really care. Like don don't know if that's gonna really upset some people But like I go with what is entertaining me, right? So in college I was very entertained for multiple reasons by the New England Patriots, okay? We had Tom Brady, we had you know, other athletes that I was having entanglements with and it was fun and they were the best and we just kept winning and it was fun.


So I switched, I was a fucking homie Hopper, I switched from the Eagles, I went to the fucking Patriots and now I watch The Chiefs. It's the only fucking team I really watch. Sometimes I pop in though when the Eagles are doing well, when the Eagles are sucking. Ah, I'm a fair weathered fan. Like don don't really care when it comes to, you know, I just wanna follow who's doing well or who's interesting, right? Like I remember when Carrie Underwood was dating Tony Romo on the Cowboys. I was a fan of the Cowboys. Ugh, loved it. Couldn't get enough, was a Dallas Cowboy cheerleader that year for fucking Halloween. Like I don't care, I don't care. I just wanna be entertained. A little bit of pop culture with sports, I'm happy. But yeah, overall everything else is going well.


I'm going on tour. Oh yes, I'm going on tour. So I went on my first live tour last fall and it was one of truly The most incredible experiences of my life. Like it is an odd thing with podcasting where like I sit here in my house and I'm gonna press upload to this episode and then I go, you know, have a bagel and I sit down and it's like nothing ever happened. But live and tour was one of The most incredible experiences because I got to interact with all of you in a way that I've never done before and that's why I am enjoying these live events with unwell. It's been so incredible to get to like hang out with you guys and meet you guys.


And so now I'm going back on tour on the west coast. We did the east coast last year, now we're doing west coast tour. So we're going Denver, Austin, Dallas, Phoenix, San Diego, Oakland, Los Angeles. I hope I didn't forget a city. I think that's it. and I'm just so excited because I love creating these fun live experiences for you guys. and I definitely am doing different things in the live show that it's, it's like making me like work on different parts of my career. I don't know if that makes any more sense. But like being live is intimidating and I get so nervous before I go out on stage and then I lightly black out and then the minute you guys are all screaming and hyping me up, I'm like okay, I'm safe.


I'm with Daddy Gang, everything is gonna be okay. But truly being in person with you guys has just made me even more grateful for this job that you guys have all granted me the opportunity to have. And it's not lost on me that like I literally would have none of this if it wasn't for you guys. So getting to do these moments with you just feels really, really fulfilling. And if you haven't, I think there are tickets left. So go get your fucking tickets. It's going to be a time. Okay, so today I have been wanting to for a very long time go through your questions because I have a document pulled up on my computer of just so many questions that you guys have had for me that I wanted to properly sit down and talk through.


'cause a lot is going on in your lives, right? So let me go grab my computer and then let us begin. Quiz yas of the motherfucking weak bitch. One second. Sometimes when I wear sunglasses in these episodes it really just, I feel like I'm activating my freak and I'm gonna be able to just give you guys maybe some better insight if I'm really feeling Like, don don't know weirder Matt's golfing right now and it's 110 degrees outside. Like please tell me the dedication that men have to golf. I don't wanna say anything too crazy But. like I have been kind of thinking about getting into golf and when I say getting into golf, I more just mean like I don't know in the future, like when I'm like 50, yeah, when I'm 50 I feel like I want to get into golf.


So we've got some, we've got like a couple decades to go obviously, but it's just something that's in bed in the back of my mind because I feel like as I get older there's only so much that Matt and I are gonna be able to do. You know, the kids are outta the house. I haven't even had a fucking kid yet, but you know, I'm thinking about the long-term effect, like kids are outta the house, you know, I don't wanna just become an alcoholic and just every day be like pacing around waiting for five o'clock. And so you know, I'm just thinking to myself like what is something that Matt and I can do that we obviously will continue to watch television shows together, but that only goes so far. And when you get old like you wanna be active baby, I wanna keep those knees from creaking, I wanna keep those hips from having to get a hip replacement and I wanna make sure I'm out there looking cute in my outfits.


So yeah, I don't know, I've thought about starting golf in in a couple decades, but if you guys wanna join me, I'll let you guys know when I do decide to start that journey. But again, we have time so don't go like getting your golf clubs without me, just know it's coming. Okay, let's start doing questions of the fucking week because bitch, we got a lot going on right now. You know, life is fucking tough and life is a roller coaster and some of you are at the top of the fucking rollercoaster and some of you are stuck upside down on the rollercoaster. It's always nice to be on the top, but most of the time we're all upside down. So let's get you guys to the top. What the fuck am I saying? I told you the glasses, they ignite something. Okay, here we go. First question from the Daddy Gang. I can't fucking see what these things on. What am I even fucking doing?


Let's try this again. Okay, I want to break up with my boyfriend but I don't know how to like I really enjoy time with him and everything, but I just feel it in my gut. It's not the right person. I want him to find his person and me to be single for a while, but I have never really been single. I jumped from relationship to relationship and only felt able to end one when I already had someone else to focus on. I now really want to break this pattern and finally be there for myself. I just need that last kick in the ass and a little help in how to break up with someone and going through the whole breakup. oh my God I mean I could do a whole episode on how to break up with someone, but I think my first bit of advice would be there's no reason to ever stay in something longer than you have to.


Not just for you selfishly, but also for the other person. Like imagine if your boyfriend was aware that you were just like so not into it anymore. I feel like you are on the right track. Like yes, you do need to end this. I do think when it comes to breaking up with someone, we overthink it because like you're a good person, you don't wanna hurt this person's feelings. and I think a lot of times when you're breaking up with someone like you can sometimes feel so awful because a lot of the times like you do love the person, this doesn't mean that you're not like you don't love your boyfriend but you're not currently in love with this person. And so you have a lot of love for this person.


So it makes it so hard to like what you think is gonna happen is break their heart and that may be the case, but what's more heartbreaking if is if you stay in something and fake it for what not for him and not for you. No one would be happy if you knew you were faking it, right? So I think the best case is this that I always tell my friends when almost like how you used to have like the next thing lined up of who you were gonna go to in a relationship. I think you have to have that in some capacity, but not with another man but with your situation. So before you completely break up with your boyfriend, I don't know your circumstances, maybe you live together, maybe you, I don't know, have a bunch of his shit at your house, whatever it is. I think you always have to plan how the minute you end something be able to cut the cord because there is nothing worse than when you try to end something with someone and it lingers because of logistics or because you weren't firm enough or because you're like oh we live together so I'm breaking up.


But now I have to like go on Zillow and now find a new apartment. Like you have to get all your ducks in a row before you make that decision with this person because it's gonna make it so much easier on both of you to have a clean cut. So let's say you are living together, I would say talk to one of your trusted friends or your family and obviously unless you can get an apartment right away, but if you like are on the same lease with this person, there's so much drama that goes into that But like know where you're going to go, know where you're going to live before you make this decision so that when you are like doing this and you're breaking this person's heart and they're like, well like can we have another conversation? Like obviously we live together. You'd be like, so I am moving out and I have a place lined up right now to like go stay with Bethany or whoever the fuck you're gonna go stay with.


Like line up your logistics so that the only thing you're focusing on is the conversation of the relationship ending and nothing else has to fucking linger. Because what I do find with my friends and with myself in the past is Like. there are times where it's so, it's so fucking hard to break up with someone. And the worst is when you almost get to the point where they're like letting it go but then it's like, oh but now I we need to deal with all of this other shit. So then you keep talking and then it makes it either harder or they try to get back with you and then you kind of feel so bad that you ended up like not keeping your backbone and you just fold and you stay with the person longer. Like I've seen it so many fucking times. So how now do you have the conversation?


So once I think you've lined up all of these dynamics of like where you're gonna live, what you're gonna do, getting all of the things prepared, I would say you one day sit this person down, whether it's on a Sunday or a Saturday. I would recommend maybe doing it on a weekend where maybe you had planned to like have dinner into together or something. Just because again, the level of breakup is always gonna be different depending on the person. But. like I just know if you are the one getting broken up with, it would be nice to have like a reset day before you have to go into work on a Monday. So let's say it's a Saturday night and you had asked your boyfriend like okay, like let's do a night in, I'm gonna order us some takeout.


I think you sit them down and you say, hey there has been something that has been weighing on me and I have been thinking a lot about it and this isn't just a rash decision, this has been kind of this building feeling that for a while I couldn't really pinpoint and explain it. So this is kind of why I didn't bring it up. But I feel so awful saying this and it truly breaks my heart because I love you and there is nothing like blatantly going wrong in this relationship, but I don't feel completely fulfilled and happy and I feel like we have gotten to the point in our relationship where we have done everything we could to make each other happy.


Like you've been so incredible to me. I am happy when I'm with you. I I know our connection has been amazing but I do feel like I'm getting to that point where I am starting to think about my future and I am starting to think about long term and I don't feel that we are compatibility wise the fit for me long term and it makes me want to cry and throw up at the same time in saying that to you because I know this would be easier if I was saying like, this is the thing that you did wrong, you did nothing wrong, I did nothing wrong. We literally have given this our all, but I just don't know if you're my person.


And that is really painful to admit, but it's the truth. And so I have lined up, I'm gonna go stay with my friends and I'll make sure I get all the stuff outta the apartment again, I'm literally talking about like logistics, but I'm going to go stay with Casey and I'm really, really sorry and I, I of course wanna hear your thoughts But like this is a decision that I have been suppressing but I have made up my mind and I feel so awful. But like I also don't want to waste any more of your time. Like I love you and I want you to find your person and I want you to be happy And I know this is probably coming as a shock, but I love you and I'm really sorry and I'll always care for you but this is not right for me.


And I can't stay in something that I don't feel completely happy in. I think the word compatibility is always the way to go when you're breaking up with someone that didn't cheat that hasn't been you know, malicious towards you or be like obviously when you're sitting someone down to break up with someone and there is a literal problem in your relationship that you can be like, I have been trying to get through it. I know, I said I would get over you cheating. But I have now like spent enough time where I literally can't get past it. Like it just isn't gonna happen. Headphone is literally ripping out my hair. So yes, I think the answer is it's always easier not emotionally, but it's easier logistically when someone does something to be so hurtful to you.


It's of course easier to end that relationship because you have this concrete example of why X, y, Z needs to happen, right? And that's the thing that's weird about friendships verse romantic relationships or even jobs, right? It's like when you're in a friendship, if everyone is acting loving and amazing and you're happy and you love the person, there's never a reason to end the relationship. You know what I mean? Like why are you ending a friendship where you are happy and you love them and of course every friend has the wrong doings but it's like you're never ending a relationship 'cause you're like you're not the right one. Like I don't think like you've done nothing wrong But, like you're just not the right one. Like that never happens. So specifically for romantic relationships, that is what's so weird about those dynamics is like this person can be doing every fucking thing, right?


They can be so incredible and you can literally love the person but they may not be your person because in romantic relationships we need certain things filled up in our cup that like sometimes you can't even explain it sometimes it's a feeling sometimes and they're not doing anything wrong and that's so different than relationships with friends. You're like why would I ever end a friendship with someone that's literally like the best and makes me happy and I love them? Well that happens in romantic relationships and sometimes there's literally no reasoning. But when you tell someone that compatibility wise it just doesn't feel like it's a fit, what the fuck is someone gonna say to that? If you are telling someone I don't feel like we are compatible, they're gonna be like, no we are.


And then you're like in your eyes. But in my eyes we're not. And again you can use the compatibility thing if you think that the person is literally gonna like make it impossible for you to move on. Like I've had friends that are like literally like what the fuck am I supposed to do? and I think the compatibility is a good thing or I just think the you are not my person. Like I don't think this is, this is it I know this isn't it for me? Don't say I don't think sorry rewind. You are not my person. It doesn't mean I don't love you, it doesn't mean that our relationship has meant nothing to me but you are not my person. If someone tells you that you are not their person and they still want to be with you, that's the person holding on because they have something going on that they're like, they're basically not, they're not listening to you.


If someone said to me, you are not my person, I don't think there's a bigger insult, not in the way that I can be mad at them, it's literally just like not an insult, it's more just like there's literally nowhere to go. Don't open your mouth and try to fight for the relationship. Don't try to fucking stay. They're literally telling you you are not the love of your their life. They are telling you that they do not see you as long term and they are telling like there's no, it's one thing if they're like I'm, it's really frustrating to me because even if it was like something about like your job or your, your humor that you're imposing on them at times that's annoying them. Like what? No, this is literally just like you're literally not my person. And as hard as that is to hear if you're the person on the receiving end, that is a very definitive def done answer.


There's no coming back from that. So every single dynamic and breakup is different and I wish I could like sit with you on this couch and and ask you more questions because obviously like the way that I would break up and help you break up with this person is gonna be indicative of a lot of different factors in your relationship. Like have you guys been dating since you were 16 years old? Did you meet in college? Like have you only been dating for a year? Like the point is is have your logistics set up, have your go-to whether it's the compatibility or you're not my person or whatever feels right for you, that is basically like they can't argue it and you have to be super strong. And my other point of advice is when you're doing this you need to have someone in your life that is downstairs when you do it.


That is my personal opinion when you do this, have someone in the car, whether it's your friend, your mom, your dad, your sister, your brother, your whoever, the fuck your support system and have them waiting downstairs because when you do it, what I've learned from myself and my friends is like breakups can go on for so fucking long to the point that you're literally like we are going in circles and understandably that person is blindsided probably. So they're like trying to get this like closure in the moment from you and you've been thinking about this for so fucking long. So you have to give them some grace of a conversation.


But what you could also do, which I actually think is is totally fair, is tell them like I'm gonna go I know that this is a lot and I just put this on you and you didn't know this was happening. And so I want to give you time to process it and I, I love you and I want you to know like I'm here if you want to have one more follow-up conversation of any questions you have because I acknowledge like I had this information, I'm giving it to you, you haven't had a chance to really like digest it and to sit with it. And so if you want like I will, I'm down to have like more of like a closure conversation for you. That's if like it's you don't get all of that in the first conversation of the breakup.


And sometimes people, if this was like a six year relationship, like you're probably gonna need to have another conversation. What I would tell you to avoid though is the two hour long breakup you're gonna go in circles. You're gonna literally just be like spinning out and and continue to talk about the same thing over and over. And that's why I think it's the best decision to have a friend downstairs waiting for you. So you can say like, I like my mom is downstairs, she, she's gonna like bring me home and and I know like you probably are gonna have more questions but I do think like I need to, I need to go because I don't want us to also just keep like spinning in circles and I also wanna give you some alone time and me some alone time 'cause I know this is like a very emotional situation.


So overall I'm really sorry though because breakups are so fucking horrible and awful and there's no right way to do them. I just think the, there's a sweet spot of the shortness period and how long and short it goes. And then also there's those things that you can say that kind of leaves them, there's nothing really to save back, but I'm really sorry and I hope you're okay. And that's the, that's the other thing that I will just say to you guys is like if you think that you are not with the right person, you need to end the relationship. We're all too fucking young to be in a situation where we have doubts and we're all too young to be like, but maybe it will get better.


It's not gonna get better. It's not gonna get better. It only gets worse as time goes on. Any problem that you're having, like it only gets worse. And so I think when you have that doubt in your brain where you're like, is this my person? The answer is no. The answer is no. Like if you're, of course there's like moments where it's come big like oh my God, are we gonna get married and oh my gosh like am I sure this is my person? Like of course there's like natural pauses that you have to like assess your fucking life. I'm not saying that if you have had this like little lingering voice in the back of your head or that gut feeling of like, I love them so much but the butt is bigger than you love them so much.


It always is because the but is you. We can love so many people in our fucking lifetime. I truly believe that. I have believed, I have loved many people before Matt, but I feel like there's the immediate pain of ending a relationship and the fear of being single for like one year, two year, five years. Even those small years of being single and fearing, like, will I ever find someone again? You will, you will find someone again and I would rather restart and get single and have to go through those single periods of like a couple years figuring out what, who's, you know what you want and who is the next person Then spending 70 plus years with someone and being fucking miserable, it's, it's again I know it's very scary for women because it's like we have our clocks and everyone's telling us we have to find our person and oh my God hurry.


But it's also like pause for a fucking second. There is, there is no need to stay with someone just because you're afraid of starting over. If that is the only reason you're staying with someone, then you need to end the relationship immediately because I'm telling you like I've seen my friends do it, I've had it happen where it's like, oh my God, you think you're never gonna find someone And then most of the time when that happens you literally find the person like in a couple months and you're like, oh fuck. So we're so clouded by like the fear of moving on that we stay. If you have any fucking doubts in your gut and in your head that keep creeping up, they're not the right person. 'cause I'm telling you, you will know when you found the right person.


There will always be problems in every relationship. You will always have these little things that you're like, ooh, like that is upsetting me or so but the core of like, I don't know if this is my like person that I wanna be with long term, then you have your answer that is not your person. So any girl listening right now or any woman listening right now, whoever is listening, just please trust your gut. If you have any fucking doubts, you have your answer. Oh this is kind of like a vibe shift. Does anyone actually eat ass? I'm, I'm talking about getting all up in someone's butt hole.


We had a poll between all of our friends friends and 60% of them said they have either eaten ass or received it. I don't believe them. Believe them. Yeah, it's a thing sweetie. We're eaten ass good these days. No, yes, there is a lot of, I remember the first time I got my ass eaten and I was like what the fuck is happening? I don't personally love it but I have had guys that like loved it and I remember like the first guy that asked me to do that? I was also obsessed with him so I would've literally like eaten his shit. That's fucking disgusting. and I actually wouldn't have done that. But like the concept of like giving a blowjob and then going a little downtown and giving them a little whoop.


Yeah, that's not, that's not foreign, that's that's happening. That's in real time. Someone as I'm saying this and I'm making this podcast, someone right now is eating ass in the world. They may not be loving it but they're doing it. It's happening. Sister either get on board or you don't need to get on board. But if you wanna get on board, get on board, get on board. Some people fucking love it and then some people are like literally get away from my asshole. oh my God. Speaking of assholes, what is going on with the Daddy Gang this week? Okay, ready? Here's a story time. So I work in real estate one morning I was early for a showing to make sure all looked good. I just had some coffee so I went to use the bathroom to go number two. I tried to flush and realized the toilet was broken and the water wasn't on.


I was like, fuck, some people are coming in a minute and I hope it doesn't smell like shit. So I closed the toilet and hope for the best. The property sat vacant for a month until that person moved in. My boss and I got a text in our group chat, a picture of a hardened shit and said this needs to be fixed immediately from the new homeowner. This was on Christmas Eve and the repair cost to get a handyman over was double the normal. The owner of that unit, our client was demanding to know what happened and who used the bathroom. Do I fess up bitch? Absolutely Fucking not.


No, no, no, no. You don't have to be like, hey just coming in to take a little accountability here. You never, what are they gonna do? Fucking fecal test that shit and test whose it was. No, no. You don't need to fess up on who shit in the toilet. You gotta play it cool. You gotta play it safe, you gotta play it just, you gotta play it. Mortified. My God, I can't imagine. Maybe it was someone that was like we were showing the house to laid it down, laid the pipes down, let it all loose and free. My God, thank God it's hardened. That one's gonna be easier to pick up. We're on it. We gotcha, we're gonna get it out.


It's a classic white lie. You know I don't believe in like lying in a way that's really gonna fuck some shit up. Have I done it in the past? Yeah, I guess when I was like younger but lying is fucking stupid. What's not stupid is a white little fucking lie that's gonna, you know, uphold your dignity, that's gonna allow you to have some fucking source of respect at your real estate job. You don't need to fucking put yourself under the bus here, sweetie. You just keep driving the bus and let everyone wonder who shit their brains out that day. You know it was you but they don't need to. Okay, keep that shit to yourself sweetie.


Literally. Oh god, okay, I'm scared. Here's another story. This story, I was reading this when I was picking this and it gives me like I have anxiety for you.


This episode is brought to you by Tylenol. Why am I excited to be partnering with Tylenol? You may ask because I know and they know that greatness hurts. When I was playing soccer in college, I had muscle cramps or I pulled one of my hamstrings to be great. You have to push yourself to limits that sometimes can hurt. Greatness hurts. So Tylenol will be there with care to help you keep chasing it. Tylenol provides pain relief for the champion in all of us. It's the number one doctor recommended brand of pain relief and fever reduction. That's Tylenol, that's Care Without Limits. Visit Tylenol dot com slash greatness dash herz to learn more. Use as directed.


This episode is brought to you by NARS cosmetics. Daddy Gang. Let's talk bold lipstick looks. I remember one of the first times I did a bold lipstick look was going to an event. I was so nervous 'cause I'm like, I don't know, am I a bold girl? Like don. Don't know if I can pull this off. and I remember looking at the pictures being like, who is she? I'm kind of loving it. I felt, I felt like I could conquer the world because I was like terrified and I'm like, oh, that was actually easy. I stepped outside my comfort zone and look, I actually loved my look to put it simply. I love a bold look and NARS cosmetics does too. That's why they want to celebrate that transformative confidence with their new explicit lipstick. You can get a wide range of fearless shades with long lasting comfort in a satin finish shop now@narscosmetics.com.


My husband and I got married six months ago. We're currently renting and would like to buy a house. So a few months ago I picked up a second job bartending at a local place that I used to work a few years ago. It was my first night back getting into the groove of things and I didn't think anything of it. And then all of a sudden this guy that I used to hook up with prior to meeting my husband walks in with one of his buddies. I completely forgot that he existed in the world but my stomach was in constant knots. I played it casual and grabbed them a few beers. They stayed until the bar closed and got pretty hammered. We were locking up and he asked if I could give him a ride home. I told him yes, but if he tried anything, I would kick him out of the car and make him walk the rest of the way home.


He agreed with my terms and we were on our way. The whole ride to his house, he was telling me about how much he missed me working there and he was so happy to see me. I dropped him off and went on my way. Fast forward to present time. He comes to see me almost every weekend when I work. I always give him a ride home and we have now hooked up twice and talk every day. I just can't keep my hands off this man. My husband knows nothing. We just have this undeniable connection, not even just sexual. I can feel myself slowly dissociating from my husband and I don't even feel bad. Is six months too soon for a divorce? Kim k has had shorter marriages. So this isn't even that bad, right? What the fuck?


This is bad. This is really bad. There's multiple reasons that this is bad. This, this literally sounds like a fucking smut novel that someone would write for a book. Listen, this isn't my life so I'm not here to judge you and you're writing in and you're asking for advice and this is my advice. I understand that you had like an on and off again fling with this guy, but it seems like you have an entire relationship with your husband prior to getting married and you're getting married and you're not saying you were even thinking about this man, nor was he thinking about you. He was never reaching out. So this to me is like a complete lust temptation thing. Even though you're saying there's more of a connection than like, you know, you having a sexual connection, the temptation of you have this separate job and you've almost created a second, second life, which is really, really concerning.


It's like I feel like it's when people cheat online and they're like, it doesn't even count. Like they're almost able to close their phone and then reenter reality and I think that's been like a huge problem with a lot of couples is like online cheating. I think this is almost like a workplace relationship type of cheating situation too, right? It's like your husband is never coming into your job, your work at the bar is your own fucking thing. And so it almost is creating this like alternate universe that you are participating in and you're not even feeling guilty because it's so estranged from your own life that you are, it's like a person from your past. It's a place you used to work. You're almost like regressing to that time in your life.


and I, never ever, ever think that cheating when you're married is acceptable. Like if Matt cheated on me, I would leave him immediately. Like I don't personally I couldn't do it. I I I and I get, I get everyone is different. So I wanna be clear like I know there are so many people that have stayed in relationships when they're married that with, with infidelity and everything. But I just could never, it's just something that I in my body, I know I would never be able to get rid of it. I know I would turn into the worst version of myself. I know that I would feel so insecure. I would be paranoid, I would wanna be checking his phone. and I don't want to be that version of myself. And so when the trust is broken, the trust is broken.


And that's again, that's me. I, I don't want anyone to feel judged. I think I completely see the other side and I have friends that have stayed and I have supported them. Like it really, really it comes down to your individual ability to move past something. With that said, what you are currently doing is you, are you not having any remorse? I'm worried that like are you gonna now marry this man? You know what I mean? Like he never reached out, you weren't reaching out. This man was not even a thought in your brain and all of a sudden you start this job that you used to have and it's bringing back all these old memories. But what I can say is aside from this man, 'cause this isn't about the man that you're cheating with, he honestly has fuck all to do with it.


The fact that you agreed to put this person in your car had he got there with his buddy, you know what I mean? They can get a fucking Uber, they can get a fucking taxi. How did they get to the bar and how did they plan on getting home from the bar? You know what I mean? He clearly was using that as an excuse to just like get you to drive him home. How did his buddy get home? So the fact that you put this man in your car and you drove him home, you, you knew what you were doing. Like I worry that that's more just telling to like maybe you are really not happy in your romantic relationship with your husband and your marriage and that's okay, but I don't think it's okay to just start falling into this new thing without giving your husband a chance.


Like this is someone that just got married six months ago and I don't know what's going on at home. But. like if you're also acting like nothing is wrong at home, this is gonna ruin this man's fucking trust for the rest of his life six months into the marriage and you're cheating on him with a past person and you're not even fucking remorseful about it. Like if he finds out this man is going to be fucking broken and I think when I was younger when I thought about cheating, I, I think the stakes are lower. Like I'm not saying cheating is okay But like when I would see my friends cheating or when even when I look back if I got cheated on it fucked me up for sure. But like as you get older and you get closer to genuine actually looking for monogamy, if that's something you're looking for, getting cheated on in high school is absolutely gonna be traumatizing in the moment.


But you are not getting married to this person. You probably don't have a child with this person. Like the stakes are much lower. But as you get to the point in your life where you are looking at marriage and you are thinking about kids and all those things, like it is so much heavier in my opinion. Again, people can disagree but I think people in college even are like cheating on each other and it's like, oh I fucked Jessica in the sorority and the girl's crying and she's like fuck you. And then she goes and fucks his frat brother and it's like it's all very messy because no one is actually like I'm gonna marry you in college for sure you could stay with your college person and then you get married But like in the moment in college, no one's like getting fucking married in college.


So it's a little like whatever. Again, not saying cheating is okay then, but you know what I'm saying? Like the stakes are just lower. And so now you are adults, you are talking about you got this job 'cause you were planning on buying a house with this person. So which is it? Are you genuinely looking to start a life with this person post getting married and build a life with this person? Or are you out? Listen, I love you and and the way that this is written, I know I don't ever have all the context. Maybe your husband hasn't been having sex with you or looking at you since you got married. I don't know you didn't write that here, but I don't know, I just think living a life based on a lie is going to eat you alive and it's gonna come back to bite you in the ass at some point.


And whether he finds out and he leaves you and then this guy actually is like actually like it was kind of just like hot for a minute that we like found each other again But. like I actually am out and I'm like have a girlfriend now. Like I just want you to take care of yourself and the people around you to know that this your actions will have consequences. And I think you just have to pause and think for a minute. Like what do you actually want? If you want out of this marriage, get out of the marriage. As upsetting as that is that it's only been a six months marriage. Yes you can end your fucking marriage like it's okay. But I think you have to try to discern like are you unhappy in that marriage? Was this random affair or something that was just like out of insecurity or lust or temptation?


Like first you need to figure out what you want and why you made this decision and then I think you need to act accordingly and make a decision. 'cause you can't keep going at this rate 'cause you're fucking with someone's life right now. Your husband is sitting at home in love with you thinking that you guys, you're at your job trying to get more money so that you guys can get a house. Like this poor man is like probably fucking packing you a lunch or a dinner when you're going to your job being like, I love you sweetie. Like Thank you so much for taking on this fucking second job. Like little does he know it's become a second fucking relationship that you have. I'm sorry, it's just, that's a really complicated situation. But I would, my also advice would be before you guys, if you are thinking of children before you think of children or if you're not thinking of children before you get this house, don't buy the fucking house while you're having an affair.


You need to stop it at some point because I believe, and again I don't know you, but I believe you're probably a good person and this is a situation you got yourself into and it's thrilling and it's exciting and it's all the things, but you're also like forgetting that the person you fell in love with and married is gonna be heartbroken. So I'm sorry that was, that was kind of dark. We went from eating ass to this. Whoa. I'm like, whoa. Okay. So I'm 23 and I'm a virgin. Not because of any religious beliefs or anything, it just hasn't happened. I've struggled with my weight a lot and my inner voice always tells me I'm too fat for anyone to think I'm hot. But I'm a very sexual person. I think about sex a lot.


I started masturbating at 11, but I haven't done anything with another person. Recently I've started to get more attention from guys that I actually think are kind of hot. My looks haven't changed though, but I don't really know how to handle the attention. This is so weird for me that guys are just randomly texting after we hung out in a group setting and for guys to actively seek me out in a group with other girls. So I guess my question is how do I handle this? Where do we go from here? Because I want it to go further. I just don't know how, first of all, I just wanna say you are so deserving of happiness and I completely empathize and understand. Like we all have our own insecurities that can keep us from living the life we wanna live.


Whether it's like you don't go to the party because you're feeling insecure about whether it's your weight or your skin or your friendship standings, whatever it is. We've all been there where you're like prohibiting yourself from actually thriving and enjoying because you're so in your head about something. And I'm also wanna clarify, like it may also not be just fully in your head. Like you may have had people say things to you and make you feel more insecure and so you've been shut down and you've feel like you feel awful about yourself in moments. And it's hard to put yourself out there and act confident, especially on something that privately you actually enjoy and you wanna do. But publicly you're like, I don't know if I can connect with a guy on this level because is he gonna judge me or is he gonna be focused on my weight when we're having sex?


Like that's all fucking normal. and I think so many fucking women, not even so many women, every fucking woman goes through it at some point in their life when you're having sex and you're feeling insecure and you're like, oh my God, is he looking at this or that? No. If he's in the room with you and he's courting you and he's, and he's interested, he's interested. Babe And like you gotta just fucking embrace that. And I know that's hard. I think my advice to you would be this, being a sexual person and the fact that you have been masturbating since you were young, that is incredible. You are in tune with your sexuality and that is a great step. Like, there are a lot of women that have never touched themselves or have never self masturbated, right? And so I think the fact that you are wanting this and knowing you want this now, you just have to put yourself out there and it's fucking terrifying.


And I, I I know you're gonna be in your head. I think you just have to find a way to recognize that half of the reason that we are insecure in these moments is because we're being too fucking hard on ourselves and no one else is thinking the things that we're thinking about ourself, right? And so if you are getting this like incredible, fun, exciting attention from a guy, go for it. Go for it. And if anyone ever fucking makes you feel bad about yourself, when you do go for it, whether it's the guy or people, public, whatever it is, they're fucking shitty people. Point blank. And that's not on you.


You know what I mean? Like I feel like as we get older, it's like I don't have time to like judge people or be like catty or mean or whatever. It's like everyone's doing their fucking best. And so you have to just try to find it within yourself. You want something, go fucking get it, bitch. Like go have sex, go enjoy yourself. And if a man ever makes you feel insecure while that's happening, fuck him and his little fucking dick. Okay? He doesn't fucking deserve you. You are fucking hotter than you ever fucking could imagine. You just have to start to believe that you have to look at yourself in the mirror and start to be like, I am that fucking bitch. And when you're masturbating and you're feeling fucking good, channel that fucking energy when you're having sex for the first time, okay?


You are embracing your sexuality. When you're alone, do it in front of someone else. and I bet you're gonna feel so fucking empowered. But what I do want to prep you for, like I'm saying, is like so many women can relate to this, there are many times I have had experiences with men that they did not show up and treat me the way that I expected them to. We cannot control what other people are gonna treat us like, but you can control how you let it make you feel. And how sad if a man makes you feel insecure about your weight or your looks when you're having sex. And if that happens, shame on that fucking person. That's a fucking shitty ass person. And guess what? You are not.


So don't own any fucking behavior that is someone putting you down because that's their own fucking shit that they need to handle. I'm not saying it's not gonna make you feel bad, but at some point you are gonna have to just take control of your life and be like, you know what? I am that fucking bitch. I fucking wanna have sex. I wanna enjoy myself. I've got one fucking life. I wanna do it. and I wanna get down and I wanna get dirty bitch and I'm gonna do it. And when little bitch boys make you feel insecure, he's a little fucking bitch. And you are not, that has nothing to do with you. So own that shit bitch. And to every woman listening, we all have our own fucking shit that prohibits us from leaning in and enjoying certain things.


Who gives a fuck? Again, I know it's not easy. But like, we gotta just start to be like, I literally don't care what you think about me. I don't care if you're gonna call me ugly or fat or X or Y or Z, fuck you, fuck you. How do you have time to critique me in my life? How do you have time? We're all just doing our fucking best. So bitch, get after it. Write me in. I wanna know when you lose your virginity. I'm excited for you and I'm proud of you and I'm, and I'm really sorry that you've had that experience of feeling suppressed, but I promise you, once you open the door, it's only gonna get better. And the first time may be fucking shit.


I'm gonna be real. Don't have the craziest, highest expectations. You'll probably prefer masturbating to sex for maybe a minute. And then once you find the right person or you find the right physical connection, it's gonna be fucking amazing. I'm, I'm really happy for you though. Hey Daddy, obviously love the pod and you, I got married in May. Yay. Congrats, right? Little did I know wrong. I'm 30, so usually I'm not the one going through phones. But one night after a couple of bourbons and my husband falling asleep, I found myself wondering if he had anything to hide and me to worry about. Mind you, if you asked anyone before he worshiped the ground. I walked on.


Well as I dove into his phone, I found he was messaging an ex for a year. Dirty pictures exchanged, but that's not what really hurt. I found he was saying, I love you to her, trying to fly her out while on my bachelorette, oh my God. We live in a different state. And on the wedding day, sending her pictures in his suit, I called him out and he owned up to it. and I stayed since we're newly married and told him if I ever find anything again I'd be gone. Question did I go too easy? We've been through a lot. He beat cancer and we went and when he went into remission is around the time he started messaging his ex. I understand the insecurity and need for reassurance after that, but I went through it too.


What do I do?


This episode is brought to you by Netflix's new series. Nobody wants this. Finding the right person is hard. I remember before Matt I was like, I, I think, I think I gotta give up. I don't know. I don't know how this is gonna go. Okay. Celebrating the ups and downs of relationships, nobody wants this features the unexpected duo of Kristen Bell as an outspoken agnostic woman and Adam Brody as an unconventional rabbi. They couldn't be more different. And everyone has an opinion about it. Okay, I need to see how this turns out. Nobody wants this. Launches only on Netflix. Thursday, September 26th, 2024.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. You know something has to be good when everyone is talking about it. I feel like I've had this so many times in my life when there is a good new show and I'm like, no, no, no, it doesn't look that good. And all my friends are like, Alex, you have to try it. And then I watched it and I'm like, oh my God, you were right. We all know how that feels. And something else that's getting tons of attention right now is ZipRecruiter. People are loving it. Like the marketing manager of Next Key, they said the number one reason they love ZipRecruiter is because it's so fast and easy and the CEO of Walls need love said they found a lead graphic designer within just a few days. So if you're hiring, ZipRecruiter should be at the top of your list and right now you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/daddy ZipRecruiter's Powerful matching technology identifies top talent for your roles quickly. And immediately after you post your job, it starts showing you qualified people for it. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. See why ZipRecruiter is the hiring site employers prefer most based on G two. Try it for free at this exclusive web address ziprecruiter.com/daddy. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


I'm so fucking sorry. Like first and foremost, I'm so sorry. I can't imagine there's, it's like two pronged. It's like number one, the fact that he's cheating in general and you're finding all of this and it's the worst fucking feeling when you have that gut feeling and you're like, okay, I'm gonna go through the phone and I'm really hoping that I don't find something. But how much worse to know that the cheating was transpiring while you were getting married all the way down to the day of your wedding and he's sending a picture in his suit that is a fucked up person. I don't care if he's like beat cancer or whatever the fuck, like that's like, I'm sorry.


And And like, we'll get to the cancer thing in a minute. But like that is not an excuse for betraying you on one of The most important days of your relationship. The day that you are committing to each other, the day that you are vowing that you will be there for each other in sickness and health as you already proved you would do. The day that you talk about your loyalty and your love for each other. And this man is sending this fucking girl a picture in his fucking suit. In what world is this man living on? Like that is like a seriously fucked in the head person. and I'm sorry. Now let me backtrack. 'cause I recognize this is your husband and I said this earlier, everyone is gonna be different when it comes to cheating.


But what I do think even if you're gonna stay is there needs to be some serious, serious, serious conversations. Like you can't just say, I'll never do it again and never do it again. Like this is like a, we need to almost go through a like a 10 step fucking program to ensure that this is never gonna happen again. And that you actually show that you're remorseful. And how did this happen and why did this happen? And how are we gonna move forward and how are we gonna rebuild trust? Like when someone cheats, I feel Like. there is a lot of difficulty around the person that cheated feels like if I'm going to, if we're gonna stay in this relationship, you kind of have to let it go because I can't keep living in this like I'm under a microscope every five seconds and you never Trust me.


I get that kind of, but it is also on them to make sure that you feel 100% confident in this relationship or you at least get to that at some capacity. And so it's on them to put in so much fucking work to build back that trust. and I feel like a lot of times with cheating and relationships, once they say, I'm sorry and there's the blowout fight and there's the crying and there's the screaming, then it kind of is just like over and there's like some follow-up conversations or there's not follow-up conversations. There's just breakout fights when it's like, well you didn't text me and I was getting worried and obviously you've cheated on me, so I was getting fucking paranoid that you were doing it again. And he's like, I was just out with the boys. I wasn't fucking cheating.


You're so fucking crazy. I told you I'm never gonna do that again. Like there's this animosity that starts to build and I don't want that for you. So number one, I think you did go too easy. Again, you only shared a brief like recap of how you handled it, but I just think that like there's something wrong with this person, which leads me to think that he may be like, I'm not a fucking therapist so I don't wanna like diagnose here, but my brain goes to, and again like please like don't take my word for this. But, like something with him is mentally like mental health going on maybe. And maybe it is because of the cancer that he was going through But like to be able to check out and to dissociate and to, because a lot of times I feel like, and again I am saying this and this, I could be wrong But.


like I choose to believe that a lot of times when people cheat, they're not these like awful bad people. Like this isn't, and again there are those type of men or women that are like so narcissistic and sociopathic that it's like they're getting off on going behind their partner's back and making these decisions. But I do feel like that's like a two outta 10 scenario, right? A lot of times when people cheat it is this like deep seated insecurity or need for validation or they have sexual needs or there's a disconnect in the relationship, whatever it is, they're doing this and they're not thinking, they're not thinking about their partner and the ramifications it's gonna have and the emotional damage it's gonna do to their partner.


They're being selfish in a moment and they're acting on it and they're not thinking past that. If anything, they're not thinking. So my problem though with this decision is the layer of it being on your wedding day and leading up to your wedding, that is a very, very potentially like emotionally cutoff person to be in wedding planning to be talking about forever with someone to be walking down the aisle to be saying, I do to someone and all while sending pictures of their, their fucking suit on the day to their mistress, what the fuck? So let's make it less about his infidelity and more about like what is going on with your husband that he is so capable of something so hurtful and evil and we can choose to believe he's not the two outta 10, right?


That's like an evil person. So if I were you, I would say you need to get into couples therapy if you're gonna stay, he needs to get into individual therapy because again, who knows maybe the cancer, like he has lost all capacity to process emotions because he kind of shut himself off during chemo and was just like, I just, I I know. I, I can't speak for him. I'm just trying to think of like maybe something in that process made him really disconnect from his feelings and therefore his decisions of this person were his like ability to feel something that he wasn't getting from you in a stable relationship.


I don't fucking know. But you need to find that out in order to move forward in my opinion. And listen, I also wanna say like if this happened when you're writing this in and you just found this out, 'cause this is you said six months after the marriage or was it six months? You said you found this out even if this was like two months ago. When you're now writing in, you can always bring it back up. And to anyone listening, if you had accepted someone and forgiven someone from cheating and you now are listening to this or you're having regrets, you can always bring it back up in a thoughtful way of saying, Hey I know that I told you I could move past what happened in the cheating.


and I genuinely meant that in that moment, I love you and I wanna work this out and I still wanna work this out. But through time I have realized that I do not feel fulfilled and happy in this relationship in the context of everything that happened. I don't feel like I got full like resolution from that. I don't feel like I, I still feel anxious. I'm still finding myself being a bad version of myself. Like thinking maybe you're doing it again and thinking you're, so I realized that in order for us to move forward and to actually move forward, we could where we could try to actually genuinely rebuild to the place, not even that we were to not even that where we were before the cheating actually get to a better place, a more communicative place to really get to a place that we've never been.


I think we need to go to therapy and I am asking you to do couples therapy with me, but I also recognize this was an individual decision that you made. I don't fucking give a fuck every time everyone's like, it takes two to tango when someone cheats. Yeah, maybe, maybe in some situations. But what I don't fuck with is when someone goes and cheats and never fucking articulated to their partner what they were not happy with, that's then one sided. If you have consistently gone to your partner and said, I am not fulfilled in our sex life, we don't connect anymore physically, and then your partner is, is not meeting you where you guys can come together and be like, okay, how are we gonna work on this? If you have just been thinking this and you never gave your fucking partner the chance to redeem themselves or to fix something that they were fucking up on, or even if they weren't fucking up on it and you just have this need, you have to fucking communicate what you are missing in order for them to then participate in trying to fucking make it all better and to make you guys both feel fucking happy and fulfilled.


So cheating for sure. It can take two to tango where your partner is emotionally checked out and you keep asking them, can we please schedule a date night? Can you please pay attention to me? And they're never paying attention. And then you go cheat. I'm not justifying the cheating, but I am saying then it maybe is, I can lightly agree on the, it takes Sue to tango because you are begging your partner to feel seen, to feel heard or to meet you somewhere that you're asking them to meet you and they do not do it. Fine, fucking fine. But I would rather the person go and say, I before you cheat than you could. I just wish people would be like, I had really concerning Temptations tonight. There was this person at the bar or there was a person at work or whatever the fuck.


And I had these terrifying temptations and I think we need to go to therapy because I know I voiced this to you, but it got real tonight. and I wanna be real. I would never cheat on you, but it, it is lightly getting to the point where I'm feeling like very unhappy and I and I don't wanna be that person. and I don't wanna be that version of myself. I fucking wish everyone can handle it that way. Unfortunately that's not how this fucking goes. So what I will say back to your situation is you have to get to a place where you are. Okay, that's all I give a fuck about. I don't know your husband but your daddy, ying and I know you if you listen to this podcast. I feel like I know the vibe of the women that listen to this podcast and I feel like what you need to do is take care of yourself.


And obviously there has been a lot of trauma in this relationship, having your partner beat cancer, being there through the chemo, being there through all of this. I can only imagine the emotional connection and ties you have to this person and I completely understand trying to work something out. I do. I wish I could say I was better, but I'm, so my advice is creating a plan where you feel like you will feel better and more resolved because by you writing and asking, did I go too easy? You know your answer, you know that you feel like you went too easy and that's okay because half of the time when we are all like, I feel like whenever I got cheated on which time, no, when you get cheated on, there's so many like layers, almost like how you talk about, there's like the, what is it, like the X amount of stages of grief Is there like seven or five?


There's certain stages of processing, getting cheated on. There's the like, I don't need to go through them all, but we all know how it goes. If you've been cheated on of like being so shocked in the moment and hurt and you're the foundation of your reality has been completely shooken up and the person you thought you were with is not the person that you knew and now you're like, what is my reality? But then you're also like the person that you're closest to and you rely on just hurt you. So then you oddly want to be closer to them in that moment, but you're not supposed to want to be closer to them. There's so many things that happen. So that is my advice to you. I'm so fucking sorry. And I'm and I just wanna close out by saying I am so sincerely sorry to anyone who has gotten cheated on or is recently getting cheated on because it is a very, very isolating feeling that is so devastating and heartbreaking and your entire world feels like it's collapsing and it's really fucking difficult when you have people around you that love you so much and your friends and your family of understandably are gonna tell you fuck him or to leave and I while in moments.


I do believe that to be true. I think we have to understand that like relations are, relationships are so complex and relationships there's so much more than that moment. That was the cheating. It's like this is someone you loved, you live with, you're married to, there's so much and you have to unwind all of that before you can make a decision. And so anyone that makes it look easy, I can even sit here And, like I said earlier, being like, Ugh, I would leave Matt, you don't fucking know until you're in the moment and all of it's going down and you have to personally and individually decide what works for you.


No one else can fucking tell you. So I can sit here and I can give you advice, but you, all you need to do is make the decision that you know you can live with if you know you will be able to trust this person again. And you guys can work through this and you know you have a partner sitting next to you that is willing to do the work, that is willing to show up for you, that is willing to make sure that you can live without feeling like you need to check over your shoulder and look at his phone and worry when he is out. If you can get to that point, then you know your answer. It's different for everyone. I, love you. I'm so sorry. And it just fucking sucks. I fucking hate people that cheat. Like I think it just, yeah, it fucking sucks. I literally, I, I, I remember in college, like playing games as I was, I constantly made an effort as backwards as it was.


Like I remember my first like college boyfriend, but he was never my boyfriend because I made a very big annoying point to be like, we're not official. We're not official because I didn't trust myself and I didn't want to be be him able to be like, wow, you cheated on me. So yes, I was talking to other guys and was he heartbroken? Yes, but what did he know? Yes. Because I wasn't saying you'd be my boyfriend. Like I think there's a lot of situations where I know that the beginning days of this show, I would joke and be like, cheat or be cheated on. Yeah, with a lot of men, they're all fucking cheating. But what I know is like, it just, I just fucking think that people that cheat, there's just so much fucking damage and they're broken and there's something really fucking off about them that you can't fix.


And unless they're like, I'm getting into therapy, I recognize why I cheated was X, y, Z, and this is how I'm going to take the steps to make sure I never do that again. I would be out and you're gonna, there everyone's gonna be different. There are some people that will be like, I will do fucking anything. I feel Ill, I feel sick. I'm so fucking sorry. Sure words are great. Let's see the fucking actions. If you still feel terrified to open your husband's phone, that's not okay. That's not okay. So I'm sorry I, love you and you will get through this. and I think, don't bear this alone. I said this in my other solo episode of like the Paris episode.


Like, do not bear the weight of this alone. I know. It's really, really, really awful to share with a friend or a family member that you're having these thoughts again. And you're, it's embarrassing. Of course it's embarrassing. And you also are like, what if we do get to a better place and then will they hate him forever? That's fine. That's on them to that. It's not their relationship. Your relationship with them is your best friend or your family member that you're closest to. Your relationship with those people is when they are having a hard time, they come to you and vice versa. So don't not go to people because they're gonna judge your relationship. Deal with that after the fucking fact. Okay? You need support right now and you can't deal with this alone.


So find that person. It can be one fucking person that you know you can go to and say, I, I need you to not judge me here. I need you to know I'm trying to rebuild my marriage and I need your fucking support. 'cause this is really fucking hard. and I just need a friend that's not gonna judge me, that's not gonna tell me to fucking leave him right now. I need your fucking support of just handling this with me in moments when I come to you. And you should also get into therapy if this is weighing on you. Okay, Daddy Gang. Matt is back with my lobster roll. So I'm gonna go eat a lobster roll hopefully by this time. Yeah, new episodes of Tell Me Lies will be out. So hopefully, hopefully we're just like episode three and four are just gonna be riveting and just incredible and we're just gonna be having the time of our lives.


I. love you all. And I'm so excited to see you all on tour. I cannot wait to see where you guys go for your like pre-games and your early like drinks and food. Go get your tickets, meet up with Daddy Gang, meet friends. Meet like-minded people, and go enjoy yourself before the show begins. And when the show begins, I promise you I have so many surprises up my sleeve, many, many, many surprise guests. And yeah, I, love you, Daddy Gang. I will see you fuckers. Next Wednesday. Bye-Bye.


This episode is brought to you by Brooklinen. When I'm in my bed, I am the happiest person ever. I have my dogs in bed with me. I have my husband. I have even date nights in my bedroom. Okay? My bed is such an important part of my life. And even more so in the fall when the temperature drops, it gets a little dark earlier. I like to snuggle up. Okay? And that is why I'm so happy to be working with Brooke Linen. You guys know their sheets are incredible. They make it easy to shop by offering what they call hardcore bundles. They come with everything fitted sheet and a flat sheet and the duvet cover pillowcases. And you can choose the best fabrics and weaves that suit your needs. They have over 20 colors and patterns to choose from. Ready to build your dream fall, bed visit in store or online at Brooklinen dot com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. Get 15% off your first Brooklinen order, order and save extra when you bundle.


This episode is brought to you by car Yuma. Car Yuma sneakers are a must have this summertime. They are stylish, comfortable, sustainable. I'm wearing a sneaker out during the day out at night. and I want a cute sneaker with a good blue jean with a little white tea car. Yuma has 40,005 star reviews and you'll see them in Vogue and gq. And here's the thing, they never go on sale. So listen to this promo code because it's your only chance for a limited time. Call Her Daddy listeners can get an exclusive 20% off your pair of Carma sneakers. Go to C-A-R-I-U a.com/daddy to get 20% off. That's C-A-R-I-U a.com/daddy to get 20% off, only for limited time.