
Introducing Instagram teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. Alright, Buckle up. Good Job. New Instagram teen accounts. Automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent Lieb. Lnu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up? Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Heather McMahon. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Hi honey. How are you? I am obsessed with you. Oh. Just for context to everyone that doesn't know we met virtually while I was in Paris. Yes. You popped onto my live show. I had the best time with you. It Was so much fun. And it was like 6:00 AM at home and, and your team was like, Hey, do you have a couple wigs that you could just throw on real quick? And I'm like, yeah, sure. Let me just go down to my office and get my wigs. Yeah, it was fun. You pulled out all the stops. But I'm more Heather like how the fuck have we never met before? I know. I feel like this is now a kismet moment. Right. We've been circling in this, well, we've been like on the, you know, we've been circling around.


He's on the Outskirts. We Were, we were circling the drain and now we're just fully going to to the gutter. Because You're close with Jackie Shimmel. Yes. Jackie's like my best friend. Yeah. And every time I feel like she's ever, I've ever heard her talk about you, she's like, she's the funniest person I've ever met. Yeah. And I'm like, well, at first I thought Jackie was the funniest person I've ever met. And love you Jackie. I'm absolutely, you're funnier. Way more hysterical. Yeah, you're, You're funnier. I watched your standup, which we're gonna get to. Yeah. It's fucking amazing. You're so sweet. Thank You. No, like I was doing my makeup this morning watching it laughing like hysterically. I like That. It's fucking brilliant if you Like. That's the response I love when people are like, Hey, I think I got a UTI after watching your special. I'm like, I fucking did my job. It's How I felt. Also, I just want to let you know that I'm on like too many cups of coffee right now because Yeah, last night I didn't sleep for a fucking minute because, oh fuck.


My dog has explosive diarrhea. Diarrhea. Oh, I've been there honey. I have two French bulldogs. It is a dry heap. It is a, every morning I wake up and I bought like expensive sheets. That's one of the things I did when I started making money to treat myself. Classic. There is, my thread count is so fucked. There is a Frenchy bar every single night in the middle of the night so bad. But I feel like you would prefer a barf over diarrhea. Honestly, at this point it's all, all starting to look and smell the same. So it's not great either way it comes out. No, Heather, I literally was like, so I'm watching TV last night. Yeah. My husband falls asleep early. Yeah. It's like 1130. I'm watching like the perfect couple with Nicole Kidman. Oh. Which is, it's a thing. I've got feelings. I have feelings too, but you know, I, there's nothing to watch.


Right. So I'm like trying to enjoy myself. Matt's like, I can't watch this trash. I'm like, shut the fuck up then go to bed. Right. I hear the little Yeah. Noise and I'm like, Do you hear it from the stomach? Like the gurgle that wet gurgle. That's the worst. It's more of a little bit of like, Like like some farts. Yeah. Yeah. Some bubbles Like, oh my God, why am I Being demure? Being like, did did your doc fart? Like It? It was more of like a splatter. Oh like a, like a big splatter. People hate when I talk about shit on this show, but I don't give a shit. Okay. No shit. Come on. You're in your thirties and you haven't shit yourself at a Costco in the last six months. Then you actually need to see a doctor get your life. Right, Right. Like fuck off. Okay, so he's splattering.


Yeah. And I wake my husband up and I'm like, Matt, Bruce, just shit all over the carpet. Right. And Matt is like, okay, What do you want me to do? Go clean it up Now. I have never cleaned their shit ever. If it's like in the house, Matt is the best. And I wanna talk to about Jeff, your husband today. Yeah, We'll get into that. Yeah, let's talk about Jeff. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna talk about our husbands. Because I look at Matt like mortified. Matt never makes me really do much around the house. He's kind of like the house man. You know? I like that Ellen. We're the breadwinners. Yes. Well, Matt's also doing fine, but whatever. Yeah. So he won't get up. And I am on my hands and knees and I am doing the Clorox. I'm doing it all. Yeah. An hour later he shits again and two hours later he shits again. Yeah. So I, you are seeing a woman who is broken.


Today I'm seeing a woman who has literally had herself elbows deep in golden doodle doodoo. So I'm here for support. I actually been, have been having like the worst anxiety the last two days. Why? Just there's so much shit going on and this is what I've been looking forward to most. It's just like, I wear 65 different hats, dude. And literally I was at dinner last night trying to enjoy a nice, you know, portini risotto and I literally was like kind of like, you know, geeking out a little bit because It's just, do you get Anxious? Short circuiting? I thought I had a stroke at dinner and I was like, is it the Aperol spritz? Do I need a beta blocker? Do I need a lower D? Like what do I, A little bit of both. A little bit of both. I just took a Benadryl and I just let it fly. Do you get anxiety a lot?


I never really had bad anxiety until my life started getting good. Which is weird. I'm like, wait, what? I think it's a pressure thing. I think you just like, and I travel so much. Yeah. I think, I don't know like what time zone I'm in ever. Classic. Yeah. It was like when, when life was tough, I was just cruising. Right? When life got like, things started to, you know, start flowing. I think that's when I started to get anxious. Why? 'cause you think it's like there's more to lose. Like when you're on the up and up, you're like, I have nothing. I am worth nothing. I'm a loser when I lose rock bottom. I was like, fuck, let, pop is ride. And now I'm just like, oh, people are relying on me. There are comments on the internet. I don't know, we're, We're good. This is a safe space. The Daddy Gang is gonna fucking love you and you're funny as fuck.


And so you're funnier than probably everyone that I've had sit in this chair. Oh my God. So just do your fucking thing. Also, I know everyone calls you daddy and father, but my dad is dead. Can I just call you dad? I'm looking for a father figure in my life. Call Me dad. I'm here for you. I've, I've had a lot of girls reach out being like, I had a deadbeat dad. Like, you're my dad. You're my father figure. Whatever way I can fit in fatherly to your life. I appreciate that Heather. I'm so sorry about your dad. It happens, but it happens. Yeah, but I'm here. Okay. Okay. Great.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit, when you're working out, I don't know for you guys, but like I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to work out in and look great in every day life. You need to check out their performance jogger part of re's dream knit collection. The Performance jogger is great for stretching or lounging. It is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance joggers, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger. Like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends. What are you putting up on top? And then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay, so if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts or even just for lounge? Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her Daddy. That's VUOR i.com/ Call Her Daddy. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Introducing Instagram teen accounts. A new way to keep your teens safer as they grow. Like making sure they've got the right gear for ridings knee pads. Check and helmet done. See you dad. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see. Okay, we need to talk about golf because it consumes my life, Heather. Yeah. And I know a huge part of your standup is you talking about your fucking husband golfing. Yeah. And the fucking golf. And It is like, every woman understands it. The golf widow thing is so fucking real. Talk to me about like where you're at in your golf journey. Have you seen him lately? Has he been on the golf course often? Like what's happening?


I was, you know, getting full glam this morning, running around, taking calls, answering emails, and my husband's buddy put us in a group chat and sent me a photo. My husband's playing some prestigious course in the middle of nowhere. Like Rod, you know, upstate New York. Oh. And it's just like, look at, you know, look at big daddy swing. And I respond, I'm fucking working. Go home. Take care of our Frenchy children. Get the fuck outta here. You're like, I don't give a Fuck. I don't give a fuck if he's, you know, letting it rip. I need Oh, you're stuck in a sand trap. Not my problem. It's so crazy. Matt is having like the biggest existential crisis. 'cause his country club, even that word, it does make me kind of like clench my butt hole a little bit. He, he's our country club and you, I say you're a country club.


He's like, it's ours. Alex. Like, you are my wife now. Like you're a member. I'm like, I'm never going. I don't know. Maybe I will like, but he is freaking out 'cause it's getting closed for like some construction. Oh. Just The core scene. Oh. And So he's trying to get it, get it in, get it in. Let's go. We gotta go play. I am like, oh my God, you're never home. I have one stipulation. So we at, at our country club and I actually think you would thrive as a country club girly. I don't think people give country clubs. Yes, there are archaic practices there. Yeah. But I love gonna my country club. Okay. And so one, I grew up at the one my grandparents members of, I hang out with a pack of like 75-year-old women. They play bridge. We drink white wine and nobody gives me shit. Oh. You know what I mean? But I did say there is a stipulation like in our prenup because I am actually the, the actual member of the country club.


'cause I was a legacy. So my thing is, if like we ever divorce, like I get the club membership and if you don't think I'm going into the men's locker room and ripping Jeff's plaque off of his locker, you must not know me. Oh my God. You're gonna be married forever. Even if you hate him, he's never leaving you. Exactly. He's not. And I do have a great husband. So shout out to Jeff. We won't shit on you this whole episode. Yeah. But I do when I'm there. He got mad one day because they didn't know, like under our membership, you know, they would always refer to him as Mr. McMahon. Okay. And he got upset one day. He was like, you know, it's just, they don't know. I said, then Jeff correct them. Let them know that you are Mr. Daniels. 'cause I didn't take my husband's last name. Okay. I'm in entertainment. I didn't wanna do it. It's hard. Our kids will be Daniels live your life. And I was like, imagine what every woman feels like.


You know what I mean? If I check into a hotel and they refer to me as Ms. Daniels, I go, gladly. Right. Like, don't let that like bruise your ego. Right. Fucking pump the brakes buddy. You get a tee. Time to make It is so fucking true. They get like, I, I will be sitting in the hotel and Matt will hear like, hi Mr. Cooper. And he's like, who? And I'm like, it's okay Matt. Stand up for yourself or shut the fuck up. Like I have. And I will continue to have to do for the x amount of years that people will say like, hi Mrs. Kaplan. And I'm Mrs. Cooper. And I'm like, I don't care. I don't, I don't caret care because it's not emasculating me. My vagina's set and fine. Like I'm fuck. Good. I'm good. Let's talk About the golf aesthetic. Oh yeah, Let's talk about It. The golf outfits look pretty bad for women. Yeah. It's it's pretty farty.


It's, it's rough. It's a like a pleated chino short that tucks right underneath where your bra fat is. It's, it's absolutely awful. I'm trying to fix it. So gimme a little time. No, it's bad. But I'm trying to Fix it. How do you feel when Jeff saunters down in the morning wearing his golf outfit? Like are you okay with the male golf outfits or are you Like, okay, so the way I feel about it is, you know, I, I say this in the special, but like any man who wears a visor, that's an immediate, my vagina just shrives up. Because here's the thing. First of all, it looks like you can't afford the whole hat. You know what I mean? I don't know. These men visors. And then my husband will drive home from like the golf course. You know, sunroof is open. He's had a good match. He's singing, you know, Natasha Bedingfield feel the rain on my skin.


And he is like, hair is like flipped over the visor. So he comes in sweaty and a Peter Malar shirt grass on his chinos. And I just go, I'm not trying to have sex with you right now. Why Do they come back horny after golf? It's don't. No, because they feel empowered. 'cause they went out and won $5 on the golf course and then they're like, let's fucking do It. So I was thinking about that in your special Yeah. 'cause I'm like, okay. They come home and Matt does the same thing. Like Matt is successful. Like he does great business. He will come home and be like, I won 50 bucks. Yeah. And I'm literally like, he's Like, fuck, you're ready to blow me. We're like, no, take a shower. You smell like the outdoors. Get outta here. But they're so excited about like that $5 or that 10 'cause they conquered something.


It's work is one thing. But when you're out there, when you're in a foursome with guys and they're, you know, it's all shit talking and they're like, oh, here goes Jeff. He's got a 40 foot putt and he makes it. There is nothing that gives a man a bigger boner than sinking a putt. It's infuriating. It is infuriating. And I try and think about like, it, like what makes me that horny? And I think it, I'm really stepping up my golf game because I played growing up. Okay. And now I'm like, I really do. I wanna play 'cause it's a great sport, but I also just wanna steal the joy of the, you know, the one thing that gives Jeff Joy one thing and he's like, I love when you play with me and we have a great time. We go out and it's like, I mean I, you know, I drink wine and Yeah. You know, rip some old cigs and just have a blast in the outdoors. Whoa. But I am trying to get better to beat him. 'cause I do, I need that for my ego.


Right. You're like sneaky on the competitive, you're like, oh, I guess I'll play too, Jeff. Meanwhile you're like getting sessions in the back. You're getting full like coaching sessions. I have Three coaches right now. I have some, I have a gal on the LPGA shout out to Maria Fosse who I send videos to. And she literally is like, we gotta tighten up the swing. Oh yeah. I'm getting good. But Jeff doesn't even know. So one day you're gonna come Through. No, he didn't. He's gonna hear this and be like, you bitch, you Liar. Okay. So we don't roast our husbands this entire episode. No. I'm the best he puts up with my shit. I was, Jeff is the only person who can look at me and be like, sit down, shut the fuck up. You're being crazy. And I'm like, yes sir. Yes. Yes. Okay. Daddy. Yes, Papa. Yes. I was gonna say, give me some, like, talk about some of your favorite things about Jeff because then we're gonna keep roasting them.


Yeah, yeah. And then we'll get right back to the roast. No, Jeff is honestly like, you know, it's interesting if you ever like hang out with other couples. Yeah. And you can tell they're not actually buddies. Like Jeff is my buddy. Oh. I mean, yeah. We fuck hard. But like, he's my buddy. I don't wanna hang out with anybody else other than him. Like of course I love hanging out with my friends, but like of course we fucking giggle together. And I think that's No, It's what you Need. It's what you need because you're stuck with this person. No, And it's so true. Like, I used to cringe online when I would hear people being like, he's my best friend. Like, no. He is like, Matt is my best friend. If you're not your friend, what are you doing Now? Right, right. Just don't like say it like that. Like girls being like, he's my best friend and we bought our forever home together.


I don't just, We have snatching butterfly tattoo. Like I've got one wing. He is the other. Like, okay, then you're, it's absolutely headed for divorce. Tone it down. Also, Jeff is, you know, I mean, listen, I'm a comic. I get up on stage, I rip him a new asshole. I talk about, you know, personal, intimate things in our life and he lets me do it. And not that he like, gives me permission, but I said early on I was like, you know, I need you to be cool with me. Yeah. Talking my truth and from my point of view, my perspective. And he is like, honey, I never, he, he's so proud of me when I'm on stage and seeing him get excited when I am having a moment. There is no ego in him. He's never threatened. He's like, go let it rip. Do your fucking thing. And that's what makes me horny. So he's horny on the golf course.


I come off stage and he's like waiting in the wings. He's like, you fucking crushed. I'm like, I am ready to sit on your face. Yes. I'm getting kind of horny right now too. I know. We went from anxiety. I'm a little horny. I mean, I don't know this, this is a wave of emotions here. No, It is. When you start talking about sex on this show, sometimes people are like, oh, I gotta leave and go fuck my husband or my fiance or whoever the fuck. So enjoy. You're welcome. Jeff, you're so successful as a comedian. Have you always been funny? Like, talk to me, you as a child, like what was going on? Is Heather funny? Yeah, I, well I, you know, I was a fudgy kid. I, and, and that I was a kid who like always had like a quarter pound of fudge in their, in their backpack. So yeah. I think I had to be, be funny. But no, I, I always, you know, I was always in theater and I always knew I wanted to do comedy.


I mean, since I was like six, I was like, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna tell jokes. And I, the first time I did standup was at my junior prom and I roasted the senior class and that was like one of those pivotal moments. I was always doing theater and I was like, you know, think about how awkward high school is most awkward time of your life. Right. I must be a sociopath if I was like, I'm gonna go up there and roast the seniors. No, do standup like that could have been social suicide. We need to pause because Hold on. Yeah. You did standup at your prom Pause. Yeah. Are you at the prom, like also with the date? Yes, I am with a senior who invited me. So you Are in a gown? I'm in a gown and no one knew.


So yeah. So I, I pop up literally like from under a table with a microphone. I'm like, are y'all ready to rock? Like, So embarrassing. We have the video of it and it's just, it's insane. It's, it's, I have never heard of this like at a prom, there's usually like a band. No, I was the surprise entertainment. Yeah. Yeah. It was insane. And so I get up and I do like 20 minutes and I remember walking off stage and thinking, oh fuck, I have to do this forever. So then I just, I kind of never stopped because You just knew. I knew. Yeah. But like, were you confident? Like you didn't give a fuck what people were gonna think about you at school? I honestly, no. And I, listen, I went to the same school from kindergarten through 12th grade.


Okay. So you never, so I also wasn't trying to impress these fuckers anymore. Okay. But no, I think that like, listen as a comic, if you don't feel like a touch cringey when you're trying out new shit Yeah. Then you're not doing it. Right. True. Right. But no, I just, there was nothing, there was no other feeling in my life that I wanted to chase as much as that feeling of making people laugh, love. And I'll tell you another, we're really gonna boost Jeff now, but when I, I was living in New York when I met Jeff, we've been together a long time. And I looked at him one day and I said, listen, I gotta go to la I gotta follow this, I gotta scratch that itch. And he, we were sitting in like a Buca depo or some shit, stop. And he's like, I love you so much. And he's like, follow your dreams. And in that moment I was like, oh fuck, I'm gonna marry this guy.


Stop. Yeah. We were long distance for like eight years. Yeah. What I know it's, it's, I have girls call me all the time. I'm like, Heather, I'm long distance. It's been like three months with my boyfriend. I'm like, if you're not thriving in your own zone and if that person can't handle y'all doing your own thing, then you don't need to be together. Okay. Long distance. Where you, he stayed in New York and you went to LA? Yes. And well, I was only in LA for like four or five years. Okay. But then I moved back to Atlanta after my dad passed and Jeff was finishing like a graduate program in New York. Right. We were just back and forth. I mean, we, we just made it work. Never a breakup, never a pause. It was just always me and Jeff Daddy. Okay. Because I'm gonna be real. Yeah. You and Jeff Daddy are defined the odds because I have been the little cunt in my podcast. Sometimes it'd been like, I don't know if like long distance is worth it.


I used to say that also in college. Mostly because I'm like, enjoy your college. It's also not worth it because Right. If you're in college, you're, you're probably cheating on you. But you like, let's be honest, If you're in college right now listening to this with a long distance boyfriend, you're getting cheated on. Yeah. Leave it also just say, Hey, we're gonna break up during college. I'll see you when you're working for Goldman Sachs and you're outta here. Done. No. What are we doing? Done? Yeah. I think that was really my vision was like, it's just too hard in college. However, when you are adult and you can make it long distance work. Yeah. It's amazing. But that takes very secure people. Yeah. To have trust and to be okay with that long distance. But like, good for you guys. He used to come to all my comedy shows and this is like when I was in New York and I, you know, performing for 10 people in an audience underneath the Brooklyn Bridge.


And he'd be in his little suits from his real estate job and he'd sit on the front row and people thought he was my manager. No. So we were like, wow, your manager is like really dialed into your career. And I'm like, oh no, no, no. I blow that guy. Stop. Stop. Honestly, that was probably kind of hot. You're like, he's so hot. You, you're like looking at him like he's your business manager. You're like, Ooh, we're not supposed to, but we should. Let's go fuck in my car. We a hundred Percent. Yeah. I Love that for you Guys. Yeah. And the Jetta, I, I only sold the Jetta about three years ago. Kind of wish I would've kept it. We, the Jetta was the first car I ever wanted and then I just could never get a first car until like, I started making my own money. Yeah. My parents were like, we're never getting you a car. Never get it. So get a job. And I was like, oh, okay. But I always wanted a Jetta. Jetta. Shout out to Volkswagen, shout out. You know, hopefully they're a great company.


Sponsor Us sponsors. I would love a new Jetta. I'm really, when I sold that car, I was actually sad about it. It's a cute car. It's like a car. And I got girl car. Sensible. I didn't go gwa. I went, you know, hybrid Audi Q five, shout out to Audi Sponsorship. I think I'm gonna, I want the Cayenne. 'cause that was the, it's the best car that the car my dad had and I really want it. I was like, that's when I know. I think I might buy it. No, That was like, I realized that shit from your childhood really sticks with you. When I went to a private prep school that like I really couldn't afford, I got like a soccer scholarship for high school and I didn't have a car. And so I'm taking the bus every day and these bitches are rolling in with like Maseratis because their daddies are so fucking rich. Yeah. And I remember there's this one bitch that had this cool PORs, it was the Cayenne and she had it like, it was a white one with like black wheels.


And I was like, whenever I get my first paycheck, that's it. That's me not working at my smoothie shop job. Yeah. Like I'm getting the fucking Porsche. And the first thing that I bought for myself for a car was the Porsche. And I'm like, the only reason I still got it was because I think of that girl, I can't Say her name, it's that core memory, but it's that core memory being like, fucking Michelle has it. Yes. I'm getting it. I was like, and I'm like, I don't even know if I actually wanted the Porsche. I was literally just like living out my like high school insecurity being like I finally got it. Yeah. And now I'm like, do I like it? I actually do sponsor me. Okay. You went to University of Mississippi? Oh yeah. Hotty Totty. Can you explain your experience in three words? Oh yeah. Okay. Unhinged. Okay. Full throttle. That's too, that's too, But who Gives a fuck? Okay. Unhinged mayonnaise.


What? And just elated you. I had the best four years of my life. Shout out to the University of Mississippi. I just did a show for them last week and I, I loved it. My college experience was amazing. Out of this world. Wow. Yeah. Like from freshman year. From Freshman year. Here's the thing, I even being from the south, 'cause I grew up in Atlanta. I didn't know anything about Mississippi. Oh, the neither. The reason I ended up at Ole Miss is because it was the only college that led me. You're like, actually when I got accepted I was like, fuck no. But then you got there and you're like, I thought I was gonna go to Pepperdine and do like theater arts. Like imagine me in Malibu. No, no. Absolutely not. No.


So I thought I was gonna go to Pepperdine. It was two weeks before graduation and I didn't get in because I thought I was gonna go to their prestigious theater program. Oh yeah. Well here's the thing. I was student body president, but a blind cat could have done better on the SATs. I'm not a, I'm not a Scholastic test taken kind of guy. Me either. On paper. It's rough. Okay. So I didn't get in and I was, I remember sitting down with like the college counselor and she's like, there's two schools that have good theater departments and they still are taking applicants. It was Alabama and Ole Miss, I swear to God out my hand on the Bible. No, I visited Alabama. I'm in Tuscaloosa. I'm at like the Sigma Kai house. I watched a man snort cocaine off a chicken tender. And I said, I called my daddy and I said, I'm going to ole miss like I like to party, but this is, this is another world.


This is some next level shit. Yeah. So I showed up in Oxford, Mississippi. I didn't know anybody. I did the sorority rush. I had the time in my life. I don't know how I got into a good sorority. Like all of the things, it just clicked. And I, and I, we own a home there now. I bought a house in Op Oxford. You did. I go back all the time. I love it. Hold on. Cocaine on a chicken finger. Yeah. Yeah. It was a lot. It was. And you know, in the south we got juicy tenders. It's not like a light, it's not like a like a a, it's not a slim tender. A thick Boy. It's a thick boy. And I just remember going, I don't know if I'm gonna, that's Some real shit. No, I love that. Your honesty is like, I love Ole Miss. Like it was my, it's the only place I got accepted. But like, who cares? You end up And that's I think a great note for anyone that's in high school listening.


God, I maybe there are people that listen in high school. There are, You'd be surprised. Yeah. You guys like, it really doesn't matter where the fuck you go to school. It doesn't matter. And you'll find your spot. Like I remember being so devastated thinking, okay, I'm not gonna be this like, you know, Shakespearean actor, what, what is going on? And I ended up like it's the, it's the greatest joy in my life. And also I would not have met my husband. 'cause my best friend Tina, who works with me and helps run my production company, she was from New York. So this bitch flies down, we're both in the theater department. I'm like, where the fuck are you from? She's like, where the fuck are you from? And she's the One who introduced me to my husband. So I had to go all the way to Mississippi to find a Yankee. It's, oh my God, it's so meant to be. Yeah. Also, you mentioned sorority life. I played soccer so I didn't, I still to this day don't fully understand sorority life.


And I feel like what I'm seeing on TikTok may not be the exact representation of what it maybe used to be. 'cause now bitches are like synchronized dancing and stuff, which maybe it was back then, but, okay. Lemme, Can you walk me through, it's really wild. I get asked this a lot about what my sorority life experience is like. Okay. I do think you're right. Social media has completely changed the game. Oh my God. I mean, when I went to college, I hate to date myself, but it was the first year that Facebook came out. So, you know, I didn't have to worry about somebody looking at my online profile. True. I just showed up in a lily Pulitzer skirt and was like, y'all ready to fucking do this? Or what? I was pledge class president. I was bid day chair. I had the best time. And also like I see girls online that talk about hazing. No one hazed my ass. I showed up to the Delta Gamma house at the University of Mississippi.


I had a monogram pillow with my name on it and a new, you know, bottle of like barefoot white wine. I had the time of my life, but also I'm five 10. You don't really haze Fuck With you who's large and in charge. No, I would stop. I was gonna fucking say like, I feel like when I'm watching on, on TikTok right now is like, first of all the dorm situation. Yeah. How are the, like I showed up with the jansport backpack. Oh yeah. And I had like a duffle bag and I like threw shit in that I like bought off of eBay. I don't know. What do you got? Like a bed, bath and beyond? Like I had a bed in a bag. Yes. That's what you did. I called my roommate who I had never met before. And I said, what color scheme are we going with? We did lime green, hot pink and black. And literally a bed in a bag. You got the, you got the comforter, the, the one sheet you only had one set of sheets.


That's it. Only one. There was a changing your sheets. That's it. And then I got, I remember like the, when the first day of school started, they had those like poster sales and I got like Channing Tatum on one wall of course. And then I got like hot girls asses. 'cause I was like, this will really, like, the guys will think we're cool for this, they'll love this. They'll think I'm hot if they see hot girls on my wall. 'cause that makes sense. That makes So much sense. Yeah. So I don't understand when they're like, let's do a transformation. And they do the click and it goes from like a dreary dorm room to immediately it's like, you look like you're in a fucking palace. How the fuck? I have a sorority sister who, that's her job now she runs, has a whole business where she redoes the ole miss dorm rooms. Wow. They have like antiques in the room. They're built. I mean I had literally like three those stacked from plastic bins.


Then you, you get it like staples. Yes. I didn't even go to a container store. I went to like Office Max and I put my thongs in there and like a bottle of like bourbon that was rolling around in the back. Like nothing about my room. I had a desktop, Alex, I didn't even have a laptop. My dad ran an IT company and he was so afraid that somebody was gonna like steal my identity. And finally I called him. I was like, dad, I gotta get a laptop. Like I can't be the person lugging the desktop on a dolly all the way up to the library. Like, what the fuck are we doing here? What Is happen? Yeah. I was also a theater major so I didn't really need, you know, computer, but, but Still the point is, is like it was, it is different right now. Yeah. And I do believe some of the bitches on TikTok are really going above and beyond for social media.


Like if you're someone at college right now that is literally just bringing your PBT sheets and you got a book bag, that's all you Pbt, pottery Barn team. Oh my God. That was lux. That was the shit. Do You remember when jersey sheet, like Jersey sheets came out and it felt like you were rolling around on a pair of Levi jeans really actually not comfortable and not sweat wicking. I remember my mom is like a gift. Send me the jersey pottery quarantine sheets. And I was like in flames when I woke up. I thought I had the flue so fucking hot. I Remember I got like these dark gray ones. Yeah. And the first time a guy came on my sheets and I only had again, one fucking pair. Yeah. One. So I was just looking at that shit like, damn, I'm fucked. And I just left it there. You took a Credit card later on after the come and dried and you were like trying to scrape it off.


You were like, we'll just get that off at the end. It's fucking disgusting. Yeah. Anyways, okay, so you were rushing, you got into your sorority. Can you like tell me like, do you remember like your chance? Do I remember my chance? I thought you would never ask. So interesting enough. So I went to the home chapter, Delta Gamma was founded at the University of Mississippi. It was a big deal that they let a woman not from Mississippi into the sorority, I don't know who wrote me a wreck, but they, they saw my ass coming and they said she's got potential. Damn. Yeah. So I, it was funny during rush, so we used to do this thing called a door song. Okay. And you might've seen it on band with TikTok. Now they banned it. But like, so somebody comes and knocks on the door. Okay.


The door opens and like 200 girls hit the deck. I was always on the bottom 'cause I was beefy. So I'd be on the bottom of this door holding up the weight of my sorority sisters on me. And we'd be like, Dee ELTA delta D-E-L-T-A and do this whole thing. And then what would happen is everybody would get off the dogpile and run out and grab a girl who's rushing. Okay. So you're like running through the lawn being like, Emily, Emily, where are you? And you had to pretend like you didn't know who they were, but you had like, had giant cards. I mean, you're studying them and then you're like looking around like, I can't see her. And then this little girl Emily pops outta the bush. She's like, it's me. And then we would run him through the DG house. And of course since I was on the bottom I was like, breathless.


So by the time I got up, I would literally be like, where's Emily? Emily from Jackson, Mississippi. Are you here? You're like, you're all your makeup is gone. You're drench. I Am so moist. It's, it's, it's like, it's not healthy. Your back is blown out. It's awful. You have nothing left to give. I have nothing left. Like fucking tall. Then you crab them in this room, this chapter room and you know, we're like sitting at them like breathing hot fire breath on them just being like, trying to get 'em to cry. To be like, do you wanna be here? These is the greatest day of my life. I ate it up though. I had the time of my life. Oh My God. What do you think you loved about it? 'cause it's a little culty. No, It's, but I really just met all my best friends there.


Love. And again, I, there was not hazing. Yeah. So when I see girls that had like a really, like if they ever lined us up and like circled our fat, I would've been like, I win. I get it. Just y'all go home. Right. I'm the fattest one. I put on 45 pounds my freshman year. Like, just y'all go home. Right. Fuck. I it was a lot of, I mean, we did like philanthropy work. We had raging parties. It really was not toxic. I'm sure a couple bitches, you know? Yeah. I mean, we fought a couple times, but I was also kind of the black sheep. Like, I was always sent to standards 'cause I was smoking cigarettes standing up. That's, that was a weird rule. If it, you know, if you wanna smoke a cigarette, if you wanna rip a heater, you gotta sit down, cross your legs. Wait, what? Yeah, because you gotta look ladylike. Oh my God. So you can smoke cigs, but you just have to do it.


You like To sit down. So if I was standing up, I could, but if I was sitting down having a cigarette, that's kosher. You know? Do you still to this day sit down? Or do you stand up? I only have, I hope my life insurance policy doesn't hear About this. They're like, I love a, I'm kidding. Hypothetically, allegedly. I love just a cig. When I'm in Italy, it's my vacation cig, but I'm not a smoker. Okay. Contrary to popular belief, people hear my voice. I, I'm not a smoker. You've got a great voice. But can I also say to this younger generation, I, I really get concerned about, I was at the college bar the other day and we have the bar in our town called the Library. Oh, cool. So when my dad would see my, all my charges, oh, he called me one day and was like, God, damnit Heather, return your fucking books to the library.


This is insane. Stop. He didn't know it was a bar. Oh yeah. It's my favorite bar in America. She's Oh. But, but literally I see these kids, like, everybody's ripping the vape and they're all passing it around. I know. And I turn to a young man in the bar and I go, honey, this is how you get mono or cold sores. I don't know what we're doing here, but y'all all need to just have your own vape. I would Heather No, no. I thought you were gonna say something completely different. What You Supposed, this is how you're gonna get lung cancer. No, Fuck 'em. No, no, no, no. I'm worried about Epstein bar virus. I'm not worried about their lungs. Okay, come on now. I don't have time for that. Instead of being like, you don't, you shouldn't have them.


You're like, just each of you get your own stack up. I'm like, This is why you guys are all gonna have strep throat. Get your own, see your life Together. Daddy Gang. Stop. Juing Stop. Juing. We're done. Okay. I know you refer to yourself as the elder millennial. Is that, that's true, right? Well, Yeah. I mean, I, I am, I'm, I'm, you know, 37. You're a young woman. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. I am young, youthful. You're Very young. Thank you. I wanna talk about some of the millennial trends. Okay. And I want to hear your take is, do you think we should bring them back? Or how do you feel about them in general? I'm so excited for this Side parts. Oh, let me tell you. There is nothing more dramatic, more old Hollywood glam than a side part.


I was actually in my sorority house the other day and I found my old composite photo. It was such a deep side part. It started at the base of my jaw. Okay. It was just a thick comb over comb. I had no eyebrows. But I, me either, I think the middle part, like I'm fighting for my life right now. I have an intense cowlick. And if you knew the amount of time, effort, and orbe dry texture spray that is holding me together. Wait. 'cause which way do we go? Which way does your hair Usually go? It's naturally it should go this way. So It wants to be comb over. It Wants to go full Donald Trump. Yes. It really does. I love a deep side part. You know, obviously, you know, if you do the deep side part and we do the stick straight, like the chi straightener, it's not a good look.


It's, it's really not a good look. And I feel like depending on what phase you're at in your life, like when I look back at pictures of myself as a young girl, yeah. I was objectively not, I wasn't like the cutest. Okay. I really, it's the same. It really wasn't. It wasn't me. I didn't know that though. No. No one pulled me aside and said, let's blend a smoky eye. Let's draw in our eyebrows. No, let's maybe go for a, a leisurely walk so we can get some steps in. I was deep, deep throating like, you know, hot pockets chugging bourbon. I had not a care in the world. But you were happy. I was. I've never been happier. No. Now, now I'm getting everything I want and I'm like, God, this fucking sucks.


So like, I wanna go back to the good old days. Yeah. But it's true that like, when you don't have the eye for it, I guess I can say when I look back at pictures of myself, there is a difference between a side part and the comb over. And when you do the comb over and you're not going for Hollywood glam, like you're not going to an event and you're just looking for the side part, it can really look busted. So I think it, I think you're right. It depends on what, what you're doing with it. But I would say the side part is usually a flop. Okay. Alright. You know what? Fair enough. But you also have a perfect straight line through your head. So, oh, I just think that you need to be a little more inclusive to the cowlick community. No, that's all I'm saying. You wanna Hear something crazy? What? I have a fucking cowlick base where Yeah, exactly.


The amount of time that I spent Ho ho Pushing, pushing, moving gel starts at 7:00 AM Bitch and it's fucking almost two o'clock in the afternoon. The sit was, it was sitting. Yeah. Sitting melting press. And the little clips and the clips. I, I'll go to an event, I'll be about to walk the red carpet and I'm like, take the clips out. Remove the Clips last minute. Always. Yeah. I the amount of gel and like shit that I had to get to this point. Yeah. And I sleep with it sometimes like that. Oh wow. Yeah. I'm dedicated Sociopath. I love it. It's the trauma from childhood where I like look back at those curvatures that I was putting over my fucking hand. It looked so fucking bad that I am straight apart and I will never deter.


Have you ever had side bangs? No. Well, I did go through a little bit of an emo phase. Oh I was always, yeah. But I would be at the, like the Van's Warp tour in like junior high and I would always be in like a full Hollister outfit and a Puku shell necklace. I still dress like Dave Matthews band esque. But I was at Cing, you know, something corporate Simple Plan or one of those bands. We stop. I feel like we would've been friends. Like I was, I went through such an emo phase and I would do the colorful like skinny jeans with like a band t-shirt. I was obsessed with Simple Plan, blink one, two, then I went into All Time Low. I had all these different, like I was obsessed with Avril Levine. I wanted to be her. Oh. Or Avril Levine is, I remember being like a, you know, a chubby sixth grader and I'd come home and I'd put her CD in.


I like, I, because you know, we, we, we had a little money. So I had this sixth disc changer and I would just literally be like, I'm in the sun. Yes. In the sun. It's just like rage out. My mom would be like this one, I was naturally, I would think like happy, like I didn't wanna be emo, but I loved the concept of being emo. If that makes sense. We're dramatic. You were dramatic. Yeah. We're A little dramatic. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. That is annoying. Okay. How do you feel about tall Uggs?


Introducing Instagram Teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. Alright, buckle upop. Good Job. New Instagram teen accounts. Automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see. Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business. Easier Call. Visit Us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today.


Atlantic Union Bank. Anyway. You bank, How do you feel about tall Uggs? Oh God. Okay. Well here's my thing. My best feature on my body is my thin ankle. Okay. I never, I mean, look at that. Have you ever seen a nice more developed thinner ankle? That is A very nice Ankle. It's a very nice ankle. Thank you. Because it Gets Thin. It's very thin. And I also have nice toe cleavage. Oh. I've been told from the toe, the foot fetish community that my foot while very wide in a shoe, the top of my toes is apparently very sensual. Really? Have you ever thought about making a couple bucks? I have. But I did see that one person left me a bad review on Wiki feets and it's knocked my rating down to like a 3.5.


Wait, very upset. You're not actually on Wiki feets, are you? What the fuck? I didn't Know it was a thing. And somebody at one of my shows was like, Hey by the way, I just want you to know, like your rating went down on Wiki Fes. I was like, what? What the fuck is Wiki feets? Dude, Heather, I'm not kidding you. I'm convinced that almost every single man in the world has a foot fetish. You know, Here's the thing, it's not hurtful. No, it's not hurtful. It's just fascinating. I would, I would do OnlyFans in a heartbeat if dudes wanna send me money Yeah. To look at my little piggies. That's what you gotta do. Fantastic. And it's just, it's natural too. It's natural. It's either You got it or you don't. No one's getting like foot implants. No one's getting like foot. Yeah. Really fake. It's, you got it. Or you don't. And if you got it, flaunt it. I would like to say, 'cause you have such a huge international platform. Yes. I, you know, big Nike fan.


But I've got a wide, wide girthy foot. Okay. And if you guys could send me some pairs cut in a wide, that would be fantastic. I go online and the only pair that's in an extra wide is an orthotic. So please, for the love of God, make a wide in an Air Force one. Okay. Sorry. I had to take that opportunity. I could've, I could've said something to like find peace in the Middle East, but instead I'm like, can I get a custom Nike in a wide, 'cause my toes are falling asleep. Neither. They're literally coming on here and being like, what other brand deals did I wanna get out of this episode? Yes. I'm Obsessed. What are we getting? We're getting a Porsche. We're getting a P. We're getting a Jetta. Jetta. An Audi. Audi. And Free Shoes for Life. And Or Bay. And Uggs. And Uggs. Okay. Thank you.


Wait, back to the Ugg. Okay, so the Uggs. So Lemme tell you, I'm having a lot of fun. I'm having a lot of fun with you too. Okay. Back to the Uggs. Okay. Here's the thing. To be fair, sometimes it's also hard to podcast with people that, like, my favorite podcasting usually is when people podcast for a living. Because like, you know how to, how to do, do it to do it. So thank you. Thank you for showing up today. Anytime. Okay. Tall s Okay. Tall SII don't like a sweaty calf. Okay. You know, I, I, I would wear them. I went to a Christian school so we had to wear the uniforms. And in the winter that was a thing. You wore the tall Ugg, you Could wear them with your uniform. Oh yeah, we could wear 'em. We didn't have to wear like Mary Jane's or anything. I'd wear a tall U with my little like Catholic school girl, the uniform. And I just remember huffing it, you know, through the parking lot. Just like, these are fucking hot. Wait, did you have boys at your School?


We did. What The fuck, Heather? I went to an, I went to a full co-ed K through eight. I was like in Catholic school. Really? And I had to wear the plaid skirt and I used to have to say this to like my boyfriends. So I'm like, I know it sounds hot. Like I was fucking hideous. Yeah. And it's not a sexual fantasy. Okay. Now I'd look hot in it, but back then it was like to the knee and if not, they'd slap you with the fucking ruler. Oh yeah. Literally old school shit. And then we had to have the thigh highs. They weren't thigh highs. They went to the knee and they were the big socks With the Mary Jane shoe and with the Mary Jane. And then they changed to saddle shoes at one point, which was like the black and the white shoe. And then we had the collared shirts. That wasn't hot. We Had the whole uniform. We could wear the socks, but we, in the winter, they would allow us to wear the Uggs. Okay. And then eventually they got pants. 'cause I think I like walked into the principal's office and said, I'm fucking freezing.


Okay. And I'm a heavy set. So if I'm cold, imagine what these thin bitches are feeling. This is unbelievable. We have rights. We do Have rights. Fuck you. Fuck You. Okay. Yeah. Soul cycle. Oh, well that's a little triggering. I, you should have warned me that you were gonna bring that up on such a trigger platform. Trigger. I worked at SoulCycle. Okay. What in West Hollywood? Around the corner. Yeah. Tell how what I, when I moved to LA, I needed a part-time job. Okay. And I couldn't get a job at a restaurant, which was really weird because I had worked at someone like the best restaurants in New York. I had this crazy, you know, Michelin star experience and I could not get a job working as a bartender, even like a hostess in la. Please. Why do you think Because I wasn't a porn star.


That's why I wore a sensible, supportive bra to work. I would show up to these like interviews with this insane New York resume and they were like, but are your nips hard? You know, stop. That's like I could make 'em hard. Gimme 10 seconds. I'll be right back. Yeah. I mean, I would go and I would think that I was going for like a nice, you know, like, like a, an interview at Spago and they were like, actually we have a nightclub and we were wondering if you wanna be a promoter. I'm like, fuck off, I'm 23 years old. I should not be roaming the streets of Los Angeles trying to get people to come to your nightclub. That's annoying. So I ended up at SoulCycle and I remember my interview, I was interviewing to be on the front desk and they, but I said, 'cause I wanted to let them think that like I was here for the long haul. Of course I remember saying like, obviously I'd start with the front desk and I understand you have to work your way up, but my goal is to eventually be an instructor.


No. And the girl interviewing me was just like, yeah, we're good. Nothing about you says like, you know, star of the fitness community. Oh. But I actually had a great time. SoulCycle was so fun. I met my best friends. My buddy Raymond, shout out to Ray. He's still one of my best friends. That's fine. We used to get in trouble 'cause we would work at the front desk and be like, you know, gravely hungover of course. And I'd be eating like a Chipotle burrito bowl and a diet Dr. Pepper. And finally my manager said, Heather, this is like a fitness studio. People don't, celebrities don't wanna come in and work out when you're like dry heaving over a Barbara coa bowl, get your shit together. No. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of love that for you. You're like, you know what though?


Like, this is me and this is who I'm gonna be. And I'm only at the front desk. So like, you can go back there and fucking work out. I'm sorry Heather. I've gone on one of the bikes before. Yeah, I, when I was working this ad sales job, they were like team bonding. Let's go across the, the street and like during lunchtime, go on the fucking SoulCycle bikes. It hurt. Izzy dropped. Yeah. It's not great. It's not like a good horseback riding where you're like, I'm getting a little turned on. It's rubbing my Clinton the right way. Yeah. This is like physical pain. No, this is where your urethra is just ripped off. Like you have road rash, but it's on your pee hole. It's, I'm getting like bruises and then like you go to sleep that night, you can feel like your pelvis area like Hurt pulsating. Not in a sexual way, but then actually once you do it two or three times, then you're in it. But see, I knew how to work the system there.


Who I would, you know, all these big celebs would come in and I would slip my little business card that I made on like Vista print. Wow. Okay. How to have my headshot on it. And I would slide it into their like bags and I'd be like, if you ever need an assistant, if you ever need somebody to open for you on the road, please ask me. Oh my God. So funny. I did that to Whitney Cummings and I must've given her 10 business cards. She never once called me and then we're buds now. And I literally was like, Whitney, I need you to just know that I used to drop my business card. I mean, this was 10 years ago. You're Like, Whitney, I was either down to be your assistant or open for you. Yeah. And I didn't neither so fuck you. But I also Love you. Fuck you. But now I'm a guess on your podcast. So boom. It was, it was amazing. I loved it. So we love SoulCycle. Okay. Skinny jeans. Ooh. Again, I am pro skinny jean because I do want to flex my best asset.


But I mean, God, that for me, you know, you said your crotch her during SoulCycle. I always had a yeas or, or a UTI from a skinny jean. It just was so tight. Right in the grundle. It can't be worse than jean shorts though. Oh, I don't fuck with jean shorts. You don't? No. What are we doing here? I dunno. No, absolutely not. I'm not fucking with a jean. Short. What? I'm pushing 40. You know, I need to be in a jean. Short. Get outta here we are. So are you just, What are I doing here? Do I Of course You wear jean shorts. You do. I think I do. Are you lying? No, I, I Is that the first time You've lied on this podcast? Say You It is here.


Can I tell you I'm in a, I'm in a tough spot. I put on a little weight and I had all these jean shorts that I bought from Zara and I just, I tried 'em on the other day and I was like, it's it, it's a no go. It's so, I'm just very bitter about that. No, no, no. And I get it, like jean shorts, you have to be really like, you have to be tan. You need to feel good. Yeah. You need to, it needs to be the perfect thing. Or just a short dress that's flowy is always a great go-to. Like, I'm always like, oh, I can like relax here. But jean shorts are like, yeah, they're kind of the devil. I'm A baby doll dress kind of gal. And I know those had a moment on TikTok, but I've got giant jugs and I like a little, I like to just sit right here, titties under my neck. Are they real? They're real. Yeah. Oh yeah. And I'll tell you what, I got perfect nips Really? For a large breast. I got a really nice breast to Ariel cia.


Fuck yeah. That's my one. That's my, You have so much good shit. Fuck you. You're like, lemme show you my thin little ankle also. Perfect fucking Nipple. Literally come in here and been like, I had a great sorority. My husband is fantastic. Life is great. Now I have haven't chipped today and I do have anxiety, but other than that, but other than that I'm thriving. No, but I, I mean listen great hits. I I'm, I am always now, especially, you know, being in the spotlight, I pick apart myself all the time. No, it's nice to like be like, yeah, I fucking like something about myself. Yeah. And they're Not what? They're not where they used to be. I definitely would love a lift. But they are, the areola is nice. I'm fucking jealous. And I'm already picturing it, like I'm thinking of it sexually. Your husband is lucky.


Yeah. Moving on. Super thin eyebrows. Oh No. Those if they should never come back. Okay, But what's worse? The like giant. Oh yeah. I mean mine, mine are looking a little big today. So, I mean, mine are thick too. I'd rather more than less really? Because you can always pull a friend aside, take 'em to, you know, a coffee bean and just say, Hey, what are we doing? Right. You know, this comes from love Where we can peel it back. Yeah. But you can never But the amount of gross serum cast your oil, you know, and all the eyelash serums apparently make you go blind and they ruin the collagen underneath the eyes. Wait, what? Yeah. Oh yeah. That's a whole thing now. Yeah. Apparently we've been using all the lash serums and they apparently dissolve all the fat underneath your eyes.


And I need perfect. I mean I, you know, maybe I should start rubbing this all over my body, but no thin eyebrows should never come back. That is a crime against humanity. No, it should be outlawed. You should have to do hard time if you're over plucking. You need to get your life right. But then like, it's so unfair because I look at Pamela Anderson and like in my twisted mind I'm like, God, I wish I could pull that off. No one can pull it off but her but her and just let her have it and move on. I really, I suffered. And I think, 'cause you said earlier you didn't have eyebrows. I growing up had I had the hair, I had nothing to show for the hair because like if you saw me in the right lighting, you'd see like what looked like the uni unibrow and it's all, all just peach fuzz.


I finally died then when I was in high school and I had never felt better in my life. I was like, oh my God, my five head is gone. I've got the angles, it looks good. But then I just kept building on it. Yeah. And I feel like I really took it to a level where I see pictures of myself in the freshman year of college is bad. They, they got too much. They were black. Yeah. We definitely over died for a long time. And They were cinder blocks. I always had thick, natural bushy brows. But I would go to the nail salon and you know, they would just like hold you down in the back. I never went to like an eyebrow specialist. Oh my gosh. I'm like, I'm getting a fresh gel set and I'm getting my eyebrows done in the back. And I came out one day and the tips were gone. I mean they, they ran away with them.


And then, you know how long it takes to grow that shit back. Oh, you're fucked, but you're fucked. So my entire college career, I had my deep side part. I'm in a pair of gaucho pants. I'm in a halter top. My, you know, perfect nipples are hanging out. I put on 45 pounds and I got no brows and a and I didn't blend a smokey eye. I mean, I've really come a long way Picturing you smoking a fucking cig With a cig and a nice, you know Jessica Simpson wedge The gauchos? Gauchos. Yeah. Oh, that was my, my God. They were good. Gauchos were great. And then if you wanted to hook up with somebody, I'm kind of in a gaucho now. You didn't even have to take 'em off. They could just slide a hand up there and just finger you. You know. And that was, that was fun. The, The width was impeccable.


Impeccable. I think we should maybe bring gauchos back. I think we should. I know people are trying to do the barrel gene and I'm not in, oh you know what you can't do is finger somebody in a barrel Gene. You can't even get half a fist up there. I don't think Also, who wants to finger somebody in a barrel? Gene. If I see a bitch coming down the street in a barrel, jean, I'm like, I'm not attracted. No, it's not. No it's not the look gals, that's what we need to the barrel jeans are out. But don't you think that is where the, that's a definition of women dressing for women where they, like the girls would think these are cute. I don't know though. Well, as a full woman, just, you know, right now here the flesh, I say no, don't fucking do it.


Let's get rid of it. Rid bring the gout Joes back. Bye to the barrel. Yeah. Okay. This is controversial because staring at your ankle, and I guess I'm so worried this goes against everything that we've talked about today about this one body part that's really a highlight for you. Ankle socks. I don't know if you realize, are they're currently out? What do you Oh, ankle. Oh, but what do you have? These are like, Is that not an ankle sock? No, ankle socks is where you're showing your fucking ankle. Okay. But I have a no-show. I thought that was a nohow. So, Oh, I, you're saying you have no socks. I was, no. Get Out. You stink. I got a wide fucking foot. If you think I'm letting these cheddar blocks just marinate in here. I'm not trying to bake a casserole. Okay.


Again, Nike, I'd like a wide Okay, wait. So I thought that was a crew sock. So this is whatever the fuck you wanna call it. But this is not an ankle sock. This is that Like Hailey Bieber? Yeah. Like It's Princess Diana. Yeah. Trendy. Okay. And I did not know that I was, I feel, I feel Attacked. No, the problem is this would cover your, one of your best assets. Yeah. But I will say, I I, my husband, one of his favorite looks is the look you have on right now. He likes the bike Short oversight sweatshirt. And I'll do the, the, you know, the scrunch socks. Oh, you'll, I'll scrunch The sauce. Okay. Because your outfit right now, you wouldn't technically look at you. I know. Now I'm like, I don't, I don't know what to do.


Like, can I get, like, can I sit like this? I don't know what to do. Okay, hold on. Can I adjust real quick? Heather, you look. I'm, it's getting hot in here. I'm so sorry. I'm just adjusting. I started this fucking podcast saying to you I was freezing and now it's fucking hot. Can someone turn on the air? Okay. Let's talk about, obviously you mentioned your family went through a hard time. You lost your dad. Yeah. And so that kind of like, Thanks for bringing that. No, I Know. I'm your father, sweetie. Yes. Dad. RIP. We love you Kyle. Yeah. We love you. Kyle. You moved in with your mom. Yes. And you moved in with Jeff, with your mom. And at this point you weren't married, right? You're engaged. So, okay. Backtrack. When my dad died, I was living in la I picked up my shit. I moved home. Okay.


And then I moved at some point up to New York. But then when the pandemic hit, Jeff and I moved from New York back to Atlanta. Okay. And I'm living in my childhood home. So Jeff and I are we, and we haven't moved out like, like we're, we are still three's company. Why? Great question. Because I talked to my financial advisor the other day and he's like, Heather, you're living pretty cheaply. You could, you could move on. I don't know why. I think, I mean, listen, I adore my mom. Yeah. She's my buddy. I constantly think, like the thought of her sitting at home alone on a Friday night hits me in a deep way that like, it just gives me, it's too much like chills down my spine. Yeah. I, I don't know. It's not normal. My husband loves it 'cause he gets treated like a king.


You know? I'm the One who can I, I'm the One who gets yelled at. We, I was gonna say, walk me through this. So it's you, your husband, your mom, and it's like a normal day. Are you guys able to like slightly like what's the room setup? Like where is where? So you would think that I'd be in like the primary bedroom. I am not. We just blew out a couple closets. So we built like another primary. My mom is still in the main bedroom. Oh yeah. I'm in my childhood bedroom that we like blew out two closets to expand. And you know what's funny? Somebody asked me the other day, they're like, what's the wildest like place you've ever had sex? I'm like, where I currently have sex in my home with my mom down the hall who sometimes will chime in and be like, Jeff, I can tell from that sound. She doesn't like it. No, no, No, no, no.


Yes. Had you ever had sex in your childhood room? Or like even gotten fingered or felt up or you weren't allowed to go in there? Oh, oh no. I was allowed to have boys in there, but I also, you know, I don't think a lot of guys called. No, I'm cute. Come on. No, I, it is funny being back in my childhood home. But you know, my husband, my mom adores him and he just gets treated like a king. Where it is funny being back at my house because my mom, even though like I'm running the roost and like make money and pay for everything, she'll throw shit in a basket. Okay. I don't know if your parents did this growing up. Like my mom, I'll walk in the door from being on tour. Had they, you got 14 things you need to carry. It's all in your basket. I opened all your mail. Your taxes are due tomorrow.


You know you've got some money in your bank account. And I'm like, quit going through my shit. Doesn't matter that I'm an adult. She still treats me like I'm 13 years old. I kind of love it though. Yeah. It's kind of cozy. It is so cozy. I mean it's insane. But my mom is, you know, my mom and dad were each other's truly loves of their life. And my mom was 11 years older than my late dad. Oh. Original Cougar. Oh yeah. So my mom, it's been wild trying to watch her date now. Yeah. And she's been bamboozled on like these dating apps multiple times there. It's like she thinks she's talking to an architect from New York. Of course he's, you know, somewhere in another country and he's trying to steal all her social security number. So really I, I have to live with my mom 'cause it's Fort Knox. She's just trying to get, you know, a little dick on the side and I'm not gonna have an inheritance.


'cause some guy in on the other side of the world is stealing all of the funds. Oh my god. Yeah. It's Bad. Oh my fucking God. And My mom's great and she's kind of at this point, she's 76. Doesn't look a day over 40. My mom's hot. Oh. Perky titties like tiny. She's spunky. She travels. And I keep trying to, you know, I ask my audience all the time. I'm like, anybody got a rich uncle or a great dad who, my mom doesn't wanna get married again. She just wants to travel. She Wants to feel something with a guy. She wants to feel something. Yeah. And she's like, Heather, I'm not dead yet. I'd still like to be intimate. I said, you get up on that horse and ride girl, fuck. We, I, that's so incredible. And I actually agree. Like the thought of a parent being alone as they're getting older makes me want to start crying.


So I think you're like a lovely human being for do that. But like, are you guys caring at all? So you're not caring when you're having sex that your mom's gonna hear you? No, but I do, I have much better sex when I'm on the road and I'm in a Four Seasons and Jeff, we kind of feel bad. Yeah. Like the parents got away. And it is funny, we do call my mom the toddler. 'cause when we like go to dinner with her, she sits in the backseat and she watches her iPad and she's giggling to her YouTubes. Aw. And Jeff gets along with her. Jeff Gets along with her. I mean, listen, he is so patient. But Jeff is, my mom's from up north and my husband's from up north. So they kind of like have their own banter. And I'm just sitting on the porch drinking an ice tea going, I do declare, why are y'all yelling in this house? I'm obsessed with that. I also just think like, the fact is, as a comedian, like it's a really good dynamic.


It it works. It it's working. It's working. I'm that's, I'm like, I'm not mad About it now. I would like a little bit more money. 'cause if I could expand Right. If we could upgrade, we need, I would like a big chateau with like a guest house. So I, I at least get to be in my own four walls without Robin. Yep. Barking down my throat. But you know, we're putting that on the vision board. Something something that you talk about in your standup special that had me cackling. Well, two things we have to talk about. Two things. One is Blow jobs because Oh, Love them and hate them. Sweetie, sweetie, sweetie. The way that you described heading downtown to the wiener. Yeah.


And seeing the wiener hole and the wiener hole and approaching it. There is a goofy ass hole down there. It is. Yeah. The wi wiener hole Is, but it works if you like swirl your tongue in there a little. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, It's a little, If you don't get in that little hole, then they're not getting in yours. And we all know this. Give 'em a little surprise attack, But I never try and go over the other hole. You know what I mean? I'm like, that is you do you I'm, you know, I, when you're married, at least you know, when your spouse has diarrhea it's every 30 minutes just like your sweet dog. So it's like when people are like, oh you know, you like eating butt. I'm like, no. Jeff had, you know, jalapeno poppers at TGI Fridays on a golf outing and he is been bitching about it all day. No, I don't wanna lick his butt hole.


I'm so sorry That No, it's fucked when you do. Like I have never like been opposed. And I know that's like bad of me to say, but like I'm in the blowjob and it's the accessory to a blowjob moment. Yeah. But you know, in between that little Gooch, I mean I'll can tick snip it. Oh I'll snip tickle. I'll tickle the Gooch. I'm in the Gooch, I am hitting the taint. I slap it around a little bit. I take the dick just hit me on both sides. Like I'm doing a little, you know, get ready with me. I mean, I'm doing the layers of blush Patrick to the whole works. But I'll tell you right now, I'm not getting, I'm not going further back what I love about You. Unless he is rinsed out in the yard. No, that's what's crazy is if, like I've had guys before be like, go down there. Go down there and I'm just like rubbing it.


'cause I'm like, like I can smell it through the tunnel. It's the waft, it's it's wafting towards my nostrils and I'm uninterested. Yeah. In the fecal matter. I got a long nail. You just tickle. You take the skin, you roll it around a little bit because it's Also not lost on me. If I go down there and then I go to the wiener and then he puts it in your shit is in my fucking v. Thank you. Thank you. And I'm heading to the hospital. Thank you. That's Happened before to me that And you know what we're trying not to do. Have a repe. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, we get back to Blow jobs. What I, what I do appreciate you doing and I could feel the energy in the stadium when you were saying this is oh stadium. Oh it was a theater. But yes, I am also playing stadiums. She's In a stadium. It was a stadium.


It was a fucking stadium. Is you talking to men and just being like, you say it better but like not really thinking about the dick while you're on the dick. The last thing I have ever thought about while I have a dick in my mouth is that dick in my mouth. I am thinking about the drama that is going on in the Nextdoor app. I am thinking about, you know, the rogue raccoon I possibly may have run over in the Audi Q five hybrid. Wait Are you deep in the door nextdoor App? It's insane. Do I need To get on that? No, don't. You don't have time. I mean you're like, I'm running an empire but you're running like a sham empire. Okay. No, I love it. I'm in a group chat with all the ladies of my neighborhood. Oh, when I tell you it is so fun.


We had a car burglary like two weeks ago. If you give a pack of women and I do say pack of women 'cause we are like wild wolves. We, if you give a pack of women in a suburban community, two clues. They have already found the perpetrator, they found who was linked to, we have taken down a full cartel. So I just wanna say fuck the F fbi, I the white suburban women and we are off to the races. Damn. Damn. Not Karen's. We are more Sharon's. You know, I am like, not kidding you. I've heard people talk about this. Yeah. And I think I, even if I'm just on the periphery and wanna read about like read in on my community, I'd kind of like to get in there. 'cause I like dumb shit drama that kind of has nothing to do with me unless I guess they're saying that there's like a murderer in our neighborhood. Then It's so refreshing.


If you're like, I can be on the periphery and just kind of like chime in every now and then. Fantastic. Yes. But yes, if there's a, if there's a problem, a murderer in my bushes, please let me know. Have you heard a stalker? You know what? No. But you like not yet. Bitch challenge accepted. No, I've had one person that has lightly kicked it up a notch. Oh. Kicked it up with Narcissism. That's The way to put It. It could be, it could be equivalent to like getting a little stalkery. But I've done a pretty good job at really like putting things to an end when it gets a little outta control. But someone's kicked it up a notch recently and Matt's handling it. I Like that. So Jeff, you my, my husband runs his own meet and greets at my shows by the bar.


So, you know, 'cause I have a ton of gals that come to the shows and he's in the corner just being like, oh, did you wanna get a photo? And I'm like, Jeff, she's fucking nuts. I told you about her. So that's Carolann runaway. Yeah, he loves that. Do you have a stalker? No, but I did have a woman break into my backstage once. Oh yeah. But it was my fault because I had given the security guards a couple Chick-fil-A party platters. So they were just raw dog and some nuggets. Meanwhile, I'm back there completely out in the nude. 'cause I like to like really dress up for my shows. So I come out and I sweat like a beast on stage. And then I rip off my suit. So I was had just taken off my glitter suit and I'm about to put on my jeans and a woman's in the doorway. And she's like, I found you. No, Heather, You know, what's the one thing you say to somebody?


You don't say to somebody, I found you. And then she followed with Don't worry, I'm not gonna touch you. No. I was like, that's worse. You like, I'd rather you just fucking grab my coer and let's call it a day. You know what I mean? Like, let's get to the point. Yeah. So what do you want? So what did you do? Did You scream? So I said, can I, I literally was like, can I just put on some clothes? And I put on my clothes. I was like, what's up girl? And she's like, man, I just told, I said, how'd you get back here? She said, I just told the security guard. You know, like, my name's Lane. I was like, what? No, no. Yeah. That's what's so funny about those moments. It's like when they tell the security guards like, oh, we're friends. We're from this. Yeah. Sometimes you're like, oh, go in, Go in. I'm not worried about a male stalker. I think I'd like a little bit of a boost to the ego. But I have always said that I will probably be murdered one day in a TJ Maxx by a, you know, a white gal named like, you know, Michelle or Tanya.


Like, that's gonna happen. That's Who's taking you Down. I think that's who's taking like you didn't read my dm. I'm like, I'm so sorry I didn't See it. I'm sorry. I didn't know. I didn't know. I think, I think a light stalker is always good. 'cause it keeps you like, oh, we're doing something right. We're kind a big deal. We're actually like doing things. We're really big deals. Yeah. Back to the Blow jobs. Yes. Absolutely. Great transition. No, I actually think I'm done with the blow jump. Yeah. The point is, is, ladies, you don't have to feel bad. And in your special breadwinner you really, really touch on the important fact of like, no one is thinking about giving head when they're giving head. And it's okay if you're multitasking. Yeah. And that's fine. And what did, what was the other thing you fucking said that was so funny? Oh, oh my god. That you believe that all men are slightly on the spectrum and all women have a DHD.


It's so I do. It's So true. I think so here's the thing. Men are really good at getting dialed into one thing. My husband is incredibly successful, but he's successful at one thing at a time. Meanwhile, I will be on stage delivering jokes. I already have my like Uber Eats order in my head. Yep. And I'm like, oh fuck, I've gotta call my attorney on Monday. Yes. About the thing with the thing. And I, I'm multitasking all the time. I mean, there are some days where I feel like a DHD is can cripple you, but I realize it's actually, I feel like all women's superpowers. Yeah. It gets it gets shit done. We get Shit done. But yes, I do not think about any, anything sexual while I'm blowing my husband and I tell women the best thing. And when, when people come to my show, you know, they used to be like, oh, I drug my husband and then the husbands have the best fucking time.


My show's for everybody. But my job is, I like to, I know it's so fucking, I I I drug my husband here. I'm like that You didn't have to put a gun in his Head. I thought you at first you said, I blow them backstage. If you come to my show, I will put your dick in my mouth. I thought You, I thought you were saying the people were saying they drugged their Husband. I'm sorry. I probably said that with a, a little country twang. Like they drugged them husbands to my show. I'm like, all these men are fucked up. So what they did is the, the husbands were out working in the yard and then the women gave 'em a little, little date, you know, a little pill in, in a, in a Coors Light. And next thing you know, they're at a Heather McMahon show. Could you imagine? No.


I If all of a sudden you just came to and you're like in a room and there's a glitter, a a, you know, a full-figured blonde woman in a glitter suit just being like that. This is what happens when there's a dick in your mouth. I, that would be like the worst trip of your life. I'm happy that I clarified Heather. Yeah. Because I'm not fucking kidding you. Multiple comments would've been damn. Like, why didn't you talk about how like she drag her fucking No, no. I'm so sorry. I meant, I meant when you drag, like, like you force them to come drag. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then the guys are like, fuck, I never saw it that way. And they have a great time. But yes. I, I don't think guys realize we're always, the mind's always swirling. We're Always on the move. We're always on the move. We need to talk about the hall pass


situation. Introducing Instagram teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they've got the right gear for writing knee pads, Check and helmet done. See you dad. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


We need to talk about the hall pass situation. Okay, great. Yes. I'm not, I I am not trying to give away too much of your special. Yeah. Because everyone needs to go watch it and there's so much good fucking shit. But this hall pass situation, you almost can't help but be like, did this actually fucking happen? Yes. This is insane, Heather. This is insane. So walk Us through Also legally, I don't know what, I don't know what I'm allowed to say, but No, I, my, my husband's hall passes is the incredible gorgeous model kep love. And we were down in the Dirks of Caicos and she had like DMed 'cause we had mutual friends. Hey, saw you're down here. Like, would you like to come over for like a cocktail? What a nice dm. What a nice dm. And I hadn't gotten my husband a Christmas gift and I leaned over and I was just like, Hey, let's go to a, you know, let's go Right.


Have some cocktails. I I told him that my sorority sister was down there. It's So good. And so I get him there. I drag him over to this cocktail hour, the door answers. And it's Kate's husband, Justin Berlander and Jeff immediately. 'cause you know, my husband's the biggest sports fanatic. I, he had a full boner, full boner standing on the welcome mat of this like, you know, Held my Job. Holy Fuck. And I just kind of turned around. I remember all having it in slow motion. I just kinda gave him that like, like, fuck you Jeff. Look. Yeah. And do You think he knew Kate was in there at that point? Or did he just think this is a random coincidence that Justin bur No, he immediately, like, he immediately, as soon as he locked eyes with he Justin, he was like, let's fucking go. You're kind of like a brave woman to bring your husband into the same room as his hall pass.


Well also Justin Berlander is an incredible athlete, makes a gajillion dollars and is like a model himself. So I wasn't worried about it if Jeff ever made anything weird. This guy is, you know, a a an an all star athlete. I feel like he could have body checked Jeff. No, You're right. And by the the end of the time, you're probably like, if he's gonna go with her, I at least could go with this. And it's not a bad option. You know what I told Jeff later on, he was like, I can't believe he made that happen. I said, GE Well, of course. And we never told Kate. She didn't know until I sent her the clip from the special I was gonna Say, did you run it by her? No, I, well I was just like, Hey, I just want you to know, like, and, and Kate is the coolest chick in the world. She so cool. I want you to know. She was so great. And, And of course I did not tell her at that dinner. Like, we're sitting at this table with all their friends and, and I'm kicking Jeff.


I'm like, Jeff, you've been staring too long. Like he's in the, the corner just kind of frothing at the mouth. And one of their friends had mentioned, they were like, yeah, it's so weird. You know, like Kate is is just the coolest chick. She's so awesome. But like, guys get really weird around her. And I were like, I was like, Shut The fuck up, smile, eat a shrimp cocktail. Quit getting weird. But no, they were awesome. But I do think that I have really, you know, exposed Jeff to these cool opportunities He's gotten to meet all of his sports heroes. And what have I gotten? Let me tell you all I wanted, all I wanted were two tickets. I wanted an heirs tour ticket. Okay. And I wanted a Beyonce ticket. Did you go? I went on 'cause I made it happen. Stop. We were in, actually, this is a great story. We were in, I was in Australia, okay.


And I was doing my tour in Australia in February. Well, Taylor Swift just happened to be there at the same time. Love you can't get tickets resale in, in Australia because they don't have like a stub hub. It's like illegal. Okay. But I was like, Jeff, figure it out. Call my agent, figure it out. Surprise me. I want to go. It's my last night in Sydney. I've been in Australia for a month. Tory. Okay. Jeff's like, I have a surprise for you tonight. I'm like, this is it. He got tickets. I'm going to the ERAS tour, I've got the friendship bracelets ready, let's go. And next thing you know, our hotel was right around the corner from the Sydney Harbor Bridge. Okay. So it's five o'clock. I'm like getting ready. He's like, oh no, no, just go dress casual. I'm like, oh, he is got a surprise. He probably has like an outfit for me. Like this guy thought of everything. He made me climb the Sydney Harbor Bridge instead of letting me go to the a store.


Now mind you, I have a fear of outdoor heights. If I'm on a tall balcony, I'm always like, not that I would ever wanna harm myself, I don't have intrusive thoughts, but I'm always kinda like, well if it happened, if I just left. Right. You know, it's Just a little bit like what if, what If? Right. You can't help. So I am on the top of the bridge in this like full wind suit, windbreaker, onesie, gripping the side. And they, they put me at the, the back of the, the, the group. The group. I can't even talk because I'm having like flashbacks of how dramatic that was. They put me in the back of the group, I'm clinging onto the side of the bridge and the guy comes up, he is like, are you good? And I was like, I was supposed to be at the Airs tour and I'm freezing on top of this bridge.


And we got off the bridge, we take a photo, the photo that we have on top of the bridge is the funniest shit. They're like, smile. And I'm like doing a peace sign. Like, just like, I hate my husband. Oh. I had stroked out at that point. I was completely like, there was no mind body connection. I cried when we got off the bridge and I'm not a, I'm, I'm a tough cookie. Yep. And Jeff went to gimme a hug. He was like, wasn't that the best? And I was like, I don't know if this is gonna work out. Like get away from me, you piece of fucking Yeah. Shit Men that Yeah. Can be so fucking dumb. Like so dumb. Like you knew I wanted this. Yeah. And because we're not going like figure out something that we could at least and also Surprise me And also probably let you know beforehand, the surprise ain't gonna be Taylor.


Exactly. But I I got something else for you to make it as big, like as great as I could to make up For it. His defense was, it was our last night in Sydney. Of course we'd never get to do this again. And the fun, the best part was when you go to do the climb on the Sydney Bridge day of all these celebrities that are up and they play the photos while you're doing the safety briefing. They play the photos of all the celebrities and there's a couple like D-list celebrities. And I was like, they didn't even ask to take my photo at the end of this. Like, do they know? So Not only did I ship myself on top of this bridge, they don't even have a record of it for when other people go to climb the Sydney Bridge. They don't know that the number one comedian of all time Heather McMahon was on the bridge.


Heather Yeah. Against my will. But it was a great memory. So Have you ever gone and seen the Aero Tour? I did. I saw it a couple weeks ago in London. How good. And lemme tell you what, it was awesome. IS I'm a, you know, I'm a theater nerd. Yeah. I lo I wanted to see the production. Yeah. And it was just fucking awesome. Good for Taylor. It's, It is so incredible. Like, I went once and I'm gonna go again and I am so I just fucking love her. I love her too. And I didn't really, I think I kind of miss literally the era of Taylor. Like for the breakup moments growing up. I was just like two years older than that. Okay. So while the girlies were crying to, you know me. Yeah. When the girlies were crying to all these songs. I was in my dorm room listening to Three six Mafia.


That was what, you know, I was doing Drive-bys in the Jetta past the A TO house. Just being like, nook, if you buck nook, if you buck, you know, like that's, And I was like, it's a love story Baby. Just say yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That was not, I was, I was a in revenge mode. That's why reputation's my favorite album. Oh it is. That's why I wear snake skin, you know. Yeah. I'm a reputation girly. I'm literally like a folklore girly really. But that's great. I mean, I have a softer side, but I I love that when she's in the full snake skin and the one legg's out. Oof. I love it. When are you going, going on your cruise? That's in April. I'm doing a cruise. And again, you know, I talked about possibly getting murdered in a TJ Maxx.


Yeah. It also might happen on the Lido day. I was, I was gonna say, I dunno if you're coming back. Yeah. But you'll have a good time. I will. And I might not come back 'cause I'll get arrested in The Bahamas. I don't know what's gonna happen. But we are doing a cruise and it's like 2000 fans on the cruise and it's other comedians and it's just gonna be four days at sea of us just letting it rip. And so will you just like Roam around in a, in a mumu Yes, absolutely. With a pina colada and a rum runner in my other hand. Absolutely. And are You gonna just like, next to you could like, stay next to you could be like one of your fans and like you can be knocking on the wall and they like, oh, you're just like one with the people. I'm one with the people. But also, you know, when you do comedy too, like I, I have meet and greets after my shows and I, I know everybody.


Like, you know, I, I'm one with the people. I mean, you did have to, you know, the cruise isn't a super cheap thing to do. So I'm hoping that people are making a financial investment or also like, maybe a little touch less crazy. But actually the richest ones, you know, are the, the the ones that are crazy. They'll bring you the gifts to the show and it's like, you, like, I bought you a Birkin bag and I put an air tag in it so I know where you are all times. You're like, I don't, the Birkin bag for me is a little too cumbersome. Okay. I think it's a bad investment. I said it, I'm gonna get absolutely burned at the stakes for saying that. I agree. It's, it's heavy. It's, it's just big. And it's also like, it's clunky. It's not that cute. I'm that cute. And you can't, like, you can't put it over your shoulder. So if you're trying to like, like look thin in a photo, you know what I mean?


You're like, it's like, it just, it's just squeezes the arm. It's not a good look. It's cumbersome. It's cumbersome, you know. But yeah, we're doing a cruise. It's gonna be insane comedy at night. My mom's gonna be there. My husband's gonna be running poker tournaments in the casino, taking pictures With The fans. Yeah. My sister's a criminal defense attorney, so I'm keeping her on land. 'cause I might have to, you know, we don't know what's gonna happen. She's gonna be at the port in Miami as people are getting off the boat or not getting off the boat. And so she's gonna get a couple new clients. Im sure I'm ins Will you be posting on your social media about it when you're there? Oh, we're gonna, I we really should make a full documentary about it. I, it's an Wait What principle? Yeah, it's fire feds and it turns like super dark and then at the end it's just all of us with like the norovirus. Just like, and that was the day that the ship never came back.


I would, no, it will never happen. But I honestly, but Then I'd have like an inor at the Emmy's and Oh, I have, you know, I haven't been nominated yet, but at least I'd be there. At least I'd be there. Glass half full baby. I Am so excited for you. Okay. Can we talk about the special now? Oh yeah. Wrapping up. Yeah. I mean we've been talking about this special the whole time. Yeah. But I do wanna know, like I was talking to Hannah Burner about this the other month. My girl, I just am so, it's so incredible to watch Yeah. People that truly deserve it and are actually so fucking funny. Like get what they deserve and I'm so happy for you. How did this even come to be? Well, so I, I produced my own special Yep. And I did the, the first one, I did the same thing. Yep. So I, I didn't, in this business, you cannot wait around for people.


I mean, listen, you're a self starter. You just, if you build it, they will come. Yeah. So I just shot it, I shot it at the Fox Theater in Atlanta, which is like my home theater. I mean, talk about like a real full circle moment for me. It's amazing. And, and then I, you know, then you take it out to market and you sell it. So it is so cool. The one thing, the one thing I really love about standup Yeah. Is nobody can tell me no, you know, it, it is in this business. You get in tv developmental deals they take forever. You know, you gotta get a thousand attorneys involved, all this shit. But for a standup, I can just pop into a place, get on stage, say my piece, do the damn thing. And as long as there are asses in seats, listen, there could be one person in the fucking audience. I'm like, we're gonna have a good time. Right.


But like, that is, it is the, the greatest love of my life other than my family is getting to do standup. And it just brings me so much joy. It's so incredible. It's gonna be on Hulu, right? Yeah, on Hulu. And what is the exact date It comes out? That's a great question. I don't know, but we will post on Instagram. It's coming out very soon. It I know. It's going to be Insane. I was gonna say the date I'm gonna, Can I just tell you right now, it's a, I do think it should win a Peabody. I should at least get nominated for the Emmy. It's some people again. Hi, My name's Heather McMahon. My comedy special breadwinner is coming out on Hulu. And when I tell you I'm a bad bitch, I'm wearing a denim outfit that's bedazzled.


And it is probably going to be one of the greatest pieces of art and comedy ever seen. It should be nominated for awards or at least gimme a Mark Twain comedy award. Thank you so much. God bless. Live laugh, love. Tune in on bleep. It's very soon. I'll fucking put It in the Description. I've never been great with details. Okay. Yeah. I'm so excited for you. Oh my God. That was like a, we're like ble. Okay. We're back wrapping up. Yeah. We're like, we need to shut the fuck up. Yeah. And go film some content. But this Has been really fun. Has it? Can I tell you? Okay. I, I really enjoy you. I'm not blowing smoke up your ass. This has been fun. I'm so proud of you. I know. We just met, but it, it is so fucking cool to see fucking bitches doing it.


I know. Thank you. Just doing it period. And you should be so proud of Yourself. Thank you. I feel the same way about you. That's why it's so fun to do what we do. 'cause I feel like we get to like see each other on social media. Yeah. And it's always funny to be like, what is this bitch gonna be like? I'm sure you thought that when you were coming here like, is Alex, we were gonna be like, and I, I am so happy. You're so fucking normal and like you're humble and you're amazing and your tits are fucking amazing. Thank you. I really appreciate it. And I just want y'all to know that you know be to you today that you wanna be tomorrow. Heather, I love you. Thank you for coming on call. I love you. Thank you for having me.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that Call Her Daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement. You need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank


Lumify. Wow. Incredible, amazing. Lumify redness, reliever eyedrops really work. They dramatically reduce redness in one minute. I love how my eyes look whiter and brighter and it lasts for up to eight hours. They make my eyes look refreshed. Lumify, it's kind of amazing. It was love at first sight with Lumify. Try it for yourself. Learn more@lumifyeyes.com.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V For a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer For financing details. Exclusive SI and type R.