
What are some of your favorite brands? Mother Farley Zup Supply RSS two.


We are Everif the women's fashion retailer that loves all the brands you do. So they're always here, which you love. You'll also love 10% off at everif.com/podcast.


Do we know you are what?


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard iud? Like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


This episode is brought to you by Lie by Eve St. Laurent. Lie Lnu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her daddy, daddy, daddy. It's actually really fucking good. It's so good. Wait, lemme try. How good is that? Oh, that's fucking insane. I've never had strawberry with tequila. Yeah, that's insane. Cheers. Cheers. Love you. Love you. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Daddy Gang. Welcome back to another episode of Call Her Daddy. If you are listening to this while you are getting fucked by your ex-boyfriend Jan one, I am here to let you know that I'm here with my best friend Larin.


Hi Daddy Gang, We are ringing in the new year together. We are currently in Utah. We are skiing, we're being a little ski bunnies. I'm really proud because you and I have the same level of like ski. Ski ability, ski ability. You kind of like can't go skiing with someone. I mean you can, but like Then you'll hate them. Yeah, it sucks. We're kind of on the same exact page. We're like, I wanna do a blue. I wanna feel the wind in my hair. I wanna have a two hour re lunch. Absolutely. But I don't wanna black diamond it. No, no, No. But though Mat Kind of bullies us. We Like one. Yeah. One to two a day, one A quarter. So it Feels like we go to sleep, we're like, ooh, like we're a little sore. Yeah. But Matt's always like, come on, let's go black diamond.


And I'm like, I don't really wanna be an adult on crutches In my older age I get like a little nervous. Nelly. Me too. I I used to be a daredevil. Now I'm like slow and steady. He wins a race. So Lauren and I are in Utah and I would say that you and I have first of all, happy New Year everyone. Like I hope you had the best New Year's Eve. If You do, you wanna set him off with an intention? Ooh, I'm not really one for intentions but what I will say is this, I really don't like New Year's


Eve. Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jack in the box. Jack's new crispy boneless wings pack. So munch crunch you guys, I love a good wing. These wings are super crunchy unlike other boneless wings that get soggy and they're kind of just like mushy. We all know how that is. Jack's wings retain the crunch so that you have the best of both worlds S sauciness and crunch. And let's talk about the sauces because you will love them so mu you gotta try the new smoke show Smoky barbecue sauce and the honey garlic sriracha both. I love a good honey garlic sriracha flavor. It is something that gets my gears going and when I have a little smoky barbecue sauce lathered on my wings, I cannot be stopped. Okay? I love a good wing but if it does not have a crunch, I start to be like what is this texture and why is it happening? So Daddy Gang, you can always get so much more at Jack In the Box like free food when you sign up for the Jack app,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes guys, word on the street is that listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay so kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile and here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of so thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


I really don't like New Year's Eve like I am someone from, I think like even high school, I always hated New Year's Eve parties. It always freaked me out. I was always terrified people would be drinking and driving if I went to a party I was terrified to get on the roads. I was also always feeling like not happy if I was hungover in the morning. And I just never, like of course I've had nice New Year's but I feel like I'm really, really entering my get fucked up on a couple martinis at home and put my feet up in relax mode. It's about the company, not the plans. L Lauren, a cheer old Santa over here.


Yes. We have spent quite a few new years together. I feel like we've spent, I think you're the friend that I've spent The most new year with, right? We have the one like iconic I'm thinking of was when Is the last one that we spent together Besides this one? I, I hope, I don't know what you're gonna say but I know what the one at Matt's house. Yes, yes. When we moved to Los Angeles. Yes it was Covid. So classic. I was just third wheeling Matt and Alex and I was single. This was like the last time I was single. So this was about like three years ago and Matt comes in so proud and he's like, Lauren, I'm gonna set you up with someone and it's gonna be a fantastic night. Just tell them, just get to the punchline. So he doesn't really tell me anything.


This guy walks in. No, he is a 45-year-old divorcee who breeds wolves And like the front end is fine, like 45 divorce if anything we're kind of like loving that For you. Yeah. Down, down for that. But oh, oh and he brought a half wolf, half dog. No he did. There was a wolf that walked into Matt's home and we all kind of did. I'm not, I wonder if I have a fucking video. You do. You do. No, it because like I we're not exaggerating. This thing was like massive three times the size of Henry And this is, this is the first time that Matt tried to set single Lauren up and I remember Lauren's like eating her buffalo chicken dip and she turns to me and she was like, we need to have a conversation after this.


And I was like, no I'm so sorry. And she goes, no, no, no it's Matt. What does Matt think of me that I should be marrying or even fucking, even dating a wolf man it was like pretty fucking bad. Have you ever had success setting someone up? Okay. I feel like I've set a lot of my friends up for good like fucks. Mm. I don't know if any of my friends are currently dating. Like I feel like in high school and college I was always setting people up but I, in my adult life I feel like there's no one that I've Like they're gonna call you up during the wedding and be like, Alex Cooper is the reason we're married. No because I also think like it's so hard that like I don't live in the same city as a lot of my friends. Yeah. So I'm like networking. I literally told you move back to LA bitch I have so many fucking suitors for you And Monday Mike.


Okay. Okay. I will give you credit like you have been coming through for me and you have been winging me. Wing woman. Womanning. Yeah Me very, very hard lately. Thank you. You know what I'm thinking of? Oh The literally the fact that you were in between a billionaire and like a hot man from Miami and you ditched them both. I, I forgot about that one. Oh okay. Tell that story. Okay, so first of all Daddy Gang, I saw a couple comments of like, wait, Lauren is single. Yes, Lauren is single now she's entering the new year. A single woman Daddy Gang. Do you wanna wing woman? Me, DM Alex, send them the resume. A profile. You're Not at a shortage of men. Lauren like here's the thing, Lauren was like you know, upset about her breakup and then she finally decided like it's time to get after it.


And I remember you, We were in New York City like a few weeks Ago. Yes. But even prior to New York City you have been having, even if it's not success, like I'm so proud of you. You have been really putting yourself out There. I've been getting out there. You're on the apps, you're going on dates. You told me you went on a coffee date, you went on a cocktail date, you went on a dinner date that lasted like two and a half hours. Yeah, we'll get there. You have a man that gave you all these plants. That's a long story. You have a man that gave you a foot massage like you're making headway Lauren in your single life. But we were in New York City a couple weeks ago and I think I posted this on my TikTok, but Halle was hooking up with this billionaire and Halle was worried that the billionaire was just too nice for her. A classic. I honestly can't relate To that. I like nice guys.


Yeah, no Lauren likes people to treat her well. And so Halle was like Sweetie, you just take him. So it is the end of the night. We are all at this bar and Lauren is in between the billionaire and now if anything it looked like you were favoring the man that wasn't even the fucking billionaire. This man from Miami who was another man that you like came over and you were like, oh, like this is my friend Lauren. And like you were schmoozing me for me. I love you say schmoozing. It's schmoozing. It's the best fucking statement ever. So Lauren is like hanging out schmoozing with all these people. Everyone leaves the bar 'cause I'm like, I'm going home to my husband, everyone's going to bed And Lauren It's like 1:30 AM So like all the girls were with leave. So I'm just at the bar and it's me and a table full of guys and I'm like this is a dream.


Like Alex came through, she put her reputation on the line, she didn't ruin it. And I Literally woke up in the morning and I FaceTimed Lauren and I'm like, which one did you go home with? And what do you say to me Lauren? None of them. Because at like 2:00 AM I'm like working it, laying my moves still. And my friends call me and they're like, Lauren, like we have your location. Like we see you're like at a bar like around the corner. Like come meet us. And like I don't see my friends who live in New York City that often. So I get so excited and I'm like, oh my god, okay. And I just tell the guys like, all right, bye guys. And then I leave and I wake up and I'm like, Like in your drunken state you cock block yourself and you chose your friends over men, which says a lot about you.


Which I love you because you are such a girl's girl. However, like you, you gotta choose yourself in those moments hard. She was putting in hours to work with these people anyways, so she ends up not hooking up with anyone. I strike out and we're like, it's fine, it's fine, it's fine. So now all of a sudden we're kind of on this hunt and I don't know if anyone is doing this, but first of all, if you're in a fucking relationship and your friend is single, your mindset, every coffee shop you work, walk into every single work event you walk into, every single room you walk into is an opportunity to find a man for your friend. Okay, I Have you like dialed up differently. Like now I've never heard you comment on men as much as you are now you're like, oh my god Lauren like, did you see him? Like Lauren, like that guy's like look at that guy.


Speaking of, let us tell you the story of what recently just happened. We get on the plane, okay we're leaving New York City, we are like ravenous for a man for you. Okay I am like I will find her dick. So we sit down you guys and Lauren and I are sitting next to each other and I see this on the airplane. On the airplane. And I see this guy that is in the last row in first class and he has this like Michigan t-shirt on. He has kind of hair like mats. It's like rustled and hot and it's like, oh, like I'm like this man is a vision. Okay. I turn to Lauren, I grab her wrist and I say, Lauren back right corner prospect, she fakes gets up, she looks up in the her bin cabin, she's rustling through her fucking luggage.


She sits down, she goes, he's The most gorgeous man I've ever fucking laid eyes on. How do we fucking get me in and around that asshole? Now we Recruit the flight attendant. Flight attendant comes over to hand us our bloody Mary's. We said get in here. He was a gay ally, okay? He turned to me, he said, bitches, what do you need from me? I said, you need to go back. Right left corner back, right left. Hello. You need to go back corner right side. And you need to find out if this man has a ring on. Is He fair game for me? He goes, he walks back the flight attendant such a fucking home goes girls, there's no motherfucking ring. Lauren and I are like boom, boom, boom. Okay we're in.


Now here's the thing about being on a flight and seeing a hot guy. That is to me like one of the coolest fucking opportunities of how you could meet your potential husband. You Started planning the speech you were about to give at my wedding if like you orchestrated this and like we thought I was gonna marry this guy because we, We started to get so excited 'cause we're like this is so cool. Like, and I wanna validate every single person. I hate when people preface it being like, oh how did you guys meet? And they're like, we met on a dating app or like we met on Instagram. I know. So embarrassing. It is not embarrassing. That is literally The most common way to meet people now. So first of all, it's not embarrassing how there is something obviously in you that's like how fucking cool to meet someone out in the wild.


Like that's fucking ideal and cool. Yeah. So we're starting to picture this and I'm like, you meet your husband on a plane, you guys hit it off you then all of a sudden get like, this is, this is magic. Yeah. So we start strategizing Daddy Gang and I suggest you guys do this. If you see a fucking hot person on a plane, I get It's also easier when you have a friend with you if you're solo, it's a little intimidating. Yeah. Lauren and I decide you need to write your name and your number on a napkin and we're gonna have the flight attendant bring the napkin over to the guy And my seat number so he like could like know it was who to look For. Yes. We decided we were gonna do it like with an hour left in the flight. 'cause this flight was like five fucking hours. And then we start stressing out because you were like, Alex, I don't look the part I like, we were hungover as fuck because we were out until like 3:00 AM the night before.


I'm in like a sweatsuit. I have not an ounce of makeup on. I'm like, we were pretty puffy. I I literally was like, do we ask for ice? And like I like I rolled my face with like ice from like the plane. We look Fucked up. And so we just kept Harold the dog going and Lauren goes one minute, gets up into the cabin, gets her makeup down. I need to post the fucking videos that we took From this day. I'm like giving myself like a full beat like on the plane. So Lauren starts contouring and she's contouring it up and she's looking so gorgeous and I'm looking at the highlight wasn't My best but it was Better. No, no you looked gorgeous. Okay. And she's highlighting and all of a sudden on the loudspeaker we hear, thank God we didn't take like a sleeping pill over the loudspeaker. We hear everybody we're gonna have to deboard the plane.


At first I thought this was a disaster 'cause I'm like my husband's getting away. But then, and then I Realized, hold on Lauren, we're deboarding to get back on board. Okay this man is in the delta one pods, which means he will be going to the delta one lounge. We're gonna go to the lounge. So we'll be able to almost like congregate with him and we can follow him. So everyone gets up, we get all of our stuff. Lauren's finishing hair lip liner and we beeline it to try to stay as close as humanly possible to this man as everyone is deboarding the plane we're, We have a tail on him. We got off the plane and he stopped at the desk to ask the agents if he goes back to the lounge, will they be able to give updates to the lounge?


And something just came over me where I was like, I'm now seeing this man in his height. This man was like pushing 6 3, 6 4. He had some nice like joggers on some like athletic sneakers. A little athletic top. Like maybe he was like an athlete in college. Yeah. Like He was giving athlete dick. I was in it for Lawrence. So I shove my way forward without even like thinking what I was gonna do. And I put my body right up behind him. So when he turns around from the desk talking to the woman at the kiosk, I will be right dead center there almost to the point where he makes physical contact with me. He turns around and almost bumps into me and I go, oh hey, what did, what did they say?


And he looks at me and he goes, oh if you're in. And no, this was when we knew he ID us. 'cause he was like, oh us, if you're in Delta lounge we can all go back to the lounge. And I was like, oh really? They said that. And he goes, yeah, so we can go. I said, amazing Lauren. Then just wanting to make any contact comes in. She goes, sorry, what did they say? I'm like, bitch, you're standing right next to me. You just heard what he fucking said. But she wanted to make contact with him. She's Like, I wanted him to hear my voice, feel my presence. He said the same thing to Lauren. We go, okay great. He starts walking to the lounge fast. He's walking quick. He Was bee lining it, which we didn't know why, but eventually we learned why he's bee lining it to lounge. Almost like running to the lounge. We're on like a light dog following. Like the lounge is big.


So we're like, we can't let him get too much distance 'cause like we can't let him go to a corner of the lounge and we lose him. The Lounge is like bigger than the fucking airport at JFK Delta One Lounge. Jesus fucking Christ. That thing is a fucking giant. Giant Metropolis. Metropolis. So we are running and then as we're running I'm like, Lauren, we look so creepy if he turns around and sees us running, like why are we Running? So we tried to be very covert, very undercover. We get to the lounge, we get to the lounge and there's a man at the front and he starts speaking to the man at the front of the lounge. So we immediately stop with him again. And I don't know if you guys have ever had this, but whenever there is a flight that has been delayed or something going on on an airline, you start to bond with the people around you.


Right? You're In it together. You become so cozy and comfortable. It's almost sad when you leave after the flight 'cause you were in this battle together. That's what we were trying to push on this man. Like, I want this man to feel like we are his literal friend by the end of this. And he hopefully wants to fuck Lauren if he needs a shoulder to cry on. We're here. So he turns to the guy and he's like, we're good to go. You guys will give us updates. And the person at the front of the lounge was like, yes, you're good. He goes, great. I gotta rush. Do you know where the TVs are? I have to watch the football game. So naturally I am standing there not a clue in the world what football game is on. I'm like, Taylor Swift, Patrick Mahomes, he's, he's like, I gotta watch the game.


Where's the tv? And I'm like, we Yeah, we're We're looking. We're trying to watch the game too actually. We're Like, we, yeah, where is the game on? And he literally goes, oh, you guys wanna go? Yeah. Where's the tv? I'm like, yeah, I really need to see this game. What quarter is, are there quarters? Yeah. What quarter are we in? And so they like point us to the tv, this man be lines it to the tv. We start making our way to the TV as well. He places himself down. We look at each other and we're, we go, we're being so fucking creepy. We Need to reel it Back. We now know where this man is sitting. Let's go at least to the bar. You guys, this is where the story takes a turn for the motherfucking worst. Okay. I would say an hour goes by And we're like building it up in our heads more and more like, I'm like, I am gonna completely Fall In love.


We're like, he went to Michigan, he's smart, he's attractive, he likes football. Oh my God, you're in a fantasy league yourself, Lauren. We thought maybe he'd be coming on like our New Year's trip with us completely. We thought what it was gonna be sparks flying Every 30 minutes. We had to go check in with the gate person. And he kept going over and Lauren would walk over with him. She comes back over, she goes, Hey, it's getting a little more flirty every time I go back over. It's progressing. We were making bets, We are making On when the flight would leave, we're making We progress. I'm like, you're literally getting fingered in the bathroom tonight. Yeah. Like you are actually entering the mile high club and I will be cheering you on. All of a sudden our friend we run into at the airport, shout out Aubrey.


Aubrey walks into the airport and we're like, Aubrey, what are you doing here? I've got a flight at 11 o'clock at night, Aubrey. We found my husband, Lauren's husband. She goes, where is he? I wanna get a glimpse of him. 'cause I say, this is one of The most gorgeous men you've ever seen in your life. Okay. We go, he's got a Texas hat on a Michigan shirt on. Go find him. He's In the watching the game. He in the back corner. Yep. She giddily saunters off and all of a sudden she comes back and the face of happiness and excitement that she left with she returns looking like she just saw a dead body. And I'm like, what? What's, what's Aubrey? What's wrong? Lauren's like, wait, did you, did you see him?


And Aubrey goes, I have really, really, really upsetting news for you both. And we're both like, what? What? Do you wanna say it? Or should I say it? She goes, girls Lauren, I'm so sorry, but he's gay. No, in this moment We were like, no, no, No, No. There's no way. No because there no way. Like what? Like you have a great gaar or something. Like, no. I was like, this was full fucking flirting I think. But maybe we just, I was flirting. No, I was laying my moves. We are making contact. We're making bets. Or was it just like him being a nice person? 'cause you wanted information on the flight.


I don't know, maybe we're also like dick drunk where we're just like wanting to find you anything that we're literally, and it's like we Said, what's the proof? We needed proof. So we said, Aubrey, how do you know he's gay sweetie? He's watching fucking football over there. Like he's got a Texas hat and a Michigan sweatshirt that doesn't scream gay To me. Me like, come on. Like he, he's like hitting. Yeah, come on. She goes, girls, I stood behind him as he was watching the game and he was scrolling and scrolling and scrolling naked men on Instagram and zooming into their pectoral muscles and their V lines. And Lauren and I are dead silent you guys. And we go, well maybe, maybe he's a casting agent.


Maybe he's a talent scout. No. Like maybe he's a, maybe he's a talent model scout. Like we don't know. And Aubrey looks at us like, you dumb fucks you dumb. Fuck. Shut the fuck. And we're literally like, there's no fucking way. But everything that had like been built up into this moment, you guys, we couldn't accept that he was gay. So we sent you in. So I sent myself in and I'm like, I need to see it for my own fucking eyes. Like I couldn't, I at that point literally thought Aubrey was fucking with us. So I go to find him and I can't find him. And I'm like, fuck it, I need to go pee. Let's go pee. I walked to the bathroom, he had changed locations. And you guys, I see it for myself. I walk over and this man is still scrolling, scrolling, gorgeous men, hot, sexy, chiseled.


They look so fucking hot, but they're men. You know what I mean? And Lauren has a vagina and it just wasn't gonna work. So I come back to Lauren, I go, yeah, he's gay. Lauren's like, I'm, I put on makeup for nothing. So then Lauren, all of a sudden guys we're sitting at the bar onto her, right? There's a man to her left. Lauren literally goes, Hey, hi. Every fucking man. Oh, but then you know what, Aubrey leans in Lauren. He's drinking a pink martini. He was Also gay. Hey. But then, but then Lauren was like, fuck, fuck. What the fuck My gator. And then there was another man that came over that like there was a, there was a lot going on and we got a little, we were a little upset for you.


I didn't feel confident in my, we Didn't feel confident whatsoever. But we had a lot of fun doing it. And this is what I will say, it was so fun partaking in, although it was a fucking disaster. First advice to anyone in a relationship or married or engaged, whatever the fuck. Like be a fucking homie to your girlfriends and put your neck out for them and put yourself physically in moments where you are stopping men in their tracks for your fucking friend. Because what's so fucking great about I'm realizing with the wing woman situation is like, it makes you look like the chill mysterious one. If I'm the fucking annoying freak being like, Hey, like Tang did they say we can go to the lounge.


And then you're like, sorry, what did you say? It's such a good layup. Be the fucking wingwoman that your friend deserves. And for you Lauren, you gotta keep on the fucking horse bitch, you're fucking cruising. You've Been a wingwoman for me like many, a many a times before. You haven't been single that long in our life. No, but You're more of a relationship girly. Yes. The la the last time that I was like single a while ago was for one month. Oh yeah. That was bad. Back in 2018, Back in the boondock days Back in 2018, I was single for one month and I said, big Al, I wanna get out there and I wanna, Where did we find this man? Where, where, where did we coach?


We found him at catch catch. Oh my God. We went to catch that night literally hunting for Dick. We literally went to catch to find you a man. And we got so intoxicated. We both brought him back home. I I met him. You set me up with him and I was gonna go home with him. And you were like, well, like I don't wanna be alone. And you were living at Slim Shadys House? I was living at my ex-boyfriend's, well at the time boyfriend house. Yep. Yes. And he was out of town. Yep. And you say just bring him back to bring him back to Slim's house. And just mind you, I was acting like it was a guest bedroom. His roommate was fully another player on the team and you guys fucked in his teammate's bed.


And at the time I thought that the boyfriend Slim Shady was cheating on me, which ends up he was. So I don't feel bad, but I in the moment, like looking back, you guys fucked on Rob's bed. And then come the Morning I wake up and I'm like, I'm like so hungover and I'm so not into this and I go get into bed with you and I'm like, Alex, like this guy needs to leave. Like I don't wanna like talk to him. I don't because To be fair, it was like 10:00 AM and he was like still lingering, Still snoring. So Disgusting. We we're like, what do we do? What do we do? What do we do? And I write him a note and I say, Hey, so sorry I had a great time but I really need to die alone in peace.


You gotta go. And I went, crept in. Drop the note. You Stuck It under the door. The door the door. Gave it a little knock and then ran out. Like The fact that this man is in our home basically. And you're like leaving this man a note to be like, please let yourself out. Lauren is then comes back in bed and we lock the door, the door. We're in my ex-boyfriend's apartment who is an MLB player. There is memorabilia, signed autographs, team jerseys like all over. So this like New York City, like 20-year-old boy, frat boy. Frat boy is gonna like wake up and be like, I am in a penthouse of like an MLB player. And the funniest thing is you, when you first start to Call Her Daddy, you like hinted at this story that like you brought someone back, like for a friend to Slim Mercedeses when he was out of town and this guy found you.


Like this guy heard the story and DMed you a picture of the note. He kept The note you guys for four, three years later. Yeah, three Years later, this man dms me a picture and he goes, one of the greatest nice mornings. Yeah, mornings of my life. I wake up after having great sex and I walk around and I just am literally realizing that I'm in a Matt's pictures fucking apartment. But then I remember laying there with you and we're so hungover and I'm like, there's no way he's gonna steal anything. Right Lauren? But we were so far gone that we had been like, you left a note, we were being so fucking freaks. Yeah. And we just were like, I Was like, I like can't talk to anyone. Like he just like needs to leave. And then I remember we heard the front door slam and we walked around. I'm like, honestly, I don't give a fuck if he stole anything honestly.


Take it withing In check. But Slim Shandy was not happy. Oh He was fucking livid. And I was like, yeah, but what pussy were you in this week? Okay, Lauren fucks in his bed. You were in a different girl. And I'm the one that just gets fucked. Who? Everyone got fucked But Alex. So that was, yeah, I was a pretty good wing woman that night. I take pride in being a good wing woman and I'm very, very excited for this new venture for you. And I'm very happy that you're enjoying the single life. Because I think that you sometimes, understandably when you're single and a lot of your friends are in relationships, I feel like almost all your friends are in relationships, right? Like pretty much every friend is in a relationship. Engaged. Yeah. Or married. I think that can be hard where you're like not looking forward to being single only because you're like, fuck, I don't have that many single friends.


And I feel like you are having a lot of fun with it and you're being really open to going and meeting a lot of different people. Yeah. I will say the one positive is being the only single one. Everyone's kind of excited to wing woman. Everyone's like, Ooh, like let me like live vicariously through you a little bit. Oh, I love that. So that's a fun aspect. And another thing I will say that to Daddy Gang who's maybe like on the verge of like, Hmm, I know I need to end a relationship or wanting to end something and being scared about starting over at 30. Yeah. Something I've realized is dating at 30, 'cause the last time I was single I was 26.


Dating at 30 is so, so much different than dating at 26. Like I feel like at least from my experience so far, everyone is just like, so like straightforward and like the games are like really, really done. And like it's not like, am I gonna like obviously like I'm not just like gonna like text people like so like there's some coness to it of course, but it's like not games and it's straightforward and everyone's just like, yeah, like I'm looking for someone and like I'm not fucking around. Which is like so nice. It's refreshing and it, it just, it's easier.


This is an advertisement from Better Help. I cannot express how much of a Game Changer Therapy has been for me over the past few years. I would not be anywhere near where I am today without it. Going on a therapy journey gave me the tools I needed to set healthy boundaries, practice clear communication, and end the unhealthy habits that were holding me back. Setting aside time to focus on yourself is so crucial for personal growth and Daddy Gang. You do not not have to do it alone. In a society that glorifies being extremely independent, it's so easy for us to forget that we are so much better when we have a support system. Therapy can be that amazing source of support you're looking for in any area of your life. Whether you are working on finding balance or you're goal setting or you're trying to break toxic patterns, it all just gets so much easier when you ask for help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. This month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing is worth it. So don't miss it. For a limited time visit better help.com/daddy to get 90% off your first week. That's better help HEL p.com/daddy


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. Tinder is back and it's easier than ever to put yourself out there. Whether you're looking for a date, maybe just a vibe or someone to send unhinged memes to. Real connections happen here every day. A new relationship starts on Tinder every three seconds. Tinder gives you the freedom to meet people your way. If you've been waiting for a sign, this is it, Daddy Gang. Explore all the possibilities for yourself. Tinder, it starts with a swipe download Tinder today,


I feel like there's only a certain amount of years you can play the game until it actually gets boring. Like I actually Now if someone's playing the game, I'm like, okay, well it's not cool anymore, Right? You're like, I don't care. So, so next's at 26, if someone was playing the game, I'd be like, okay, like maybe like I'm a little bit into this. Well Again, because when you're younger in your twenties, like who the fuck wants to get married and settle down? Yeah, some people but not me. At that point I was like, I wanna feel the thrill. I wanna be getting my head bashed into the mattress. I wanna be getting flipped upside down and then I wanna be getting ghosted the next day. I wanna have my heart ripped outta my chest and I wanna do it all over again. And then some. And then when you get a little older, you're kind of like, I literally don't have time. No, I have taxes, I have a life, I have a family, I have fucking trips, I have work, I have a bunch of fucking shit.


And all my friends are finding their person. Like I wanna be intentional about how like intentional about what I'm doing and where I'm spending my Time. Like if I'm gonna leave my house and like put on makeup and like go out on like a Sunday or like a Tuesday, like yeah, let's be straightforward and like not waste each other's time here completely. Actually though I've run into two issues with my dating game that I would love your opinion on. Oh my God. Or your Advice. Hit Hit me. Okay. Issue number one. I cannot end a date under three hours. I have had no date go under three hours. The longest is so far being a first date lasting eight hours. Wait, sorry, I was just swallowing. Did you just say you went on a date that lasted eight hours? Yeah. Lauren, what does that even mean?


What time did you start The date? I think we went to dinner at six 30. Six. What time did you get home? 2:00 AM No, no, you're disturbing me right now. Are you in Ma? Are you getting married? No. Did you ever, did you wanna see the man again? I don't Know. Wait, Only Lauren being like, I spent eight hours with a man and I don't even know if I wanna see him again. I thought you were about to tell me that you literally are in love with someone. You spent eight hours with a man. So my issue is You can't end it. I can't end it because in my mind I'm like, what if they're a little nervous right now? Or like what if like the spark's about to hit and like while I'm here, like I might as well just like give it like let it's run.


Its chorus a little bit and like see if something pivots. I get what you're saying. Sometimes I do that with interviewing where I'll be talking to someone and like the beginning is like light work. You're like, ooh, you're little nervous. Lemme throw you some softballs. Yeah. But by the end, once you're jiving, you could ride off into the sunset. Okay, wait, hold on. Is this the plant man? No, I can't. Can we just quickly tell that story? Okay. Okay. You're fucked up. You had a very long date. I go on a very long first date with this guy, eight hours and we're drinking at a bar and I just moved and I'm telling him like, he's like, what'd you do earlier that day? And I'm like, oh, I went plant shopping and like I got myself a new plant Naturally.


And He's like, oh well like I'm moving tomorrow. And like I don't know what to do with my plants. Like do you wanna come and like get all of my plants and like you can have all of my plants? And I'm like, fantastic. Like You are drunk. You're like free plants. Are you fucking kidding me? Yes. So then what happens though? So I go over and I end up leaving and I don't leave with the plants, but then the next day. But he gave you a foot massage. Yes. No. Can I just tell that part? Sh. It's so good Lauren. It's so good. This man's gonna love this. You think Lauren? He's gonna love it. And it's not even like offensive. It's hilarious. So what, and tell me, correct me if I'm wrong, okay, Lauren says she's in this man's apartment, they're having a nightcap.


A nightcap, but on seven dates at this point in one night and Lauren sits down and how does he ask for your foot? Wait, does he just take your foot? Yeah, he just grabs it. He grabs her feet to which she's like this. And Lauren in her head was like, please for the love of God, no, no, no. I hope he doesn't have a foot fetish. Please don't have a foot fetish. Please don't have a foot fetish. He takes off her sock, takes off the other sock and he starts, Thank God I had a pedicure. And he starts massaging your feet. And what do you do in that moment? Like, oh, I go, ooh, I guess you're fucked up.


So it's Like I was, yeah, I was drunk at that point. I was just like, oh okay. I think I was just in my head like, please don't pop a toe in your mouth, please don't pop a toe in your mouth. Honestly that is like a dream. If a man's gonna massage, I get it on a first seat. It's a little much. But a man that's willing to give acts of service Guys, I've been out there, I've been having experiences. No, She's living. So then the next morning you wake up 'cause you don't sleep there, I leave. You don't hook up like more than a make out. No, you get home and then And then he, and then she wakes up in the morning and he shows up to your apartment with like 45 plants.


Guys, I have really nice plants now. Like I have so many plants, like I don't know what to do with them. No, plants Are expensive. Like good plants. Yes. And they're like, they came with pots. Oh my god. And like I've never owned this many plants now and like now like I feel like I'm like a plant mom and like So did he Just leave Chicago? He's gone. Yeah. No, he doesn't live in Chicago anymore. Here's the thing, diamonds plants, it's all in the same realm. Okay. If you can get something from a first date, you're winning. You got a foot Massage and plant. Oh he me Cheese knives too. What? So he just gave you all the shit that he was getting rid of. Here's the thing, I'm really proud of you. I feel like you're having good experiences, but you need, I agree. I think you are.


How fast do you think you like when should I like start cutting it? To Be fair, I, I feel like back in the day, three hours Is fair. Three hours is a long fucking dime, Lauren. But here's the thing, I do think when you're single, there's also something to be said about like on a Wednesday night. On a Thursday night, if you didn't have plans with your girlfriends, like yeah, I guess you could be home like reading a guitar. But like I finished it. Oh well then. Exactly. So then what the fuck else are you doing? We read our fucking series. You're done binging our shows. Yeah, like but the point is is you, I feel like, I feel like you are someone that like, you like to hang out with people. I Think that's also the thing. Like I've been really fortunate, like all the dates I've gone on, like while there might not have been like enough chemistry to go on a second date, like they're all like lovely people.


Yeah. And you're like getting to know them and like, And myself. Period. Okay Lauren. Yeah. This is my advice to you. Number one, if you're going on a weekday date, do you do those often? I never do Friday or Saturday. I'm a big Sunday date person. Okay. So I feel like if you're doing either a Sunday or you're doing a weekday thing, I think that, 'cause I was gonna say go for drinks, but like make them fucking pay for a good dinner. Like get yourself a good steak and fill up. You know what I mean? So I think, 'cause I get it when people are like, just go for drinks, it's easier to get out Of. Yeah. Then I've been doing that and then I'm like having drinks for three hours and now I'm like, I'm really hungry. So might as well eat. Exactly. So I think I, I already know you and I was the same like go for the fucking dinner.


Yeah. I do think you can always say like, I have an early morning tomorrow and I know that's not that fun, but you're still gonna like have a drink and you're gonna hang. I do think you just have to almost cut yourself though. Because what I also recognize is first dates are so fun but you don't wanna blow your fucking load in the first date. Where like, you almost are kind of like, I don't really need anything more. We kind of talk about everything like what else is there to do almost. I've had those dates where I'm like, that was so fun, but I almost don't need to like see this person again. Yeah. Because I don't see a future with them and I kind of know everything about them now. Like it's over. Yeah. I think you wanna still feel like you have more questions about someone. So I would say you just have to eat at the normal fucking pace and by the third fucking course Lauren, get the fucking check and go home.


But you're going for Nightcaps. That's where I need to cut it off. You need to cut it off? No, no. Nightcaps after dinner? No. Okay. What's the other problem you're going with? I keep thinking that everyone's trying to kiss me goodbye and they're not. And so like they're going for a goodbye hug and I kiss them and it's really fucking awkward. So you're the problem. Lauren's like there not trying to kiss me, but I feel like it, so I go in fort first. I think what you have that is actually so fucking fair. One was so bad. I literally ran away and got in the Uber. I Know. Wait, what happened? Like he, we, we were like going for the hug and like I thought like he was like gonna try to kiss me. So I go and I kiss him and it was just like, and I literally, my Uber was there and I literally just like turn around and I just get in the Uber.


I don't say anything. I just turn around. Lauren, You just speed away. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. No, no. This is what I think you need to do. Which I actually completely agree. First dates when you're vibing with someone. Also like I like a first date Makeout. 'cause I like to be like, maybe if the conversation was like average or mid the makeout, if it's so good, it makes you be like, maybe I'll go on a second date with you. You know what I mean? Like that's an added point. Like, are you sexually attracted to the person? Yeah. So I'm all for a, for little makeout on the first date. But if you don't want to do the makeout, I think, well I've been initiating all of these and they've been like, what are you doing? But no Lauren, I think you need to, when you go to hug them, goodbye, you need to hug.


I can't believe we're doing this hug. And then it's a p it's it's pug. No. Yeah, it's a one, two, whatever the fuck hug then grab their but and then and then grab, grab the ass and kinda finger the dingleberries and and kind pinch his asshole hair. No, no, you hug. And the minute you're done with the hug you kind of re you, you turned your head away from them and you kind of pull back. You're probably kind of doing the linger. I hug. Okay, ready? Hug me. I hug. Okay, you hug. And then I Contact Lauren. Lauren, you're literally in my nostril hair.


You literally are No Lauren. Okay. Okay. Wait, I have a solution. You have to go like this. You go like this and then, and then you go like that. Oh, and Then, oh, then you, Have you ever hugged an uncle? Like, Okay, wait, so, so this was really distressing me and oh, I was talking to my one guy friend in Chicago. I'm like, does this ever happened to you? Like this is an epidemic over here for me. And he's like, Lauren, here's my rule that I live hard and fast by on the first date. If the, if a kiss does not happen during the actual date, he's like, I never kiss goodbye. Oh, because a goodbye kiss. There's so much pressure and it's so forced.


So he was like, now sit. And he's like, so like if you're like sitting, we're Doing a tutorial, If you're like sitting and like talking and he's like, if you're like knees are touching and like you go on for the kiss during the date, like then normal natural chemistry. But he's like, if it doesn't happen on the actual date, never on the goodbye. Okay, that's this is, this is good confirmation. So here's the thing though, I'm gonna rebuttal a tiny bit. Okay. The goodbye. If it's the literal goodbye when you are like, Uber's ready, there I go. And you're like hands on the fucking taxi cab or Uber, you are like, I guess I'm going now. And he's like, bye. Yeah, get in the fucking car. Okay. You're trying to like elongate to a four hour situation. You're like, just one more night cab.


I don't wanna go home just yet. But I think for example, after dinner, Matt and I, on our first date, it was a back alley makeout. How I knew it was gonna be a back alley makeout is there was a lot of sexual tension throughout the dinner. Okay, this is my mistake. There's no sexual chemistry or no sexual tension. And then I try to plan a kiss on him. Lauren, Lauren, Lauren, this is good. This is good info. So you're just not reading the fucking room. I Don't know what I'm doing. No, I think you're just having fun. I'm trying to gift them a good time. No, you And you're having fun.


And you're having fun. You're a sexual being. You're seeing if you can Maybe I'm too like pent off. No, and I, you're kind of like, you're kind Of looking at them like legs open. Like this man is like, we literally fought at dinner and our views are completely different. We Literally talked about like politics and like your job and like there was nothing sexual going on. Lauren, I'm not doing that. Don't worry. No, No, no. Listen, I think it's so fucking attractive when the woman makes the first move. However, you know, we don't want you to get a reputation around Chicago. They're like, yeah, this fucking day.


Well I need to clean up my act. You gotta get it together. No have fucking fun. But no, I think if it's at the end of the night, there's something really steamy and hot about this built. But to be fair, on my first date with Matt, he literally reached across the table at one point and held my hand and he was like, can I kiss you yet? So we had been talking Love that. I know that was like fucking hot. And I literally was like, no. Okay, So that's a really good tangible example. Yes. Of tension and chemistry. There's Tension. He's like touching me. He's like, hold my hand. He was like, can I kiss you yet? I said no. So I knew we were gonna kiss. If this man is given, it is a job interview through and through and he is trying to network baby and this is giving more LinkedIn. Yeah, I think you don't give them the kiss.


Don't plant one on them. Don't plant one unless you're in the mood and you're horny at night. You know what? Bring 'em fucking back. Rarely are men gonna be like, no, no, no, no. I don't wanna see you in your vibrator tonight, in your bed. Like, all right. Like I think you gotta decide what you wanna do. I am so excited that you're thriving and you're single. Honestly. You're gonna find your guy.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst. The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender from the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Bea Boutique Daddy Gang Spring is coming and so should you. That's right. Free vibrators for everyone. Be Boutique is a woman founded sexual wellness company that just gets it. They just launched the first ever silent vibrators and it's mind blowing. Listen to this Daddy Gang. Did you hear that? No, because these vibrators make no noise if you live with roommates. Okay? If you live with parents or your partner is sleeping right next to you, these toys are silent, but without compromising power. Life changing. Okay, I need this and you need this. Here's the thing, Daddy Gang, I have always said to you. Put your sexual wellness at the forefront. It literally directly affects your mental health. Make sure you are enjoying yourself, you're having a good time. You should absolutely get yourself a vibrator. I have one and I use it every time I have sex. Obviously the Daddy Gang needs the hookup. So everyone is getting a free whisper. Bullet vibrator. Yes, I just said that you are getting a free vibrator. Just go to bb vibes.com/daddy to claim yours. That's bb vibes.com/ D-A-D-D-Y and you'll win either a free silent vibrator or you'll get one free with your order. 18 plus only. You're welcome.


Lauren brought a game. Okay, she's fun. I brought a game. Do you do this on your dates? Yeah, I played Connect four for like an hour and a half on one of them. What? Lauren Connect four. Where the fuck did you find a Connect Four Thing on a bar for the nightcap? Well, you what I Thought you like brought them back to your apartment? No. Okay. Wait, That's cute. Yeah. Cute. Cute. I love games. Okay. Okay, so the connect four. So I have a game and it's New Year's theme since today, new Year, new Us, new Year's Day. And it's stuff, things that people normally do during the new year. Oh. And we, I'm gonna name them. Okay. And then if you could see yourself doing it in the new year, have a drink, love, go back to your natural hair color.


Absolutely not. Oh, I'll drink. I'm kind of doing that right now. By choice or by, or did someone fuck your hair up? I'm a little darker than I would like to be right now. Lauren Has been crying. No, we can't. We can't. Okay. We're both not going natural. No. No. Fuck that shit. No. You, when's the last time you had your natural hair color? Never. I put in So much. Fucking no. Actually though. When was the last No one will ever know? When was the last time you had your natural hair color? High school. Not even. Not even Eighth grade. When did you first dye your hair? Summer. Going into freshman year of high school. And I will never fucking go back bitch. And you will never see with my natural hair unless there's a gun to my fucking head. And even when I'm fucking pregnant, one day wigs up in this bitch.


Okay, next. Okay, take a drink if you would get a dog in the new year. Oh my god. Matt literally will kill me. I make jokes to Matt being like, I could see you getting a third. Do We want a third? And he's like, you are mentally unstable. If you think we need a third, Matt's like, give me a fucking baby before another fucking dog. Fair. I don't think we need another third dog. I would fucking love nothing more than a dog. But I live in an apartment building. I travel too much. No dog. No dog for me. No dog for right now I just live off Bruce. Yes. You love Bruce. Take a drink. If you would go on a solo trip in the new year, I will drink to that. I'm too Scared. Like I can't everything in my body. Our, our best friend Kristen goes on solo trips all the time From an, she just got back from an 11 day in Nicaragua.


And I literally looked at her and I'm like, you are everything. I wanna be Kristen. But there isn't a bone in my body that could get myself on a plane and go somewhere and not think that there is a man gonna come through that door to kill and harm me. Like I can't go on a solo trip. I'm too scared. It's on my like little short bucket list that I have before I get in a relationship. I think that would be a good experience for me. Like I kind of wanna follow in Kristen's footsteps and do like a surfing retreat. But the issue was the last time I went surfing, I broke my foot. Yeah. Like we, You're gonna go, maybe you'll go on a solo, but like I'm gonna have someone trailing you. Yeah. I'm gonna get you a security guard or something. I'm just so it sucks being a fucking woman. Yeah. Like it fucking sucks that we have to think about that shit.


Like I remember at one point I said to a guy at one point like I could never go on a solo trip. And they were like, why? And I was like, why do you think? And they're like, I literally don't know. And I'm like, oh, you don't get it. Okay. That's the difference between men, man and woman. Continue Have a drink. If you would get a tattoo in the new year. Absolutely not. I Think if you see me getting a tattoo, it's like a little bit of like a pink flag that I'm having a minty bee. Oh I think that's like a fucking blazing red flag. Lauren, that's not pink. You Not like for anyone But like for me. No, for you, for me personally. No, no, no. If you're getting a tattoo, I know I gotta somehow find a way to contact your therapist. Yeah. No, I think we're not tattoo girls.


No, we've just never had, I don't have a single tattoo. You don't have a single tattoo? No, I don't see this. You would pass out 'cause you can't do needles. Like I literally before when I heard that VI would just literally pass out. I would be Okay. But like gun to your head. You had to get a tattoo Like right now. Like what would you get? This is why I know I should never get a tattoo is 'cause like literally if there was a gun to my head, I'm telling you I have nothing. I have nothing I would wanna permanently put on my body. I have nothing. Nothing. I've Like lightly thought about it and I'm like, like maybe like something to honor my dad. But like I don't wanna be the girl with the dead dad tattoo. No, I think you could just like look at pics and pray to him.


All right. B Papa. Love you Rob. Yeah, no, I don't think we're tattoo girls. No. Okay. Love you. Only your dad knew. Love you Papa. Have a drink If you would get Botox in the new year. Yeah, please. Multiple drinks. Fucking facelift coming soon I hope. No, I'm just kidding. I've Never gotten Botox but I want to. I've got enough for both of Us. I'm just kidding. And I'm gonna do it when I visit you in LA 'cause I wanna do like, I don't want someone to like fuck me up. Like I think you can. I've seen some eyebrows go a little skew. Oh, I've had it. Trust me. Go back to my Forbes conference. I wanted to fucking end it all.


I think that you should absolutely, when you feel ready get Botox in your forehead. It literally makes your skin look so nice. Also, there is a trend right now and I am, I am so interested. I, I know the certain celebrities that have done it and I've been zooming in. Zooming in. There is a trend right now of the lower facelift that everyone is getting. What is that? It's like you just, you're not old enough to get the full facelift. So all these celebrities are getting these lower facelifts that it just pulls it basically like this from a little lower than like right where your nose kind of is ending and they just pull everything up. So whenever you see these people on the red carpet and it's like their jaw looks so fucking snatched. One, I've heard that they're getting these things injected to give them a nicer jawline.


It's like literally a fake implant thing of a jaw like Filler Or like an actual fake thing apparently. Oh. And then on top of that they're snatching it with a facelift. So I'm not getting one. But like when do we get facelifts at like 50, 60? No sooner. Oh, Sooner. Sooner. Okay. So We will go together. Matt will drop us off when we're like Matt Will take care of us. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'll just still be Third wheeling you Guys. No, it'll be perfect. We'll all get facelifts together. Matt's like, I don't want one. I'm like, you're getting one. Okay. So yes Botox in the future obviously tomorrow please. Okay. Have a drink in the new year if you would try Ayahuasca. Absolutely not. Like I'm Curious like I think it sounds really intense. I don't wanna shit my pants.


Like I already do it enough. I don't wanna shit and throw up and you know me with drugs. Yeah. I'm not a drug girl. I think I could handle it. You could handle it. You and Kristen could do ayahuasca together. But it's, It sounds like, what do you think, say you wouldn't shit your pants. What spiritual journey do you think you would go on, go on in your ayahuasca journey? Oh my fucking God. Like I know this is like lame to say, but like I'm just not that type of person. Like if I have a problem I literally just like, I address it head on quickly and I keep it moving. Like I don't feel like I'm someone that's like the nature in the sand and I need to put my feet in the ground and get the sand to like, I don't know, I feel like I'm every week.


Would you like talk to nana maybe? No, I don't give a shit about my grandma. Like I love her but I wouldn't be like nana. Like I love my, no, I give a shit about her. But not in that way. I wouldn't be like nana. Like my Nana died. I had a great life with her. She was awesome. I loved her. But like I don't need to talk to her. I, I guess I, I would like to know if she's like sitting in Mercury, we always wondered if she was like bad behaved that she never got straight up to heaven. Not Mercury. Oh my God. Oh my god. I'm not even drinking. No, I always wondered like, is Nana no to make it Out? Nana's definitely in heaven at this point. She went through some trauma. I have no interest in talking to my grandmother. I mean it wouldn't be bad but like I just don't think I'd be like, I need to go through drugs to do that.


Yeah. You know what I mean? So I, I think for me, No ayahuasca on the Docket. I don't think I need that. Would what do, who would you connect with your dad? Like not to be the dead dad girl, But like I know but you would you want to, I Don't know like Do you wanna like connect Like that sounds like it could ruin my life. You're like I kind of wanna keep it where I kept him. Yeah. I feel like we're not going on that journey. I don't see Ayahuasca in the next year for me. But if you do come and sit down and talk to us about it. I will. I'll let you guys know. Perfect. Thanks. Dead people on Ayahuasca. Wait, do you talk to dead people in Ayahuasca? No. I think in Ayahuasca you confront whatever demons you haven't confronted and maybe that's having a conversation with a dead person who you feel you didn't have closure With.


No, Nana's definitely not haunting me. But now that I think about it, who is dead and haunting me, I guess no one. So I guess it, oh, confront the demons like, like A demon. Your inner demons. Do you have any inner demons that you wanna talk to us about today? Oh my god. You know, I Mean, I mean knew your everyone. This is not the episode to talk about that. No, I've got some demons but like I don't wanna face some You wanna keep 'em locked up today? Yeah. Pent that shit up. Okay. Lock it away. Demons are saying locked up for the year 2025. Yeah, We'll connect back maybe in 2026. Let that shit rip. That's the year of confronting demons.


Love, Love, love. Is that it? Yeah. Do you have New Year's resolution? I have no New Year's resolutions. I will be honest. I have so many fucking goals that I am setting for myself with regard to work and career and I feel like I've never felt more motivated and excited for this year. I feel like there's been so many changes that are coming in a fabulous way. I am gonna roll out a bunch of new stuff with SiriusXM that's gonna give the Daddy Gang more content, which is very exciting.


And I know I've been saying that for a while guys. But it's coming. It's just basically it's starting in February essentially. So I haven't been able to talk about it. 'cause you guys know I, I love a good little tease and I love a good little promotion that I love a good little drop to get your panties fucking wet. So I have a lot of things I'm excited to give to the Daddy Gang because they have been so supportive of me and this show and I wouldn't be here without them. So I think 2025 is gonna be the year of doing everything for the Daddy Gang and connecting with as many people as I humanly possibly can. And that's literally why I am coming out with this drink. Like when I think of the unwell lifestyle, I totally see people online being like, I don't wanna be unwell in my thirties.


And I'm like, me either. Like me either at all. I, but unfortunately like life isn't fucking perfect. We're all fucking exhausted. Whether it's from work or you're drinking or you're sober or you're your life is fucked or you are exhausted from work or it's just like children, children, single dating, kissing random men like Lauren, like we're all a little fucking unwell. And I think this drink was just like another extension of what the Daddy Gang and I have built is this community. And now to be able to like physically hold something that can help people when they're feeling shitty, I'm like, that's pretty fucking cool. And I never knew what the first thing that I would come out with would be.


And now this feels so natural to me, having been an athlete my whole life. Hydration has been in my life my whole life. But I also am not a fucking athlete anymore. And I sit on my fucking ass more than I work out. And I want something that doesn't make me feel like shit if I didn't hit the gym that day. Or you can have it in the gym. So it's available guys now in Target if you wanna go buy it and try it. It's so yummy. Lauren, what did you say about it when you tried the cocktail version? I Had many a cocktail versions at the launch party in New York, but like those were like just like a bartender making them this. I just poured tequila and the strawberry and it blends so well. And Lauren goes, Alex, this is gonna be the cocktail at my wedding.


Oh, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna sponsor your wedding. No, I'll, I'm hydration sponsoring my wedding. I Will stalk you up. But no, I'm really excited and yeah, I think 2025 is gonna be a great year. How do you feel about 2025? I ended 2024 making a really, really hard decision to end my relationship. Yeah. That I'm really proud of. So I want to go into 2025 not settling and being really, really fucking intentional and not getting antsy, not getting impatient, not feeling like shit about myself and just taking my time and just not settling. That's my, I love that For you.


That's my, I love that for Youre so much. I also think personal wise for 2025, like I feel like Matt and I are in such a good place and we always joke like we, you know like we love working, we are so passionate about what we do, but I feel like we did a really good job in 2024, like being so intentional about the time that we spent together and that had nothing to do with work. So I think I wanna take into 2025 what we kind of like laid the groundwork of 2024 of like we can love working and we can be passionate, but what really also matters to me is my relationship with my husband. And I think I wanna continue to be so intentional about the moments where we are offline and quiet and go and have good sex at a resort and enjoy our time together.


And yeah, I'm really excited. I'm excited for two. So Lauren and I are about to go to a bar. That's why Lauren was pre-gaming. I was like taking a break because my fucking throat was hurting, but now I'm gonna start ramping it up. Let's have a little fucking tequila and unwell hydration and I really hope Daddy Gang, that you listen if you were someone that was at home by yourself on New Year's Eve, I have been there. I have cried in my bed and been like, this is the worst fucking New Year's eve of my life. And a lot of times I feel like those nights are what leads you to the best fucking year yet because there's nowhere to go but up. And I know it sounds depressing, but like I have fucking been there through the trenches sobbing, laying in my fucking childhood bed being like, I'm a loser.


I don't know what the fuck I'm doing next. And it's only up from there. So if you're at a low right now, trust me when I say, bitch, this is your fucking year. Let's get it. If you were someone that had the best fucking time, I'm so happy for you that you have people around you that you're able to just enjoy your life with these people and keep investing in your friends. Don't center a man or whatever to your life. Like make sure you're giving all of the energy to all of your relationships. I feel like that's another thing in 2025, like we've been so good about. You've Been so intentional. I was even talking about you to like my Chicago friends and I was just like, I really admire, like you've been so intentional with your relationships this past year.


Well I love you and Lauren and I are gonna go eat some burgers and get a little tipsy lipsy. So we're At Altitude Baby. Oh yeah. I love you all. This is about to be the best fucking year yet, bitches. I will see you. Fuckers. Next Wednesday, goodbye.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


If you are like most of us, you start shopping for a dress at T minus the thing you need the dress for. And if that's a fail, stand back says it's not pretty. Gratefully, there's Everif if you know you know and if you don't, you're welcome. Everif is the women's fashion retailer that understands your lifestyle and has the best brands and the latest trends. You need to look great, which is why your favorite new dress is here. New customers. Save 10% right now at ever eve.com/podcast.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help. Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.