
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Intuit QuickBooks. Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? Yes. Amazing. It is time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. We love going to the next level. Daddy Gang. Okay. We love to be the best. Okay. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses. So manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money, money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. License as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by eBay. This is what you do when you have high standards and fancy all the fancy things like a Dior saddlebag or that diamond tennis bracelet. You go to eBay Daddy Yang. Okay. There you are. Gonna find new loves that will never disappoint expertly authenticated. Whether it is that vintage pearl necklace or a brand new ruby earrings, maybe a PR cross body bag or classic watches like a Rolex oyster or that Cartier tank on eBay. There are no limits to your high standards. Yeah. eBay, the place for new pre loved, vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement, bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up? Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy Hunter Schafer. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you so much. I'm so happy you're Here. Thank you. I'm so happy to be here. Like I just told you, not the, not the vape to Me, not the vape coming out as you're like, thank you so much. But This is how comfortable I'm feeling right now. So, but this means the world to me. I just have to start off and say, because me, my sister, who's you have graciously led in this room, love. Put me onto your podcast during the pandemic and we were gagging and I'm just, I'm so excited to Be you today. I love you. Okay. Little do you know, I really love you because I have to tell you a story.


Okay. So I think it was a year ago, we were this close to each other and you had no idea. Probably we were in Milan and I was sitting with her. Were you at the Prada show? Yes, I do remember seeing you there. Okay. Okay. This is the, were you There? Okay. Okay. Hunter Sister's in the room and she's saying she saw me freaked out. Okay. This is why life is so fucking stupid. Mm. Because I was standing with my videographer and I was like, oh my God, it's Hunter. And he was like, go say hi to her. And I was like, no, no. Like, that's weird. That's weird. He was like, no, go say hi. I'm like, no, no, no. Like I believe one day we are gonna meet. Yeah. In a non like weird or like moment where I'm like, fangirling. That's Totally how I feel about people too. Like that I gag over Yes. Is like, if I know that we are gonna, 'cause you have that feeling about people sometime where you're like, I know I'm gonna ke you with this person.


I'm like, I don't wanna fuck it up, But I'm so happy you're here.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit, when you're working out, I don't know for you guys, but like, I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh, I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to workout in and look great in every day life. You need to check out their Performance Jogger part of Yuri's Dream Knit Collection. The Performance Jogger is great for stretching or lounging, and it is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance jogger's, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger. Like, you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends. What are you putting up on top? And then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay. So if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts? Or even just for lounge? Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus, enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her Daddy. That's VUOR i.com/ Call Her Daddy exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you, Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes. Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well, guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay. So kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile Thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Okay. Tell me about your outfit. How did you pick this outfit? We're loving it. Okay. Thank you. You know, I, this is like, well we, and we were just talking about this kind of Yeah. Is is like, I always feel like, like the image that I put out into the world, like on Instagram, whatever, is like very much like the drag version of who I am. And it's like an image that I've put together to like give to the world and, and like that is not how I dress and act in real life. And so, but like this, I feel like your podcast is very about like cozy. Let's do like give realness. Yes. And this is my, I I picture it up off the floor and put a little stupid outfit together and that's what it, that's what this is.


So it's really cute. Thank you. And I'm happy that you're comfortable. And that is the key here. Like coziness. Yes. And RuPaul also, bitch. Okay. Can I just say that interview like, face cracked me, like that interview impacted me so much and also I lived for her outfit for her give with the, with the Oh my God. It was so incredible because I remember like, you're kind of talking like similar with like ru like presents a specific way and has these like cunt outfits that you're like, This is what I'm talking about. So about Bitch. Yes. And I remember when Ru showed up, I was like, oh my gosh. And I remember the rep was like, no, Ru really wanted to show up today just as like ru Yeah. And this is what like Ru would be wearing. Yes. Like around Ru's house. And I was like, okay. Yeah. And so I love that you came just like cozy today.


Thank you. You just bought a new house like Yes. This year. Yes. I heard you did too. Yes. Okay. How is it going girl? Oh My God, girl. Okay. So I, well I've been looking for a house for a few years now. To be, to be a hundred percent honest, I have, like, I didn't grow up with, it's, it's a very surreal thing to be like, making significantly more money than like, anywhere where I came from. Like my parents, any with anything that I grew up with. Yep. You know, we're just pretty regular middle class and now I'm like, I have a, I have a lot of fucking dough and I have no idea how to, how to use it.


And so I, and it scares me. I love you. And, and so like at some point I had to be like, okay, I need to do something with mean money. My money. And, and so yeah. I've, I've been looking for a house. I finally found this beautiful house and yeah, I've, I moved in when? September of last year. Okay. And I've started on the whole like, now I'm going to hire people to make, I tried doing the whole, I'm going to buy furniture by myself. I have no idea what the fuck I'm doing. It's so fucking hard. Are you doing That? Oh my God. I literally left it to my husband. 'cause like back in the day, your husband Is, you let your husband Do it.


No, no. I know this sounds insane, hunter, but like Matt has incredible taste. Okay. God. He has like perfect taste. God. And I'm like, now I just let him do his thing because I'm gonna be honest, I decorated my first New York City apartment where I first lived alone for the first time ever. And I was like, watch me bitch. Like this is gonna be so gorgeous. I got the couch and the couch sat there for so long and I'm like, how do you make a space look good? This? And I see Pinterest and I see like even Urban Outfitters. Yes. Like the, it looks so cute. And then I buy it and it looks like fucking shit. Yes. So then I hire someone and I hired my husband to do it. Exactly. So amazing. Good for you. He'll come over and help you. I wish, I wish I had a husband that had amazing taste. That is not my fucking case.


Diva. I, I like, yeah. So I, I had, I went through the exact same spiral of like, okay, wait, I like, you know, I look at couches and then I'm like, wait, but, but like, and this is so, I, I hate, it's so like, it's okay, go Off First world, whatever, whatever go off, you know, like I look at this amazing couch, but then like, if I spend a bunch of money on this couch and then I, but then the carpet Right. Changes everything. Like, huh Girl, I'm, I'm like, I, I tried, I really tried. And then I was like, no. So I, I hired a Designer. I, yeah. So, so have you seen Troy Yvonne's ad video? Yeah. Insane. Yeah. Insane. So I hit Troy up and, and he was very gracious in connecting me to those people.


So they're doing it for me. God bless. And I'm, we are just getting started. Everything in my house right now is completely covered in sawdust. 'cause the roof just got done and it all came through the ceiling. It's insane. So, you know. Okay. Well it doesn't maybe matter because you're leaving. No. Can we talk about this? So this is all gonna happen while I'm away. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So talk to me. You walk in here and you're like, bitch, you caught me at a great time. And I'm like, wait, why Hunter, why? You're, tell me, okay. What is happening? Okay. So, so yes, you have caught me for this interview and very, it, it, I've had a fucking week.


My sister knows this. Okay. I've had a fucking crazy week. So I, I got this, it wasn't necessarily an offer, but, but you know, people, the ca casting people for this TV show Okay. Came to me like, you know, a little over a month ago and asked if I was interested. And I initially, and this is something we'll get into too Yeah. Is, is I don't think I, you know, I feel like I did TV and that was such a great intro to acting. But since moving into films, I realized I love the film format so much more because it's so, it just, TV is so, it's beast. It's a beast.


It's a beast. And so I, I was really like under the impression with myself that I was not going to do TV again after euphoria is over. Okay. But, and, and so I initially, I, I said, no, I don't think I can. I mean, this sounds really cool, but I, I just don't think I can do it again. Okay. And then, and then, you know, and then so they went off and they went into, they tried, you know, they tried casting people and then they came back over a little over a week ago and were like, Hey, we just wanna gauge your interest again 'cause we really think you are could be really right for this. And so I was like, okay, I need a meeting with y'all to like, show me really what you're trying to accomplish here.


It was an amazing meeting. And I was like, fuck. I feel like the universe is like handing me this thing right now. It's not what I thought. Yeah. I was gonna give, but I feel like I have to do this and can I say what it is? I was, I was gonna, it's Blade Runner 2099. So, so there's, you know, the initial Blade Runner from the eighties Right. And there's 2049 from 2019. And so this is the continuation 2099 in TV show format. Wait, it's very cool. Congratulations. Thank you. That's like insane. Thank you. And when you have meetings like that, when you say like, it goes well, like, what do you look for to make you feel comfortable? Well, yeah, so like I, the acting thing, this all, like, I was, I was not looking to be an actor.


It's not what I thought I was gonna do with my life. So crazy. It, I still question whether it is, I've just, so this week has been this whole process of being like, shit, I have, I am being handed these incredible opportunities on a silver fucking platter. Right. And while it might not be why I thought I was put on this earth to do like this is, is it, this is what I'm being fucking called to do right now. Right. And, and so that's been like a big processing moment. And, and I think it's really allowing me to like head into this project and just like fully Yeah. Like, like just dive in head first and like give myself to it, you Know? Okay. I have so many questions of just like how we got here and how you are doing.


So you grew up in North Carolina and obviously that's so fucking different than la What is your hometown like? Can you describe it? Yeah, so, well, so it's, Your sister is laughing. Why is she laughing? What's So funny? Yeah. Well, you know, I, so I've, I I really, I'm gonna be honest, I've, I fucking hated North Carolina. Okay. And growing up there, being queer, being queer in the south, anybody who's queer in the south knows it's not fucking easy. It's really culturally it's in a completely different place than like the bubbles in the cities that we live in. And I always knew that I didn't belong there and that I belonged in these spaces where I can like be myself and like, not feel like a, there's a target on my fucking back all the time.


I really hated it. And like, I, I'm not gonna lie, like growing, growing up there like, like fucked me up. I have now come to love it because I can return there in all my bad bitchy. Right. And like, know that I'm fierce and I don't feel like a fucking nuisance for existing in North Carolina now. So I, I love it now, but growing up there, it was, it was tough. I did not like it. Yeah. What were you like as a kid, like in this environment? Describe yourself. One of my like, I guess afflictions with life is I have never been able to really help but be who I am. And, and you know, so even before I transitioned and I transitioned in my first couple years of high school, but before I transitioned, you know, I'm just like, can I say bad words?


I mean, hunter, like Yes, please say that. So I'm just like this little faggot. Like I, and you know, I am like a, an extremely high femme boy in this, you know, space of like, you know, boys are like very one way, especially in the south, in the south. Like, it's just culturally what it is. And, but it, I mean, it's one of, I'm so thankful that I have not really been, been given a choice to be anyone but who I am. So I always stuck out like a sore thumb. But I was, I loved like, have extremely artistic, pretty happy. I've always had like a, like a pretty easy access to like joy I think.


So like, despite my circumstances. Yeah. You know, I, I I look back on my childhood and despite being in a certain amount of pain just for being who I am. Yeah. I was a pretty happy kid, you know? That's amazing. Yeah. Like if you're in the south Yeah. You are Right. As like growing up, if you are queer in the south, like still to this day, it's crazy to say like, kids are having a hard time. Yeah. Even in fucking California, they have a hard time. Yeah. Oh yeah. Which is even fucking crazy to say. Yes. So when you're growing up in that environment, I know you have three siblings and you're the oldest Yes. Being the oldest, was it hard to like, open up to your siblings or were they like there for you? Like what was that dynamic? I would say the siblings ha was, was on the easier end because I think that, I mean like me and me and Hannah, like we, because we are so close in age, so we were in the same schools and, and because nobody really understood like what I was doing.


I think, you know, we had our trials and tribulations as siblings and we, but we, we've taught, you know, we've moved far, far beyond that now. And you know, my siblings are some of the closest people in my life now. But, but at the time, yeah, I think it was, it was a little tough for everybody 'cause no one, and not even me understood what like I was going through and why I stuck out like a sore thumb and you know, whatever. But As happy as you were, that like, makes me sad for any kid that's like going through something that's like indescribable in your mind at that point. Yeah. Did you have a hard time in school? Yeah. Like what was your middle school like? Middle school was probably the hardest actually. Okay. You know, young teenage boys are, are pretty gnarly.


Especially when they're confronted with like a, like a kid who they just don't know what to do with like, with they, they don't under, they have no grasp of like, queerness, whatever it is. So it's like, it's like, oh, like look at this fact, like look at this gay kid. Like Right. They, they just don't know what to do with it. And so they'll be mean, you know, and, and you know, so that was like, that was always tough just dealing with boys who don't of course get it. But I found my cute little nerdy friend group and you know, and that was like my first experience of like, okay, if I find my circle I can be myself and I'll be, yeah.


Okay. So so that was, that was cool. But middle school is also when I realized I was gay or like at that time I thought I was a gay boy. So came out. Who did you come out to first? My friends. My friends. So like, and that's the thing of like, okay, I have this, this network of support where even if I had my parents Yeah. And don't accept, okay, these people will, will get me. So they were the first people I told. And then I would, you know, tell my parents, tell my family whatever. Your parents, so your dad was a pastor growing up? My parents are still pastors. Yeah. So my dad is a pastor and my mom is, you know, she's ordained to be a pastor.


She works in the children ministry ministry in the church. Okay. Talk to me about that because just like thinking of like what you were going through as a young kid, being in the south and having your dad like a part of the church Growing up in the church. Yeah. How did that work out? It's, it's like another layer to it all of, of, and and thankfully, you know, I didn't grow up in Cath Catholicism or anything and I hear about, you know, people in my community who grew up in that and it's like, oh hell girl, I'm so fucking lucky that I got to grow up in a normal, even though my parents are pastors and I'm very involved in the church in a, in like a, on the chiller side of Christianity. Yeah. Presbyterian church. Oh My god. Catholicism is like Insane.


Like, you're gonna burn alive. Yeah. You're like, I am. Yeah. So there was never like this, oh you're going to hell. But then I would see things about just Christianity in general where there are churches that like believe you're going to hell. That's insane. And, and so there were, that was this whole complex that I had to get through till and then, but thankfully when I came out as gay and my parents, you know, I think they, I mean I think anybody could have fucking told you by looking at me that I was, was gay at the time. So that was easier. Then the trans thing came on later on that, that was a bit harder. But Did you feel like not even just you as an individual, like did you and your siblings feel like you guys had this like, expectation around you?


Like, I'm thinking of like TV shows and I'm like the pastor. Yeah. Like I'm thinking like seventh heaven back in the day. Yeah. Like, I don't know, like did you guys feel like you had to like, live up to this like, like reputation almost? I think it Was there. Okay. And this is something that I definitely dealt with later on too in life of like, of like, you know, 'cause there's this whole like pastor's daughter, like Yes. Trope, you know, and it gets kind of tough because obviously like what I do now is very like, I mean, my first jo when I had to tell my parents that I was doing a TV show and in the first episode I am having anal sex with a 45-year-old and cutting myself in the arm, like all this stuff.


And then, but I, my first thought is like, okay, they have to tell their congregation that their kids aren't gonna be on TV and then their congregation who are just, you know, little old nice white Christian people from the south are gonna watch this TV show and see me getting but fucked. And you're like, and, and it's like, it's, oh my God. I'm like, I so like, I feel to a degree I still do like, feel bad because that's something that they still have to deal with. You know, my movie coming out next, next in, in a couple weeks, kinds of kindness, which I'm so excited about. My one scene in it, I got my titties out girl. Like, it's, it's like, you know, and, and I have no personal problems with it.


Right. But it is something where I'm like, some people just don't, aren't going to get it. And you know, that's a whole Other thing. How did your parents react when you told them? And also like, how do you sit your parents down for that? Like, is after the dinner table, is it a phone call? Is it a FaceTime? Yeah. Is it a letter? So I didn't tell them that I was in the process, in the audition process because I really wasn't sure that I was going to do it. 'cause once again, I didn't think acting was my calling or anything. It's not my plan. It wasn't my plan. So I didn't tell them until I had actually gotten the job. Okay. Which kind of left them in a situation. 'cause it didn't really give them room to like give their opinions or whatever.


But I think they were just like worried because they, you know, they don't come from this world. And sometimes I get really jealous of like my peers in this, in, you know, this industry that do have like, family in it because yeah, I mean there's pros and cons, but, and, and for some, for a lot of reasons, I'm really happy that my family is in this completely separate world. But, but like the guidance part, I think that's what they were worried about is I think they, you know, even though they didn't know a lot about it, I think they know the nature of this industry can be very intense and they just didn't want me to get like fucked up by it. You Know? That's a good point. And it also sucks. Like you're, it's so crazy to think that like your first fucking acting job is euphoria.


Like Yeah. That is so baller. Yeah. But it's also like, I get what you're saying. If you, if your family doesn't come from the industry at all, there's also this like natural judgment of like, are you about to fuck your life up? Yeah. Like, oh my God, are you making the biggest like decision Yeah. That is gonna like ruin your whole life. Exactly. Where like other people that maybe, like are you more used to it? It's like, this is how it goes. Yeah. Like, get the role. I Just had to tell them I had to be like, like they, it is, I think I used the word risque and I don't think Hunter just like a little que Like and then cut to cut to them at the premiere. Like, I don't think my mom could even watch it. Like it's, you know, it's insane. It's insane.


You're like, oh my God. It's almost like when you watch a movie with your parents that has a sexy scene when you're young, you're like, you're like, and you're pretending, you're like, don't get your ice cream at the time. 'cause it's so awkward. Meanwhile you're like, so that's me. Yeah. And I can't run away from this. Yeah. Oh my God. God bless you. Honestly. Like that is strength within Strength. It's so nuts. It's so Nuts. So I'm curious though, when you were talking about kind of closing out that like, chapter of middle school, obviously everyone needs a fucking outlet of like, I am dealing with all this shit. Yeah. Like, I remember reading, like you said, you journaled, I don't know if it was in middle school, but what did you do to like, feel less alone with all these thoughts? Well, yeah, I think, and it's part of, it's just part of my nature too.


And I think part of like the pressure cooker that I sort of placed myself in growing up in a place where I was so unhappy with my surroundings is I, I really like devoted my, my free time and like my life to like, like my art. And, and at the time it was visual arts where I put all my creative energy, but I knew that, that, that is like, my gift is like, I'm an artist and, and it's still tea to this day. Like I know that that's what I was put on this earth to do was to like make stuff. But, but you know, at the time it was visual arts. And so I did everything that I could to just kind of like, like, like put all my energy into that.


And you know, it ended up being like my first job, like in high school, my first job was contributing to, you know, making little watercolor comics for an online magazine stuff. Oh. It's incredible. And stuff, you know, and so that was like, this is what's going to get me out of here Yeah. And get me to where i, I wanna be in life. You know? Totally. Yeah. It's so even hearing you say that it's so hard in general being a child, but like at that point it just sucks because like, there are so many kids that get to live their life and be like, not having to escape and get to like, go to the fucking playground and like frolic around you being like, I was trying to like use this as an escape so I didn't have to like deal with like what the fuck was going on in reality.


Yeah. Then you get to high school, did you ever like, talk to anyone that you felt like actually understood you? Well, so, I mean, this is the thing is like when the trans thing started coming up and that, that kind of started coming up with the onset of puberty, which I was experiencing severe like levels of anxiety that no like, you know, middle school or high schoolers should be going through at that time for especially around something that's, you know, quote unquote inevitable. And, and I realized that this like wasn't normal and then I turned to the internet 'cause I didn't even know what being trans was.


I had no idea that you could, there were trans people in the world and, and that's the kind of isolating piece of like, growing up in the south, nobody talks about it. There's, there's no people in my line of sight that like, are this. And, and then so like I, you know, went to the internet. I looked on YouTube and found out like, oh shit, you can, this, it isn't my destiny. It doesn't have to be my destiny to become a fucking man and grow a beer, you know, and all that stuff. And then, but then it's the whole thing of like, okay, now that I know that this is my tea, I have to get everybody else on board 'cause I'm still a fucking kid. You know? So that, and that was harder because I didn't know what it was.


My parents didn't know what it was. Right. And, and that was, that was a bit harder as far as like, you know, there were moments of like, when I first came out where like I told them like, I'm a girl. And they were like, no, you're not like, like, you know, and, but it's not, it's not because I think they've always known like deep down, but like they didn't, there's, there's when, when you don't know like what it is, like there's no way to like, like real or, or I don't know, contextualize that. Right. It's like the concept, like when you say that, like, to actualize it. Yeah. Like people have a hard time. Especially because like you're saying, like no one around you guys like you could relate to.


Yeah. So you're coming to your parents with this information and like, obviously some parents are fucking awful when it comes to this, but it sounds like your parents, They came along Right? Yeah. They were just like, I don't understand what you mean. Yeah. And I think they started realizing, 'cause this, when I, with the onset of puberty and everything is, is where my first I've dealt with mental health, you know, for a while now. And, but that's when it first started showing up is, and depression and anxiety and my grades started fucking up. Yeah. And I became, you know, kind of, I, I was becoming a shell of a person and I think they could see that. And then they were like, shit, okay, this is, this is like, we gotta figure this out.


You know? Right. And that's what's like so heartbreaking for houses that like, don't accept their child because it's like, why? Like, let them be who they need to be because you're right. Like you're becoming a shell of a person because you're not like who you authentically know you need to be inside. Yeah. Yeah. And everything is telling you one thing and then everyone is like, no, no, no, don't do that. Well I think It's out of love. Like, I think it's like, you know, and I think it's like my parents' first reaction were was was like that because like, they love me. They want me to be okay. Yeah. And I'm, I'm pitching them this insane idea that I wanna, I wanna chop my dick off and become a woman. Like, you know, like, like, you know, and that's a very crude way of putting it.


Yeah. But like, just sort of like, get my point across. Yeah. Like, like, and, and I think no one wants anybody to that they love to like endure a harder life than they have to. Yeah. But sometimes that's, that's the fucking team What I I love about you. And like, even sitting here, your energy is just like so incredible. Thank you. And I think back to like younger, you obviously like going through it, but like what kind of like traits, I don't know if that's the right word, but like traits. Do you think like you gained through like having to really like endure a lot of like Yeah. Turning inward within yourself and like betting on yourself and relying on yourself. Yeah. Being trans has been one of the great challenges of my life.


And it sucks that I had to deal with it so, so young and that I live in a world that, you know, is constantly fighting me on that. And it, and it absolutely fucked me up and I'm still dealing with the ramifications of that today. But at the same time, I would not have it any other way because it has taught me and it's why I'm so thankful for it. It has taught me that like the power of intuition and kind of like the proof that I have like a soul and you know, and like, and that there, and that like all the answers are inside of me, you know?


And at least for my truth and my life and ev and whatever. And, and like that is like priceless. And, and it's something that I use as, you know, a grounding force in everything that I do in my life now. Yeah. You know, so Yeah. It's, I'm so thankful for it, you Know? No, first of all, like thank you for sharing all that. Yeah. Because I, I know it's personal and I really appreciate you opening up because like when you're saying the intuition thing within yourself Yeah. It almost like made me cry. 'cause I'm like, that is so fucking real. Yeah. And so many people watching this are probably gonna like, that's Why I wanna share This stuff. It's incredible. Yeah. And like, just sharing your experience like that is like so powerful.


Thank you. To be like lean the fuck into what you feel. Yeah. Stop listening to what everyone else is saying. I know. It's so fucking hard. Yeah. But when you can start to channel that, like we all know what's best for ourselves. Exactly. Even when No, and you can even like you, it's so weird. Like your layers of like consciousness Yeah. And everything. 'cause you can totally on surface level be telling yourself something is right for you when in reality, deep down and you, and you know it's there, but you won't look at it like you're only looking at this thing that you're telling yourself. But deep down, you know, you, you always know. You always know. You know, You can try to avoid it sometimes. Yes. I feel like that's literally Not how Yes. And you literally put yourself in your own psychosis of like, of like believing in this reality that is not actually your It's so real.


It's so crazy. I also appreciate like, as we're kind of just going through your life, I wonder, and you could, you don't need to answer, but like, is it annoying sometimes because like a part of a big part of your life Yeah. Is like this, this moment that you realize like, oh, like I don't know if I'm like happy Yeah. With the way that I was like born and I want to be this way. Yeah. And like I'm so happy with myself now. Yeah. But like, is it annoying when you're in interviews that like, like I want, I've Talked about this before interviews. 'cause I, I didn't wanna be like, I didn't wanna ask you about it. That's why I was like, oh, we got to high school in your life. I know. Like what happened in high school. Like I would ask anyone on the show. Yeah. And I hope, you know, like you can talk about it as much or not as much as you want, but like, are you like, can we move on?


Like, I'm this, like, so I Thought about this today because I just recently had an interview come out. Okay. Where I, I fucking y this was the longest interview I've ever done. It was two like four hour sessions. And so I really just was, I was hyped up on caffeine, I was yapping, I was talking about whatever I was wanted to. And I did, I I gabbed about how fucking frustrating it is to constant because like in interviews for like press things when I'm promoting a movie or something. Yeah. It's oftentimes the first thing an interviewer will, will ask about because it's what makes me unique.


And they know that it'll get clicks, you know. But what's frustrating to me about that is I'm here to promote my work in a movie that has nothing to do with that. Right. And you are just fishing for things that will get you clicks. And that's what's so frustrating to me about that this today when, what I love about this podcast is like, is that you, like we're talking about real shit and life and whatever. And I can't really talk about my life in full honesty for sure without talking about it. And it is something I do believe 'cause I didn't really, Fame is something that I'm like, I've, I don't, like I didn't really, I knew what I wanna do like with my life often involves Fame to some degree.


It's not something that I thoroughly enjoy. But I do feel like I have been put in this position in order to help progress like the movement. But do you ever feel exhausted from that? Like it's not your fucking job to educate people All the time. All the time. And, and that's the thing I don't like talking about like, just like educating people on like the fact like bitch Google is like, like literally that's how I learned about it. So you can, you can certainly do it too. But as far as like my experience and also helping other young trans people who might watch this or watch some of my other work, which sometimes I do incorporate my transition into my work.


You know, that's who I'm doing it for. Yeah. You know, Too. Yeah. I feel like there's a difference between like genuinely and authentically just like speaking about your experience. Yeah. And people are like, oh, like I like what she said there versus being like, so Hunter Yeah. In high school and you're like, Jesus fucking Christ I'm promoting. Right. The hunker games. Why are you asking me about what it was like being a tranny growing up in the church? Like, like, what the fuck are, are you talking about bitch? Yeah. No, I, I respect that and I just wanted to hear from you 'cause Thank you. I bet it's fucking annoying. Speaking of high school. Yeah. Did you like dabble with drugs and alcohol at all? Were you like pretty clean? Like, so, And that's something that I think the, the church thing that I'm pretty thankful for is, is I did, you know, I I would smoke weed with my friends and I, and now I've learned to, I've come to learn I fucking hate.


We weed is not for me. I cannot smoke it. And I had this really horrible experience with it. Like when I was like 18, 19 or something, something where I like, I smoked and I literally thought I was in hell and then I've never done it again. So I'm like really off of it. That's the only thing that I kind of dabbled with. And then like, you know, drinking here and there. Yeah. But never really getting into it. That's been more of like a early twenties thing. You know, You need to be like in your room like by yourself. Yeah. Or that could be scary or with one friend that you trust. Yeah. And like ease in Yes. Ease In. Because that's my thing with weed is, is like, 'cause some people can just smoke and just like Kiki and bitch, that is not how, like when I have smoked weed in the past, I become non-verbal.


I'm on the floor and, and like a creature. Like that's, that's just when I have smoked, that's what, that's my teeth. That's what I give terrifying. And and you can't do that around, especially people you don't know. Then you're like, psyche yourself out and oh My God, like Hunter. You're like, Yeah, I just like, no. And also they're like, it's weed. Yeah. Like it's not that deep and you're like, it Is that deep. It is that deep. I think weed is one of The most psychedelic drugs on, on the fucking planet. I mean that's a stretch, but like it's Yeah. Yeah. Literally it's, it's, I think it is very psychedelic. Okay, let's talk about euphoria.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Patron. 100% additive free tequila. Ah, you know what Daddy Gang, when I think about all the good things in life, there's a lot of good things. But most of the, if not, no. Not even most all of the good things in life don't need artificial additives. And neither does Tequila baby. Okay. Every single bottle of Patron is 100% additive free, crafted with simple ingredients. We love to see it. Okay. 100% Weber blue agave water and thyme. Because when your tequila is this good, nothing else is needed. When you think of tequila, you think of Patron Daddy Gang.


It is 100% additive free tequila. It has no secret sweeteners, extracts, or coloring. Their secret ingredient is that they have no secret ingredients. And that is why I love Patron, patron Silver, patron Reposado, patron Anejo and Patron Cri are distilled and age to perfection with zero extra ingredients. So Daddy Gang, when you are going to make yourself a little cocktail, whatever you're doing, maybe it's date night, maybe you're going out with the girls, whatever it is, patron 100% additive free tequila. Learn more@www.patrontequila.com. That's www.patrontequila.com.


The perfect way to enjoy Patron is responsibly copyright 2025, imported by the Patron Spirits Company, coral Gables, Florida tequila, 40% A BV


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jack in the box, Jack's new crispy boneless wings pack. So Munch Crunch, you guys, I love a good wing. These wings are super crunchy, unlike other boneless wings that get soggy and they're kind of just like mushy. We all know how that is. Jack's wings retain the crunch so that you have the best of both worlds. S sauciness and Crunch. And let's talk about the sauces because you will love them so much. You gotta try the new smoke show Smoky barbecue sauce and the Honey garlic sriracha. Both. I love a good honey garlic sriracha flavor. It is something that gets my gears going. And when I have a little smoky barbecue sauce lathered on my wings, I cannot be stopped. Okay. I love a good wing, but if it does not have a crunch, I start to be like, what is this texture and why is it happening? So Daddy Gang, you can always get so munch more at Jack In the Box, like free food when you sign up for the Jack app.


Okay. Let's talk about euphoria. Okay. I think I read somewhere, but like, I don't know if you've ever actually like told the whole story, like on a show Where I can hear You. Yeah. Tell me the story of how you got the role and like how it all came to be. I, I was taking gap year. Okay. And modeling in New York at the time. I got scouted over Instagram, blah, blah, blah. I go to model, I'm like, I wanna make some money. So that's not what happened, by the way. But I left modeling in debt. But You can Dream. That's another, that's another story. Anyways, I'm doing like my model give and you know, right as I'm getting ready to like, like go to college. 'cause that was my plan. I was gonna save up money, whatever, go to college.


The, then this casting call comes about and I see it floating around on Instagram. And then my agency tells me that they have asked me to come in. And so this happened with, there were a handful of trans girls working. There's a lot more now. There's like a handful of trans girls working in modeling. At the time, we had all gotten asked to come in for this, for this audition. And I was really like, I don't know 'cause it's like trans and like, and it's, you know, not written by a trans. I'm like, I don't know. And then, but I, I go in 'cause they really want me to. And 'cause I'm like, okay, let, let's just like see what this is about. And I went in, and by the way, I've no acting experience.


I have no idea what I'm doing. So I got in and the, the great thing is that they essentially just wanted me to play myself. So I got to basically just like be myself with lines. And I think that whatever it it was, it worked for them, you know? So I keep getting callbacks, callbacks, callbacks. Eventually they fly me out to LA for like a final audition in front of all these HBO execs in this crazy room. And then I find out later that afternoon that I got the role and you know, and I was still teetering on like, do I, this is was not my plan and this changes everything. And I have to be completely honest.


Then I saw the, the paycheck, the, the, the per episode. And I was like, this is more money than I've ever seen in my whole entire life. I, I don't think I can say no to this. And, and frankly at that point I had also read more of the episodes. I really liked the show. You know, so it's, it's like, it's a combination of those things. And, and I really liked the showrunner Sam. We had had really good meetings and I was like, okay. I feel like, and it's the same thing that keeps happening where I'm being handed this thing.


I think I have to take it. And so I did. It's so crazy that like, you had no interest in Fame and obviously like, I'm assuming like once you took the show, you guys didn't know it was gonna be like what it was gonna be. No. So, Well, I think we all knew it was something special when we were making it. We all like, we loved the first year. Oh, it was so magical. Like, we, we all loved it so much and we, I mean we still like, we look back on it as, as like, wow. Like, like we all got to grow up inside of this thing together. It's really special. But yeah, I didn't, we didn't know that it was going to become what it did.


Yeah. Can you like, take me to that moment where you're like realizing like the show's out Fame is happening, everyone knows your name, like Yeah. It's one of The most surreal things I've ever been through because it's because you are still the same person. So I'm still the same person. But then the entire world's relationship to you changes like that. And it was, I'm not gonna lie, it was really, it, it threw me for a fucking loop. Yeah. And thank God we all, the cast and I came up in this together and we were able to like, like lean on each other in this just like really surreal experience.


'cause I don't know how I could have fucking handled it if, if, if I didn't have them. And you know, like particularly z who's one of my best friends in the world to this day. And, and she, you know, thankfully she had had some experience with Fame already and, and we were really close by the time we really like, kind of, you know, fell in love with each other as friends in the first season. And she was able to help me through all of that too. But it was very surreal. And I wouldn't say I had no interest in Fame because I knew Fame could get me the things that I wanted to do in life. And I knew that could be a tool, but it's not like I had any person and I still don't really have any personal, like, I don't personally gain anything from it.


Right. If anything, it's just like made existing in public a little harder as a socially anxious person. But like, but it's a, it's an amazing tool to like get what I want and to make what I want happen. No, it's so interesting you say that because I, people always say like, oh, people think they want Fame and money, but if you just hand them money, then they actually don't even need the Fame that that part. Right. Because Like, bitch, if if I could walk away from all of this with the money Right. And, and not have Oh right. Life would be Right. Perfect. And some people like it. Like I get that. But like, yeah, some People do and some people are meant for it. Some people were like, like, this is what you were supposed to do Diva.


Yes. Do you have a moment where you were like, found yourself like very overwhelmed Yeah. By it all and you like, were shutting down. So I, I remember some of the first moments of getting recognized in public happening. Like, I think me and Barbie were at a cafe and, you know, the first like four episodes or something were out and it hadn't really started. But then, but we're just at a cafe money, our own business. And, and then we have people start coming up to us and it's the first time this has ever happened to me. And it, and it, and it's just really surreal. And then I think the moment that I really realized things were changing was I was in New York doing press and it's one of those interviews, I forget what it's called, but it's like, it's like kind of public because they do the interview in this like corner glass Oh.


Like The Today Show vibe where it's like, I think today show Oh People, it's, people can See you, people can see you from the inside and, and you know, so I walk in to do this interview and everything's kind of normal. And then by the time I come out from doing the interview, a crowd and paparazzi have amast and then we get followed around and my, my mom is there with me too. And we get followed around by these paparazzi for the rest of the day and just coming from what I come. Right. Like, and it was, I like, I couldn't fucking process it. And it was, it's, it's scary 'cause like getting followed and having people scream at you and stuff.


It's, it, it puts you in like a, like a fight or flight. Like, it's like, like, 'cause you know, you, you can understand on a surface level what's happening, but your body doesn't know that. And you feel like you're in a cage. Yes. 'cause you're like, well I can't open my car door. Exactly. It's exactly. So you're just kind of like, I'm sad. Yeah. Is your mom like, what the fuck? I think, I mean, my mom was great 'cause I think she knew that I was really overwhelmed. Yeah. So she was just there for me. Yeah. But I think we both at the end of that day had were, were just like, what, what the fuck just happened? Yeah. And, and then, you know, it's kind of never been the same sense. Well, and I appreciate you sharing, like sharing. You're like, I'm a socially an anxious person. Yeah. So like, naturally this isn't something that I'm like, let's go.


Yeah. Like how do you, in moments where your life is feeling too Hollywood, like how do you come back to being like hunter yourself? Not Yeah. Like Hunter Schafer, like Yeah. Prada Vogue, all the things. Yeah. And it's taken a while, but I've, I've created this dichotomy between the Hunter Schafer that I give to the world and then like Hunty who, that's what my friends call me and everything. Like, like those are two different people. And so like she, the famous hunter is kind of like my drag. And having those be separate is so important for my fucking sanity. Yeah. And it's also, I have, it's one of my greatest gifts in this life is I have wonderful, wonderful friends and family and, and they're people, a lot of them have been around before I got famous.


And so they know me and, and you know, don't really can't really project my drag onto me. Yeah. Like they know me for me and, and so having them there is just amazing. Like priceless. Yeah. That's amazing that you've like been able to figure that out pretty quickly. 'cause that takes some people like a really long Time and was not quick. Right. Okay. Well even though like, you don't think it's quick. Some people literally get to the point where like at the end of their career they're like, I should have like disconnected more. Yeah. And I do think, thank God you have your friends and family that are like, you're hunty bitch and don't forget it. Okay. We're gonna treat you like you're just hunty and you're not Hunter Schafer and we're not gonna treat you different because Exactly. That Causes people to become monsters that they're like, do this for me and do this for me.


And then you're not even a real human, you're a robot. No. You're like, yeah. It's, it's, it's psycho and it's sad to watch. 'cause it, you, you know, we, we do watch it happen to people sometimes a lot. Yeah. Obviously I have to ask, is season three happening? Like, what are we doing girl? You know, obviously I like the realty is I have no, no idea, fucking idea what's going on. And you can ask literally all of the cast and it's, you know, it's, I mean here's the realty is that a lot has happened, but at least for me and knowing where the rest of the cast is at and everything to, I mean, a lot has happened.


We have had, and it's hard to talk about. Yeah. But you know, we've had deaths. Yeah. Girl gonna get emotional. It's okay. And it's, I think everyone feels a certain sense of, oh girl, sorry. No, it's Okay. Anticipation for like, if we are supposed to do the season three of like, obviously I'm still coming to qualms with what's happened and losing people that we really loved and we're a part of this family and everything, you know?


And, and I think season, if we do go back, it's, it's, that's gonna be tough. I mean, and I think there's a world in which we can channel that into making it a beautiful season three if it is supposed to happen. But I think, you know, that shit really threw everyone for a loop. So I, on an emotional level and then there's, you know, all these, you know, industry Yeah. Whatever political things that are, that go into whether or not this is happening. Yeah. But that's emotionally, I think where a big part of what's happening. Yeah. Too. You know, I'm so fucking sorry.


And like, it, it clearly, like you were obviously so close when you even talked about the cast. Yeah. I'm just so sorry because like when you talk about like this rise, like this is, this became like your family. Yeah. Like these are people that you were like, fuck, I don't know how to handle this. None of us know how to handle this. Let's all lean on each other. So like, I can't imagine. And I'm so sorry. And like, thank you. There is no right or wrong whether you guys come back or don't. Like, it's been one of The most incredible rides and you guys have done such an incredible job. And like, thank you for giving your life to something that has like, really brought so many people, like entertainment and happiness and like, there's a lot of themes that I think people have like, loved Yeah. That are very progressive and have just like, helped a lot of people.


So whether it comes back or not, thank you. We love you all. Thank you. And we Support you. Thank you. And thank you for being, being real with me. Of course. Let me give my emotional tease and whatever. 'cause it's fucking thing's still. I'm still of course still in it, girl. It's, it's crazy. Grief Is a motherfucker. It's not linear's insane. Some days you'll see a picture in it, know you are like a thing in the street and you're like, it's, it'll Hit me on the fucking toilet. I don't nowhere. It's just like, you know, it's, you Never know. It's crazy. You never know.


This is an advertisement from Better Help. I cannot express how much of a Game Changer Therapy has been for me over the past few years. I would not be anywhere near where I am today without it. Going on a therapy journey gave me the tools I needed to set healthy boundaries, practice clear communication, and end the unhealthy habits that were holding me back. Setting aside time to focus on yourself is so crucial for Personal Growth and Daddy Gang. You do not have to do it alone. In a society that glorifies being extremely independent, it's so easy for us to forget that we are so much better when we have a support system. Therapy can be that amazing source of support you're looking for in any area of your life. Whether you are working on finding balance or you're goal setting, or you're trying to break toxic patterns, it all just gets so much easier when you ask for help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. This month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing is worth it. So don't miss it. For a limited time visit better help.com/daddy to get 90% off your first week. That's better. Help hlp.com/daddy


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. Tinder is back and it's easier than ever to put yourself out there. Whether you're looking for a date, maybe just a vibe or someone to send unhinged memes to. Real connections happen here every day. A new relationship starts on Tinder. Every three seconds. Tinder gives you the freedom to meet people your way. If you've been waiting for a sign, this is it, Daddy Gang. Explore all the possibilities for yourself. Tinder. It starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today.


Okay. I'm gonna shift our energy and we're gonna play. Would you rather? Oh shit. And We're gonna get into, into dating game. Okay. Yeah. We're, we're reoriented. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here we go. We're gonna play. Would you rather, would you rather wear euphoria style makeup every day for the rest of your life? Or never wear makeup again? Never wear makeup again. Easy. No. No. Shade, euphoria, makeup. No. Of course. I just am a no makeup girl. Love It. You're gorgeous. Thank you. Okay. Would you rather send a nude to the wrong person or accidentally send a sext to your mother? That's insane. Alex Cooper, that's such a fucking crazy question.


I would, well it depends on who's getting the nude because like, my friends and I, like we, we get, you know, they see me naked. It's, it's no big deal. You maybe like, you send it to an expert, But what if I fucking send it to my mom? Then that's might just be as bad as the sex. You know what I think, you know, my mom has seen me get but fucked on television. I think she can handle well sex an accidental sext and we can recover from that. I love that. Thank you. That is so much about you and your mom. What would You do? Honestly, I guess I was gonna say the nude, but again, it depends who it's too. 'cause I like, I'm looking cute.


I'm like, yeah, like it's like accidentally send it to an ex. I'm like, yeah, but Right. That's know, right? You're like, Oh, not bad. But if it's to like a coworker or Like a producer, an executive. Oh no ma'am. Apple. Apple. Absolutely Not. I think my mom, depending on the level of the sex. Yeah. Like if it's like a choke on your wake situation, I'm like, mom Didn't judge a crazy Question and I wrote it. I'm like, what is wrong with me? I pray for both of us that we never have to deal with that. Me too. Yes, Me too. What is your opinion on sexting? It's like, I've tried, I've had mo I've had cute moments with it.


Never, it's never ideal. I would say, you know, it's exhausting. It's exhaust. It's for me personally, I don't, I personally, I hate texting in general. Done. I, if you, if we need to, if we're gonna talk, FaceTime me, you know, I'm a FaceTime girl so the texting, no. Have you ever reused a nude? Absolutely. The best. Absolutely. Perfect use of your time. Yes. You're like, Ooh, lemme go into the storage closet. Yeah. Let me pick out which one I'm loving today. Go To library. Pick it out. Yeah. Get that shit out there. Okay, here we go. Yeah. Drunkenly, hook up with a friend who, you know, has feelings for you and you don't have feelings back. Or you have to get back with your most recent ex for a month.


So, okay. Actually, you know what, no, like, I, so I, my friendships, especially a lot of my, I I come from a lot of lesbians in my circle and I don't know how many lesbians you've talked to, but most of everybody has already had sex with each other and probably will again. And that is very much the case for me in my like, like lesbian friends friend group. So that would probably be no problem. Easier if that happened easier. Have you ever hooked up with a friend and regretted it? Mm mm I dunno.


I don't really regret too, too much. Okay. No, I mean there's, I've definitely like drunkenly done things where I'm like, Ooh, girl. Like that. Like, like that didn't need to happen. But it's not No, no, no shade, no, no. Nothing. Okay. Okay. Fair. Yeah. What is going on in your dating life? Are we single right Now? Yes. Are we dating? Yes. No, we're I am single as fuck. Okay. Are you loving it? I am loving it. So, yeah. So I mean, you know, like, I think it is perfect for what I, where I'm at in life right now. 'cause especially given this past week's stuff where I am about to undertake this enormous project.


And the last time I did a, you know, I was in my first relationship when I first started euphoria and I didn't know going into it how much of me it Yeah. Takes. And I really live in that world when I'm doing it. And, and you know, like that relationship didn't end up working out because I just had no capacity to like, be in a relationship, do a relationship. So I think it is so perfect right. That I am single as a Pringle right now. 'cause I get to just dive in, do your thing head first into this. But it's amazing. But, But yeah, my last relationship was like how it's where we've, we hit the year Mark A. Little bit ago Okay.


Since we broke up. So, yeah. Do you prefer someone in the industry or not in the industry? It's not really a, I mean, this is, it's still tough and I still like, don't totally know, but, you know, 'cause I've done both. And it, they both are really nice for their own reasons, because obviously, and I have this with my friendships too, where like, I, my job and my life that I live requires me to be on standby all the time. I found out that I'm spending the rest of the year in Europe, like not even a week ago. And, and, and you know, it's like, it's hard to maintain relationships.


Relationships. And so the people that have stuck around in my life know that I operate on this level where like, you know, and, and it's all like, my best friendships are like this, where like we can go a month or however long and not talk. And then when I, when I come back or when they come back, we can pick right back up where we left off. That's how I operate in my relationships. I like, it's just how it is right now. Yeah. And, and so, yeah, like with the relationships too, it's, it's like, it's, it's nice dating other people in the industry 'cause they also work like that. Right? So they get it. Like, they're like, they're not gonna be annoyed that you're like leaving for a certain amount of time. Someone not in Have friendships end because they're just like, girl.


Like, like where are you? What's going? Where are you? Yeah. You're like, I have work. Yes. Yeah. Okay. What is the best first date you've ever been on? Best first date I've ever, I, so the date, like dates is like not real. I'm just now getting into like, the era of my life where like I'm an adult and I feel like more like the, the idea of someone asking me on a date or me asking someone on a date, like a first date where you go to dinner and you like, get to know each other. Like, I haven't done a whole lot. Like a lot of, like, my previous stuff is like, we start out as friends.


Friends or random hookup, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. And then it turns into whatever it is. But I would like, I would like the dating thing. It sounds fun, like kick note. Okay. Someone, did you go on, On a fucking date? A first date with your husband? I did. It was like the best first date I ever had. Yeah. Which is annoying 'cause I hate that. Like, I feel like some dates could be great. First dates and then they like turn out to be fucking shit. It turns out that he wasn't a dick and he actually was a lovely guy and I ended up marrying him. But I've had good first dates, but I've had awful first dates before. I also think like, it is more normal sometimes to just like, go from friends and then all of a sudden you're just like hanging out at your house, your apartment, and like, that's fine too.


Yeah. Have you ever had it where like after a first hookup you're like, oh my fucking God, the chemistry was so insane. Like, I must see this person again. Yeah. So you've had that before? Absolutely. Okay. Yeah. And that's, that's tends to be by when those like what will turn into a relationship. Yeah. Okay. Who is currently your celebrity crush? Oh God. Oh God. Let's see. Who is Non offensive to Say that you won't have to run into next week? Oh no. Let's see. I dunno, I can't like say this Stuff.


Actor. I'm, I'm trying to think. Musician. No. Well, I have a type and Okay. Oh, what's your type? Musicians. It. I, I love a musician. True. I've, I've dated a couple now. My, I think I've seen that. Yeah. I think I've seen that. I've dated a few now. I, I love a musician one With like long hair, one with like short hair, You know, it's like the little sucker in me that's just like, oh my God, you are so charismatic and you will play the guitar, whatever. And I'm like, Google Gaga. It's So, has anyone ever written you a song? Yeah. Hunter. Yeah. Oh, and, and trust me, they know what they're doing too.


They know what they're doing with that. And, and, but it, it works diva. Oh my God. Like on the guitar, just like sitting on the bed, You know? Yeah. Or, or like, you know, send it to you, you know, like, you know. Yeah. It's, it, it works. I have fear for anyone who, who has this happened to them. 'cause you're, you're done, you're gone. You're, You're done. Yeah. If you meet another musician, do you think you're gonna be like, I have to break the curse and the pattern? Or are you gonna go back? Are you talking musicians right now? Like, if you find a musician that you like again? Yeah. Are you gonna just go right back in? Oh Girl. I mean, no. So like, the thing that's tough with musicians, or at least in, in like my line or like with successful musicians who are like doing tours and stuff, is is, is like, it's, I mean, and it's, I guess it's the same thing with actors where they have to go offer however many months and tour.


Right. And, and then I'm working for how it's like, it's very hard. So I don't know if that is like in my path again. 'cause I've done it and I've tried it and really tried to make it work. And it's just very hard. And I don't have, at least at this point in my life, I don't have the capacity to like, okay. Figure out how that works. Maybe someday though. We'll see. Do you like how I like let you off the hook? I'm like, okay, you don't have to answer. I Am like, I really wanted to give an answer. You'll tell me after, but it's like, You'll tell me after. Yeah. Okay. Do you fall in love easily? So I like falling in love is like, so like, it's, so I'm still like figuring out like what it means because I've been in love with people who are like still some of my best friends to this day.


And, and like, we were definitely like in love at that point. But it's changed in its nature. And I still love the shit out of this person, but it's not like that infatuation thing. So I feel I, it's, there's a part of me that's like, is being in love, like just a deep infatuation and then like that sort of subsides and then it just becomes like, you just love, love the person. I don't know, it's sort of funny. But I also, I know what being in love, it's like a whole body. Like, you know? Right. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. But I think that makes sense. I think you're like, at that point in your life where you're like experiencing these relationships. I've been through it enough now.


Yes. But like you may find someone at some point that you're like, oh Yeah, Wait, that is different than infatuation. Right. Right. That's when you'll know is when you're like, oh wait. Yeah, because love for me, when I was younger, like it really, I went through a point where it was just infatuation. Yeah. Then I was like, is this love? Or is this infatuation? Right? And then I think when I met Matt, I was like, yeah. Oh, this is like different. Yeah. With my past relationships, I've been like, we were in, in love, love in love. Like I know what that is. Yeah. Yeah. And it's confusing. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Well, 'cause it feels different with every partner also. Yeah. And I also don't believe in like one true love Necessarily. No, I completely agree. Yeah. How do you handle when people like public opinion on your, like, romantic relationships?


That is something that I have learned is, so my last relationship was my first public relationship. I don't know if I'll ever do it again. At some point when you're doing it, it gets just too hard to Yeah. To like, I mean, you can try to hide, but like, whatever. But I'm also, I've, I've also come to this point just with Fame in general, where like, people are gonna say what they're gonna say and I really don't give a shit. 'cause like, you know, I get called a man hundreds of times on the internet every single day. It's like, it's like, I'm, I'm so used to like the just fucking idiots.


Just like saying like, shut The fuck Up bullshit all the time. Right. So like, it's, you know, on one hand it's like, I don't care. And then on another hand, it's like, if you don't, like, obviously a relationship is, is like personal and private. Yeah. And, and like, you should not be, you need to eliminate as many factors that are gonna make it facts more complicated than it needs to be if you can. Yeah. So, I don't know, I'm, it's something when I start dating again or something. Right. I'll, I'll think, well, I think it's interesting too, like you said, like this was your first like, public relationship. Yeah. And I think there's pros and cons where you're like, finally we can just like be Yeah. And like we can go into an event together, like as we would want to naturally do.


But then you're like, people are taking pictures and then people are staring. Yes. And then when you break up, someone like me is asking you about it. Oh girl. And then you're like, Alex, don't ask. Well, no, I'm excited to be talking about love and everything. Like, it's not like, it's not like things that I don't wanna talk about necessarily. Right. Because I like, I've, I've learned a lot and something that I really love about all my relationships is I like, you know, even if like bad shit has happened in them or whatever, or they have like fucked me up to some degree or something that they have all, I all, I feel like all of my relationships I've come out knowing that it taught me something about myself and about people. And that's like, I feel really thankful for that. You know? Absolutely. Yeah. I feel like that's like the best takeaway from any relationship, anything in life.


Even if it's not romantic. Yeah. It's a friendship. It's a work relationship. I was, when I was researching you, I was reading something where like your former cohort co-star slash relationship. Yeah. He kind of like talked about like his need for like to get out of like his codependent tendencies. Yes. I'm sure you read this. Yeah. Were you on the same page? Like, is is a breakup, like where you're like blindsided or like, were you okay? Like Yeah. So, so like he, he said that and, but that, that breakup was, it was like a mutually like Yeah. It was a mutually agreed upon. And it was, it's one of the cleaner up breakups I've had of like, we both recognize that this is not working and we can't do this.


We gotta go our own separate ways. And it was so, so hard. 'cause we really, we really loved each other, you know? And he's, he's a really special person and I love his soul and everything. And it by no means was that relat that was a, it was messy, you know, but but, but it was a clean, it was a clean parting and, and he has a lot to work on. And I also have a lot to work on. Like, and and like, and so I think that's also why I'm in this like, era of like, I'm gonna, I gotta figure my shit out. Right. Because that was, we had a really good thing.


And, but there, there were things in our own selves that had nothing to do with each other that kept coming up in the way of the relationship, you know? So 100%. Yeah. What are you like in a relationship? I think it's different for every one. Like, it's really different with every kind of person too. 'cause I've been, I used to exclusively date not men. Okay. And, and this, this last relationship was my first relationship with a man, a cis man, you know? And, and so in, and it's, it's different. It's very different than the like dating.


I've dated trans women. I've dated trans men, I've dated cis women and, and all of you know, I've kind of been around the block and it changes it. Like, it, the transness is really interesting 'cause everyone interacts with it differently. Everyone has their own like, you know, like, like way of approaching it. And I have my own way of approaching that relationship with that kind of per, it's, it's, it's, it's interesting. It's a sort of, do you Mind sharing? Switch a little mind? Yeah. No. Okay. I'm, I'm excited to like, talk about it. Yeah. This is interesting. Yeah. So I'm so thankful for my first relationship. Okay. And I've talked about this before too. It was with a trans woman and, and it was my entrance into sex, romance, all of that stuff.


All, all of those were first in that relationship. And it was with another trans woman. Thank God, thank God. And I'm so thi and we're still friends to this day too, that, you know, she kind of like showed me the ropes because, you know, dating as a trans person is, it's comp it's complicated. Yeah. Let me tell you. It's, it's, it's not, it's, and to know in my first relationship and in my first, like really being in this mutual love thing, you know, first time having sex, that I got to do it with somebody who completely understands my gender. It's incredible. And ugh, I'm so thankful for it.


And, and that's, and so I'm really thankful that I started out with other trans people because there's, there's sort of being trans or having trans people in your life, there's a lens that you sort of acquire. And, and it's something that like ignorant people who have no idea how to, how to like, engage with trans people or think about trans people. They don't have the lens that allows them to see whatever person as the gender that they are presenting as or whatever. And this is a lens that you acquire as you, like, you know, spend more time with trans people and everything. And so, like, knowing that that lens is there with whoever I was with.


Amazing. Amazing. And then it's interesting branching out from there into like cis people, cis women or cis men where I'm not sure that they have the lens even with hookups or whatever. And this is a constant anxiety I've had with hooking up with like cis women or something, is that I'm worried especially also 'cause I'm pre-op, that maybe are they seeing something in me that I, that is not part of what I give or something. And they might want, and I've had hookups before with like cis women where they wanted me to like fuck them or something. Like a like a guy. Yeah.


And it's because I have a dick. And like, that's like, and then like that coming up in a hookup and being like, oh god. Like it's tough. But then you will find cis people who do know and, and just get it. And that's what was so amazing about my ex-boyfriend was from the get go, never, never a fucking, he saw me exactly for who I was. Which is amazing. It's Amazing too. I appreciate you describing this too, because like, it's, It's kind of hard to, Because it No, but like I am, I'm keeping up with you because what I, first of all, I'm so happy for you and I know everyone doesn't have that experience, is like the fact that you were with someone you felt so safe with and you were like, oh, you get me because we're similar.


So It's, it's a privilege to come across people in romance and sex and dating where, where that lens is there. If someone understandably is like, I don't know, like what you want. Yeah. And they come to you, you like vulnerable of like, yeah, I really like you. Like, are you open to like, That's such a turn on. Right? Oh my God. Like, Tell me what what you want. They are coming because the, you know, it put, it puts their intention on the table of, oh, I like you. I do wanna do this with you. I'm just, I'm just a little and experienced here. Love that. Love that. Amazing. It's, it's when they don't and they don't know what they want or they want something. Right. And you're like, that I am not capable of giving, then it's like sticky and gross.


So your first relationship with a guy, like, just like a guy that was Also my first monogamous relationship. Okay. Everything else had been polyamorous were, because that's what I came up in. That's how I learned relationships. And I kind of touched on it before. Yeah. I've, I had, like, I had built up a complex against men. Understandable. And so like, because most if not all of my deeply painful experiences I've had in life have been with men. And so I really like came into this complex of I never want Yeah. To let a man that close to me in my life. I don't see a world in which it's possible. Really. I was kind of like, it, it was, you know, my bare I put up walls and, and kind of been, had been the dying denying the fact that I am attracted to men and I do want to date in whatever men Yeah.


And that that's okay. And I need to let my walls down. And so that's what was so amazing about my last relationship too, is also, and that's kind of what was cool about the public aspect, is this is a straight guy who is in the music scene too. And, and, and, and we are in a public relationship. He's dating a trans woman and he is, he's completely straight. He's only dated cis woman before and he's toting me around happy to be my boyfriend in, in front of the world. And people are saying horrible, nasty shit. Because, because it's like, oh, you know, oh, you're so, he's gay.


Yeah. He didn't, he didn't care at all. And that was something that really showed me too, where I'm like, okay, you really? Yeah. You see me for, you know, and you love me for that. Did you guys have conversations before going out in public together? Like, were you anxious at all? I was anxious, but I was also just head over heels in love and happy to be doing it. And you know, it, it conversations absolutely should have been happening. But also I was like 22, 23. Right. I, you know, I was just like, I'm In love. Right. I Love this person is, this is so much fun. You know, whatever. So it should have been a thing, but it wasn't. But I think also just to, and Listen, like I, like I've said all these amazing things with the, he was not perfect and it's no secret.


It's out there in the world. Yeah. You know, and it's part of why the relationship ended is, is I, I got cheated on for the first time and, and said, he's talked about this too. Like in his song, he, you know, he writes about it. So it's, it's, it's fine to be talking about it today and it's like part of my truth. But that like fundamentally changed me as a person. And it was this whole process of like realizing that Cheating has nothing to do with you at all. Oh my God. And, and, and it has everything to do with that person and whatever kind of pain they're in or whatever they're dealing with. It's, it's all that. But it's so hard. I was gonna say, 'cause in the moment it feels like it's all about you.


Yes. Yes. You're like, What did I do wrong? Yes. And then eventually, I love that you're obviously like a year out. You're clearly at that place where you're like, I can, you know, that and you're saying it with confidence, but in the moment you're literally like, Oh yeah. And, and then as a trans woman also with a man who has never dated that before, then it's your my mind. You know? And I knew it wasn't the truth. Yeah. And, and we both know that I, I've no doubt that It is, but you can't help. But your brain goes there. But my brain, because of the way I've been socialized as a trans woman, like, and, and it's been this like crux in my life of like why life has been so hard sometimes I'm like, oh my God. Like, is this it? Like, am I, can I just not like, like, you know.


Yeah. But so it's cuckoo bananas. How did you find out? So I, I kind of knew, you know, you always, you always kinda know the gut. Yeah. The gut. And because I kind of knew I went into the phone, you know? Yeah. Enter, welcome To, which I'm not, I'm not proud of, I'm not proud of either. I'm, I I've it before. I'm proud of that. But the amount of people that have sat here and been like, it's, it's fucking normal. Yeah. Because when your intuition is like hitting you in the face, you're like, okay, fine. I'll look. Yeah. And the reason you're looking is because you fucking kind of know something. Yeah. Yeah. And then you and this stuff, ugh. It makes me so nervous to talk about this stuff because I really, I have no interest in letting the public into what happened and everything.


I absolutely, I wanna make this very clear. I've absolutely no fucking desire to like, like, because what happened with that was between me and him. And, and I want to keep it and I wanna protect that. But, but at the same time I'm also like, well, yeah, he wrote a song. I'm here, I'm here to talk about and he my truth and whatever, you know. And he wrote a song and like, yes. And I agree with you. I also think, like, I wish people knew sometimes like you, some things like are super deep in the moment. And then when you're having a conversation, like there's no ill will. You've literally said like you were in love with this person. Yeah. It was, it ended amicably. Like It's okay. Yeah. And he's, and he's the same way about it. 'cause he's, he's the same kind of way, like where I don't think he has any interest in letting the public in either, but Yeah.


But we both are yappers at the end of the day. And we're gonna talk about, like, it's hard doing like the bullshit. Like, yeah, bitch, I'm coming on the face here. Like Yeah. You Know, getting over a breakup, like not even spec specifically talking about him anymore, but like, for you and what you were kind of saying, which I think is like a lot for your confidence of like, as a trans woman, you're like, fuck. Yeah. Like, am I not? And you almost like stopped your sentence. Yeah. You're like, am I not? Like, what came up for you when that happened? Like, am I not Yeah, it, yeah, I mean it, like, really, like, I mean, like I said, it like, it like fundamentally changed me and it's still something that I am working through, but I think What do you Mean by that fundamentally changed you?


What do you mean? Just in that I don't think I understood. 'cause I had never been in a monogamous relationship before. So I really, my understanding of relationships and love and everything really was rooted in like, Polyamory and queerness and sort of the way that that world works, which is very open. And I don't, I think I, I honestly, I kind of looked at people in monogamy and be like, oh, like you're, you're Cheating on yourself, blah, blah, blah. Which is, which is also what RuPaul said in that interview. And you were like, fuck no. I literally was like, Ru I just got married. Lay off. Yeah, I know. And she was like, sorry bitch.


Like, sorry. I was like, oh my God. Oh my God. And you know what I, so I don't know where I totally land on it now. I, 'cause I've done both. Yeah. And, and you know, and I think there's validity in both and it's really a choice. And it comes down to Yeah. Each individual thing. But coming from that as my background and the way I learned love, I really looked at monogamy as like a, like, you're shorting yourself and whatever. And then I got into a monogamous relationship. Oh bitch, I I get it. I get it. Like, it's so nice. Yes. I know. Oh, oh, I loved it. Oh my gosh. But then it opens up the door for that kind of betrayal, which is a different world of pain.


Were You open to the concept of monogamy? Like, did he initiate Oh, yes. Or did you initiate, or you both Did? Oh, No, I, I was open to it because, you know, I'm com that's what I'm coming from. Right, right, right. So I, you know, I even like at the beginning, you know, I like, we had talked about it, but you know, that's not, that's not what we, either of us I don't think really wanted with, with that. And, and yeah. And, you know, I think, I mean, yeah. Yeah. Are you open to monogamy ever again? Yeah, Absolutely. I really feel like, you know, I've, you, you haven't given up. I've, I've done both now. Yeah. And, and like, I, I know I can be in either of those positions. Yeah. But I really liked monogamy.


It's stuck in powerful. It's really cool own way. You're like, fuck, I hate this shit. Back to poll. Fuck you. No, but like Now I see the fault in PO because poly is so much work. It's so much work. It's so it monogamy is so easy. Yeah. 'cause it's just like, it's very simple. It's just like, right. I mean, you have to communicate a lot in either way, but with Polyamory, you bring other people into that and other people's relationships and whatever, and it's fine. But then you have to communicate not only about your own relationship, but about if, if that's in the contract for you about the other relationships that are happening and how that weighs and how to balance that with the person's, your primary partner's, feelings, all that.


It's like so much work. Yeah. It's so much work. And like, you're fucking busy. I'm, I'm too busy right now, which is what, you know, what I said's or Polyamory. I'm too busy right now, but Okay. Let's talk about the new movie that's coming out by the time this episode comes out. Yeah. Cuckoo. Yeah. Right. That's what I'm, that's the reason. That's Why You're here. That's why I'm here to promote my fucking movie. I'm like, oh my God. Okay. Like monogamy, like this is Call Her Daddy. Yeah. And the reason I love having these conversations though, is like, I get it. We can do like a press junket of like, no one, no one wants to know more than anything about you. Yeah. And then we wanna go see the movie because of you. Yeah. And we fell. And that's why I Wanted to do this podcast because I fuck I fuck with this. So I, I I'm so happy you're here. Thank you. A horror movie.


Yes. Your first lead Role. So this is my first, this is the first movie I ever got. It's not the first movie that has come out, but Right. It's the first movie I ever filmed and it's my first lead role. And Are you so excited? I'm so exci. I love this movie and I, it really feels like a baby. Like, like, and it was my fir you know, I first Movie. Okay. Horror. I am such a little fucking bitch when it comes to horror. I'm literally like, yeah. That what's happening? That what's happening? Like how did you decide on this genre? Yeah. Like, did you love Well, I love horror. Okay, great. I Grew up loving horror. Great. And I also think it's, it's so fun stylistically, particularly with this director too. It was less about the genre and even the script and the story.


I, I just, I watched this director's who's Toman singer, his first film, and it's his only other piece of work. I think that's like out in the world that you can like go buy on Amazon and watch. But it's called Lose. And I saw Lose and I was like, oh, my gut, I have to work with this person on whatever capacity. And, and in that audition process, I, I like, I fought for that role and I got it. And that's amazing. Yeah. And ILI love this Movie. I know this is probably like a dumb question to ask, but like, the process of filming like a horror film like me, do you ever get like scared? Like, I'm like, I'm literally terrified.


Like, Do you ever It's not, not like that though, I'm Assuming. Well, yeah, no. Like, like, well no, because there were some scary parts because we were filming in the Bitch in an Abandoned No, yeah, here we go. No, an abandoned like 20 acre post World War II military village. Like module. No. That had been abandoned for 50 years. We're shooting at night in these abandoned buildings that have just been sitting there for years. That was scary. But thankfully, I, the casting crew and every Oh, such a big family. Right. I loved making this movie with them.


And so, you know, we were, it was so familial, you know, it was only like when you're like, oh, you have to go walk to your trailer alone. And you're like, in the woods in the middle of Germany. And it's like, bitch, what the fuck? It's kind of scary. But otherwise, no. I mean I'm, you know, like in the scenes where I'm, you're fine scared, you know, I have to be scared obviously. But I'm just coming from the perspective where like, I'm trying to think of like a movie that you'd be like, why were you scared about that? Like, honestly, some scenes in like Vampire Diaries scared me, you know what I mean? I Still haven't Seen Vampire Diary. No, it was great. But like, okay, let me, like Halloween Town. Did you ever watch the movie? No. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I was Disney.


Disney, Disney. Yeah. The Disney movie. Yeah. That, That was scary. I remember that. Yeah. Yeah. I Remember. I'm literally so afraid of like, or like on Disney shows, if it was like the, like Halloween episode, I'd be, Oh yeah, no, those were scary. They were, or twitches. Did you ever twitches twitches and the Dark Cloud that literally, oh My God. That shit my So scary. You remember that? Yeah. Girl. So good. Yeah. So Good. Oh, honestly, like a little pathetic. But I'm so excited for you because obviously you being like having this lead role, like, it's crazy to, this is why I love talking to you because you started this interview being like, I didn't even know if I wanted to be a fucking actress. Yeah. And I like, get this call and I'm like making no money from modeling.


And I get that call and I'm like, I guess I'll do it. Now your life has changed. How has your approach since now you're like getting on a plane tomorrow right? To go to Europe? Like how has your approach changed though to like Yeah. Being an actress? Yeah, so I, you know, 'cause I was fight. I, I was like, you know, I was really under the belief for like, a few years into it that like, okay, I'm just doing this for right now. Yeah. And it's helping. Yeah. My career, whatever. I'm making money. Yeah, this is great. But I don't know if I like, if this is what I'm supposed to do, and now I'm in this place where I've, I've, because I've been doing it and I get it now. Because also you have to, you have to know, like learning how to act on the spot with the first two seasons of euphoria and everything.


You're so fucking good. Thank you. You wouldn't even know. Thank you. But like, I'm, I'm learning. I like, I didn't understand the craft. Yeah. I had no idea what I was doing. And I finally, in that process and in this process of like, just like take, like letting this career happen to me. I've fallen in love with the craft and now I'm at this place where I'm like, okay, maybe this isn't what I thought that I was put on this art to do. Yeah. But this is just another form I get to put on my creative energy that I used to put into my journals and in my art and everything into this. And I understand how that works now. Yeah. And I've fallen in love with it. So now it's at this great point where I'm like, okay, this, this is, this is one of my superpowers.


This is what I can do. And, and I love it, Hunter. I'm gonna be honest it, this was like one of my favorite interviews. I'm gonna stop. No, seriously, like sitting across from you. I'm like inspired and also like, this is why I love what I do, because I've watched you. I see your social media, but like sitting with you for an hour and whatever, like you are fucking awesome. Thank you. You too, girl. And this, it's just so cool because actresses, we don't get to see, and even musicians, like, we don't get to see as much obviously of your personality when you're like playing these characters. Right. Because we're Putting our drag in the world, You know? Exactly. Yeah. But today, you coming here like stripped down, like being yourself and like opening up, I'm like, thank you So much and thank you for giving me the, it's, it's, it's, I'm, I I'm nervous about like, you know, showing the world like, you know, my real tea, you know, I'm, that shouldn't be, it scares me, but, but to do it with you, thank you for making the space and everything and, and like just being here and kiking with me.


That's what this felt like. You're amazing. I literally could keep going, but like I know we have to stop, but I love you. Thank You. Thank you. I love you too. This was great.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business. Easier call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Hi, this is Steve Busi. You know the actor. Well now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work entertainment and campsite Media. In association with Olive Productions. Comes Big Time and Apple Original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who isn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, who Steals bees? I was duped. I shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen On Apple Podcasts.