
Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial.


Today, Haagen Dazs is made to be savored and enjoyed slowly introducing new Haagen Dazs Belgian waffle cones. A completely new experience that's worth slowing down for. Available in four delicious flavors, including my favorite toasted Almond Fudge. It's a crispy Belgian waffle cone full of luxurious vanilla ice cream Topped with toasted almonds and milk chocolate curls. And finished with fudge sauce at the bottom. Daddy Gang, I love, love, love, a good vanilla chocolate almond combo. So get yourself some ice cream. New Haagen Dazs Belgian waffle cones available at retailers nationwide.


Call her daddies brought to you by vre. VRE gives members exclusive access to a designer closet so you can elevate your every day. You guys have seen this online. You guys have seen the girlies with these cute bags and one day they've got it and the next they send it back and they get another one. VRE is a memberships only club to borrow designer and luxury accessories. Members can treat the VRE closet like their own, borrowing anything within their tier. VRE has no return dates, swap items monthly or keep items as long as you like. This is a great, great idea. If you're going on a trip, you need a cute outfit, boom. Hit up Vire use code. Call Her Daddy to get to the top of the Vire wait list and 30% off your first four months of membership code. Call Her Daddy. Hurry up ladies.


What is Up Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy, Daddy Gang. Welcome back to another episode of Call Her Daddy. Laren and I are sitting, we kind of feel like we look like the parents from Willy Wonka. We are sitting on the couch, but we really wanted to like be comfortable and not have our feet fall asleep on the couch. And so we're in a little bit of a relaxed situation, but we're happy I could like doze off right here. Like I could take like a nap in this position. I'm really cozy. Same. Okay, wait. Oh, so just for context, Laren and I are on kind of like a girl's weekend.


Yeah. In Los Angeles. Matt is taking his brother to go golf because my brother-in-law and my sister-in-law, no. Yeah, your brother-in-law and sister-in-law. Sister-in-law, yeah. But does that make it sound like their brother and sister? No, they're both, he's your brother-in-law. She's your sister-in-law. Okay. It is. Yeah. Yeah. My brother-in-law and sister-in-law are having a baby. And so Matt is taking his brother to go golf and on like on a little golf trip before they like have a kid, whatever. And so Lauren's in town and we were like, oh my God, why don't we stay relaxed? Go have like a nice pool spa weekend girls Weekend And we're gonna drink a little bit.


We're gonna chill and it's gonna be a good time. We're Gonna order these green margaritas that when it's the two of us, we like to order them for delivery and get a little weird together. Well They're just like those kind of sneaky margaritas that like you get really fucked up from them. And the last time or the first time, First time we didn't know how strong they Were. When I moved to Los Angeles with Laren, we were staying at Matt's house and he was away on a business trip and Laren and I, he was like, you guys should order from this place. And we got these margaritas and they're so fucking good. They're these like cucumber green margaritas. So Laren and I started downing them and we're in the hot tub with floats, which was weird in itself.


And we're in the hot tub and we're with our floaties and slowly we're Like blasting music. And we found out how to do the strobe lights in the pool lights. Yes. And we were DJing and then we Like passed out in the living room and like didn't turn the music off, didn't turn the pool strobe lights off. Matt's neighbor called him and gave him a noise complaint. And So Matt looks at his security cameras and it looks like we actually threw a rager at his house And he's like calling you like, you guys aren't like really like official official yet. He's like calling you. And he's like, like I just have to say like this is so disrespectful. Like I let you guys like use my house in my pool. Like You throw a party. And we were like, well you see actually there was no party.


Well it was a party but Just two people. It was just Laren and I. And he's like, I, I'm having a hard time believing that Alex like look at my backyard. It looks like there was like a fucking brothel back there. And I was like, And like the neighbor called and gave me a noise complaint. Like I've never had that happen since I've lived here. And I was like, it's just the two of us. And so Laren and I now always have a joke with Matt where we're like, we're hitting the green marks again. And he's like, Jesus fucking Christ, the two of you together. But to be fair, I feel like whenever it's just the two of us together and we're not like interacting with other people, we have a pretty like straight and narrow path that we always go on. What's our straight and narrow path? We love either alcohol or marijuana to like have a little fun together.


Not in that way, but it sounds weird, but you know what I mean? Like we like our little like thing but then we're like usually passing out pretty early and like we're Not Oh we're not. We we're not night people. No. We thrive in the daytime and we love like a 10:00 PM bedtime And I feel like the older I'm getting, I'm like I can have these like fun rager moments, which I feel like I've been having lately. But it has to be spread out. And a lot of times like I'm gonna go to bed at least by midnight. I'm not the type of person just to like stay up for the hell of it. No. Like if, if there's something worthwhile staying up for Yes. Like Miami, we had late nights and It was so fun. Yeah. Like after we would be at the party or we would go to the strip club.


We need to talk about the strip club. I just thought about that. Oh as I'm staring at your face, we would go out but then we would always come back to me and Matt's room and we would all sit there and like have a like a night cap and talk and schmooze and do the thing that was enjoyable to me. But if it's me and Matt or it's just me and you and there's no part I'm, I don't need to ruin my tomorrow. No. Like we're gonna get, we're gonna hit the hay. Let's stand. We Can still drink a bottled of wine and go to bed and wake up the next day. Yep. Speaking of the Miami Strip Club. Yes. Can we tell the Daddy Gang? Yes. Yes.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay. So I have a trip booked currently and we got an Airbnb in the desert. I'm so excited. It is this gorgeous lavish house that I really wanted to be with my friends, my childhood friends are coming into town and I didn't want to do a hotel because I was like, I wanna be super close with my girls. I want everyone sleeping in the same space but also having our own room so we have privacy and we're all together. And that is where Airbnb is just the best and Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only a new city but a new space in that city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. Grab groceries at the local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants. If you just want to go somewhere but you don't know really where yet let Airbnb make the decision for you. Guest favorites might inspire you and perhaps even create a new tradition. And if you have goals for the new year but you're worried about how to maintain them when you're traveling, Airbnb makes it easy. With plenty of privacy and kitchen space, you can still make health and wellness a priority while you're away from your home. Daddy Gang, we know traveling can be sometimes like overwhelming. You're like, oh my gosh, there's gonna be so much going. Let Airbnb make you feel cozy wherever you go. As you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. You wanna a big kitchen, you want a gym, maybe you wanna bring your dog. Shout out Henry and Bruce Airbnb is my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama but you know we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes guys, word on the street is that listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I'll know about you but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay so kick your old boyfriends to the Gerb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie, I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where T-Mobile thinks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


So we throw our unwell Miami weekend and it was truly so fun And Laren comes and we end up after a night at the unwell club. We do a late late night and we go to 11 in Miami, which is a club slash strip club. So we get to the club and we are, we get a table, we are all standing there and I remember I am like talking to Matt and he's whispering my ear and then all of a sudden I look and Laren is standing with this tall man and at our table and I know who this man is because he's a reality star and he's been to a couple of our events before.


But I know my best friend is barely has social media and doesn't watch reality TV and she has no idea who this person is. No idea. You just think he's like a hot guy. Yeah. And then the next morning I asked Laren like wait, what? Ha no we get in the van to leave. Yeah. 'cause we end up leaving 'cause we were like it was too crowded. Yeah. And like none of the strippers could even come to our table. Which was like I was ready for like a lap dance to throw some vans. Yes. I want I I brought fucking a bunch of cash. I was like ready to fucking pay the strippers. And then they never ended up being being able to get to our table. So we were like, this isn't even as much as fun. We leave, we get into the van and tell the daddy yang what happened with your night? So I hadn't, before we ended up at 11, I had maybe shared five words with this guy.


Okay. Like quite literally five words. And when we're standing at the table it's like really crowded. So like we're just like touching because it's so crowded and at this point we've maybe hit a higher word count of like we've shared a few sentences. Okay. Like not much has been happening. Yeah. And maybe sentence number five is he looks at me and holds out all of his money and goes, do you wanna go to the back room right now and get a private lap dance the two of us And like it's like two 30 in the morning and like I am like kind of drunk but I'm not like hammered.


And so you don't Even have, I think at that point, 'cause we had left the club and hung out for a minute before we went to 11 And it was kind of a mission to get into 11. Yeah. Like so like I kind of like sobered up a little bit in the process of like getting into 11. Yeah. So like we, none of us had a buzz. No we were sober at 11. Yes. Which was fine fine. But to get a sober lap dance with a man that you've barely never met, I'm like, I've been around the block. Yes. A few times. No, well I've been to, this is, this is like my third time at like 11. Okay. So like I know what goes down in the private rooms in the back. Yes. It would not just be us getting a lap dance, it would be us having a threesome with a stripper. No. And I was like, you know at this current intoxication level I don't really have it in me to go from just like not having a vibe to having a threesome with a stripper.


But you were just like, I'm literally like fresh sober basically Uber I'm like sober and like there's not like a Sexual tension yet. Yeah. Like we've had like we're like We're We're cracking the small talk. We're trying to like gauge like like What's your name, what's your occupation, who are you Exactly. I remember in real time when this was happening I turn and I clearly hit you right in that middle of that conversation 'cause all I remember hearing you say is lemme have one more drink and think about it. That was literally your response and I'm looking at you and I'm looking up at him being like, what did he just ask her for Laren to be like, let me have one more drink and think about it because you're a down ass bitch.


So I was like what is Laren postponing in order to like liquor herself up? And then I find out that he basically asked you to go into the private room and then we left and he stayed. But for now Lauren's still on the hunt. I am just out there living my life. But I feel like You're in a really good head space of like you are really, really in a good way single now. 'cause like how long has it been since your breakup? Like five months now. Wow. Wow. Something I was saying that I was really proud of myself. I was telling you this this morning. Yeah. I went no contact after my breakup, which is like anyone I meet who's going through a breakup and they're like what's your best piece of advice?


Truly like go no contact. Like you have to like I have no better advice than go no contact and like you have to stick by it. I have not talked to my ex once in any capacity since October since we broke up. And it was like, I remember I had said to you, I was nervous for you because you guys obviously lived together. So once the breakup happened you had to like figure out like all the logistics. There was like a lot of Logistics to sort Out. But then once that happened and the last day that you guys saw each other of like you got to take things from the apartment and all that stuff, you guys set Like a final like very nice like goodbye, goodbye. I was so proud of you because I was so scared of that. Like you guys also shared each other's locations and stuff and I was like, is she gonna, is she gonna, and then I remember I talked to you like a week after and you were like unshared location haven't talked, it's over.


And the fact that it's gone no contact for five months. I feel like it's really allowed you to focus on yourself and not feel like you're lightly getting pulled back into it. Even if you had any questions that you've been kind of like going through in reflecting on the relationship, I feel like you've been just taking full accountability of like I don't need to ask him, I'm gonna do the work in therapy about like why did I put up with this or why did I do this or why did I act this way? Like whatever it is you're finding the answers within yourself and I think a lot of times Daddy Gang, we can use questions we have and think well it's just closure. I just wanna have one more conversation 'cause I want to kinda like figure out why we both did this and it's like that's just prolonging you being able to move on.


I agree. Right. So talk to me now though about like five months out of a breakup. What have you realized about yourself? Because I don't think the Daddy Gang knows how close, How like serious it was or Yeah, the book my relationship because I think in a beautiful way I found my boundary of like privacy that I feel like I needed to instill in with this show and and with the internet and I'm so happy I did that. And I feel like you with Call Her Daddy in a completely understandable way. Like he was a private person and you and I aren't that private of people.


Like we don't really care. So, but the people we've are with and you were with wanted privacy and so like you were respecting that so you didn't really talk about your relationship a lot. So I think a lot of people online I even saw still to this day are like, wait, Laren broke up with the boyfriend and like so she's single and like what's happening? Like do you mind explaining how close you were to like this being the person you were about to spend the rest of your life with? Yeah, it was really serious. We dated for almost three years. For the last six months of our relationship we were living together and it got to the point where he had a full plan to propose.


He talked to my mom and her fiance like, and had like a dinner with them and told him he was gonna propose. He talked to me and Matt, he talked to Kristen, Kristen's our other best friend from childhood like at our we, me and Matt's wedding. He went to Kristen and was like, oh my gosh. I obviously like can't, I don't wanna bring it up to Alex and Matt right now 'cause they're literally getting married, but I'm wanna propose to Laren during the like holiday new year time. And can you just like make sure you put us all on chat? 'cause I wanna make sure that they can be there 'cause that they want, he wanted us to like surprise you. Like how you guys did for Me. Yes. Him and I came to your engagement. So it was like Very concrete things. Oh Like there was a date, you knew a date when he was gonna like you knew the date he was gonna propose And you guys had talked about the ring, right?


We were gonna like do something with like a family like Diamond and you knew like where it was gonna be. Yes. Like it it was, it was planned. Yes. That was happening. And I think as your friend, I remember when I heard that I was so Torn. Torn. Yeah, that's a good word. 'cause I was like, fuck that could one day make sense. But from the stuff that I had heard from you, I wasn't sure you guys were like ready for that. But I'm not in your relationship obviously. So I was like, I need to just like catch up with Laren and obviously I didn't want to tell you he's gonna propose to you.


Can I, can I, can I say yes? So like you ended up di like Yeah I had to, we had, we had one of those dinners where you're like, you were just like, I can tell that like you're holding a lot in right now. Like can you like, just let it all out. Zero judgment. Zero judgment. You can tell me everything and if you wanna stay you can still stay. Yes. But like I can feel you're not telling me everything and you're just holding a lot in like let it out. So we have one of those three hour dinners where I was just like word vomit, word vomit, everything. Everything, everything. And then after I told you that we were like, I am really feeling conflicted right now because like if it does work out, like I obviously don't wanna like ruin your engagement but like, I don't know if you know how close it is to actually happening and I want you to be able to have the tools to feel in control of your life and not have the sneak up on you and you have, and you feel like you're kind of backed into a corner and saying yes because you're like, ah, shit.


Like how, like what? We're here. Oh okay. Let's go through it. So like you, you ended up telling me he's gonna propose on this day to kind of be like, you kind of do have a window of like yeah you gotta figure some things out. Because I Was like Laren. That was like one of the harder things I think I've, I was going back and forth with. And I think again in the best way I feel like our relationship is so beautiful because I feel like we both talk about, we have so many friends that you communicate with friends differently, but you and I have always had this thing where it's like we are so honest with each other and I think we both have found our way to be, even when it's hard what we're gonna talk about.


We are so like graceful in the way that we approach things with each other and respectful. Very, we very, very much have I feel like a policy of like it is your life. Yes. And I don't know your life. Yes. And like it's your life. Yes. And like, But it's also as your best friend. Yeah. I have to share this about the things I'm seeing. Yeah. And then I am, once that's out, I'm here to game plan everything that you need. Yeah. Like I'll support you. Yes. Whatever. Yeah. And I think that was like a thing that I would give Daddy Gang is like, I, I forgot that I remember multiple times in that conversation 'cause I had literally talked about it with my therapist and she had said like, you have to continue to reassure Laren. Like, I'm so happy you told me. Okay. That makes me feel good. No, but and and I and you were great in the moment and I think I ag I stand by it too.


But again, Daddy Gang, if you are in this position where you're seeing your friend not in the best relationship and you're like, how do I do it? You have to come from the place of like, you have to remind them that you're not judging them. That you will be there no matter what and you're there to listen and, but you also have like some information that you wanna give them but you're not putting it on them to like now deal with alone. And I feel like when I told you it was gonna happen over New Year's, you were like whoa, okay. And we really For for context, like this past new year. Yes. This past New Year's Laren was gonna get engaged and I think you were so like whoa this is another big red flag of like, how does he think that can even happen when all of these problems are happening?


And I think that was kind of when it all started to unravel a little bit more for you because you really were just seeing like, huh? It was kind of like a, like a, like a like a date that was like being put on like oh I have to like figure this out. Like it put like this like rush and urgency to like figure my shit out. Yeah. Like, but before I was like, I'll Off working on it, Figuring on it, keep figuring it out. I was like, oh shit. Like I have to like figure this out now. Yeah. And so once you guys ended the relationship, what do you feel like you in now being single? Like what do you feel like you've now realized like you really want and need in a partner moving forward?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. You all know what speed dating is, right? Yeah. Well if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating only for hiring? In other words, you can meet several interested qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. That sounds actually like a dream to me. Well good news there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back-to-back video calls. You just pick a time and zip intro does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you. And then you choose who you wanna talk to. You can meet great people as soon as the next day. It is so easy. Daddy Gang, enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with the new zip intro. Only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/daddy. Again that's ziprecruiter.com/daddy Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber Eats. Okay Daddy Gang, we all know Uber Eats has the best selection of local restaurants, but did you know they also eat when it comes to a whole range of delivery services? You didn't listen, this might be a lot to take in. So let me break it down for you. Uber Eats isn't just for locked in salad bowl lunches or pre-game and with Thai. Okay, when you can't make it to the store, you can just basically get anything you need delivered straight to your door With Uber Eats right now you could be checking off your whole shopping list. Here's the thing, there are so many times where I am in the middle of a meeting and I'm like, oh my God, I just remembered that I needed to get this before the weekend. Or oh my God, I bet Henry and Bruce would love a new toy or love a couple treats. Boom, order it. Oh my gosh, I wish that I had more paper towels. I just remembered 'em. Or oh my God, I just realized that I'm out of toilet paper. Boom, boom, boom. Your everyday life things Uber Eats has you, okay get grocery, alcohol and everyday essentials in addition to the restaurant food you love. So in other words, get almost almost anything with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details


in now being single. Like what do you feel like you've now realized like you really want and need in a partner moving forward? I want to feel like They got me and that like I can have like a bad day or go through something difficult and like they'll pick me up and like kind of like help me get through it and like carry me through it. But like when I was talking to my therapist about it, she was like, oh, like do you feel like that's something lacking in your life right now? Like do you feel like unsupported and unable to like get yourself through hard moments?


And I was like literally the opposite. Like I feel like I have very deep fulfilling friendships I can lean on if I need to. I end my days and I feel strong and confident and like secure in what I need to work through and get through and like that I can handle it and I'm not like overwhelmed and like I'm not lonely, which I think I'm really happy that something that I want isn't like a need I'm trying to fill Like it's not like a deficit in my life that like I'm trying to like find a person to fulfill. It's just like I just like want like partnership.


You said that to me the other day when we were in car, in the car and I thought it was so profound and I wanna keep talking about this a little bit for the daddying because you were like, every time my therapist was challenging me, like oh are you wanting that because of X? Like I feel like you've gotten so good being alone and I feel like you've always been a relationship girl. So I'm so proud of you right now. Like I've never really, really, really seen you just like single Laren like for this long in a strong way. Yeah. Where you're like, oh, I'm a little like, ooh she'll, I wonder what she's gonna do. You are like, you've never been I feel like happier and you don't have a partner.


I'm just joking. I was like, I've never been happier and I've never been hotter. No literal. No, it's so true. You've never been happier, you've never been hotter, you just turned 30. You are thriving. And I feel like something that it's obvious is like for the Daddy Gang, like we have both been at points in our life where we're both single and we aren't that good at being alone. Yeah. And so we're like chasing after something like te tell me if I'm, if you're okay with me saying this, but I think something that you had talked to me about that was like, I think very relatable was like this was the first relationship that you were like I actually felt like I was like this person, like genuinely loved me.


Yeah. And like I was genuinely in love. So it's hard to walk away from that. That was like I've, I had a relationship before but it was like coming, it was like a college relationship that became post-college and like that was the first time I was like, I was deeply in love. Like I was in love with this person. Yes. And I remember it was so sad because I remember you saying to me Laren, you were like, I just like, I feel like I've just like lost so many people in my life that like I love. So like I don't want to, what do IW I'm I, my innate feeling is to hold on to this person because how am I gonna just like, oh I, yeah I was so like this is it. Like I, I had never been, I had never been in love before and I had never felt that and I was like, oh like this is it.


Like this is the feeling that like you fight for and like you go to like the end of like the earth for and like I know that's not the case. Well now you know, once you really have that like first like adult relationship of love. Yeah. I'm not talking about like we've all been in love hopefully before, but when you were talking about like love, love of like, oh I could see a future with this person. Yeah. Then you really start to realize, which I think I'm so happy. I feel like we were able to have a lot of conversations with like me, you and Matt. 'cause I've learned so much being in my first year of marriage that I felt like you started to kind of like ask Matt and I questions throughout this past. Matt has a lot of good experiences and advice He does. And I feel like his advice a lot was like you, there's so much more to a marriage than love.


Yeah. Like if anything that's like the easiest part Of it. It easiest part. Yes. I like, I was talking about that in therapy too of like, I think I like thought that like love was so hard to like come by and it was so rare. But like what is more rare is having that love and then like the compatibility aspect of like, yes. Just like what you want and need out of life is also gonna match up. 'cause like Yes. That's the hard part. Morals, values, compatibility, what you want as a family. What like literally career Wise, like how you Career money. Yeah. Socioeconomic where you're gonna live. Yeah.


How you interact with your in-laws, what you want to, how you want to raise your kids. Yeah. Like where you want them to go to school. All of that is like shit that I think people don't talk about it maybe enough where it's like you have to have these fucking conversations. I genuinely believe before you get married and before you get engaged. And I think a lot of times it's like people are feeling in love and then they're excited and they're moving in and then you think once you get married then like you become, you like start to do all this. It's like, no, no, no Daddy Gang. You need to figure it out before because I think again, you watched it with yourself is like you were in love that was down.


But then I think you've, and you have a lot of friends around you who are going through like whether they just got married or their first year of marriage or their second year of marriage. And so you're watching all of us kind of like, oh I don't do this dance My like clo all of my like clo. I have like, like say like my like five closest girlfriends. Like now they are all married and engaged. Yep. And do you to anyone that is the single friend in a dynamic like that, like can you talk about how, how you don't feel pressured by people just by seeing your friends at one stage of their life. Like how are you maintaining just like confidence to not feel like, oh well I'm the only one so I have to hurry up and do it.


Like how are you feeling like you're managing that? Because I, you could, I dunno if I'm saying that right. Like I feel like you're doing such a good job of just being like, and I'm so happy for all of you and I'm happy for myself and I'm good on my like what I'm doing The easy answer and then like I'll give like the deeper answer. Like I do, like I have, I have a few like newer friendships that like I've been investing more time into because they are single. Yeah. And I do think it's important to like, it's just helpful to like have people who were like, oh, like everyone's going on a date night tonight. Like let's do this. Or like, everyone's kinda tired, but like I like, I don't wanna sit at home alone like all weekend. Like let's at least like go out and like yeah get a drink and like be social for like a minute.


So like I think it is like really helpful to like Have Single friends. Have single friends when you're single. And then something else we were talking about recently kind of related to like how am I not feeling pressure in comparison and like left behind when all of my friends are very much in like a different life stage than me. Like being single like is the minority of like, of my close friends right now. Because like I truly, truly feel like very zen at this current moment And not pressured. And not rushed. But when I first got out of my relationship, like the first, this is kind of like a new, this zen is kind of like really within like the past like month and a half-ish. That's that's nice to hear. 'cause I'm sure girls are like going out of a breakup being like, bitch I'm on my fourth month and I'm still struggling.


Yeah. It's like a very new, like this level of like Calmness. Calmness Yeah. Is like kind of new. When I first got out of the relationship I knew for a fact like I absolutely need to be single. I need to like reflect on stuff. I need to not rush into anything. Like I need to have me time. Like I knew that but I didn't feel that. Right. I was like, I would be like, I need to be single. But like in the back of my mind I'd be like, oh fuck. Like time's the clock's kind of ticking. Like am I dragging my feet? I was doing like the numbers game where I was like, oh, so I'm 30 now. If I like take a year to be single, I'll start dating someone maybe at 31.


I don't wanna rush into an engagement. So like maybe I'll get engaged at 33, married at 30 4:00 AM I gonna immediately have a kid then a year into marriage at 35. And then like I was like, oh my God, like I'm having a kid at 35. Right? And like, so I started playing that game and like that was like kind of like suffocating and like consuming. I was so close to like locking in like this timeline that like I was seeing like we were just saying, I was like about to get engaged and then I was like, okay, I'm gonna get engaged at 30. I'm gonna like, and I had that kind of like, like it Was all laid out In your head. Yeah. And it was kind of like clicking into like step and it was like, although there were things that weren't right and that I wasn't sure about and that were causing me stress, kind of seeing my life kind of start to like unfold and like where it was going in front of me was comforting and like the sense of security and safety.


So like it took a moment to like shed that. Right. 'cause I feel like that's something we should talk about too, of like, I've done it before, a previous relationship prior to Matt, like Daddy Gang, we've all been there. Or you're currently in it where you are, you see the path, you see the future and it is so comforting knowing you, you can see like what your timeline is. I like, I I, I was at the point where I was like, oh I can look five years ahead and I can see where my life is going. And sometimes having the guy, it makes you feel like even though I have these reservations, I'm okay with looking past it.


'cause I can't give all this up. I can't give this timeline up. Like I'm right here. I'm like right, I'm so Close. But you like I'm, I was like, oh I'm on like the last lap. Like I'm so close to the finish line. Like you don't throw in the towel like right when you're before you're about to cross the finish line. Yes. And I remember I said to Laren when she was like, I feel like I was like right about to hit the finish line. I was like, babe, you have not, you are literally putting on your fucking outfit in your gear. You're not even in the race yet. Like I know that sounds cheesy, but it's so true. It's like if you feel like you're just about to get there, you're about to get the engagement you're about to. It's like no, no, no, you haven't even started the fucking marathon yet. You are literally just putting on the clothes to see if they fucking fit. Does the uniform look good? Does it fit?


How does it feel? Okay. Then when you start marriage, that's when the fucking race begins. And I feel like, or again, even if it's not marriage for certain people, whether it's you wanna have a kid or whether you decide to be life partners, but for you, I feel like that's such a relatable feeling to women listening of you don't wanna disrupt what you feel like you've spent so much time building and you're willing to potentially look past these problems because holistically it's really starting to shape out. And the problem is, is what I've always said on this show, you guys that my mom had always told me from a young age was like, anything that bothers you in your relationship will get 10 times worse when you're married.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber Eats. Okay Daddy Gang, we all know Uber Eats has the best selection of local restaurants, but did you know they also eat when it comes to a whole range of delivery services? You didn't listen, this might be a lot to take in. So let me break it down for you. Uber Eats isn't just for locked in salad, bowl lunches or pre-game And with Thai, okay, when you can't make it to the store, you can just basically get anything you need delivered straight to your door With Uber Eats right now you could be checking off your whole shopping list. Here's the thing, there are so many times where I am in the middle of a meeting and I'm like, oh my God, I just remembered that I needed to get this before the weekend. Or oh my God, I bet Henry and Bruce would love a new toy or love a couple treats. Boom, order it. Oh my gosh, I wish that I had more paper towels. I just remembered 'em. Or oh my God, I just realized that I'm out of toilet paper. Boom, boom, boom. Your everyday life things Uber Eats has you, okay get grocery, alcohol and everyday essentials in addition to the restaurant food you love. So in other words, get almost almost anything with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. What if your work was more than just a paycheck? As an entrepreneur you can turn your passions into profits and do something you truly love every single day. The tools are at your fingertips. With Shopify making it easy for you to focus on the big picture and fuel your passions. Daddy Gang, it may not seem obvious at the time, but there are a lot of ways that you can turn your passion into something bigger than you ever set out to achieve. Okay, some of you may be at work right now and you may be miserable at your job or you may like your job, but you're trying to figure out what is your next step? What is your passion? What do you wanna do for the rest of your life? With Shopify you can easily sell on social media, manage your operations, and even collaborate with other brands. Shopify is your all in one hub for managing and growing your business, whether you're selling online or in person. I have been using Shopify since basically day one. When I got Call Her Daddy all on my own, I was like okay, I wanna make sure I'm managing all of this correctly. And specifically with my merchandise business, I've been utilizing Shopify to help me manage all of the things that I have going on. I really want everyone who's listening you should feel incentivize to pursue entrepreneurship if it's something that you have always wanted. But I get it, it can be overwhelming. So let Shopify help you out. Life is too short to do something you don't love daddies. Start today on Shopify dot com slash daddy and make it happen. That is Shopify dot com slash daddy.


Anything that bothers you in your relationship will get 10 times worse when you're married. And And that is disorienting. Yeah. And hard to hear because I think you and I had a lot of conversations of like your ex is a good guy. Yeah. Like absolutely. It's just compatibility wise we started to talk about things where it was like It wasn't the right person for me. Yeah. And we would be like, no, no Laren like you're saying this and this is how it's making you feel. But like, which I think was like another hard layer. Like nothing was like glaring like yeah. There was no moment of like, oh shit. Like that was so bad. You have to end it. It was just like these micro things that you kept, you know what it was a lot of too, which is people listening, you may have this where you're just like, am I okay with this?


Yeah. Am I okay with compromising and when is it not compromising? And it's like actually kind of giving up Something that's important to me or something I did think I want in life, but like is that superficial to want that? I think when you really got to the point of knowing is when you were laying it out and speaking to your friends a bunch and it was like you were literally starting to compromise on every single thing in your life and everything. And it wasn't even compromise. It was just like, this Isn't the life I saw for myself. Yeah, You would say it but it was like a story you were telling yourself. Yeah. And then when you, and this is where Daddy Gang, like finding friends to make sure that who won't judge you but can talk with it.


Because I've been in the scenario too where I would go to Laren when I was going through a breakup being like, I'm so devastated. But you kept me on track to be like, but that, that's not what you want. I feel like when you went through this, we did the same thing where it was like, this is hard that you're giving all of this up, but how about you reframe it and think, can you imagine if you went through with it just 'cause it felt like you were so close to the finish line, then you marry this guy and you have kids and every problem that you, I was gonna like look up and be like, how is this my life? Right? Like I didn't want any of this. Yeah. I don't agree with the way we're that we're doing this and this and this and this, but I wanted to just get the ring and get the marriage. And I think that's a really, really understandably relatable thing that women can feel.


Like. I remember dating a guy that was so like financially stable at a time where I really wasn't. And it became, and I think also like growing up and not being like having my parents have like all this money, even though being around friends that had it, I definitely like wanted that like, and so it was attractive to me to have like financial security. And so I was completely avoiding a lot of things that upset me or made me feel not good about myself because of this main thing that I thought, it's okay, I can look past these things because I feel safe with him. But it's like, but why do you feel safe with him? You don't feel like he's actually being like faithful to you.


It's because of the financial stability. And while that is a huge thing when you think about certain aspects, that doesn't mean fucking shit. Yeah. If you don't have an actual good relationship, yeah, money is fucking great, but it's not fucking great if you're getting cheated on or you're getting fucking emotionally abused or whatever it be. So I think a huge lesson for the Daddy Gang that we can take from what you're talking about is like you felt in your gut compatibility wise, you were off in moments but you kept going forward because you really also didn't wanna give up the good parts.


Yeah. That that there was love there, that it was all kind of falling into place and like making sense. And like I remember saying like in one of my like therapies I was having before like ending the relationship, I was like, I feel like I'm about to blow up my life. And she was like, you are. But like that's one portion of your life. Like you still have all of your friendships, you still have your career, you're still gonna be you. That's what's I think so crazy. I remember that. 'cause we talked about that after that session you had, it was like, yeah, I guess you could say you're blowing up your life.


Not really. You're just ending something that was gonna bring you in one direction, but it's a portion and everything else is gonna say the same. I remember saying that to you. Remember I was like, yeah, you're gonna go to work on Monday, then you're gonna go to drinks with your friends that night. Like everything is kind of the same. Yeah. But then a huge chunk will be missing. Yeah. And so it's really, really terrifying as women because we don't have the flexibility like men do to just keep it fucking moving. Oh that didn't, that one didn't work out. I can go over here. Like they just, they have a different level of privilege. And while that is true, I really truly believe that like staying in something just to appease one other aspect of your life that you're looking for is really gonna come and bite you in the ass.


So I also think being easier on yourselves if things aren't working. Daddy Gang, recognizing that sometimes neither of you are bad people. Yeah. It's just, it quite literally is like your traumas and your strong suits and your issues and your things that you bring to the table that are good and bad. Sometimes they just don't fucking work with someone. Yeah. And And instead of trying so hard to force it, while yes a relationship is work, at some point you have to look at yourself. And I genuinely believe for you Laren, like I'm so happy that you lived with him. I'm so happy that you went all the way to the point of seeing yourself in a dress with a ring, all of it. Because now we talk about this a lot of like, I can't wait to see the person that you meet next because you are a better person because of that past relationship.


Oh. Like there's things like, thank God You met him and there's things that, oh, my therapist used to say, every person you date gets you one step closer to the person you're supposed to marry. And like there's things that I would have no idea that I did not like and that I definitely need. Yeah. And that like trigger me and yeah. I feel like I just like know myself a lot more now. And so technically though, think about this Daddy Gang. If we're doing the fucking math, although maybe you would be engaged right now and planning a wedding, we have talked about like now knowing how much there was breaking down, there's a chance either one, you would've been in a really pretty unfulfilling unhappy marriage which could have ended in divorce.


Now you're still so much closer though, to just pure happiness of finding your person. And I think that should hold a lot of hope in a lot of people's minds. If you're about to end something or this episode is helping you think about reevaluating, do you wanna take that next step while Yes, the next step seems super straightforward and easy. If you're not a hundred percent in knowing that's the right next step, you're then gonna have to take a lot of back steps once you go forward. Yeah. 'cause it's gonna be like, well fuck, this isn't working. Don't force something that's not there. Everyone's timelines, while yes, it can be straightforward, a lot of times with timelines, they're just gonna like fuck you into making like more rushed decisions where it's like, if you didn't have this in your head and if we didn't have a time clock, like would you make that decision?


I think that has been like the timeline and the time clock and the biological clock in children Yeah. Has been, and like really sitting and thinking like about that aspect has been one of the things, The most freeing aspects for me of like, I truly feel like, so I've never felt more zen or peaceful in my entire life and calm and like not rushed and like awake and confident and like Sure. And I think it's because I've been having really honest conversations with myself about what was really fueling that like urgency and that rush and that countdown and it's children and motherhood. And I, if you would've asked me six months ago, a year ago, my whole life, I would've been like, no doubt I'm having children.


Like, no question I'm having children and I don't feel that way anymore. And it's a little surprising, but not sad, if anything almost freeing because I think I was really just operating from that place of a, it's just a what you do. Like Oh yeah. Like I'm gonna have shoulder like Duh. Like I have to like, But like when I like really think about it, I'm like loving this time period of like feeling like I am the main focus in my life. Like truly just me. And like what do I want and what makes me happy.


And like everything is revolving like around you, me. And like I get to be selfish and like my entire life, like I from like seventh grade was like put in positions that were like pretty crazy of like taking care of my family emotionally, financially until like not too, too long ago. And like I'm like, it's my time. Yes. And it's like my turn. Yes. And like if a child fits into that at some point, like that's great and beautiful and like I know I'd be a great mother. I might have a kid at 40. Yes. I might not have a kid.


And That's, And it's like, it was like pretty like wild to say that out loud. 'cause like I just wouldn't have Thought It, Thought it. And yet here you are. And I feel like again, had you gone down that path with that ex-boyfriend, you wouldn't have probably even had a chance to recognize that 'cause of just this timeline if That's what you and Matt, me and Matt were talking about when you're in something that you're unsure you, or maybe it was me and you, you and Matt, you chased the next milestone. Oh yes. Because that like puts like a, It gives you something to look forward To, forward to and focus on, to Distract from the problems and the relationships like yeah, but we're gonna get engaged and then everything's gonna get better.


They're gonna get married And let's focus on the wedding. Yeah. There's so, and then all the wedding, everything's good, Good. And then, right, let's start planning for the kid. And then once you got the kid we're like, oh we're gonna, and then there's all these distractions and you, these milestones and everything's good for a little bit. And then once you hit that, there's a come down and then you're like, well what the fuck is next? And you, you've seen those, those relationships with people. I think it's so beautiful when you said this to me the other day and I was like, emotional for you because I feel like we have so many things that we're just taught from a young age as women and no one really tells us, but by the way, you can do it completely different. You don't have to do that. We don't have to do what our moms did. And I feel like this is such a beautiful place in your life that you're in.


Like you are really, really in control right now and in tune with what you want. And thank God you listen to yourself when you were in something that would've been easy to move forward with, but difficult in the long run. It's like the short to term reward really. You have to think about the long term and now the fact that you're able to realize all these things about yourself. I'm just so happy for you and I really hope people listening can find their version of what you and I are both going through right now. 'cause I think we're both at a period where we're really having to look at ourselves and as women, we don't feel comfortable. Kinda Like silencing like the noise. Yeah. Being like in this moment, like what do I want?


What do I want? And if you don't know, that's your first step that you need to spend some more time alone, time with yourself. If you're in a relationship, that still means you should be spending alone time and checking in with yourself. But you guys, Laren and I this summer are aligned. We are. I'm on my, I am doing a huge fucking victory lap and enjoying my fucking time being a newlywed. And Laren is fucking single and she's going to have a good summer. And so the, I'm just celebrating myself. Yes. And so the two of us, I feel like it's this beautiful, gonna be a great fucking summer of us just like going, we have a lot of fun plans, you guys, we have so many fun plans that I, I don't wanna fully tell you about because it will be fun to roll like for you guys to roll out our social calendar.


To roll out our social calendar for you guys. But also more importantly, I think Laren and I will need to come back on this couch soon because there's a couple things that maybe you'll find out soon that couple announcements coming Yeah. That you and I haven't really ever, ever, ever talked about that I think will definitely catch people by surprise. Yeah. I think the Daddy Gang is gonna be like shocked but also like, like Oh, it all makes sense now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's all, all good things are coming this summer, but thank you for sharing all this and because I do really think like so much of what you are going through right now and always is like so relatable and I feel like a lot of people really appreciate whenever you come and sit down.


So thank you Laren. This was, this was a fucking wholesome mess episode. Yeah. Daddy Gang, we love you. Thank you so much for tuning in and I will see you fuckers. Next Wednesday. Goodbye.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast. To start your free trial today, call her daddies, brought to you by vire.


VRE gives members exclusive access to a designer closet so you can elevate your every day. You guys have seen this online. You guys have seen the girlies with these cute bags and one day they've got it, and the next they send it back and they get another one. VRE is a memberships only club to borrow designer and luxury accessories. Members can treat the VRE closet like their own, borrowing anything within their tier. Vire has no return dates, swap items monthly or keep items as long as you like. This is a great, great idea. If you're going on a trip, you need a cute outfit, boom. Hit up vre use code. Call Her Daddy to get to the top of the VRE wait list and 30% off your first four months of membership code. Call Her Daddy. Hurry up ladies.


You know that feeling when someone shows up for you just when you need it most. Yeah, I mean, we all need that. That's what Uber's all about, not just a ride or a dinner at your door. It's how Uber helps you show up for the moments that matter, because showing up can turn a tough day around or make a good one even better. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way, so you can be on yours, Uber, on our way,


Dear McDonald's, your breakfast menu, fire tens across the board. I could be happy with anything even though I ordered the same thing every time. Thanks for not judging me. I'll try something new. Next time. Maybe Score a two for $5. Deal on a sausage McMuffin with egg and more limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price. Ba ba, ba ba, ba.