
Sunday morning Fat. This cow Lynn Every Sunday's fat this day. What the fuck? That was pretty good, right Guys, I'm gonna be honest, I'm starting this episode almost horizontal, but it just feels right. I'm a little tired from tour. I'm just like a touring girl, you know what I mean? I might as well be Taylor Swifts. I'm just fucking kidding. But no, she's exhausted and I figured, you know what? I wanna do a little questions of the motherfucker, hold s of the mother.


I wanna do questions of the week because I feel like, I honestly feel like I just need to hang out with you guys, touch a little grass and talk a little shit. Tour has been amazing. I feel like God, I just feel like a fucking pop star. I'm not gonna lie, it's just been, I have these dancers that actually a couple of the dancers are Magic Mike Dancers and they literally do like shows in fucking Vegas and I'm just feeling like I'm living my Channing Tatum step up moment and I'm fucking loving it. The next couple shows that I am going to be doing are in Phoenix, Oakland, San Diego and LA and I am so fucking excited.


But you bitch needs to relax and this is what my relaxation looks like. So let's fucking talk about what's going on in your life. Let's talk about your trauma. Let's talk about what the fuck is happening and let's get to the bottom of the goddamn Daddy Gang disasters this


week. Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See Dealer for financing details. Exclusive SI and type R


Lowe's knows what makes Spring Fest savings even better. A member only Doorbuster deals right now rewards members can save $40 on an Allen and Roth Chesler Gold faucet was $99 now $59 plus save $110 on a Cobalt 40 volt battery trimmer and blower combo kit was 2 79. Now 1 69 Lowe's, we help you save valid through 3 24 while supplies last programs subject to terms and conditions. Details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent Lieb. Lnu is the perfect statement, bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


Let's fucking talk about what's going on in your life. Let's talk about your trauma. Let's talk about what the fuck is happening and let's get to the bottom of the goddamn Daddy Gang disasters this week. No one ever writes into me being like feeling good, living better. I'm like, okay, loving that for you guys. Story time. Get cozy bitches. Are we so fucking happy? It's like basically almost fall. It is kind of fall at this point. Yeah. Yeah, it's fall. Okay. Okay, here we go. Story time. I have a solid group of three girls from our college days. One of my friends dated this guy from our junior year to two years after college ended. They broke up 15 years ago. He wasn't great to her.


The toxic was very apparent back then. I'm recently single and her ex slid into my DMS and asked me out. I didn't say yes, but we ended up talking over Instagram and then via text slash phone. I met up with him just the other day for some food and a walk. No physical anything. He's very flirtatious and has made his interest in me clear. I feel really good during our time together. But when I discussed the experience with our mutual friend, they express a lot of confusion, anxiety, and frustration with me. They felt I was harming our mutual friend. I've asked a lot of pointed questions to this man about his interest in me and his past.


He took accountability for his actions, admitting he used to be controlling and insecure. He's in therapy now and has been for the last four years. I still feel like after three encounters of text call meetups, I should be honest with my friend that her ex reached out. She was shocked but super mature about it. She's married with two kids now. She also shared that this ex was pursuing her for 10 years after their breakup. Holy shit. Whoa. That is like literally the biggest compliment in the world. I wish my fucking exes were still trying to hit it after I was married. They're like, I know you're like good and all wrapped up, but I'm kind of still interested.


Can we fuck like obviously be a no, but like oh a little ego boost. Not gonna lie. Anyways, back to your story. She, okay, so she had shared for 10 years after it got to the point where she had to block him. This is getting better. While she was postpartum with her first newborn, Jesus Christ. He's obsessed with you. Not you but sorry your friend. Oh wait, okay. Because he was so persistent in not respecting her boundaries, his mom even reached out to her at one point asking if her son would ever have a chance with her again because she was the only person he would ever see himself happy with. This had me shook. This has major red flags and also I recognize that he's been in therapy for the fa past few years and has taken some accountability for his historical behavior.


Historical do you mean hysterical? I don't know. What are your thoughts? How do I approach this with him? Yeah, I think it's time to find a new dick. You know, like we say here on Call Her Daddy, there's so many penises. The penile are running rampant if anything in this country. Like there's so much fucking penis, there's so little time and I feel like someone like you, you don't have to wonder if you're second best. I'm envisioning that this man lowkey has has a corkboard and it's just pictures of this ex and I'm worrying for you like maybe, maybe check out his home. Actually don't. I was gonna say because I feel like he may have a shrine of shrudy, I don't know if that's your friend's name, but Shrudy, there's a shrine of shrudy and now I can't help but be, see I'm a little paranoid I've shared with you guys.


I'm kind of the girl that like goes to the hotel room and I'm like literally ordering an extra mattress to the room so I can board up the fucking walls and I'm gonna do anything and everything to like protect myself. And I feel like if I was in your position, I would feel like that he was literally using you to get to his former lover and your friend and you're kind of just almost like a pawn. And I don't like feeling like any Daddy Gang is a pawn. I do not like that for you. I do not feel like this is a good thing and I don't give a fuck that This man has been in therapy for four years. If I know anything about men, four years is four fucking minutes for men with this kind of drama.


Okay? If he is getting his mother in the past to call his ex-girlfriend after 10 years of being broken up and trying to get back with her, this is not someone that is in a good mental head space to reengage in activity with someone that is associating with that friend. Like there is no fucking doubt in my mind if he was still pawning after her for 10 fucking years, even when this motherfucking woman had a baby and is married happily and is like, please leave me alone. I'm blocking your ass. Oh my God, I almost just got chills. I was gonna say, I don't think it's a coincidence that he reached out to you. I think this is an angle, I think this is Bert's angle to get back with Shirley and he's using you hoping that it will make her fucking jealous.


And if anything, I'm impressed that your friend was kind of just like, Hey, like I don't have a problem with it. But if you want advice as like a friend, a friend, if you were just gonna pretend like he wasn't like basically serial stalking me for a while, probably not the vibe when someone's being this aggressive and this crazy and and stalking and, and someone is having to block someone and it's getting weird and then he has his family reaching out and the girl's like, please leave me alone. Like I don't see a world for you where number one, let's pretend this man even changed. I just worry for you. Like this is actually probably a me problem. My ego would not allow me to be with someone that was that insane to a friend of mine because I would constantly feel embarrassed and I would constantly feel like fuck.


Like this just isn't right. Like I feel like you deserve your own happy ending and you deserve your own person. And I feel like because of how obsessed he I think currently still is with your friend, I feel like this is a no go for you. I feel like you need to move on and I'm really sorry that you kind of got like caught up in the cross hairs, but my advice to you from a loving father's perspective is run literally run and get away from him. Because especially once you're that far outta college, like you don't have time for this, you don't have time to wonder like is he insane?


Did the four years of therapy like help or is he literally using me to get back with my friend because he wants to break up the marriage and he's so in love with her and he is really just using me so that he can like, I don't need it, I don't need it, I don't need the question marks. You will know if someone is right for you. And the fact that you're writing in this, this amount of detail about his obsession with another woman, I want my man to be so fucking obsessed with me. It's, it's sickening. Okay. And if he has any doubt in his mind and he's thinking about any other vagina and woman but me, it's gonna be a no. So I think this is a, I think this is a hard pass but I'm really sorry. Sorry. I don't mean to be joking. I just think it's like a little crazy that he was stalking her for 10 years to each their own.


But I don't think you should date someone that stalked one of your friends


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay. So I went on a trip with all of my girlfriends to Vermont where my best friend was getting married and we were all gonna figure out like, well where do we wanna stay? And oh, this place is too far away and if you stay there I won't really get ready with you. And then we decided on an Airbnb and it was the best decision of the weekend because we got this house, all of us stayed there, Matt came, my friends came, my friend brought her boyfriend and we all were able to feel like we were almost back in college where we were all in one space. We all got to make our coffee together, we got to eat breakfast together, we got to go on walks together, we got to have late night conversations after we went to the rehearsal dinner and the weddings. And it was just the best time because I feel like if you don't stay in an Airbnb, you're not gonna be as close. You're not gonna have those late night conversations. And we as girls, you know how much goes into those late night conversations. We also had a pool table which was so fun. The guys ended up playing while the girls were having wine in the living room in front of the fire just talking about all the things about life and dating and relationships. You know, a wedding makes you emotional. I told Matt in 2025, my goal is to stay in more Airbnbs wherever we go. If we're exploring a new city culture, learning a new language, traveling, wherever it be, Airbnb is where it's at. So you can really be fully, fully invested in your time and experience all the things that come with that environment. Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only the new city but a new space in the city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at a local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants Gang and if you wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where guest favorites might inspire you and may create a new tradition for you. So Daddy Gang, as you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. Want a big kitchen, a gym somewhere you can bring your dog. It's my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit, when you're working out, I don't know for you guys, but like I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to work out in and look great in everyday life. You need to check out their performance jogger part of re's dream knit collection. The performance jogger is great for stretching or lounging. It is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance jogger's, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out, I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends what are you putting up on top and then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay, so if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts or even just for lounge, Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her Daddy, that's VUOR i.com/ Call Her Daddy exclusions supply visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama but you know we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes guys, word on the street is that listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I'll know about you but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay, so kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay, sorry, who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem but I'm not gonna lie, I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay, I like being taken care of so thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


I've been noticing that at social events with my boyfriend. He often looks uncomfortable and often won't talk very much. I know he's a shy person but it just makes me feel like he's not trying sometimes I still really appreciate that he's showing up and I know it takes him a while to warm up to people, but I just wish that my friends and family got to see the goofy guy he is when it's just the two of us or when he's with people he knows really well. I know this sounds like I'm being hard on him but I just feel like I made a big effort and I'm really close with his family and friends and I feel like he's not there yet with mine. So sometimes it bothers me when he's quiet because I'm like how are you going to get more comfortable around them if you don't push yourself? Should I bring something up or give him more time? Thanks daddy. Oh that's fucking hard.


Let me put on my doctor fucking Cooper hat. Hold on. What would my mom say? There's a couple dynamics at play here and number one, I feel like the dynamic of merging into someone's life when you start dating them can be difficult and it can be extremely difficult if your friends and family don't maybe vibe with him as much as he would want to vibe with them. I think sometimes we are a little, just a little biased about our own lives. Like oh my god, my uncle Marty is hilarious. And then you bring like a new boyfriend in and you're like, they're like your uncle Marty's a fucking creepy dick.


And you're like, oh fuck, you're right. He's kinda weird. So my first point to you would be like, check that you family and friends are being loving to your partner. I'm not saying they're not. I'm just saying sometimes I fucking see it with my friends and I'm like whoa. Like yeah your dad is like being a fucking creep. Like I, I think it's just like an obvious like first check like why is he not feeling too comfortable? The second point I would make is when you do introduce a partner to your family and friends, I have seen and I have been with partners that have done this before that it's like peace when you enter the event and you're flying high, you're like, I'm like a bird.


And you're just walking around having the time of your life. There are people that need some handholding in new social introductions and I completely understand that. And so if you're feeling like he's not opening up, maybe you need to like just like maybe make sure he feels a little bit more comfortable at these events. Like are you completely disappearing and you got Josh in the corner just fucking sipping the sangria hoping that your nana engages in conversation with him. Like I don't think he's feeling maybe there's a chance he's not feeling like he has the ability to bring out that goofiness 'cause no one's really looking for it and he doesn't really feel like he's gonna like get his freak on and and he's not feeling too cozy.


The good thing that you're telling me is he has this side to himself. So it's one thing if you're like, I'm just fucking bored. I've got a boring ass boyfriend that fucking is in the corner just like eating his boogers and doing nothing. Yeah. Then I'd be like, that's just not your vibe. You're not into those like shy mystery booger boys. You're into more of that like loud energy. Totally. But he literally has that goofy fun side to him and he's not bringing it out. So that's a good sign. My only other problem if now I'm now on your side more than his side, so fuck the hand holding all that. I do think you could have a conversation with him. I think it can be such a loving conversation because who knows, maybe he like is feeling something and and he's just hasn't said it to you.


So like open the fucking conversation up. That's literally what I tell you guys every fucking time, whenever I'm having a problem with anyone in my entire life, just open the conversation up. You know what I mean? And I think what you could say is, babe, I was dying laughing the other night with you. I was like my fucking stomach hurt. Like just from like a again complimentary sandwich. It's the only way to get her done. Boom. Compliment this motherfucker about how you love his goofiness. Goofy, goofy, goofy, goofy. Greg, I love you, you little stinker. That was so funny. And you know what I realized is I feel like whenever we're with my family it makes me sad because why I am so in love with you is how fucking funny you are.


And I wanted to just like talk to you about whenever we do go around my family and my friends, like I want you to feel like you can be a hundred percent yourself and I totally get, it can be intimidating to like integrate and whatever and you're always so lovely. But like I want you to like let loose and like have fun and, and I wanna just like check in with you like how do you feel about like my family and friends because I know they really like you And if he gets defensive, I think maybe it's just like a, he takes a long time to get out of his shell and you can like rest assured like slowly hopefully this will change. But maybe he will say like, yeah 'cause your mom came up to me and said X and that's why I've always felt weird or Oh yeah your friend always hits on me.


You never know but open up Pandora's box. I always wanna know what's inside. It's always fun no matter what you're gonna get some type of answer and then at least you'll have more of the ability to understand why goofy Greg ain't being so goofy around Nana and Aunt Gertrude. I wanna see him get freaky and I know you do so let's open the conversation up for him to really let his freak flag fly. But some people just take a fucking long time to open up, you know, and some people don't. And can I say one thing though? I think this is better. I think this is better than having a partner that's like What's the mother fuck as And he's like hitting your dad in the arm and he's like, yeah like pour me that vodka and you're literally like, you are too comfortable Johnny reel it back, back it up like a mack truck.


You fucking creep. My grandma doesn't know you like that to make a fucking comment about her thigh highs whose grandma wears thigh highs. Anyways, you get my point. I think it's better to have a lad that's gonna like ease in rather than is just like boom, I'm fucking here. It's a little off-putting when someone feels a little too fucking comfortable in a room that's like not really their room to own. So be grateful that, what's your boyfriend's name? What did I say? It's not Johnny Greg. Be grateful that Greg kind of has this demeanor where like you know his goofy side and isn't it kind of cute that like boom you get a side to him that no one does. I don't know play a fucking family game that really like incorporates that humor and see if Greg comes to life, maybe Greg likes to just give his girl that one.


And only in the scheme of this question versus the last question, you're in a good position. He loves you, he's there, he's showing up and that's all you can fucking ask for and it'll work itself out. Sorry I'm in a weird mood. I don't know what's happening. I think I'm sleep deprived. Okay, let's go to the next fucking question.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn For the worst?


The director of Happy death day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing details. Exclude civic SI and type R.


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best the phileo fish And you, you can have them too And you can have it all at two for $6 like a filet O fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries. Limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Okay, batter up. Let's see, I kind of like, is that fucked up to rank questions of like so far the first question is you, you are in the doghouse The most Second question Greg, you are fine now let's see what's going on. Okay, so I'm 25 and I've been with my boyfriend for about four years now and he drunkenly admitted a few weeks ago that he was saving up to propose. However, I was shocked because our relationship has been going through a rough patch. I thought we were close to breaking up. We haven't been intimate for months. We literally became roommates to the point that I moved out because we wanted to give each other space and spice things up a bit. But it only got worse. We weren't on the same page about anything and during arguments it got pretty nasty.


The time away from him actually made me realize that I do not want to be in a relationship with anyone even though we both really love each other and clearly I know I'm his world and us breaking up would break the hearts of the people around us The most. Well that's your first problem. It would break the the hearts of the people around you The most. Not you. Should I continue? No, I'll keep going but that that is your answer. But I'll keep going. We both don't want to admit it but we see each other as friends. Feels like we're forcing something that's not there anymore. I want to be alone for a while and focus on myself. Am I being too selfish? No. Should I just suck it up and try to work things out? Bitch what?


You're fucking with me Sometimes I always wonder is daddy king just like at work typing up a little so sweet, nothing to just get me riled up. Yeah, this is gonna be a no for me dog. I refuse to let you just suck it up. I feel like an engagement, you shouldn't have to suck up. It really shouldn't go down that way. And I'm sorry that you're feeling this way. Lemme just say this, I'm gonna be real for a minute. It fucking sucks when you're thinking about ending a relationship because you're right, there is more to a relationship than just the people that are the two people in the relationship. When you have been in a relationship for a long time with someone, you inevitably will become close with their family, with their friends, and it is a whole fucking shit storm to untangle when you get outta the relationship.


But let me just say this to every single person listening 'cause I think it's very important. All of the family members, all of the friends, this is not their relationship. And as heartbroken as they'll be for about maybe a week if that's actually pushing it, maybe a couple days pushing it, maybe like a fucking, the minute that they hear it, this is what's gonna happen. They hear you guys broke up. No, we loved your relationship. Oh my God. Like Donald Trump almost just got assassinated and got shot in the ear. They forgot about you. They literally forgot about you guys breaking up. They're moving on, they're eating their spinach chip, they're watching the news, they're like, whoa, that was good.


Oh my god, this, they literally don't care. No one actually fucking cares about your relationship because they're not living in it. They can have an opinion, they can have a strong opinion. They can even love you as a person. They can be like, God, that would've been a fucking amazing sister-in-law. Sure, but guess what? His dad's not fucking you. I hope. I hope. Well, I hope, I hope for your sake, you're not fucking his father. I hope that you're not fucking his dad and his dad is. You know what I'm saying? It's like I think we get a little too people pleasing when we come to the brink of wanting to break up with someone and we think about everyone else's feelings but our own. No one gives a fuck if you break up with the person, they are going to be upset for a moment.


But guess what? They have their own marriages, they have their own fucking lives. And if they knew that you were not happy, they'd be like, well then fucking leave. Wait what? We liked you guys 'cause we thought you were happy and we thought you were a cute couple. If you guys are unhappy, we don't want you two to be unhappy together. You know what I mean? So it's like every single Daddy Gang member, this is your PSA. If you're staying in a relationship because you are closer with his family or you are close with his family and you are or he, your family is close with their family and you're heartbroken, heartbroken to break the news to those people. I'm gonna give you a little tip, they're gonna be fine. They sadly don't care as much as you think they care.


And I know that is really hard to hear, but I've had too many friends go through this. They, it's like it's gonna be okay. They're, they're gonna move on. You need to fucking be selfish. If you are feeling like you are in a friendship with your partner, that is what you need to focus on. It is two people in a fucking relationship. Okay? Stop fucking thinking about your mother-in-law. Stop thinking about your fucking, but I love his sister. She's Sona. Okay, well guess what? You'll find new fucking friends and maybe one day you guys can become friends again. But you can't stay in something to appease a bunch of other fucking people. 'cause guess what? They're not doing that in their life. They're gonna be happy. They're gonna be picking people they love and then everyone is fucking in love and happy.


And then what? You have to go to bed with this person at night. You have to fucking potentially start a family with this person. It's, it is the two of you. So cut the shit on. Well we have such fun thanksgiving together. I don't give a fuck the stuffings in every fucking household. Every year you're gonna find a new stuffing mate. You need to figure out if you're actually happy with this person and fuck the family, okay? Because guess what? You know it's true fucking love when your partner fucking hates your family or you fucking hate their family but you're in it anyways. 'cause you're like, I love this fucking person so much and his mom is such a fucking cunt. But I know I love him because I'm willing to deal with his motherfucking cunt of a mother. That's when you know it's real love. Don't let yourself get blindsided by a good family set up.


It's okay. And let me also empathize for five seconds. I do understand if you are maybe coming from a position where you don't have as good of a relationship with your family and so you found a family within your boyfriend or your girlfriend's family, I to be real for a minute, like I so fucking get how having a relationship with a family and having this family feel can be so intoxicating and can be so beautiful. I promise you Daddy Gang, that is not a reason to stay in a relationship. It is an absolute positive. It is a check in that person's box that they have a great fucking family. But you will find that somewhere else. You will find your family in your partner and it's amazing if they have the additives, but the additives are not the people that are there for you in the long run.


It is you and your partner at the end of the day in that fucking bed together. When you're going through the hard stuff, when you're going through hell shit, when you're going through financial shit, when you're going through your kid's got a fucking problem. It's the two of you. My advice on this situation is you have your answer. You know that the family will be more upset. You moved out for a reason. You know you love this person more than anything. And I'm not saying it's fucking easy to end a relationship with someone that you love so deeply and you have these ties to, but you have to be fucking selfish. And you have to understand that even though he said that he was going to propose my opinion and my advice to you is this is the moment that you end it. This is a perfect opportunity and not in like a sick, me being in a goofy mood right now.


I actually am gonna take the jokes out and this is what I would do. You sit this person down and you say, I know that we were drinking the other night. And obviously I think we need to talk about what was said because you brought up to me how you were planning on proposing. And I want you to know that like I have so much love for you and I love you so much and we've been together for so long and this relationship has changed me in ways that I will truly like always, always, always be so grateful to you for.


But we both know we have not been good. We have not been good for a long time and we have worked so fucking hard to get back to a good place. I moved out. We have not been able to physically connect as much as we used to. We have been fighting, we have been trying. And it, it is so hard because we've been trying for so fucking long that I think in moments it's brought us closer because when you do rebound from a fight, you can feel like you're winning and you're making progress. But really you're kind of just getting back to like the equilibrium and you're getting back to like normalcy. And I think you can say we have tried so long and I think when I heard you talk about the proposal, I'm gonna be honest, it made me realize that I know that's not what we we want and I know that's what we wanted at one point.


And so it's heartbreaking to admit it, but I think we both know like this isn't right. And I think that it's a natural moment to look at ourselves if we're not gonna do that, that the biggest next step in our life, which would be the natural next step. I think we both know that as hard as it's gonna be to untangle our lives and our families and all of it, and I love you so much, I truly know that's so fucking backwards to be like I love you. But there is more to just loving someone and I feel like we've become friends and I think we both know that in the long run we're not meant to get married. And so I love you and I think that this is kind of like we have our answer.


Oh my God, this is getting so sad. I feel like I'm doing the breaking up for you. But do you know what I mean? Like this is what I will give you guys advice on in as like kind of my like closing statement that I have realized it as I've like had more life experiences is when something happens in a friendship or a relationship or a family dynamic and someone makes like a bold statement at some point that you're like thrown off by, whether it's someone like this proposing to you or your family member makes an inappropriate comment at the dinner table and you can't stop thinking about it or a friend makes a weird remark, a lot of times that thing is going to catapult you to think about like what you, What is upsetting you, right?


And I think what you need to do is not let those like weird moments bypass and you don't have to confront it in the moment. But my advice to you always is like always have a follow-up conversation and use what they did or they said not against them, but as the starting point for the awkward conversation to open up the larger conversation. Because I am so aware, like I used to be so bad at confrontation and I'm still not where I want to be, but I've definitely gotten better and something my therapist has helped me with is like how to engage in that conversation with this one family member would be, you mentioned this last, so why don't you go to them and say, Hey, I was thinking about when you referenced this in our conversation and I wanna have a follow up on that because I've now had time to think about it and IX, Y, Z.


So do you see what I'm saying? It's like he did this big moment where he was gonna pro, like he said, he admitted he was gonna propose. Use that now as your way into the awkward conversation. Hey, I was thinking about what you said the other night and we really need to have a conversation. Like I think we both know that, you know what I mean? Like imagine your friend drunkenly is crying and saying like, you are never there for me. Like you're the worst friend. Like you're blah blah blah. And like said some crazy shit. It's really hard to like know how to react in a moment. So my also, my other advice is like when people are saying really pointed shit, they've been thinking about it and they are saying it, so let them say it and you don't need to respond, but use that as the way into your follow up and saying, Hey, I thought about it the other night and I know you were drunk and you brought up our friendship.


But it got me thinking a lot about like, is that how you feel about me? But then I was also thinking like, how do I feel about our friendship, right? And I feel like lately and then you go into it. So that's just like a little like piece of advice for any of my like people pleasing or like non-confrontational Daddy Gang. Like there are ways to help yourself start a conversation by just using something that they have brought up, not against them and not to like hold over their head. It's actually just a way in to be like, I've been thinking about this 'cause I get it so awkward. You're sitting at coffee and you're like, so let's talk about our friendship. And they're like, fuck bitch. Or you're like, I don't wanna marry you. And he is like, huh?


Like you just use it as the ease in this is a casual conversation. You've been talking about it now I wanna keep talking about it. I think there's a lot of people probably listening to this right now that are in that predicament of, Is He the One? Is he the person? And I think that when you get to a certain place in your life, in your twenties and your thirties, I feel like every fucking other person listening to this podcast is at that point in their life, you could be even fucking married in dealing with this right now. Is He the One, did I make the wrong mistake? Am I engaged? Did I, you know what I mean? You have to take care of yourself. And if you find yourself worrying about, well, will he be okay if I leave? Or will the family be this or will this rupture our friend group?


Or am I gonna be lonely? If you're thinking of all the other ancillary like details around the relationship, other than is this the love of my life and am I happy? You kind of have your answer because everything else can get fixed and solved if you stay. Like I said, who gives a fuck if the in-laws are crazy if you leave, it's okay. Like that's not your family or that wasn't meant to be you. Don't stay in something because it's gonna make other people fucking happy. Are you happy? Are you fulfilled? Do you feel like this is it for you? Is this the right decision for you? And if the answer is a maybe it is a no, I'm sorry to crack the motherfucking hammer, but we don't have time Daddy Gang, because it's not time as in oh we're women and we're getting older.


No, no, you don't have time because when you have that gut feeling, there is something already out there waiting for you that is better. And I'm not saying, I'm not putting the person that you're sitting across from and you're in a relationship with down. I'm actually saying that compatibility, it's time to fucking keep it moving. You're gonna find someone that makes you fucking really happy and fulfilled. And I'm telling you this because I have been there and I was talking about this with my friend the other day. I was in love, of course I was in love with someone before I met Matt. I have been in love before Matt, but there's so much more that goes into a relationship than just love, right? And so you have the ability to start over. And I know that sounds hard and I can do an entire episode on this, but the first answer is within you, which is, you know, it's not the right decision and there's no easy way to end something.


But the faster that you end something, the sooner that you can begin the next phase of your life. And so yeah, I love you and I'm really sorry and I, and I know it's never easy, but I know you are strong and you are going to get through this and lean on your family, lean on your friends and make the right decision for you because it's also then the right decision for them. Who the fuck would wanna be in a relationship with someone that doesn't wanna be in a relationship with them? It doesn't want to get, you know what I mean? Like you got this, okay, Daddy Gang, I love you all so much. I am. I'm gonna go crack open a little alcohol, maybe dip my toe in the jacuzzi, soak off my spray tan so I can get another one. And honestly, have a great fucking night.


I hope you all are having a fabulous Sunday. Sunday is the Lord's Day, it's also Father's Day. So thank you so much for tuning in. I cannot wait to see the rest of you on tour, you guys, the guests are just going to keep getting fucking crazier. I have been having the time of my life and I'm not gonna lie, I fucking love it up there. You guys screaming, us drinking together, us partying. I saw a couple tits the other night. I was fucking thriving. I was peeking. I'm kind of happy that my parents weren't in the crowd for the other night because I was like, I saw a lot of nipples and I don't need that awkwardness with my family. I love you guys. Keep showing me your tits. Have fun and I will see you guys for the Daddy Gang that can't make it to tour.


I will see you fuckers on Wednesday. And for the Daddy Gang that I will see in San Diego Oak and Los Angeles Phoenix. Bitches get fucking ready. It's only gonna get weirder. Love you. Bye.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun, but these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the philo fish. And you, you can have them too And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece, big nuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.