
Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun, but these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the phileo fish. And you, you can have them too And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a phileo fish, big Mac, 10 piece, big nuggets or large fries. Limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy, daddy. Okay. Jackie Shimmel. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Oh, are we on? We're on. Oh fuck Yeah. Okay. Sorry. I figured we have Henry Leo. Can you maybe come into the Richard Richard? Oh my God. Richard, come here. Look at it. Treats. Wait, look at his body. I It, it baffles me. He's so low to the ground. It's crazy. Look At his body type. Like how do you explain his body type? Can I get you in camera? Would say Come here Leo, get your ass over here. Come here. Come here baby bitch. I would say that he is reverse pear shaped un his father is pear shaped and he's reverse pear shaped.


Are you talking about his father is in your husband? Yes, Andrew. Andrew is pear shaped. He's a hundred percent pear shaped. He should know I dated a guy that was pear-shaped once. It's not bad. I don't love the shafing element. And speaking of Shafing, I'm wearing burlap pants. It's a hundred degrees. I feel like I have a white woman's like cocktail reception in my vagina. They look great. Burlap. They look great. Itchy in the wrong places. So You're a fellow podcaster. Yeah. And I was thinking about this, someone I asked people to write in, like, what do you guys want us to talk about? Oh God. And people were like, how are you guys friends? And I'm like, how do we, that's Rude. Yeah, No, no.


How are you guys? Like how did you guys become friends? Oh, they're like, no, they're not. Like, how the fuck are the two of you friends? I'm like, it kind of makes a lot of Sense. You guys don't get it. Like we're kind of similar at all. No. Yeah. And I was like, how, how did we become friends? Okay. I totally know how this happened. Tell us also, I love that I'm drinking iced coffee. I never do this before, but I figured I'm so comfortable with you that if I need to shit my pants during the interview good. Because I, I have A full gallon of matcha and I probably will Shit. But you won't know 'cause I'm wearing burlap pants. What are burlap pants? You know Like when you go to like a sad live laugh love wedding And they have like those burlap table cloths at the cocktail hour. Yeah. Yeah. You're wearing them right? Oh the oh yeah.


Like I get that. That looks like beach house vibes. Actually. They're Gucci fuck off. I actually love when you're wearing designer but they're, you have to clarify their designer because they don't I know it's sad They don't appear designer. No, They Really don't. No they do. They do. They're like itchy and like, like they, you Need to pull this down. I need to see your face. You look great today. Yeah, yeah, yeah I do. Don't you podcast for a living? Yeah, but I don't do video. Oh That is by clearing. I'll say one of my, I concise design honey. I'll say that's one of my least favorite things about doing video is I've had to start putting like makeup on. Like A little tinted moist. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Even for a solo. Those are, I'm definitely, I look worse. What's going on with the flowers in here?


Didn't, it's So bad. Like what's happening? What is this? Let me Just be so clear. Why Are they so erect? No. Okay. Speaking of Midwest cocktail hour. Okay, Let me be so clear. Marrying your cousin. What is going on? Okay, you know what? This is a good conversation to start off with. Yeah. My set. I started with like a vision. What Was that vision? Can we just get some like hot pink orchids? Okay. Aren't you rich? No. Here's the issue. We start, I started with the vision of like big cozy, comfy chairs. What Is, what is that Turquoise vase. This Is color Collared daddy. Those like TURs type balls.


It's like an urn. It's like a sad low bud Shiva in here. What is going on? Okay, lemme explain to you. Oh, sorry. I'm so happy someone calls out. 'cause every time someone comes in here they're like, it's so cute in here. I'm like, it looks like a grandmother's room. No, I like this. You like this? I don't understand what's happening with your floral concept. Oh Richard, it's okay. It's anxiety. It's okay. It's okay. Richard. Wait. Richard is having a panic attack and Henry is like, get the fuck away from me. Are you okay? Are you about to?


Is he okay? He's fine. We just need a break, Leo. Okay. It's anxiety. Do you wanna hold him? No, he's fine. It's okay. Richard, Don't fucking embarrass you. I love how Henry has like zero. Give a fuck. Okay, we're swerving. Am I allowed to put my feet on here please? It's fine. Thank God I'm so, we're gonna get rid of these chairs anyways. Okay, good. So when I designed this room, I really had a vision where I, I had a vision where the chairs, I think we need to take your dog to The Fed. No, he does this all the time. It literally is like he gets overwhelmed. We went to The Bahamas a couple years ago and he was in such emotional distress that we left him, that he had like a whole anxiety condition. We almost put him on Prozac.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Rone. The best life is a life in motion. Daddy Gang. I feel my best when I have a full to-do list and a calendar and my life organized. And I feel like it gives me purpose and I feel invigorated each day knowing what I'm gonna do. And Rowan crafts clothes for balancing ambition with breathable, flexible, and resilient fabrics. You can stay confident, comfortable, and focused no matter where your journey takes you. The Revive Collection was designed to feel effortless while performing relentlessly. Every piece supports your pursuit of balance to stay focused on what matters most. But balance requires intention. Dream Glow is purposefully designed to support moments of recalibration and self-reflection. Each piece empowers you to embrace stillness without sacrificing a thing. Whether you're taking time to recharge or preparing for what's to come. You guys know me. I need to feel comfortable and cozy. And when you look at Ronan's collection, the softness of the Revive Collection, in my opinion, is something that needs to be a standard when you're putting on clothes. The Dream Glow Collection also allows you to feel super comfortable and to also relax and enjoy your time. Ronan is performance apparel fit for progress. Use code. Call Her Daddy to save 20% at rone.com/ Call Her Daddy. That's RHON e.com/ Call Her Daddy with code. Call Her Daddy at checkout.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you. They will dine you like you have never had before. Okay, so kick your old boyfriends to the Gerb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays. Where? T-Mobile Thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay, I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


How the fuck are we friends? How do we become friends? Okay, you know what's so funny? I don't even know if you remember this. We met during the pandemic in person and we had DMed a couple times. Now I, I didn't know who you were, but I knew that you and your ex partner had this show I had heard of Call Her Daddy. And then you had DMed me a couple times I think. Or maybe maybe your ex-partner had DMed me a couple times and I ignored them because I'm a lovely person. And then somehow during the pandemic, I think we started talking on Instagram. Yes. And following each other. And then like so annoying Met up, became like internet friends and then did a podcast Swap.


I will never forget how bad that podcast was. You didn't know what a swap Was. I had no idea. I'll never do it again. It was so at who's calling me? This is so unprofessional. I mean you would never do this with Hailey Bieber. I would've my phone in the different room. Meanwhile I'm like, hold on, let check that she would have Fresh florals. The urns would be put away. This is some bullshit. You Know what? No you're right. That's how we became friends first we started as podcast friends. Yep. And then after we podcasted I remember we were like, huh. And we like each other. Yeah. And then we had the connection where, you know my boyfriend Yes. Through childhood. Yes. And it's like a whole thing. Right? So it ended up working out and then like family, friends and stuff. A Hundred percent. But you know, as a podcaster you meet a lot of fucking people.


I don't fuck with that many people. Mm. I really don't. And You keep coming back around to me. I Yeah, I like you. I don't know what's wrong with me. I Appreciate you coming on because I'm desperate for a guest right now. We're on the holidays. We can't anyone, Don't you even look me in the eye and say desperate for a guest or I will shank you in the backyard. Desperate for a guest. Alex Cooper, Jackie you are like low. I don't have guests. No. You know what that's, I wanted to say to anyone that is new. You have balls. No, you've got a big vagina. Massive. Massive. And don't you always talk about how you have to put like multiple Tampons. Yeah, but you know what?


Here's the thing and if there's one thing that I want to say on Call Her Daddy today is that my vagina is not wide. It is shallow. So for a long, I have a very shallow vagina and I'm a woman of extreme efficiency. So like I don't understand light girlies. Like you go to fucking CVS and you're getting tampon lights. We already have to deal with the pink tax. Now I'm having my Gloria Steinem moment and get ready for it. Go. Oh, we love it. We already have to pay the pink tax. All boxes of tampons are the same price. Okay. So why would you go light when you can go ultra? Just from a fiscal standpoint?


We do buy The ultras. Fuck yeah. I'll, I have fit two ultras inside of me, side by side, like fighter pilot jets, like fucking Top Gun. One time I bought, I thought I was buying super and I realized I bought Super Plus and I was like, oh this is like in the big leagues. I didn't even know there was ultra. I can raw dog ultras. And you think about it, okay, you're either like changing lights every 20 minutes or you ultra that shit. You're ready to rumble. You could fly to fucking Abu Dhabi. Have you ever Bled through an ultra? Fuck yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's good. Oh yeah. Like came out of me slid down the mountain.


Isn't That the worst when you have a tampon and you can feel it's, it's coming out. There Is, let me tell you something. I was coming back from Paris okay. A few months ago. And I had Antron because I'm, you know, a feminist and I was going through customs and I thought I was good to go 'cause I did like a mid-flight switcheroo. And thank God I was wearing a jogger pant with an elastic ankle because something happened during customs where I was like, she is, she has left my body. And it fell out and it was just pooling at my ankle. Sorry, I know her throat's closing out. No, this is really disgusting.


Are you saying that your ultra tampon popped out of your vagina and slipped slow And steady like a ski toboggan just slid and I was like, I was trying to like, like tilt my pelvic floor and like kegel it back in. But it had the, it, the ultra had left the band And so it's sitting at the bottom of essentially the elastic pocket. Yeah. Of your jogger. Yeah. And what did you do? 'cause customs, there ain't no moving. You're in That. Well like I said, thank God I had an elastic ankle and I just moved low and slow. Like I was just like, were You with your husband? No, I was alone. Which is kind of unfortunate 'cause I would've loved to like have that experience together. I actually agree with you when something like funny or embarrassing or just like out of body is happening when you're alone, it can be even worse slash funnier because you're like, you're going through the internal self dialogue of like, what do I do?


What do I do? It would 10 times better. Like if This shit pops out, Where are we going? What am I gonna do? Where are we Going from here? Do I just like turn a blind eye and like keep on moving with my fucking passport? Or do I pick it up like, I don't know. And I almost wanted to like tell people in the line 'cause I thought it was so hilarious. I have never, I will say to anyone listening, if you're having like a bad day, just think that you've never had an ultra slip out of your and all. It's like a Twin mattress. Come outta your vagina. Yeah. And slip down your leg. When did you take it out? Oh, I went, I like, well I didn't run because I, I couldn't run. But I did a very slow stroll to the bathroom and yeah.


I want you to like take me through iterations of yourself through life. So like start at like young Jackie? No, no. Okay. Barbara Walter. No, no, no, no. But like, do you know what I'm saying? Like bring me back to young Jackie and walk us through so people can really get to know like who you are and the evolution of you. I am serious embarrassed to say that my evolution has been pretty non evolutionized. Like I have been like kind of the same my whole life. It was just about what I was able to get away with. You know, because like when you do have adhesive headgear and gingivitis and you're like, like things aren't landing the same way when you're in seventh grade as when you're 32.


You know what I mean? Like yes. It's, it's taken years for me to like fully be like all caps myself in public. But as a kid I was super obnoxious. I was annoying as fuck. I hated socializing. But like I did the thing 'cause I didn't wanna be a loser, but I was always like, I loved like doing like characters and I was always like doing bits and I was like just annoying as fuck. Like my parents were like literally go play on the freeway. Like that was like a, like I wasn't allowed to be in the house. Which is interesting 'cause now I have this like weird thing where I can't be home from 10 to four. Like I have to be out of the house 'cause I have like this weird like nail energy about it and I just don't like festering at home.


It makes me feel like a loser. Where Do you go Anywhere and I'll sit in parking lots. I don't care. I do not like being home. Wait, What? It's the weirdest thing We, okay. So can you, So as a kid my parents were like, get the fuck outta the house And you would just go, Oh, I would, I mean self amusement is truly like the rhythm of my dance floor. Like I love being alone. I love being untethered. I like doing weird shit. I don't care. I never have cared if other people get it or think it's funny. Yeah. It like you just said. Yeah. It makes it funnier when nobody else understands what's going on. It's so true. Someone dmd me, I, I posted something the other day where I was like, it's not that revolutionary.


Like I'm just alone a lot. Someone messaged me like I love how like you and Jackie always make me feel better because you guys are just always alone. Yeah. And like doing shit alone and you guys feel so comfortable alone. And I'm like, why would I wanna be with anyone else? You have a husband, I have a partner. I'm like why would I ever wanna be with anyone else? I feel like The most myself when and like comfortable. And yes I do have like slight OCD tendencies as diagnosed by a licensed professional. But I feel like so alive and present when I'm by myself. I do too. I don't feel like I gotta start tap dancing in. Yeah. You know? Yes. Yes. And I'm happier. Me too. Okay. Bye bye. Bye Guys.


Gotta go. No, I appreciate that. Can you explain what gingivitis is and also Sure. Did you have to publicly wear an a adhesive headgear? No. Only, no, no, no I didn't. But like sleepovers weren't a thing. I did have like those rubber vans that like really? And unfortunately I've always loved a mixed metal. So I would go like gold, silver, like brackets, like on my braces. Okay, so you had Gingivitis is a condition, a dental medical condition in which you have hypersensitive inflamed gums. So I had an allergy to the cement on the braces, you know, so my gums like I had no teeth.


It was just gum and metal. And then I would have to get my braces off every month. Which is why I had them for almost five years because I needed to let the gums breathe. Yeah. And they would just bleed constantly. I just always, I mean bleeding outta my vagina, bleeding outta my gums. It's a, it's a Whole thing. Why do I feel like that made you, this is so insulting. Why do I feel like that made you a mouth breather? May am I a mouth breath? I probably am. No, I feel like back in the day, oh back in the day you would be a mouth breather 'cause like Oh yeah, there was so many fluids and I always had a roll on lip gloss to boot so it was so shiny and so like I was, it was a lot.


Okay, so you were a mouth breather. Yeah. You had gingivitis. You had a headgear. But I was like in on it and I was also hugged a lot as a kid. So I was like, I would come home like if I ever had like any type of insecurity or like, or that and you know like in middle school I wasn't super cute but I had, I really like leaned in. You got it. You got the joke. You know what I mean? I was like whatever. I'm like who wants to be hot in middle school? How embarrassing. That's something where I remember where people were trying to expose me for my younger photos. And at first like, 'cause I had like not gone through therapy about it. I was like, I was so ugly. Like I was so awkward and I was like, I felt like I was doing whack-a-mole to like try to get people to not know what I looked like. And then I was like, how incredible to know that I didn't fucking peek in middle school.


You dumb bitches. Like exactly how great, how great. Okay. It's so not that big of a deal. And it's like why when you see people's middle school photos, most of the people, this is so fucked up. Sorry. But most of the people that were like, Don't apologize to me, Cooper. Okay. Most of the people Yeah. That were like the hot chicks in middle school are now addicted to like meth. Yes. Okay. It didn't go well. Exactly. And I think, listen, if you're listening and you are a beauty queen since day one, well I fuck You. Yeah, Yeah. I was gonna say we, you know, we, yeah. Fuck you. And also like I, even now, I don't really think, I don't put like a lot of weight on how I look. Like that's not where I get self-esteem at all.


Talk about that. I don't know. I mean I think that like I've, I'm lucky that I had a good childhood and I've always felt pretty secure ish. And I just have never like thought that that was a sustainable way to get self-esteem. Like Yeah. I just don't think that's like the thing that people should aspire to get attention for. I agree. I think Mean granted I'm gorgeous. You're like, don't get it wrong. Like I just want you to know if you're not watching the video, I also happen to be super cute. If you're listening to this quickly, just tune in. You will swerve off the road. If you see this beauty sitting across from you, you'll Get a boner that will go through your windshield.


However, no I, I have met like some of The most beautiful people in the world Yeah. That I think are fucking busted because they're so boring. And especially nowadays. Yeah. In 2022, I think we really need to prioritize like some fucking personality and opinions. 'cause I'm bored with everybody on the fucking internet. Agree. I agree. It's called shelf life. Have fun. When I was doing research for this, which was minimal, I wrote down something that I thought was interesting and I was like, I, I thought I knew you. Okay. And apparently I don't know you at all. Okay. And I was like, I think Jackie Shimmel is subtly a version of Anna Delve.


Okay. Okay. And then it really clicked because I was like, this bitch bought her fucking art. They're in on this together. You faked a college diploma from UCLA to get a job. Yeah. Can you please confirm and clarify? And first of all that just wanna be clear, I wasn't like going onto Jackie's shit trying to find out if she's been arrested. It's like on your website you're like, yeah, I faked my college diploma, blah blah. Yeah. So first of all, did you ever attend UCLA? No. Okay. But I lived in off-campus housing. Like I somehow was able, it was a different time I was able to get to the UCLA like roommate housing site. What? Yeah.


And I lived with all UCLA students. Like in an off campus like housing. Okay, establishment, I need you. I think when I was reading about that I was like okay, I have cheated on tests, duh. Of course who hasn't? And I've gone to extreme lengths of like cheating and I got caught a couple times. But I feel like it takes a certain level of like sick, like no fear of consequences. Yes. To fake and to give someone a resume that you're applying for a job and be like, I went to UCLA. Here you go. Yeah. How did you come up with this? How did you make it happen? And are you good at Photoshop? You know what I, Photoshop didn't exist back then, but I did have the paint app.


Humble Bragg. So you created a fake diploma from UCLA? I had gone to community college for literally one day. Couldn't have been like less interested. I was like, this is terrible. I graduated high school with a 1.8 GPA what? Humble Bragg. Wow. It's like my favorite thing to drop in. Wait, really? Literally. Yeah. Just no interest in school? None. None. No drive. No. No concern that like you wouldn't get a job? No, I wasn't like thinking that far ahead. I kind of just figured like I'll just like get in there and like, you know, whatever. The confidence Delusion. The Fact that you were like one point whatever the fuck GPA. How do you even also even get that?


It's actually quite an accomplishment. You basically have to fail everything. It's like straight D's And Did It's like D'S and C's. Yeah. Through for four Years. So then you go to community colleges for one day, for One day. Could not be bothered. I was like, this is not my fucking journey. So I actually lied to my parents for like a year and said that I was going to college and I doctored. That's how I got my paint app. Photoshop skills. I was faking report cards. And my parents were like very hands off. They trusted me way too much. Like they like weren't asking questions. They weren't like, how was like, they just didn't ask about It. What the fuck were you doing during this time? You know, there was this amazing cheese shop downtown.


What I was cooking. I was eating, I was drinking boxed wine, I was like going on walks. I was, I, I don't know what the fuck. You didn't even have a job? No. And then eventually I, while I was lying to my parents, I got an internship. Got it. So then I, and then lied to them and said I was graduating college but I was only a sophomore. And then they offered me a job and that just kind of started kick, started my fraudulent life. And then you literally just started giving people saying you went to UCLA. How? I'm interested to know 'cause I think when you start a lie, it can tumble, tumble, tumble. Yeah. How far did you, were you buying like Bruins, UCLA gear? Like woo, go Bruins?


Like what? Like woo. Well I only was lying to like human resources or like people like super high up that I wasn't with every day. Got it. So like every, by the way, I have no fucking chill. I am like The most, I have borderline Tourettes where I have to tell everyone everything all the time. Right. So I think that's, I I, it was a real learning curve, but everyone that I was working with like kind of new, kind Of new, you know. Interesting. And then HR didn't, No. And it didn't really, it didn't really cause a problem until I started working at like a really, you know, esteemed financial institution where they did this little thing called hot tip employment verification.


Oh. So part of that is they call all the admissions offices and then they like confirm your degree And what happened? Well the good news is that I was in charge of employment verification. So I just kept taking mine and putting it at the bottom of the list. Stop. Yeah. And then did it you ever get caught? No. I'm gonna honestly say I respect it because I think it takes a level of, I don't know the word, like it, it's really a ballsy move that I don't think a lot of people could pull off. Like What would be the worst that could happen? Oh no. I'd get fired from my receptionist gig at the financial institution where it was miserable all day.


Like, no, you're right. I guess it's actually really innovative and crafty. Where do you get your confidence from? I, I think that I'm myself all the time. Hmm. And I like myself and I understand that not everyone is gonna fuck with me. And that's totally cool. I appreciate that. Because I feel like it takes, I feel like no one says like I like myself because now it'd be like you're a narcissist and you're an egomaniac. It's like, no, I just like myself. I've gotta live with myself here. Totally. So we're gonna, I don't think I'm like the prettiest person in the entire world.


I don't think I'm necessarily that smart. I don't think I'm the funniest person. I don't like, I don't think any of those things about myself. Yeah. I'm just like happy I get to like do the thing as me. I, because what else am I gonna be miserable? I had wake up and be like, God damnit Jack, you need veneers. Like whatever. Who cares? Like that's such a waste of time. Let's Talk about the real reason you're here today. Okay? You are here sweating. I'm actually sweating too. You're here to defend a woman's right to wear an ankle boot. Oh yes. For anyone that has no idea what I'm fucking talking about. Morgan Stewart came on the podcast.


That bitch, that fucking bitch came on my podcast and had the audacity to fuck up. Every single person that works at Call Her Daddy ruined. I've been on team zooms of people being like, oh Alex, what am I supposed to do? Do I have to throw up my ankle boots? Let me just clarify to anyone that has no idea what we're talking about. Morgan Stewart came on, Call Her Daddy and basically took a hard stance Yeah. Against ankle boots. I have a lot of thoughts about this. Okay. Yeah. I have known Morgan and love her dearly for years and years. A very good friend. And I know that when Morgan assassinated the ankle boot in early November of 2022, I, I can close my eyes and envision what she was talking about.


I think she's thinking of like a round toe Louboutin chunky heel. Like club rat one oak shoe. Ah, Okay. I will say as a woman with very long femurs, I'm talking about myself and gorgeous sculpted chins talking about myself that I look very good in an ankle boot. Dare I say stunning leg porn OnlyFans. So this is controversial because she said not even Ira Irena, how do you say her name? Irena Shank. Shank. Shank. Shank could look good. So you're essentially saying you are more gorgeous on the lower half then Irene Sha I do suffer with dermatitis on my legs.


So I'm working on it. But, But I fuck with an ankle boot now. Morgan has since specified. Let's call her, let, Let's call her. I just sent Morgan my location. Come through bitch. Oh wow. Let's call her. That is drama. It's very drama. I'm like, where are you R up? She should be nervous. What else is she doing? She's just got some kids. Whatever. Yeah. Big whoop. Wow. Hello? Oh, Hello. Hi Morgan. Hey Morgan. Hi Honey. Wait, I'm putting you on. Am I not doing this right? Okay, here I am. I'm so stressed out. I got it. Tell Her she's being recorded. It's illegal Currently. You're being recorded. I'm being recorded. Okay. I like it.


I like It. And I'm sitting across from Jackie Shimmel. Oh, we love her. We've been talking shit on you for 20 minutes. Yep. Have You? No, you guys like me too much to do that. Okay. We need you to settle ankle, gait ankle, boot gate. I just wanna let you know the amount of women that have now thrown out all of their ankle boots because of you. It's been honestly an uproar that's happened. And I wanna give you the chance to clarify. What did you mean? What did you Mean? What did you mean? Morgan? This Is literally, Oprah said she wasn't eating meat anymore. This is the one I've done to the ankle boot industry. Yeah. Like I did not realize this Is and your friend's closet by way My dms are flooded. It's very clear, first of all to use our dear friend Jackie as an example from dinner.


A flat combat boot is not the ankle boot I was referring to. Okay. I was referring to the black suede heeled ankle boot with the inner zipper where the zipper's inside the boot. And the only real issue I have is when that is being used as a heel and it is an exposed ankle boot, like an ankle boot with sheer, sheer tight and a miniskirt not, doesn't work. Doesn't Work. Okay. Okay. I actually wanna go ahead and say I agree with you. I agree with that. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Because I think this is the thing, how many people wear an ankle boot and then there's like your pant goes over it and you're wearing a fucking boot with a jean. Great, great.


You don't know. Fine. No problem with that When You got hin, but When you wearing Yes. Yes. But when you're wearing a dress or a skirt or even shorter jeans, It's a little 2012. Yeah. It's like Aldo Steve Madden we're giving doesn't work. We're Giving that work Inland Empire, Nord star it never Elongates. And also just to be ve very clear so everybody at at home understands is you're also wearing a skinny black pan or jean and it fits into the ankle boot. You still don't tuck the pant into the boot. Okay. Okay. Unless It's a baggy angle boot and it's like an Isabel Morant style that works. I was just going to use that as a counter argument. Oh, Oh, oh.


I literally Morgan Stewart. I was just gonna say, as someone with gorgeous shins, you know how Isabel Morant does that little dip in the front? Yep. Works. That little dip dip that works me looking good in the dip dip. Yeah. So Jackie's been bragging about her shins. Oh, we just hung up. Okay. Apparently her goodbye, I don't know if I hung up on her. Her phone died. Goodbye. Morgan, you've already had your time on Call Her Daddy. This is Jackets. Yeah. This is about you Morgan. This is about me. Okay. So I actually think that clarifies a lot. It does. And I does do feel better about it. I'm literally not just now. I'm not gonna answer if she calls. Yeah. I think I feel better. I do you still stand by though? Like are you gonna go to an event with a dress and an ankle boot?


I would Never wear a heeled ankle boot. Okay. Me too. Me neither. No. I would wear like a western style ankle boot with like a little bit of a heel. Yeah, but not like a stiletto ankle boot. I agree. Of course not now. I could never, I mean, even if I was, I would lie about it. Right, of course. Because I don't want Morgan to harass and bully me. I I, it's really interesting to see how powerful that conversation was and I'm like, Jackie, are you gonna say anything to today that is going to traumatize my audience? Probably. Let me get myself some water. I know I've been screaming about ankle boots. Hold on, hold on. Oh, I'll put this in the cute cup. Oh wow. Paper straws. I'll give you a fucking hot take. Say it.


Fuck the turtles. I like plastic Straws. You know what? Although I I, I actually agree with you in terms of, By the way, I love that. That's like The most controversial thing you could ever say. I was at like a fucking dinner and I said something like, it was like an influencer dinner. We don't, we'll never talk about it again. I'm so embarrassed you went to one of those. I only went to one and then I got like basically kicked out and I said something about like, bring back the plastic straws and it was like I had just said like I had done like a hail Hitler or something. Like, it was like, it was like the whole like, there was like a rogue wave of shame and disappointment and these girls were like, that's just like not cool.


And I'm like, I can't make a joke about plastic straws. I cut them up when I'm done to save little baby Franklin. You know Franklin Of Course I know Franklin. Yeah. I think you're right. There's bigger issues of how to solve the issues with the environment. Like stop the house. Like on your private planes. Oh yeah. How about that? Let's, let's like tackle bigger issues. Yeah. Yeah. You think you're superior because you suck out of a paper Limp. Dick straw. That's compostable. Yeah, Me too. I love it. Love it. Shout out No single use plastics, guys. Okay, So let's talk about our dinner the other night. We'll start with this. We went to Tower Bar. Yeah. Which is like a great place to go, Right? Great vibe dark. We Had a great conversation about Mean Girls.


Yeah. And like adult Mean Girls. Yeah. And we're talking about, we're not talking about the movie Mean Girls. I'm talking about like real life women that are Petty bitches. Yes. I wanna know, how do you define a mean girl? I think a mean girl is probably someone that's dealing with insecurities and therefore is deeply threatened and put off by people who feel, who feel like they, it highlights what they dislike about themselves. I think a mean girl is someone who projects a very different version of themselves to the public.


And then, you know, behind Closed Doors is just like spewing mad shit that says nothing about the other person. It's all about them. Or someone who, someone who can't befriend with someone who's doing better than them is a fucking mean girl. I completely agree with I think every single thing You said, or dude, dudes are the same way. It's, it takes like, if you can't be happy for someone that's doing better than you or, or has something that you want and there's not a, there should never be a sting. Yeah. I don't feel like there should be a lingering sting. I, I agree with you and I, something I was thinking about was like, I agree with you on the mean girl thing. I think there's like such a deep rooted insecurity and there it almost feels like there's this like underlying like anger in them.


Everybody deals with like feeling like they're not enough or they're not funny, smart, successful, whatever it is. Everybody has those feelings. You need to buck up, grab your vagina and differentiate that how you are feeling has no merit to what other people are doing. You need to be like this. Yeah. You need to like, what are you do? Like I just find that to be, it's so embarrassing. Listen, I think there is a different level of like, everyone talks shit. It's a bonding technique. A it's therapeutic. Yes. And it's really not that big of a fucking deal. You can tell when someone's talking shit and it's like a genuine like, oh you're like really upset about this If you're like bothered.


Yes. Like it's a joke. Yeah. Like we're chilling. Like you're too Close to it. Yes. If you're so bothered. How would you handle a mean girl who you can tell is like genuinely trying to like make you feel like shit. I think like in any situation you have to get ahead of it and like directness is always the best way. It throws people off. Especially you get one of those kinds of girls that's like really trying to like whip in nay nay and like fuck you up. You're like, you wanna dance? Let's start fencing like the parent trap. Like you wanna play? Let's fucking play. I'll stab you right in the eyeball. Like, we're not doing this dance. Yeah. So I like to nip shit in the bud and let them know what time it is.


Like I am. I see we're watching a different movie. You're watching Mean Girls and I'm watching Poltergeist. You know what I mean? Like I do not fuck like That. Fuck. So what the fuck would you say to someone? I'd be like, what is your intent here? Are you trying to like, you just have to like get a pie beam flashlight and just roll and be like, like what is your agenda here? Just cutting. Right. Because I think could, people could also argue like just killing people with kindness don't, if that's your Journey, don't, That's personally not mine. Also, I will say, I think sometimes with my energy I'm like, I just like don't have the energy for you. Like, be a bitch. And I'm literally like, this is so embarrassing for you. Then you can just sit like a little shiva and you just clip it.


Like, we're not you we're not friends. I've had people Write in, I like if someone's being a bitch to me, you can really just say, Hey Caroline. Like Caroline, I don't know anyone. Caroline, what's the agenda of this conversation? Yeah. What's your agenda? Or what my dad always told me to say is, what's your point? Yeah. What's your point? Because then they're like, well my point, no, no, no, what's your actual point? Where are we going here? And there's something that's so off putting about being like very brazen in a conversation when you can feel that someone's trying to like mince you and put you into a corner to say something so you look stupid or embarrass you just, you just lean the fuck in, go harder. And humor diffuses everything. And is like the ultimate like it it's just, it's the card.


It's the card that always fucking wins. You're Right, you're Right. So you can diffuse anything and say exactly what you need to and make it like light. Light and fluffy and not drama because I don't play that game either. There's nothing more cringe and embarrassing. You don't wanna be the girl crying at a dinner because like Katie from Milwaukee hurts your feelings because she doesn't like your ankle boots. Making it about me. No. Literally, I, I get what you're saying. Just Like take control of the narrative. Yeah. Make it funny and be unbothered. How do we make it funny? How do you make it funny? I think you get ahead of it. I think like self-deprecation always really works. Yep. But like if someone said, Say some, say a girl's in a room with everyone and like a guy didn't end up texting the girl back and her friend's a fucking mean girl asshole.


And she's like, yeah, well Johnny didn't text Sarah back. All Sarah. Yeah. Be like, yeah, it's probably 'cause I have herpes. Like, oh it's probably 'cause I have like small tits and no ass. And you like, it's something like making fun of yourself that you're just, it's Probably 'cause I have herpes but like I'll just like kill him tonight. And you, Kirsten you just like get ahead of it and be like, yeah. Oh my God, what will I do? I'm probably just gonna like die alone. 'cause I'm just like so unfuckable. And you say that maybe not that exact thing, but you say like, yeah, I'm gonna die alone. Right. Kirsten, what's your point? Yeah. Kirsten, do you feel good? You good? Yay. Kirsten. Yeah. Kirsten, You're like, Kirsten, you good now? Sorry. Richard and Henry, you look cooler To everyone in the room.


We good now? Kirsten? Woo. Okay, let's all go back to, to having a good time. Okay. Yeah.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay. So I went on a trip with all of my girlfriends to Vermont where my best friend was getting married. And we were all gonna figure out like, well, where do we wanna stay? And oh, this place is too far away and if you stay there I won't really get ready with you. And then we decided on an Airbnb and it was the best decision of the weekend because we got this house. All of us stayed there. Matt came, my friends came, my friend brought her boyfriend. And we all were able to feel like we were almost back in college where we were all in one space. We all got to make our coffee together, we got to eat breakfast together, we got to go on walks together. We got to have late night conversations after we went to the rehearsal dinner and the weddings. And it was just the best time because I feel like if you don't stay in an Airbnb, you're not gonna be as close. You're not gonna have those late night conversations. And we as girls, you know, how much goes into those late night conversations. We also had a pool table, which was so fun. The guys ended up playing while the girls were having wine in the living room in front of the fire. Just talking about all the things about life and dating and relationships. You know, a wedding makes you emotional. I told Matt in 2025, my goal is to stay in more Airbnbs wherever we go. If we're exploring a new city culture, learning a new language, traveling, wherever it be, Airbnb is where it's at. So you can really be fully, fully invested in your time and experience all the things that come with that environment. Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only the new city but a new space in the city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at a local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants, Daddy Gang. And if you wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where guest favorites might inspire you and may create a new tradition for you. So Daddy Gang, as you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. Want a big kitchen, a gym somewhere you can bring your dog. It's my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are


so many reasons I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year. Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender from the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th. What do you think is a character flaw of yours?


Oh, without a doubt, no hesitation. I can lack empathy. Hmm. I can be very, very unempathetic towards myself and towards everybody else. I don't have like an amazingly large sensitivity chip. So sometimes now I've learned to just fake it a little bit. It's good self-awareness Because it's the best I can do. But I don't really have like the threshold to sit at a lunch and like hear my girlfriend complain about her boyfriend over and over. Right. And then they break up and then they get back and then she hates him.


And then this happened. And then that I have little to zero. Right. Empathy for like, and even things that are worse than that. Like I'm a little desensitized. You're you're gonna be more like the friend that's like, okay, so we've had this conversation 10 times, we can't talk about this anymore. Like, you gotta break up with him. Yeah. Or shut the fuck up. Do you think that comes more with like experience and age? I think it comes from a lot of things. I think I'm like predisposition to just be like that. I've kind of always been like that, which is terrible. And then I've like been through shit. I lost my mom pretty suddenly. I lo like I've been through like a lot of like seemingly traumatic events and I don't use those like as a crutch.


Yeah. I don't know. I just, I, and you're not supposed to do this. You're never supposed to like compare like traumas or tragedies, but like I would, I just, I think that a lot of complaining is so counterproductive. I actually can totally see where you're coming from. My, my best friend had lost her father. Yeah. And I remember having a conversation with her where she was like, everything now just sounds so dumb. Like dumb, like dumb. Shut the fuck up. Oh my God. And then like, I mean, you'll get friends that that call you that need to talk about like, something that is so trivial. And if you're someone who doesn't like I, and I'm working on it, but I, I'm not someone who like leans on people.


I've, I try, I've been better about it. Yeah. But like, I don't like attention for sad stuff. I get That. So I have a hard time understanding and comprehending and like being a pillar of support for people who are so comfortable getting attention for sad Stuff. You know? I think it's also, there's a lot of people that find like almost get fueled and find like connection through Yeah. Connecting, being like just complaining about everything to people, their person. Like trauma bonding. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I actually, I am similar to you in that aspect of like, I remember I would be interested to know if this affected you with your husband, but like Yeah.


I remember in the beginning of dating my boyfriend would always be like, okay, I am your partner. Yeah. I can tell you're upset about something. Like do you wanna share it? Totally. I'm like grossed out by like talking about my issues. Same. Because I feel like I am too aware that they're like, it's Trivial To me. It's big right now, but this is trivial. Yeah. Like, I don't need, we don't need to talk about it. I'm upset about this. Like, let's move on. Where then my partner's like, yeah. But like, this is like, if you're upset about this, like let's talk about it. Totally. Does Andrew ask you to be like, babe, can you gimme like a little something here?


Yeah. I think that he, yeah. My husband definitely like feels close and wants to share and wants and I am. I just, I've worked on it a lot. Yeah. I still have a lot of room to grow 'cause it's just not my thing. Like it is not my default setting. It is so uncomfortable for me. I get like just, oh, I'm just like ed by it. Yeah. I'm a self processor and I just, it's where I do the clearest thinking and healing. And I get defensive sometimes even with friends. 'cause I feel like they, it validates them for me to dump or to, you know, emotionally it validates the relationship or that I'm turning to them or I'm leaning on them.


Yeah. And maybe that's me being like fucked up and guarded. No. Which it could be, but I don't need to do that. Mm. So I don't want to do that. I, I just think, listen, if you feel like you're, you process shit alone. I think especially for women, you almost feel like, what's, why do I not wanna like, or You're being guarded or you're like, no secretive. It's so not everyone's fucking different. Yeah. Like if you don't feel like sharing, you don't have to. I agree. Share. I agree. Okay. You brought up your mom. Yeah. I have a lot of people write in that are like, how do I handle grief? And I understand everyone deals with it differently. Totally. Oh my god. Yeah.


But how would you give advice to someone that is like recently going through grief? Yeah. Just like how to even understand it, handle it, move forward. I mean, it really is like case by case. And I think that people who are like going through like a very difficult time should know that literally everything is temporary. Like everything in the world is temporary. And for me, I was, I like went through like a really weird time where I was just like, my whole world was shook. Like everything I thought I knew was different. Like every, like every security anchor was gone and I was like, free balling.


And I was like, what the fuck? So in those situations, whether you're grieving or not grieving, like, and your life is uprooted and you're in transitional periods, it's like you either sink or you swim. But for me, stagnant is not an option. So obviously like I go through so many things, it's like a random Tuesday where you're just like crying in a car and you're like, what the fuck? I've always used hu humor to deal with everything. It makes everything easier. And for people who don't understand, I totally get it. I've got friends that are like, you're so fucking weird. This is so dark. What is wrong with you? I understand that too. For me, I've always used it, it makes everything easier to digest.


It's not like, it's not deflective coping. It's kind of like it, it is what it is. Right. You know what I mean? And I would say like, you kind of have to make like an internal decision. Are you gonna sink? Are you gonna swim? For me, my whole agenda when my mom died, my throat's closing up. You're like, can I drink my juice? I sweating. Do you have any vodka? When I like really got in the mindset where I was like, I don't want attention for, for, I don't wanna walk into a room and get like the loose clutch on my shoulder of people being like, how are you doing? And how's your dad? And are you okay?


And Oh your mom loved you? I'm like, no shit bitch. I know my mom loved me. She hated you. Like, you know what I mean? Right. Like you start getting in that mode where it's like now people, your whole identity is like you're walking around with a black veil. Some people love that. We call them grief groupies. Mm. This is the problem. There are human beings who are finally getting attention and they fucking love it. So you go through something terrible and then everyone feels bad for you and then everyone shows up with the casserole and you feel like you got a little gold validation sticker on your fucking forehead. That's where you get into a weird rhythm of being the victim. That's not the vibe because that has an expiration date and then everybody goes back to work in three months and everyone fucking forgot because it's no longer relevant Right to you.


Still very relevant to all the other people. Doesn't matter. So I think like you have to, I just always said that I was gonna like commemorate my mother's life with living the fuck out of mine. It doesn't mean that you don't have terrible days. It doesn't mean you don't feel sad or you miss them. That's always going to exist. But why? Like why would you not want to wanna experience your, like why wouldn't you wanna just have a good day when you can have a fucking good day? And a lot of that is about like emotional boundaries and people who don't who don't serve you like it.


It's, it becomes like this whole aftershock wave. You have to kind of just like dial it in and do the best you fucking can. Yeah. It's, it's really, I don't even, I feel like I haven't said anything. No, no. You, I, I think you said so much and it, it's helpful to hear because it's Just a decision. I, I think that's really, I don't wanna use the word powerful, but like you, the way you articulate it, you said you did say so much because I think that there's a mentality Yeah. Of like, I mean, I've talked to my friend Lauren about this, like, her trying to decide like, where, where am I gonna go with my life? Sure. Because I have my life and my dad has his life. And like, there's just a lot of shit you have to deal with internally of like separating your own self from then what happened, if that makes any fucking sense, 1000%.


But Also still knowing like, that's your parent and you like it. It's, it's, it's Confusing. There's so many layers to grief and like every instance is different. All I can say is that you just have to like, make a conscious decision that you are not gonna walk around with a vigil candle and a fucking deli platter and Shiva flowers like Alex Cooper. It's all coming for full circle. Back to the edit concept. Shi love flowers. This is why I was triggered. You're literally like, what? Do you know how many funerals I've been to with the sad fucking deli platters? I can't even go to a valley deli anymore because I've been to so many fucking funerals. And the Jews love deli platters. And then you are like, can you imagine? You just put a family member in the ground and then you're making like a pastrami sandwich.


And then you look around and you see these urns and the fucking shitty ass Ralph's flowers. It's terrible. Dougy is fully triggered. She's like, why did you bring me here? I thought this was to be fun. No, I, I really do appreciate My last question about this, which I, I think is very important, is there are people that on this unselfaware spectrum, have no idea how to handle if a friend is going through something and has lost someone in their life. Okay. Okay. And can you just quickly explain things that have like been, you don't have to give examples, but you could, oh, I have things that are said that you're like, don't say this.


You fucking idiot. Please don't say everything happens for a reason. Or you will get slapped. Everything happens for a reason. Thank you. Thank you, Katie. Have fun with your mom. Like, shut the fuck up. Don't do not anything that is on some spiritual, religious bumper sticker. Don't you fucking dare drop that shit. Don't do it. When you see a butterfly. Don't say, that's, I, I could tell that was your mom. I fucking hate butterflies. You get a fucking fly swatter. You are like, Fuck. I swear to God, I saw a rainbow yesterday and I knew it was your mom.


I was like, do you want to get hit? Do you wanna get hit? Do you wanna get hit? It's, This is, this is what, this is Helpful. It's a sign, Didi. Oh, she did this for you? I was, so when I bought my house, okay. I, this is like a whole other conversation. Okay. I found my house. It was unlisted, it was off market. My realtor calls me, he's like, Hey, there's this house. It's coming for sale. I wanted only wanted to buy it in this one neighborhood. Whatever. Okay. So I go to the house, I break in, it was vacant. The guy was dead. Whatever. Broke through the back. The guy's dead inside. No, thank God, no. He had died, went to hospice in Texas, dead out. Fine. Great. Vacant. So I like, you know, jimmied my way in and I was like, oh my God, I love this house.


So I'm talking to my grandparents and they said, oh, how's, how's your guys' house hunt coming? And I'm like, oh, it's, it's good. I think I found a house today. We're gonna put an offer. And they're like, which house is it? We used to live in that neighborhood and I give them the address. And it was my mother's childhood home. So I now live in my mother's childhood home. Okay. I did not know I had never been there. 'cause when my grandparents like lived in a different state, we never went there. It would it, right? I, I wasn't alive. Right. So that automatically made me hate the house. 'cause I was like, oh my God, that's so weird. Now it's gonna be like this whole, like butterflies and rainbows and like becher bullshit. I'm like, I'm not dealing with it. Oh my God.


So I then got into like a severe bidding war where I had to basically bankrupt the entirety of our bank accounts to get this fucking house because I loved it so much. It was locked up in probate, blah, blah, blah. It took me like a year to get this fucking house. Okay. Very ruthless, biding war. So I overpaid by like a, like an obscene amount of money that I can't even really say out loud because it would be alienating and disgusting, whatever. So I get into this house, I have my family over for like the first holiday. And every single motherfucker looks at me with that fucking hand, with that loose little grip, the little shoulder grip in the upper, the lip quiver and says, your mom got you this house. Your mom brought this house to you. And I'm looking at them and I'm thinking to myself, I've had to spread my legs metaphorically behind a microphone and hawking every product under the sun on Instagram, like a shameless, ruthless prostitute for years.


So that I could buy this house because I bought the house. I wanted to buy the house. Me, I bought the house bled my bank accounts dry. And you have the nerve to tell me that this bitch, my dead mother brought me the house. If that was the case, I would've fucking inherited it. I would've bought it before the pandemic when the housing market was a little more stable. Okay. How dare you And I, it took everything in me. I was clutching my martini glass. Right. Like with a white knuckling it. And I just wanted to bash it over everyone's head. And I even said to my dad, I'm like, if one more motherfucker says to me that my dead mom got me this house, I'm gonna lose it.


Somebody's gonna die in this house. And then the property value will really plummet. And we'll have to borrow your flowers for the shiva. It's, it's so short. Fuck you. You are leaving today with them. I'm gonna use, I'm not taking them. I hate them. These are real. These are real. Okay. We couldn't go low and tight. Had to go. Couldn't go low and full. He's crying. Come here. Sorry. Okay. He's crying. He's upset. Sorry, Henry, because Okay. This is my, this is my thought. Shut the fuck up. Like, please just Shut the fuck up. Just Be like, this sucks so bad. I'm so fucking sorry.


Yeah. This is terrible. Like, what do you, what can I do? Okay. That's what I was gonna say. Everyone deals with grief differently. Yeah. So follow your friend's lead. If it's also not your fucking friend and it's acquaintance, shut the fuck Up. Please don't. I had, it was so funny. Like, I had a friend that would like weaponize like my grief. Like, it wasn't like, I wasn't like, like, I wasn't like coming to her to cry like I was going to other people. And then she like was like, do you not like, feel comfortable with me? Or do you not like, feel close to me? And I'm like, you are literally the Worst. Like, you're making this about you. How are we Like, you suck so bad. And honestly, like, I should send her an edible arrangement because I need to thank her because she made the whole experience like so diffusive.


'cause I was like, oh wow. Like you just took me outta my grief. 'cause now I just wanna fucking headbutt you because you're so stupid. Right, right. Like, what, what do you mean how is this, how did we make this about you? What movie Are you? What what? It was like, I had a stroke. I was like, poor quo. Do I need to do I need to apologize to you because I'm not like, sad enough for You. Yeah. I think that's the wrap of, up of that is like, if it's, if it's not your shit shut, just, just literally shut Up. You don't need to like, not talk about No. Like, it, it's not like that. No. It's just like read. Just let the person read the room. Do their thing. Yes. Thank you. And That's totally okay. That is such an extreme place of privilege to not understand. And I honestly think that's amazing.


And you should just like run with that. It's fabulous. You lucky son of a bitch. But yeah, it's like an, it's an extreme, it's an extreme tier of privilege to like not understand that, That level of, And that's cool too. Totally. But if, if acknowledge you don't know it. And so don't act like you have any fucking comprehension of what happened. Oh My God. I love when like a friend who was like, I know, like I lost my, my pet kitty when I was three and I was like, cool. Even like, sorry to say this. I need to move these. Yeah, Please. Even, Even, and I'm not trying to be an asshole, but even grand people are like grandparents. It's the circle of life. That Q Simba, let Me guess. They were 80, 90, like lie down.


It was Go to sleep as Kelly Buns moments. Or Bethany Frank once said, go to sleep. Right. Like they, they had a good run. Right. And that's like natural. Like what were you expecting? Like they were gonna have like a revibe and just start like, it's, it's it, that was how it was supposed to go. Oh my God. My grandpa was like, literally I was prepared for him to die for like 12 years. My parents were like, listen, grandpa's like not super healthy. He's like totally overweight. Like had a terrible lifestyle. They told me this when I was seven. That fucker hung around till I was like 25. It became like a bit in my family. I was like, you're still here. I've been prepared for years. I grew outta my fucking funeral dress. No, You're so right. It's even, I like, I have one black outfit.


I don't even fit in it anymore. Grandpa. Jesus Christ. You're milking the crow Clock. It's turn. So I can put you in the urn Urn. And Alex can put you in here. We can play. He Need a much bigger turn. He was very, a very Obese man. We, it would take up the whole room. Shout out Jackie's grandpa. Love you. Grandpa. Love you. Is he still Here? No, he is dead. Wow. Alex. Okay. Long gone. Okay, we're off. We're we're moving off the grief topic. Yes. I think my last thing is this. This is actually just out of curiosity.


What happened to your Zimmerman dress? Oh, this is still on the topic of grief, by the way. I've experienced so much loss. Well, You're like, fuck my grandpa. Let's talk about the Zimmerman Dress. Aren't The Zimmerman dress, honestly, you know, hindsight's 2020. I'm like, I'm too cool for a Zimmerman midi dress. Like I've evolved. Jesus. This is funny. Okay. Okay. Give it to twice us. Well, I was attending a baby shower. Okay. And I was trying to find something like, I found this dress. It was a Zimmerman dress. It had like a molded cup, Bette with a cutout.


Pockets. She loves pockets. I love pockets love. Okay. And it was in my size. I didn't have to wear a bra. I looked cute. It like, I had just had a parasite. So I was very gaunt. You were like winning, Like, literally my clavicle was protruding and I had like an upper rib cage thing. 'cause I was shitting out my colon for weeks. No, this is like, people are gonna be pissed when we were at Tower Bar and you were like, I've just been feeling like a little like, just like blow to whatever. Yeah. And Jackie turns the waiter. She's Like, could I get some like expired salmon? I'm like, do you have a Raw salmon filet?


That's unrefrigerated. The guy were, The guy did not get that at all. Like, He was like, pardon? I was like, I'll nevermind. I'll just have the brands, you know. Okay. So you're gaunt, you're ready with your dress. I was Ready to rumble, found this dress. I had it hooked in the back of my car and I have a convertible and I was doing a bathroom renovation. I'm very hands-on with my renovations. I love the Home Depot. It makes me feel alive. You love it. Insecure girls. Go to Home Depot. Wear something tight and sexy. You will get accosted. No. You know what's crazy? Sorry to cut you off, but I remember back, back, back in the day where I said some controversial shit.


I was self-aware enough to know that if I went to the University of Arizona, I was gonna be like a five on the scale. Okay. Boston University, It's the same thing at a Home Depot. Give me a 12. If you go to a Valley Home Depot, you've got better odds. If you go to like, anything off the 4 0 5, it, it kind of depends. It's all, it's all about geography. You could run into Giselle. Yeah. So you're gonna be the Toad, Canoga Park, home Depot. You'll never feel anything like it. So You're saying you go there and you feel the hottest, most beautiful version Of yourself. I'm, it is the Victoria's Secret fashion show reboot at the Home Depot before 10:00 AM when all the contractors are there. Like, there's no, like, women.


Like, you know, you're, you're it. That's it. So I was there at about 7 35 in the morning. Jesus. I know. Rise and grind. Okay. She's got construction here, Literally grinding with contractors in aisle four. And I was in a bike short looking so cute. Sawing my own fucking trim. I needed like one piece of trim for a door. I was trying to wrap it up, you know, and the trim was very long. So I had, I figured the only way I could fit it in my car was to put my top down and shimmy it in the front so it could hang out the back. Okay. Okay. Super safe In your convertible. In my convertible. This is like final destination shit. Okay. So in, in the transportation of my trim piece, I had the dress hooked on the back.


Okay. Okay. And I'm driving on the freeway and I'm holding my holding the trim because I didn't really feel like having it. God forbid. I mean, honestly, in hindsight, I wish that that trim would've fucking hightailed it out of the car and like punctured the car behind me. And I could have kept the dress. 'cause I didn't have something to wear to the shower. Couldn't find anything. Whatever. Okay. I'm holding the trim. I'm driving like cursing the day that my husband was born. 'cause he's like off at a trip somewhere, of course. And I'm just schlepping lumber. Literally schlepping lumber. And I look behind me and I, all of a sudden, like I'm driving and I just see like a pink, like, like a pink parachute rising into the sky off the 1 0 1 freeway at 7 34 in the morning.


And I'm like, huh. I look behind. It was like, slowmo. I see my fucking dress, catch wind and fly the fuck outta my car. Okay. So now I'm like, oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Like, what, how do, what do I, what do I even do? So I call highway patrol. I get off the freeway. I didn't even know who to call. I literally was like, I have a dress. It was $850, by the way. Okay. Okay. Tags attached. Oh God. Glad I did. You know, it, it wasn't my journey aesthetically, but it was an expensive dress of course, course that I never got to fucking wear. And it was sold out in the size I needed because everyone kept sending me the certain size. I needed a two, two for the tits, two for the tits, two for the tits sold out.


So I pull over on the side of the road, I'm now like, pilfering through bushes looking. Well, you get out of your car. I kind of, I did a little peruse. Okay. I did a little peruse. But then I thought, you know what? I called the highway patrol. They're gonna return it. Like they're gonna get it dry cleaned for me. I had a massage and I also, what world are you living in? I don't know. I listen, I live in suburbia. I figured, listen, I call these guys. I'm like, I have a dress that flew outta my car. Yeah. I feel like they get called abusing. No, literally you're abusing Someone was stabbed. Yeah. Like usually it's like there's a Rub on the side of the road. Someone was stabbed. There's an animal that's dead. There's a car. Car Kidnapping. Yeah. My Zimmerman dress was $900. Yeah. Could you guys do a loop? Yeah. Could you guys, one of those zigzags, you know where you shut the freeway down During rush hour?


I'm like, it has cutouts and pockets. It's like so cute. It's so good. It's so hard for me to find a dress where I don't have to wear bra. You're like, they're like, ma'am, you're like, no, no, no. Size two. And like, I just like, I don't know, like, should I pull over on the ru? Like, I don't know. Like, I just feel like this is like a safety breach. I've already been like sexually harassed at Home Depot. I'm not trying to like, get picked up. And what are they saying? I mean, they were laughing of course, As we all are now, Jackie, we Were laughing like we were having a good time. Okay. I'm like, I, here's where I live. Like there's a dry cleaners down. I was like making all the jokes. Okay, great, great. You know what I mean? So I thought a hundred percent they're gonna fucking, they're gonna pick it up, drop it off. So then I like, you know, I had to deliver my trim pieces. I've got guys on the clock. Okay. I am not fucking around.


And this is also relatable and likable. It's fine. Daddy Gang is gonna love this. Then I had a massage and I, so my phone was in my locker, whatever. And I had posted all of these stories in one of the stories that I had posted on Instagram. You can see the dress off the freeway. You can see its exact location. Like under a fence, under a pickup truck that was parked on the side of the road. Like, it's like behind you while you're filming. You can see the pink. Someone spotted it. I missed it. Yeah. So all of a sudden I've been getting like so many messages of people circling like, I see where your dress is. I see where your dress is. I knew exactly where it was. I get back in my car, I drive back, it's not there. The next day, the dress in my size tags attached, sold out everywhere is available for sale, for pickup in the Los Angeles location of the RealReal.


Full price. Full price. And I'm like, No. So some shady Fuck. Honestly, love them. If you did this. I will. I like please show yourself. Yeah. We respect you. I respect you. I like you. I will go to Tower Bar with you and we'll get raw salmons together. Right. Some shady ass bitch rolled up. 'cause I was giving like, like very specific geographics. No, I remember you posting about this. I Was like, if you get off at Canoga and make a ride, It's gotta be somewhere near there, idiot. And you're thinking these are people that love me and support me. They will bring the dress to me. They will get it dry cleaned and bring it to me. I Thought someone like, I imagine like a bunch of girls, 25 to 35 in bitch Bible merch and like fucking highway patrol, like neon vests with flashlights.


Like searching for this dress that's in my head where I like just hawking macho with their zus like patrolling the valley for my dress. A search and rescue mission. You Didn't think? No, I never thought naive that A little cunt Yeah. Was gonna say. And you know, who would do something like that? Me, let me tell you something. When I was 18 years old, if I found out some bitch I had, you know, a Zimmerman dress go airborne off the side of the 1 0 1 freeway, and it was tags attached for eight 50 and I was eating bagel bites for three weeks. You think I wouldn't be tits deep on the side of the freeway searching for that fucking dress.


You are dead wrong. So I can relate and I respect it. I have no words. I, I guess we have to, we end it by respectfully respecting the con that went out of her way. This one's for Her, this one's for her. Whoever you are, I actually would fucking love, love if you reached out to us, show Yourself, We would actually really respect you. I will. If you're like, well, no, no, no. If this person exposes themselves with receipt, we need a receipt from the RealReal. Yeah. I need like all, like, I need a full manila folder to showcase that it's you. I will take you to Zimmerman and I will buy you a full outfit.


It was me. Alex, we're gonna Zimmerman Jackie. I know. I'm sweating. I'm sorry to bring the mood down. No, No. I love how when I'm like grief and then you're like, no, I'm gonna bring it down even more. Yeah. Grandpa, pause. Light your vigil. Candles. I love you. Thank you so much. I love you for coming. I'm sweating. I'm gonna pee my pants. This was a great Henry. Wait, let's pull the dogs up for one Quick little. Oh yes.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn For the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Megan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Okay. Can I defend the flowers now? Yes. What? I need to defend the flowers now. Oh, did you do this? I do them every week. Okay. They're one of my greatest prides that I takers a b Let me just tell you. Okay. I'm sorry. I'll go ahead. This week I went to both Bristol Farms and Ralph's went twice, bought a pair. Still didn't think they looked good enough. Okay. No, no. I went back for more. Those pick ones I hate Yep. Are the only ones that I could find. And it's been a journey. Jordan, let me also defend you. It's not the the flowers. Its the base. It's the vase. The vase is not your fault. No, it's not the flowers. It's it's, it's the turquoise.


She, Alex was like, I really color mind. I was like, your Christmas gift. Like, who the fuck? Alex was like, I really want a green. I thought I wanted be like a color. Okay. And Jordan said she's great at, that's, that is the best news. We don't, we don't think it personally. We are. We need to get it together.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank


Lumify. Wow. Incredible. Amazing. Lumify redness, reliever eyedrops really work. They dramatically reduce redness in one minute. I love how my eyes look whiter and brighter and it lasts for up to eight hours. They Make my eyes look refreshed. Lumify, it's kind of amazing. It was Love at first sight with Lumify Lumify. Try it for yourself. Learn More@lumifyeyes.com.


Have you experienced serious complications with a paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.