
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax, Daddy Gang. We all know how stressful taxes can be. You're like waiting for that time of year. When it comes around, you're like, oh my God, I don't wanna do this. Taxes used to be a total nightmare. It was all waiting, wondering, and spiraling. Daddy Gang knows the struggle, but now taxes is literally just matching with a TurboTax Live expert who actually knows what they're doing. TurboTax Live experts give your taxes their undivided attention so you can keep giving yours to well you. They can file your taxes for you as soon as today, and you can get real time updates on their progress along the way. Now this is Taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get a TurboTax Live expert now on TurboTax dot com.


Daddy Gang.


If you are sitting there and you're like, huh, I need a change in my life. I want something new, I want something exciting, learn a new language. There is nothing more incredible and nothing to make you feel more confident and sure of yourself than learning a new language available on mobile and desktop. Rosetta Stone is designed to fully immerse you in your chosen language for a more natural, effective learning experience. I feel like as I've become an adult, there are moments where you're like, wait, I need to continue learning. You leave school and you're like, oh, I'm done. That is not what I wanna be. I want to continue to grow and to learn, and I love learning new languages. So, Daddy Gang, if you are interested, maybe you're going on a trip, maybe you wanna just better yourself, Call Her Daddy. Listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit rosetta stone.com/ Call Her Daddy to get started and claim your 50% off today. That is rosetta stone.com/ Call Her Daddy to start learning.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lie Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora. Hi. How could someone simply saying hi make you immediately like them? It's a Tough one. I don't know if I could describe myself on camera. I'm self proclaiming myself Is the best rapper in Louisville right now. Right here. I think I took it up as Jack Harlow. Shake outta holler. I'm like, Jack Holler does mention my name in assault.


This new Jack Harlow song, it's currently going viral right now for you in the upcoming remake of White Man. Can John already been nominated for three grand? Ladies and gentlemen, What is Up? Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper With Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Jack Harlow. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you. I am so happy you made it from Vegas. Me too. That was like a close call. Couldn't wait to get outta there. Just like not the vibe to be in Vegas all the time. Shit, it's not the vibe Anytime, but We're there for 24 hours.


I was there for business. Yeah. Mm. Business. No pleasure. You know, I, I take pleasure in business sometimes, but Yeah, I know what you're asking me. Nah, No. You didn't meet any ladies. I didn't spend any money. No. Okay. Okay. Good to know. I wanna go back to the be because I'm like, already you sitting in this chair, Jack. The ladies are blushing. They're happy, they're cozy. They're like, oh, Jack's here. They all have a crush. But today we're gonna make them really fall in love. I can tell. Okay. So we need to get to know you. Okay. Okay. So we're gonna go back to the very beginning. You grew up in Kentucky, born and raised. That's right. You just moved back.


Yeah. Tell me why is your hometown so hot? Nah, just excited.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Nike. Nike has just launched the new 24 7 collection. Nike knows that athletes need to perform and they wanna look good too. This is a new head to toe apparel collection created with performance innovation that delivers tailored all day comfort for a busy life on the go. Think elevated travel, wear a casual date night from the gym to a meeting for women and men. If you know me, you know, I love this kind of clothing. Okay. I wanna look comfortable, but I also wanna be able to wear it to the airport and to a meeting. Okay. I am obsessed with their impossibly soft pieces for him and her. They have the joggers, they have half zip pullovers. They have crews super luxurious, soft feels. And let me tell you guys, Matt's birthday is coming up and you best believe I am getting my husband some good old Nike from this 24 7 collection. Matt loves this stuff to work out in, and he also loves it when we're just lounging around the house. They also have perfect stretch pieces for, we have the flowy pants for the women tops, pleated skirts. Super cute. And then for him, they have pants and chinos. You can put them in your gym bag in a crumpled up ball. You can throw it on and you're gonna look polished. To shop the complete 24 7 collection. Head to nike.com.


When it comes to beauty and fragrance, I am all about the fearless unapologetic vibes. And that is exactly what you get in Ys l's newest fragrance. Li Lnu Li Lnu is a citrus floral masterpiece, alcohol free and completely liberating. It's a fragrance that makes a statement the moment you wear it. I love how it feels. Fresh light, yet still bold. It is the perfect balance of feminine and daring, and it's got this incredible staying power and leaves my skin feeling radiant and glowing. It really is the perfect balance of citrus and florals. It's so fresh and sexy. If you are ready to experience something new, trust me. Daddy Yang Lieb Lnu. A refreshing twist on the iconic Lieb Oda Parum. I personally have this fragrance, and I will say my favorite thing, although yes, I love my husband thinking I smell good. There is nothing better when women or your girlfriends compliment you. And every single time I've worn this fragrance, my girlfriends are like, no, what are you wearing? Give it to me right now. That smells so freaking good. And Matt is obsessed with it. I'm always looking for something that has a fresh citrus floral scent, but it needs to still be that perfect balance of not overpowering, but still bold. And this has exactly that. So, Daddy Gang, if you wanna try it out, shop now at Sephora.


Talk to me about your hometown and what it means to you. Gosh, where do I start? I mean, I, growing up listening to rap music, you would hear artists talk about the cities they were from and just lift them up. And I was just like, damn. Like Louisville needs that. And so it became a priority to me. Yeah. And I love where I'm from. I just love it. I love it. That's why I'm there. It just makes me happy. And I think it's like it's slow and it's laid back a Little different than la. Yes. Very, very, very. Is it okay, you just said like, you kind of like roll it off the tongue. You're like Louisville.


Is it Louisville? Or Louisville? You got it. You almost got it. I'd say locally it's the V is more v vol. Louisville. Louisville. Louisville. Louisville. Yeah. It kind of just like in the throat, you're just like, oh Yeah. Like, oh yeah. It just, it just flies out. It's not Louisville. It's buttery. It's syrupy. Yeah. Yeah. But like, if you hear people say, Louisville, do you give a shit? Well, not deeply. And I, I'm beyond my like correcting it stage. Yeah. It's just, it's not tasteful, but you peep it, you notice. Yeah. Yeah. Well, 'cause I, so I, my friends both went to college there, like my good friends. And then when I went for a wedding last year, I was trying to suss out the vibe.


'cause I was like, I wanna say Louisville, but like, I was trying to not like embarrass myself. So I just said Louisville. But then you just said I said it. Right. So I'm gonna just keep saying Louisville. Louisville. Louisville. Louisville. Yeah. You're there. You are there. What do You think is the biggest misconception people have about Kentucky? That's a good question. Hmm. It's really good. I see why you're in the position you're in. You know what to do. I'm just getting started. You know what to do. Trust me. I believe it. Well, I'll tell you specifically, the city I'm from feels very misunderstood, I think in terms of like a national identity, because Kentucky's so dominantly rural and Louisville is, is like a fullblown city.


Like with a downtown tall buildings, like hundreds of thousands of people live there. So I think we feel a little misunderstood for that reason. So Louisville specifically, there's some misconceptions. I don't wanna speak for the whole state, but there's always more than meets the eye. Yeah. There is. Like you, what were you like as a kid? Hmm. I wasn't allowed to play video games when I was really young, so I read a lot. Did you read Novels? On novels? I was really into Harry Potter. I just read, I remember there was this series, I'm glad you asked, so I have a chance to shout it out.


It's called Warriors. It was about these cats that lived in clans and tribes and it just had me fucking hooked. I was just fascinating. Yeah, I was, I was deep in it. So I just loved books. I don't know if I would be able to do what I was doing without the literature in my early life. And I heard hip hop for the first time. I was like, damn, shit. This rhythm mixed with expressing myself. It was just, I didn't realize you were a Harry Potter. Stan, can we talk about that for a second? Well, I, I'm not a Stan, but Yes. Then what the fuck are you? What? Fuck it. I'm a stand. Let's go. I just Oh, you're like easily persuaded. I'm easy. Yeah, you're Easy.


Hear pressure. Let's go Jack. Yeah, the whole time I'm easily, I've been just, just you very, yeah. Who's your favorite Of the Harry Potters? Yeah. The characters. Yeah. Who was that Asian girl he was fucking with? No, She was like there for a second. She had me, she had me weak. I can't lie. She had me open reading that shit. The details. JK Rowland used to bring it. I was in there nine years old pants tightening up. I'm like, what the fuck is happening to me? Do you think the first time you jerked off was when you were like, at like the 16th chapter and you're like, all right, you gotta put the book down.


I'm getting hard. Nah, I know what the first time I beat my dick was Share with the class jack. I'll Damn. I just realized I've been waiting for a chance. Just right up. Jimmy Fallon ain't wanna talk about it, so no, No one wants to talk about that shit. They'll bleep it out. They'll cut the whole, Somehow you're, this is right up your alley. This will be the whole promo. This will be it. I just remember, I just remember, I remember first time I, I, I tried to go there. It rose and it was like, the feeling was so unfamiliar to me that I got all the way to near climax and stopped. I think I was 12 years old in middle school and I just stopped.


'cause I was like, I don't know what's gonna happen if this busts. And so I went to sleep. I just went to sleep. And the next time I'm like, fuck it. I'm going all the way. And I became a ocean. But Do you remember that feeling? Like, what did you think to yourself? I thought, God damn, I get it. This shit's all right. I love how you gave yourself blue balls for like the first time you're like, I was, I was terrified. I didn't know. 'cause it just was rising and rising and rising. I'm like, where are we going? Great feeling. You said that you weren't allowed to play video games. What was your house like growing up? Like what was the dynamic? Who's in your house? What's going on? My two parents who love each other deeply to this day and my little brother. Oh, nice. I owe a lot to my parents. I got good parents.


You do? Yeah. And they're still together. They are Deeply in love. Wow. Do you, so are you kind of like a romantic guy? You know, I, I was for a while. Oh, what happened? I don't know. I'm just deeply in my batch at my batch stage right now. Like, not that I'm, I'm not, I'm not like necessarily cutthroat. I just like, I think when I was 21, I just seek so much validation and it gave me such a rush to make a girl feel special. And it was almost like, how many can I make feel special, just to be honest. And I think I, I didn't wanna sleep by myself like I need. And if I was, I wanted to get on FaceTime with someone and fall asleep on FaceTime and something shifted where I want my space more than ever.


And I'm in, I'm as transparent as I've ever been and I'm just tell it what it is and I, I don't fucking, I'm not worried if, if it's not right for the other person, it's like, let's keep moving. Yeah. Peace Out. So it's, it is a different stage. I think something in the last like 12 months probably something shifted. I think. I know it shifted, but we'll get there. Okay. So you Say I can't wait to hear your diagnosis. Yeah, yeah. Don't worry. We're going full diagnosis. This is a therapy session, just so you know. Are you in therapy? Yeah. Okay, good. Well this is an extended version. Good. You can tell your therapist We don't need our session this week. I sit down with Alex. Yeah, it's already canceled. You Said, you said that you were like, you were looking for validation.


Talk to me about what you were like in high school. Did you get the girls? Were you a loser? Were you bullied? Were you the bully? What was going on? I could always get, I could always get the girl I wanted. It's not like I was like, I didn't have my way across the board, but I could get the cute girl. Okay. I could get the cute girl I was, I was well liked in high school. What Were your friends like? I feel like that kind of like, were you like an athlete guy? Were you a like chess player? Were you in the book club? I, I started making music so early that the rapper category kind of got stamped on me really early. So I would pass out CDs in school and everyone knew I was chasing this for a long time.


So I was in sort of my own category. Category. Even locally, I experienced the taste of fame from the age of like 14 on because I would go out in public and people would stop me and ask me for pictures just at other schools. So it was unique. It was Unique. I feel like I know, fuck, what was his name? Was it like Sammy? Do you know who I'm talking about? Sammy Adams. Sammy Adams from Philly. Yeah. And I remember, I know what you're talking about of like, I feel like a lot of high School. I opened for Sammy Adams when I was 18 years old. Shut the fuck out. I was 18 years old. No one was there to see me. I was playing for his crowds. It was fine. It's right of passage, right? First two I ever went on like four dates on the east coast. We drove ourselves out there, no one with us, just me and my DJ and two of my friends.


And we drove from every venue and we opened up to a bunch of people staring at us like, who the fuck is this? Like can, can Samuel please come out here? Like, fuck Samuel. This chat kid does not do it for me. And I was like, you know, no beard glasses still on. Like didn't know how to cut my hair. Like I was, it was raw. It was a very raw time, but it was character building


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. I have been so into taking little weekend trips this year and when I start to get stressed at work and know I need a vacay, I open up Airbnb. Okay. Matt and I are about to go away for the weekend and I found the cutest coziest home on an Airbnb for us. I need to make sure I can travel with my dogs. Henry and Bruce are not getting left behind. Okay. And Airbnb makes it so easy to find pet friendly properties on a romantic getaway. Having our own home ensures that Matt and I will have the privacy that we truly need to unwind. I feel like I'm nonstop talking all day. So when I do get a break, I don't wanna see or speak to anyone but my husband. Okay. I also love that Airbnb shows guest reviews. I am someone who is on the page scrolling through every single review a place has. And seeing that so many people have stayed at a home and loved the experience makes me feel secure. When I'm booking a place, no matter where I wanna drive off to on a random weekend, I'm always able to find an incredible place to stay. And if you just wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where to go yet, let Airbnb make the decision for you. They have a guest favorites tab that might inspire you and perhaps even create a new tradition. As you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by say, when it comes to makeup and skincare, you want formulas that work and you wanna feel good about what you're putting on your face, say is entering the chat with their elevated effortless makeup that's high performing clean And of course easy to use. I remember the first time that I was introduced to say my friend Jackie was visiting me, she was doing her makeup in my bathroom. And I was like, why wait, why does your skin look so good? And she was like, wait, you've never tried this? And ever since then I have say in my beauty routine, you've probably seen their number one bestseller and allure winner, glowy, super gel all over TikTok. Think of it as your secret weapon for that lit from within. No makeup, makeup glow, ak the signature say glow and get on board with say's slip tin. SPF 35 tinted moisturizer and their iconic liquid cream dew blush two. That is the one that I was introduced to at first was the tinted moisturizer. I was like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. It looks like you're not wearing makeup but you look gorgeous. Boom, boom, boom guys, try it out for yourself. And the glowy super gel. Now everyone wants that like fresh, clean makeup aesthetic. This is going to help you achieve it. And with a do blush boom you're in. So look for that signature lilac packaging and just say, say shop, say exclusively available at Sephora and say hello.com. That's SAIE hello.com.


That's kind of funny, the juxtaposition of like you being a rapper and then having like your glasses and like maybe not like looking the part. Yeah, I think I, I think when I was younger I really was like banking on that juxtaposition. I think I, I think I was like, Ooh, this shock value is gonna be what does it for me. And then I think I got to a point where I took the glasses off and like started like tending to how I looked became slightly more vain. And I was like, I like looking in the mirror and being pleased. I like, I don't really wanna be tethered to these glasses. So that's how the shift came about. Well, Yeah. Were people in your hometown, like I feel like sometimes people are assholes at that age being like, you're a fucking loser. Stop trying to make it, were were people around you supportive or were they like, you're dumb.


Move on. It was split it, it was polarizing for people. People were, it was, it was very divisive. Like people either thought it was super tight that I was doing that or they thought like from a distance, they never would say it to me. I was, I wasn't stuff in the locker material. I was, you know, I was walking through that motherfucker with broad shoulders. Like I wasn't, I wasn't the high school quarterback, but like nobody was fucking talking to me, you know? But there were people that definitely thought I was laying and would shit on me. And I would hear from other schools if people thought it was laying like, oh, you fucked with that kid. This shit's terrible. So it was split. You know what's funny is like, just so anyone listening, the ladies like, I think there's something on Google.


'cause I was gonna give you merch. And I was like, oh, like I, I remember I met him at SNL and like he's taller than I expected. And online there's something of like, he's either five eight or he's like six two. And there's like a misconception. And I think like, people think you're shorter than you are. So I'm here to say you're pretty tall. Thank you. So yeah, you weren't getting stuffed into lockers. Thank you for that too. You, You, you wouldn't have fit. That's right. How would your teachers have described you back then? If they were British? They would've said cheeky. I was well liked by my teachers, but I was not focused on school at all. Good grades. Bad grades. Poor, poor, mediocre.


Like D's or C's. C's and D's. Not failing, getting through, but like not focused, cheating endlessly. Oh You know, it's a skill. Fuck. The thing is, at the beginning of high school we signed like a, did y'all have to do that? We signed like a oath and I was like, fuck man. They could take me to court 'cause I didn't earn my shit. I'll tell you what, How far would you go to cheat? Like did you have any like tricks? I had tricks. Sure. The tricks. Now you're not in schools. Trust Me. I had tricks. Okay. I had tricks. I was, I was just in with the smart girls in, in the classes I was in with 'em.


You could send picture messages when I was in high school. Like, you know, obviously I was, I didn't grow up in the sixties so I'm joking. But if I had a vibe with a girl, she was coming through with 11 attachments, I'm like, she would bless me and I'd be like, mm, I owe you. Oh. So you're just, I'm gonna take care of you. So, because that is a love language right there, ain't it Baby, you helped me cheat. Right. Oh and you'll get, how intimate is that though? How intimate is that? That is special. And I used to just put my arm around like, you, you helped me down. I'm like, oh, I owe you. I don't know what I owe you, but I owe you something. We gonna figure it out.


Was the attention what you gave them or did you ever hook up with anyone that helped you cheat? I'm sure, I'm sure I did. But I don't think it was, I don't know if it was a direct like debt exchange when I did it. Yeah. Yeah. But coincidentally I may have. But it was love. It was love. I always had, I always had a lot of homegirls. Like okay that it didn't have to go anywhere. It was just, there's nothing like the company of a woman. I know I'm in the right arena to be saying that, but I really, I deeply believe that like, it's like it's so relaxed. It is. Yeah. We're pretty great. Yeah. But what I can imagine is like, did you have a girlfriend in high school ever?


I did for a portion of it. How did that go over with her? Of you having all these lady friends? Well, she's at another school. Let me chill. Lemme Chill. I feel like you played, you played a lot of games back in the day. It didn't feel like it. I just was me. I just was, I was, I like to, I just like to have friends. You Get it. You like to have friends with vaginas. It's like, I Wanna move on. 'cause somehow the wounds seem fresh. No matter how long ago it was. It's just like, yo, let's chill. Let's chill. We're literally talking about high school and middle school don't. He's like, whoa. I know. Like, yo, like there's, she gonna hear this. How many girlfriends did you have in high school? I had one. How long? A year?


Oh. Almost on the same shit I'm on now then I, I'm, you know, playing the field, you know, chilling, seeing what's going on. Oh, Assessing the situation. Yeah. You are funny. Okay, we're Moving on. What was the major turning point in your career? If you had to say like one big moment where you were like, oh, people fucking know me now. I mean, what's popping was a huge one. There was little steps up till then. Like there's a lot of people that approached me and tell me at different times in the late 2010s, they became aware of me. Like had these records that would go viral on Twitter from like 20 17, 20 18, 20 19. So it was building. It was building and then so it was, and then it took this big jump with what's popping.


And I remember pulling up at a red light and the person next to me looking over and being like, and that was when I was like, oh, okay, it's here we go. Just I'm out in public. I'm not in my hometown and people are stopping me. So That must be so crazy. Like now understanding that you always kind of were like recognizable in Kentucky, but then to go somewhere else and be like, oh fuck. I think I'm like famous now. How do you handle that? Do you like it? It's very validating. I mean, especially overseas, like walking through New Zealand and Australia and people, people know. It's like you feel that's one of those moments where you take that time to pat yourself on the back.


So it feels really good. It feels good. Do you like the New Zealand women? Yeah. What country have you like maybe liked The most of the ladies? Who shows you some The most love outside of the us? I really like London. Those women know how to talk. You know what I mean? They know how to talk. You like a woman that talks a lot. Yeah. And I like, well yeah, you spun that a certain way. No, not too much. Shut the fuck up. But to a point. Hey, lemme tell you something. You are funny. You are funny. You're kind of funny too.


I mean, I assumed you were. Yeah. But this is proof right here. Okay, thanks. I just think the women over there have a certain wit and certain, you know, they just cheeky. They're cheeky and they feel like they read a lot of books. Growing up. You'd like a strong, confident, smart woman. All those sound good. What's your type? I just like sweethearts, man. I like sweet ass girls. I like sweet ass girls. So if a girl's playing a game with you, are you like, no. Like, do you like a girl that's like, hi Jack, like I like you. Or are you saying just like sweet, nice hearted, but like, maybe they can kind of get you, I'm not saying a girl has to like be a pushover. Let me walk all over her.


That's not what I mean by sweet. I just mean that I don't like mean-spirited energy. Yeah. At all. And I don't like toxicity. I don't that, that's not one of my fetishes. And I know that's, that's gone right now. There's a lot of guys that are into that. They love it. I have no patience for it. I, and I'm glad you asked about games. I don't, I don't wanna play any game. I just want to enjoy. And that's right now. Yeah. That's who I am right now. Yeah. If you ask me this, when I'm, when I turn 30, who Knows? Maybe you're playing the games at 30. Hopefully not. Maybe You're stirring up the toxic, There's no telling. I'm just saying there, there it may shift from sweet to like, yo, I need a woman that is, that challenges the fuck outta me and is at this level is above me, this and that. It's like, that's just where I am right now.


Like, Maybe you want a woman that's like making the bread. I mean, it doesn't sound like the worst thing in the world. Yeah. You mentioned when you were talking about vulnerability, I'm like, what's your biggest insecurity when you were younger and like, do you still feel that way? I Think when I was really young, my teeth were pre braces. My teeth made it, you know when you're like eight years old and your teeth are fucked. Me Too. It's a common one. That was one. Did you get braces where like you would like decorate with the colors on the little? I think I had some blue shit going on. But like Halloween time You did do like black and orange. No, but you did. I did. And it was like disgusting. Like I look back and I'm like, it looks like there's like carrots and black bees in My teeth.


It don't matter then. But no one wanted See that sex. I could totally see you at, at 11 years old. Oh My god. I my two big front teeth and no one, one wanted to finger me. No one wanted to touch me, doc. I was always the girl. Like never on the top five. Never getting fingered. Never. D-M-D-M-D-M. I got the craziest story about fingering. Okay, sure. Lowkey wanted to take this shit to NBC. But we're here. This, you already brought up fingering. I just wanna tell you about a pregnancy scare I had. Okay, here we Go. In middle school. Okay, here we go. So I had this chick I was messing with seventh.


Seventh or eighth grade, I think eighth grade. And she was touching me. I was touching her and a little bit of pre-cum, like got on her hands and my, my hands and you know, about pre-cum. So, so then I, I fingered my girlfriend in middle school and the next day she hit me and she's like, yo, I think I missed my period. And I'm like, now hold on. And I start to, my mind starts racing. My mind starts racing, thinking about it all. And we meet up at the buses and I'm like, you know, I had pre-cum on my fingers when I was touching. I don't know if do you think?


And she was like, and then days went by, I remember, I swear to God, I remember, I remember it so vividly. She texted me, I asked her, I'm like, did you get it? And she's like, I still didn't get it. My period and thunder struck outside my window thunder struck. And I was like, fuck. And I was so convinced this girl was pregnant and I couldn't tell anybody. I didn't have nobody to talk to. You're Like, we're having a baby. Like my parents. I couldn't have told 'em. I even fingered somebody. 'cause it was like, what the fuck are you doing fingering somebody? And so Do you know, if you told your parents, they'd be like, let us teach you a little thing about sex. It would've been such a relief. So it's my birthday weekend ruining my 13th, 12th, or 13th birthday.


Oh. And I remember being at school and I just like leaning against the wall in the hallway as everyone's going into class. And I just slide down the wall and put my head in my hands and start bawling. Like I start fucking crying. 'cause I'm so convinced I just got a girl pregnant and just ruined everything. And it was just dark, dark, dark. And then after school I just was like down in the dumps. I couldn't tell anyone why. And then she came to me and she's like, I got my period. I was so relieved, so relieved. But that was a, that was one of my first tastes of like grownup anxiety. Did you use condoms ever since? Yes. On my fingers too.


Yeah. Wrap that shit up. You know it. Every time you have sex, use a condom. Yeah. And everyone should. Have you ever had sex without a condom? I've always wanted to. You think you'll ever go to the go? Maybe after marriage. Oh, you'll let it go raw. Yeah. What Do you think? It'll feel like I lost my virginity bra. Actually. I'm, what the fuck? And God, it was great in that moment. I was like, oh shit. Because it had taken, it had taken me and her weeks to get it in.


'cause I didn't know you had to wet it up. So I was putting, I was putting dry on dry. I was putting a dry dig against a dry. And I was like, shit's huge. I'm like, this motherfucker won't go. And then, and then I just, you know, spit up straight on and suddenly, and then it just, it just fell in. And I was like, I remember I was in that motherfucker. I looked down around, I was like, are we gonna be here for a minute if I'm lucky? And I started woo. I started wig little and then 45 seconds later, so We gone. I was like, I gotta, I'm about to, I'm about to. But I, I, it is so funny, it's so stupid, but is an amazing moment when you first feel that.


And it's good. I know they teach us around that time. You're getting all this promotion, all this propaganda. Put a condom on in my head. I'm like, all right, all right. Like, come on. Like, I'm going to, but on my first go, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna have a barrier between me and that motherfucker. I wanna feel that shit. Thank God I did because I, I was like, this is why. This is humanity. I felt humanity in one stroke. I felt the cause of humanity in one stroke. We know you love Dua Lipa. Mm. What other celebrities are you crushing on? There's someone, but I don't think it's mutual, so Oh, I don't really wanna talk about it.


Yeah. But like what if you like put it out into the world and it like, And it's not time yet. It's not time. It's not you in, She's beautiful. Well, fucking obviously. Well there's only a few that Are I joking? You're doing great. What Does it say? Just In case you're doubting yourself About this interview? Yeah, you're doing great. Thank you. You're doing great. Thank you. I like your purple pants. Your pink outfit. It goes, did you match it to the studio or does that happen Chance, like it Didn't, I didn't match it to the studio, but there was something about the fit that felt appropriate. You Kind of look like you're the host of this show. You fit more into this room than me At the moment. But you run this shit. Let's be fucking honest.


The fuck. But I, I, I'll tell you, I'll give you something. Okay. I like a girl next door anyway. Hmm. So I don't need any internet presence. I like, I like me a librarian. I like a waitress. Would you like a nurse? You don't know me. You don't know me. You must not know what I Look, I'm, I've written a song about nurses. We really, girls wear scrubs in my shows and I'm not being funny. Okay, let's role play. You're trying to impress me. You're taking me on a date. Yeah. Walk me through what we're doing, where we're going, what's the vibe?


Hmm. I really like going to dinner and obviously that's not revolutionary, but that's just one of my favorite pastimes. Honestly. I love going out to dinner with or without a girl. Like I just love it. I think I would just set up a plan and just tell you what it is and we run it. I don't know, I don't, yeah, I'm not The most extravagant, but I would, I like to be somewhere quiet. I don't want, I don't want music blaring. I don't wanna be yelling over something. I wanna be with you in a dark corner in a booth. And I want us to be able to get as close as we want to get. And you know, exchange smiles, whisper in each other's ear. Like true intimacy. That's like, if I really want to go on a date with a girl, I want to be, I don't wanna go to a movie.


I don't wanna go do an activity. I want to be, I wanna be how you and I are right now. But it, there's ain't no marble table between us. Like, I don't wanna be on each other. When was your last serious relationship? Sometime in the last couple years. How long did it last? A couple years. Have you ever been in love? I'd like to think so. How many times? Potentially once. Well, I hear people describe love and I'm like, yeah, damn. Like that is something. That is something. But I don't know if I've been intoxicated. Like, I felt deep infatuation. But I, I, I've been in love with someone once. I've been in love with someone and love someone and I've felt that, but I don't know if I've felt the highest heights.


I've seen other people go. I've seen people just lose themselves in it. Yeah. And it's like, I'm not, it's not a criticism of it. I'm more just like, wow. Like that is a deep rush. Like I ain't never had that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I bet you will. One day. Thank you. And then I think maybe you'll say, Ooh, like now I'm really in love. Well that's how it seems to go, right? I mean my high school girlfriend, like there might have been a sense of like, oh we're in love. And then you have another one after that and you're like, no, this is it. And then you have another Yeah. Yeah. Go. But don't you that maybe is just also life. Like maybe you're not capable in high school. Like you actually were in that moment in love of what you were capable Getting. Yeah. And you just keep dialing in your preferences and suddenly you're with somebody that fits where you're at right then and you're like, oh yeah, this is what the fuck I've been looking for.


Yeah. A brunette that's sweet in a nurse outfit. Done. Oh, You just gave me chills. The fuck


Daddy Gang. When I think about my wedding, I think of a lot of things. I think about a lot of happiness. I think of stress. But I also think about, oh my God, had Matt and I not had our incredible wedding planners, had I not also had Matt who was basically also helping plan the whole thing. Like I would've been a disaster. Okay. If you are someone that is helping plan a wedding, if you have a wedding coming up, if your best friend has a wedding and you're the bridesmaids or you're the maid of honor, whatever it is, make sure your friend that is a bride, or if you are a bride, you have help. Okay? That is where Zola comes in. Zola is a modern wedding planning for modern couples. No lie with Zola, you can plan your entire wedding in one convenient place while routing on the couch. That sounds like my cup of tea. Okay. And not only does Zola have every tool you need to make planning enjoyable for making your vendor search non anxie inducing to wedding websites and an instant registry that you can literally build with one click. They also really get you. Here's the thing, when you're planning a wedding, there are these challenging expectations that one person will be doing all of the work, right? You're like, oh my God, it's just gonna be one. No, no, no. Here is the thing. They are here to remind you that there is no right way to do things and it's only what works for you. And Zola will have your back from day one to the wedding day. I get it. It is so stressful. Daddy Gang, don't let yourself go through this like decision fatigue. I feel like that is a real thing. When I think about my friends that are now getting married. I'm like, you guys, I know it's so hard to make a decision. You need someone to help you do that. And here you go. Zola. So Daddy Gang, if you're getting married, if you're walking down the aisle, if you're doing the damn thing, start planning@zola.com. That's ZOL a.com.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Better Help Daddy Gang. I have talked to you about how therapy has been such a great investment. A big investment, but a great investment. And because I know the state of my mind and how I feel about myself is so important to me, enjoying life in general and being a good person and being a good friend and being a good daughter and being a good wife, that investment has returned to me tenfold. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with better Help online therapy, you can save on average up to 50 per percent per session. With better help you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should be accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you can get quality care at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it and now it's within reach. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it is convenient. You join a session with the click of a button and boom, you're ready to go. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/daddy to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE lp.com/daddy.


I wanna discuss some of your song lyrics. You say, I'm Vanilla Baby, I'll choke you, but I ain't no killer, baby. Mm. You're smacking the delivery. Ugh. On a scale of vanilla to kinky, where are you at in your sex game? Five. Five. Weak ass answer. Right? Come On. Well, it's just like I have, I have my kinks. I can't front, but I also, if you ask the woman I'm with, it's like, they're like, God damn, I wish I could get this guy to just fucking arche his back on top.


I'm like, I'm not arching my back. You know, I'm putting nothing in my ass. Like, I'm sorry. It's me, it's me. It's just so everybody's got their thing. But I had to be coaxed. I had to be taught, I had to, I had to learn. I had to learn how to talk During sex. Yes. You were a mu I had to learn. Well, when I was 19, yeah. I was just like, I was a breather. But I started to, I started to figure that out And so, you know, people ask for what they want and you're like, some of it, you're like, okay, this is actually turning me up. But then some of it, like the lyric in the song is like, I'll do that for you, but it's not making my dick harder.


But I know it's not, it's not about me in that moment. Can you help me understand? We got vanilla and we got kinky and you're in the middle. So I'm gonna say something to you and you're gonna tell me if it's vanilla or kinky. Okay. Missionary sex. The best. As good as it gets. It's that corner booth in sex form, ain't it? Don't you think sometimes people think missionary would be vanilla, but if you do it the right way, I know they think it is, it's fine with me. That's how we got going though. That's how the homoerectus was done. Like that's, that's default. Like let's just face facts. It's default. We've been oversexualized as a culture and motherfuckers don't wanna look each other in the eye anymore and put their nose on each other's nose and put their tongue down each other's throats while they're getting strokes.


Like, come on. Like there's nothing better, there's nothing better. And everybody has their own preferences. That's fine. It's not objective, but it feels pretty close to objective. Like what you can get in there. Like yeah in there. But I think some people really don't wanna look at each other 'cause they're like, I fucking hate you, but just let's fuck. But you're not like that. You're making sweet love Typically. Every once in a while you gotta roll motherfucker over. But yeah. Yeah, yeah. What, what is your favorite sex position? We are, we Just spent the last 10 minutes on it. You, That is it. If I didn't ask you, you don't know What they call me? No. Wow. What do they Call you? You know I make music, right? Yeah. Fuck off Mj.


Mj. No, they don't. You call yourself that. Nah, that's, I don't know why I got that nickname as a young child. My grandmother called me that at two years old. Missionary Jack. Why? I, I was two years old. My grandma, you know that Simba had that shit? Yeah. She wiped some of that shit on my head. And she's like, he's gonna love missionary. What do you think about whips and chains? Obviously it's in your song. I like no whips and chains, which you can't calm me down. I don't think It's a no go Vanilla Baby. I choke you. I love your takes on my voice. It's 28 telling me I'm still a baby.


Nah, I don't like whips and chains. I don't wanna be okay. I don't wanna be tired. I dunno. Sucking her toes. Who's The girl you're hooking up with? If she said Jack, It would take the right woman. There's someone I could bring it out of me though. I know it. Maybe it's the person earlier that you said you didn't wanna say it, but perhaps. Yep. Sexting. Yeah. Crucial. Crucial. Hot take. Are you the guy that's sending paragraphs? Oh the romance novels. Are you putting like, Then I bend you over and breathe in your ear like, nah. Furthermore, we move forward. I do a lot of, I just like to read with my left hand going, keep going.


Keep that too. I like quickfire and that's how I text. I like to send eight words, six words, five words, one after nine. So I'll send, I'll send somebody 13 texts in a row. I just hate when I read the paragraph if a man has ever sexed me and it's like first and I'm like, oh Jesus Christ, here we go. It's like then moving forward it go and you're like, let's just, Yeah, I mean that'll make you soft. I can't lie. Once they go like that, you're like, eh, that's good effort. My next question was a finger in the butthole. I don't want nothing in my ass, but I don't mind somebody. Hmm.


Like, you know, sifting, sifting, Sifting. Credit carding. You know I'm saying it'll just, that's very intimate. I like being, I like being a little spoon anyway so I don't mind somebody scratching my bag and then saying, ha ha. What about a little lick? I can, I can fuck with that. I could be, I can get cleaned up. I see why you run this shit. You are funny. You are funny. You're, I feel like your dms are gonna be scary after this episode. Daddy Gang goes hard.


Girls listen to this. Only a few. I'm just joking. Well, how do you feel about hand jobs? Traumatized. I mean, my first pregnancy almost came from, once I remember I, I used to love me a hand jobb. Really? And I still, I still, I, I'm a fan. It has to be moisturized. But yeah, I like it. But I just remember that girlfriend I had, she used to stand in front of me at events when I, and she would just work my shit over my jeans. I swear I'd look at that motherfucker later. Bitch was bruised. But at the moment it was like over the jeans. What? Over the hands hand working my shit. I'm leaving there.


Fuck yeah. I've never given one of those. Do you suggest It's too late for you? It's too late. It's too late for you now. It's too late. You passed that period. What's your best skill in the bedroom? R and d? Rhythm and dialogue. Rhythm and dialogue. Rhythm. Underrated. Just like me. Misunderstood too. Do you think you're misunderstood?


I just, I guess I just feel like I, I guess I just feel like I wish I fit in. I don't know. What are you saying in the bedroom? What are you doing over there? Are you at now after you went through your breathing faiths? 'cause That's like, because now I don't breathe. There Is, I had, I had work to be done and Yeah, met somebody older than me and so I think it just turned my, my dialogue up. They said, let me teach you. Yeah. And it got out. It just became very like, express what you feel right now. Just express it. You don't need no lines. You wrote earlier. Say what you feel right this moment so that anyone watching out there, that's what I recommend.


Literally stream of consciousness is the best thing you could do. Like what are you feeling against your flesh right now? Describe it if you can vividly describe it. Talk about it. Talk about how you feel about it, what you want, what you want for them. Say it. Let it be known literature. Are you good at detecting if a woman is faking an orgasm? Damn. No, I'm not So sad. So many women have probably faked it.


You're awesome. Like think about all the women. I mean, surely, surely don't wanna go to dinner later, so For sure. Because you're gonna pay and like yeah on. You know what it is. Come on, Make It up. They want the Uber ride home. Hang it Up. Come on. Let's talk about your new single. It is really good. Thank You. It's like, it's Nice to see you say something so earnest. I know it was hard for you. I know you're switching right back into character here shortly. But that moment meant a lot to me. It is really good. Thank you. It's so catchy. It's, it's the Jack Harlow we know and love. And I think it must, can you talk to me though, how it must feel like when you see it's like so popular right now, trending on as we know TikTok is so important right now for like music.


Also, what does it feel like when you wake up and you're like, everyone's making a fucking TikTok about my song. Impact is always so validating. And I dropped an album earlier this year called Jackman that I would say like wasn't even in the TikTok universe. Obviously there's people on TikTok 'cause so many people are on there that took it in. But it wasn't a TikTok moment the way this has been or first class has been. And that album meant the world to me and it was extremely introspective and personal and I love it. It might be my best work thus far. And then to pivot back into something that is high octane, just fun and like it comes on and it's like, it's not, it's not serious.


It's like, let's enjoy ourselves. Feels really good. Yeah, because a lot of what I was making this year is intimate, it's intimate. It's for the headphones, it's personal experience. This song is like, you could feel it. You wanna play it at a show. Yeah. Yeah. Is that annoying though? Like as musicians watch, it's like, it's kind of wild how influential TikTok is right now of like there are people that their whole career started 'cause they hit one beat and one song and people are like, who the fuck is this? So like, is it annoying? Do you ever have to think of like what's gonna work and like what would maybe be better on social media? Well, for example, like that album I put out, I didn't make a single TikTok for it because it was like, this ain't that.


But this song I knew, like, I had such a feeling about it. Like I just wanna, 'cause I know as soon as it came on I was playing it for people and it just felt like something like, the masses need to hear this. Yeah. So of course you put some thought into like, yeah I feel like this is gonna, they're gonna fuck with this. But I don't know if it's annoying. I mean it's, it's where fucking culture is. Yeah. And culture continues to move. There was something 10 years ago that was happening to the music industry that was so annoying for people. I mean the streaming switch, there's a world of people like, oh this is, and TikTok is a, is a weapon, it's a vehicle. And of course there's people that are working on there, but longevity's longevity. So we we're gonna eventually see who translates it to something more.


But it's the weapon right now. Yeah. It's What it is. It's crazy. It's so, It's unbelievable. It's crazy. It's unbelievable. What, what is your writing process like? I like you in this bag. You do? I didn't know you had this in you. Yeah, I, I'm a business woman. Like I Respect the hustle. I can tell I'm joking. We can like joke around and talk About that. I see how much range you got. Thank You. My writing process, typically I walk through life, have conversations and I'll say something to somebody like, we're talking here and a first line will appear to me and I'll be like, Ooh, that's a good way to start a song. And I'll just write the first line down and suddenly I'll have this collection of first lines in my notes.


So then I go in the studio and a beat plays and if I love a beat, I put it on and I start running through the first lines and saying different first lines on the beat. And one of them just will slide right into place. Like it'll just be like, and then my song starts. It's not always what it is. But for me that is what has happened to me so many times is like I come up and if you notice a lot of my songs, I put an emphasis on the first line. Like I really care about the first thing you hear being like, okay, here we go. And like Tyler Hero for me, the ones that hit me The most looked just like me. Like that was something I just had been wanting to save. And you're just waiting for a beat to place it. That's so interesting. Yeah. And then you take the other ones and hold them until you find another beat for them.


Yeah, Yeah. Or something. And then you have the occasion like on Loving On Me Vanilla Baby was, I heard the beat and he was talking about, I don't like no whips and chains. And I was like, okay, I get the subject matter. And the first thing I thought of was like, Vanilla Baby. And you just mumble something out and you're like, okay, I'm in a groove. Let me lay this down. So sometimes the beat dictates it. You just get a feeling That's so crazy. So do you a lot of times go in there and since you're recording, like you'll just say a bunch of random shit that will stick and then you can listen back and be like, oh, I like what I said. I used to, it's, it's like it gets too messy for me. Yeah. And then you end up loving how you did something and you compromise. You write a weak line just 'cause you want that bounce. Mm. So I try, I prefer to have the words written before I go in the booth.


Yep. And a lot of my songs are one take. Like first time I laid it down because it was so, it was practiced before I got in there. Yeah. How long? So it, it doesn't take you that long to record a song. Depends if it's going, most good songs don't take long because you're not getting in the way of, there's no self-doubt flooding it. Like it's just flowing and whatever. Sending it down to you, you're vomiting it out instead of like, oh, I shouldn't say that. Ooh, they're not gonna like that. Ooh, they're gonna like this. That's when you get stuck and you only have three lines and it's been two hours. Yeah. But when it's going it's just, it's, you can't stop it. What is it like when you go into the studio? I feel like so many people have like a certain vibe they need.


Like are you, do you have a lot of people in the studio? Do you have no one? Do you set a vibe? Do you like candles? Do you need certain snacks? Like what's your I used to wanna be alone. I didn't want, I didn't want people in there. I thought, I don't wanna be judged. Yeah. I wanna be able to be myself. And I actually realized what brings me out is an audience. Someone to impress, whether that's the producers in the room, maybe I invite a girl through and you just activate your swag a little bit because you wanna walk outta the booth and have those two people, those four people be like, yo, you fucking, you crush. Yeah. Because there are a crowd of 10,000 people in that moment. Right. So if you have someone to impress, it goes a really long way. I'm always impressed by people that can, like, I can write really intimate, introspective stuff alone 'cause I'm alone.


Yeah. But to make bangers like where I'm popping shit and it's compelling and has conviction. I need an audience. That's, I, I could see that like, you almost start to flex a little bit more and like you'll go for stuff more. Yeah. You posture And you're like, you, you're trying to, you know, you're trying to impress the person in the room and oftentimes they made the beat and so it's this exchange. Right. They play you the beat and they're like, you gotta fuck this up. And you're like, I'm about to fuck this up for you. And you go in there and you lay something, you come out, y'all both listen to it and you start and it's like, it's euphoric all you want in that. 'cause there's no one else there. All you want in that moment is the people you're with to be like, you killed that. Right. That's fire. You might write based on who's there. 'cause you know, they'll like, if I do this, I'm so happy for you.


I feel like why I love doing this is 'cause like, as much as we joke, like getting to know you, being younger, running through the streets, like giving your mix tapes out, handing people CDs, like it's cool to see someone that always knew what they wanted to do and then doing it even if you don't have like the biggest stage and like still running with it. And then to get to where you are now and seeing your success. Like, thank you. Congratulations. It's really cool. Thank you. You strike me as somebody that's very driven and knows what they want to, so I appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. What should fans expect to see from you next? I'm active. I'm, I'm, I'm feeling good. I can't lie.


I'm ready to keep coming. I, I ain't, I ain't going no hiatus. I'll say that. Yeah. More coming. Oh Yeah. I think we want that. I'm hungry. I know. We Want that. I'm hungry. I'm very, I'm very hungry. I Can tell I have a chip on my shoulder And you should keep it that way. I I'll for as long as I can. It's gonna be sitting there. I'm really excited to see what comes next for your career. This new song is amazing. Obviously we all want another album, tours all the good things, but for now we will take the song and I love it. Thank You. I Really do. Thank you. It's such a vibe. I've been listening to it like an annoying amount. That's wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I need. Jack, thank you so much Coming. It's been been a pleasure.


I'm not just saying that. It's fun. Right? It's been fun. Thank you. Thank you for taking it easy on me. Lucky You didn't really gimme me a choice, but I didn't wanna like disrespect you and like push you too Much. That's nice of you. Thank you. Thank You for coming on. Call Her Daddy. Thanks for having me. We did it. We did it. That wasn't that bad, Right? That was wonderful. That was fun. That's A hit. That's a hit. That's a hit.


Thanks to Leb by Eve St. Laurent. For sponsoring today's episode, make a statement with Leb Lnu, the fragrance that sets you apart. Shop now at Sephora.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit i uud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. 20 more minutes to kill in the pharmacy before my prescription is ready. Maybe I'll grab some deeply discounted out of season Halloween candy. Hmm. I never had a chocolate pumpkin with raisins before. Those were raisins. Right? Next time use Amazon Pharmacy. We deliver and no, those were not raisins. Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.