
Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast. To start your free trial today,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Burger King. It's cold, it's sweet, it's tangy and crunchy. And it's here for a limited time only. Daddy Gang, get yourselves over to Burger King where you can sip on your newest obsession. The new frozen strawberry and nerds drink. The strawberry flavor on its own is so refreshing and divine, but the tanginess and crunchiness of the nerds elevate the experience making it a 10 out of 10 available at participating us Burger King restaurants. This is the pairing you didn't know you needed.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Rosetta Stone. New season, new energy upgrade. You invest in yourself with Rosetta Stone. Daddy Yang. There is nothing more attractive than when someone can speak multiple languages. There's also nothing more invigorating than continuing to learn as we all get out of school. How are we continuing to push ourselves? Right? Don't wait. Unlock your language learning potential. Now Call Her Daddy. Listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash Call Her Daddy to get started and claim your 50% off today.


Hello Daddy Gang. Welcome back to another episode of Call Her Daddy. This week's guest is Jane Goodall. I am freaking out. Okay, I am so excited for you to watch this episode. Jane has dedicated her life to science and has made groundbreaking discoveries. She is truly a trailblazer and has paved the way forward for generations of women. Before we get into this interview, I did wanna take a moment to acknowledge that I think that this episode might be a little different than what you're used to on Call Her Daddy every week. I know a lot of you come here to get to know some of the biggest celebrities on a more intimate level.


And it obviously doesn't hurt when they spill some tea, but sometimes I think it's good to switch it up and step away from the conversations that we're having on social media constantly 24 7. And so I wanted to sit down with someone who has spent their life truly connected to the real world. And that is why this conversation with Jane is genuinely so special. Dr. Jane Goodall is 91 years old. The oldest guest that we've had on Call Her Daddy and the wisdom that she carries is unlike anything that I've ever experienced sitting across from her. I felt it.


Her presence, her perspective, it was so grounding in a way that I didn't realize I even needed. And I want you to feel that too today. So I suggest watching this episode alone. Whether you are on a walk, you're at the gym, you're laying in bed, you're at your home, you're at work, whatever it be, I just ask that you give yourself the space to really absorb what she is saying because I promise it's worth it. So let's get into it. What is Up? Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy.


Daddy. Daddy Dr. Jane Goodall. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Hi. Hello. How are you Doing? Well, You know, this is, I'm in the middle of a American Spring tour and it's pretty exhausting, to be honest. Yesterday was super exhausting. Can you tell me a little bit about what you're doing? Well, what I'm doing is trying to help people understand that we're going through very dark times and if we don't get together and start doing what each of us can to make the world a better place, you know, the future's very uncertain. That's why I'm really excited that you're here today because I, you walk into a room and I can just feel your wisdom and the things that you have learned throughout your life.


It's like an honor to even just get to sit down with you for an hour. I love how you're like working so hard and it's, isn't it your birthday tomorrow? It is my birthday tomorrow, Jane. It's just, it's another way of, you know what, what do I have to do? What's the hardest thing I have to do is raise money for all the different projects. Yeah. You know, and people think, oh, Jane must be wealthy. She gives these lectures, she gets lots of money. Yes. But the money goes to our projects. Do you ever take time for yourself? Like are you gonna celebrate on your 91st birthday? What are we doing tomorrow, Jane? People Like to celebrate my birthday the whole year. So I get all these birthdays and all these birthday cakes.


I didn't bring you a cake today because I knew you always get cakes from people, so I brought you whiskey instead. Oh, that's super. Yeah. You, you like whiskey, right? Yes. Well you know, my mother, she, she died when she was 98 and she was sharp to the end, although she had Parkinson's, but she couldn't, she just didn't drink water. She said it didn't agree with her. I don't like much water either. She couldn't drink wine so her tipple was whiskey. So we, we made a thing that seven o'clock, wherever I was, I would raise a toast to her. That is so sweet.


And I love that your mom was like, water doesn't agree with me. I'm more of a whiskey gal. What is your favorite kind of whiskey? Oh, I, not the very expensive multi ones. I hope you didn't get a very expensive, I Got you one that's like, it's my favorite whiskey recently. It's this Japanese whiskey. Oh, that's very good. You'll Be taking it home today. What did you do for your 90th birthday? That's a big one. Oh, that again was celebrated the whole year of, the only thing I really, really liked was when I was greeted on the beach by 90 dogs. 90 dogs.


90 dogs. What? See, that's why I brought Henry today. I know, I have not, I said to you, I said I, I have not brought Henry in a wild 'cause you wanna be respectful. You don't know when people are dog people are not. And when I knew that you're a dog person, immediately selfishly, I'm like, Henry needs to meet the great Jane. Like I was like, you have to meet him and he needs to meet you. 90 dogs who facilitated that 90 dogs and it was in Carmel, Carmel on the sea. It was a, an off leash part of the beach and everybody brought their dogs. And so, oh, throwing sticks in the sea and, and then it began to rain and then it stopped raining and it was just amazing. It was wonderful.


I like believe maybe that's like a part of what heaven feels like is just like you open your eyes and there's just dogs everywhere. Happy, running free. Yeah. And we've got a great photo of all the owners with their dogs and me sitting in front with the sea behind us. It's a great photo. I love it. You mentioned you travel 300 days a year for work. I Jane, I get exhausted from a week of travel. Like what is your secret? How do you do it? Well I do it because I have to, you know, I've, it probably sounds, probably sounds strange to you, but I've now, by now being, you know, 90, I feel that I was put on this planet with a mission.


And right now, as I said, we're going through dark times and the big problem is people are losing hope. Many people come up to me and say, well I look around all that's going wrong in the world. And I, I just feel helpless and you know, so I say, well you can't solve the problems of the world. But what about where you live? Your community? Yeah. Is there something there you feel you might like? You don't like litter on the, on the, on the pavement or you don't like they're planning to dig up a little forest to put yet another super mall, go and do something about it. But you saying that you feel like you've been put on this earth with this mission.


Like does it ever feel like too much of a burden to carry on your own And how as much as you put into it, if you're not getting out of it, like do you ever become exhausted? Well the thing is, you know, this mission keeps me going 'cause there's so much to do. Yeah. And if we lose hope, we are doomed because if you lose hope, you become apathetic and do nothing. But I'm not alone. You know, the Jane Goodall Institute is now in 25 countries, different chapters and in addition there's our program for young people, roots and truths, which is humanitarian and environmental and that's in 75 countries.


Wow. How incredible that you have left such a legacy that whether you were doing it or not doing it, it will now live on forever. Hopefully. You said, you said you have left. I'm not dead yet. No, I'm saying if you left and stopped, Jane, I mean if you left and you decided like it's time to retire, like I want to just go and relax on a beach somewhere. Like if you decided to not do it like that is, I feel like the test of a real legacy is knowing that it is going to just keep living on 'cause you've like touched so many people. No, not yet. I mean you still gotta work too. I can't retire as long as, as long as I can, you know? And if I become physically disabled, if my brain works, I want to do more writing.


'cause I love writing Your little friend sitting next to you, what is his name again? Mr. H. Mr H. Okay. I need this story because I wanted to ask you, obviously you've had such an incredible career, but for some of my younger audience who maybe are becoming fans of you today or are fans of you, can you talk about like how you got into what you do and what you love and also how does Mr. H play into your story? Okay, well let me, let me deal with Mr. H first. Okay, let's get to it. I can put him away. Perfect. Mr H was given to me 34 years ago by a man who thought he was giving me a stuffed chimpanzee. His name is Gary Horne.


He was blinded in the US Marines when he was 21. Anyway, he thought he was giving me a stuffed chimp and I made him hold the tail. I said, Gary chimps don't have tails. He said Nevermind, take him with you and you know my spirit's with you. So he's been with me to 64 countries and he's extremely famous and if you touch him, I say, if you stroke him, the inspiration rubs off. So you asked how I got into it. Yes. I was born loving animals and The most important thing in my young childhood is my mother because she supported me.


So when I was one and a half years old, I don't remember this, but she told me, she came into my room and found I'd taken a whole handful of Wrigley earthworms to bed and instead of getting angry like most mothers, 'cause you know she just said, she told me later, Jane, you are looking so intently. I think maybe you were wondering how they walk without legs. So we took them back into the earth. Anyway, the point of that is that was the making of a little scientist asking questions, not getting the answer, deciding to find out for yourself, making a mistake, not giving up and learning patience.


And a different mother might have crushed that early curiosity. And I might not be talking to you now. I feel like there's so many people that could be listening that envy that, right? Because so much of when you're young, you're able to flourish based off of the environment that you grow up in. And there's a lot of kids that dream of things and maybe it's cute when they're young, but as they start to get old, then the adults are like, that's not realistic. You can't make a career out of that. That's right's. That's exactly right. When you told people that your dream in life was to go to Africa and to research, what was the reaction


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb? Okay, so I have a trip booked currently and we got an Airbnb in the desert. I'm so excited. It is this gorgeous lavish house that I really wanted to be with my friends, my childhood friends are coming into town and I didn't want to do a hotel because I was like, I wanna be super close with my girls. I want everyone sleeping in the same space but also having our own room so we have privacy and we're all together. And that is where Airbnb is just the best and Airbnb is the best way to make your trip. One to remember because you get to explore not only a new city but a new space in that city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. Grab groceries at the local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants. If you just want to go somewhere but you don't know really where yet let Airbnb make the decision for you. Guest favorites might inspire you and perhaps even create a new tradition. And if you have goals for the new year but you're worried about how to maintain them when you're traveling, Airbnb makes it easy. With plenty of privacy and kitchen space, you can still make health and wellness priority while you're away from your home. Daddy Gang, we know traveling can be sometimes like overwhelming. You're like, oh my gosh, there's gonna be so much going. Let Airbnb make you feel cozy wherever you go. As you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb, you want a big kitchen, you want a gym, maybe you wanna bring your dog. Shout out Henry and Bruce Airbnb is my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Bonds Australia is home to some of the world's deadliest killers, snakes, spiders, sharks, Crocs. So how is it? Aussies are so laid back simple. They're all wearing comfy bonds. Undies, boom. Okay, you like that. Transition Bonds is Australia's most loved underwear brand, which just launched here in the states. The undies and bras are super soft and supportive, designed to be worn all day long. I cannot take uncomfortable underwear. Like it's not even an option for me. I am not someone that can just put on underwear and I'm like so uncomfortable all day. I'd rather go commando. Okay, but I obviously wanna be wearing underwear. So boom, we have bonds finally in the states. Daddy Gang, if you are someone that needs a refresh, you need, you're looking at your underwear drawer and you're like, I haven't bought new underwear in so long. Get bonds. If you want to get your hands on a pair, we've got an exclusive code. Head to bonds australia.com and enter, Call Her Daddy at checkout to get 30% off. That's B-O-N-D-S australia.com. Bonds made for down under terms and conditions apply offer ends 6th of July, 2025.


When you told people that your dream in life was to go to Africa and to research, what was their reaction? Well, you have to have to remember to start with, I grew up in the war started when I was five and you know, we didn't have much money. My father went off to join the army and we went to live with my grandmother. It was house of women and me and my sister, my mother and her two sisters and my, my grandmother. And because there was no television back then hadn't been invented. Which young, you probably find it hard to imagine, don't you?


I find it hard, but I feel like I talked so much to my grandmother about her life because I am just naturally want to know about people's life experiences. So if anything, I think there's a part now where we envy that. And I know that probably sounds weird, where like I envy the older generations having a much more like simplistic lifestyle because I do think it's kind of like corroding our brains in a capacity. Yeah, no doubt. Yeah. But anyway, you know, so I learned from being outside with nature, watching the squirrels and the birds garden in England and from books. I love books. And do you know Dr.


Doolittle? Yes, Of course. Yes. Well I found the book of Dr. Doolittle when I was eight, came from the library and then I used to save up just a few pennies of pocket money. My sister bought sweets with them, I saved them and I found a little secondhand bookshop and on I was 10 years old and I found this tiny cheap edition of Tarzan of the Apes. Well you know, no, no TV Tarzan, no film, just the book. So I fell in love with this glorious lord of the jungle. And what did Tarzan do? He married the wrong Jane. So no, so anyway, I knew there wasn't a tarsem.


That's when my dream began. I would grow up, go to Africa, live with wild animals and write books. No thought of being a scientist. No thought of, you know. And everybody said that's ridiculous. I mean you don't have money, Africa's far away and you are just a girl, not my mom. She said, if you really want to do something like this, you're going to have to work really hard. Take advantage of every opportunity and if you don't give up, hopefully you find a way. And that's the message I take around the world, particularly in disadvantaged communities. And I wish mom was alive and maybe she's listening, the number of people who said, Jane, I want to thank you.


You've taught me because you did it. I can do it too. I'm curious if you saw, 'cause it's incredible the way you're speaking about your mom and how impactful she was in giving you this confidence to go forward with your dream. Did you see your mom living her life the way that she encouraged you to do it? Because I feel like sometimes with generations it's like they didn't get to do certain things. So then they're like with their kids, they're like, go and do it and do it all. I wish I could have like, was your mom someone that got to live out her dreams? Well unfortunately, you know, she had two sisters and a brother.


She was the third. So the brother went on to be a, a surgeon, a brilliant surgeon. And her older sister was the first person to be qualified first, first girl to be qualified as a physiotherapist. And mom was also going to college to do music. But the war came and her father died. And sorry, not the war, it was her father dying and then there was no money left so she couldn't go to college. So she became a secretary. So she had a good life, but not the life that she probably would've dreamed of.


So I was lucky I for sure My dream came true. Yeah. And I'm sure there was something, I mean I'm not a mother, but from what I can understand and talking to so many women who have children, like there is something innately in you that you want your child to have a better life than you have even more experiences and more opportunities. And it's just, I think it's beautiful to hear the way that you speak about your mother and how much she was willing to sacrifice in her life to make sure that you got what you needed. Parents, parents need to be supportive, you know? Okay, so you are a little boy of three. I'm going to be an engine driver. Oh don't be silly, you're not going. But why not say, wow, you'll be a fabulous engine driver of the best engine driver because you know, they won't be an engine driver but make them feel good.


But I bet that's what your mom in her brain were like, oh, there's no way Jane's actually gonna go to Africa. There's no way She's a, and then you did it all. How often do you think in your career were you prejudged for being a woman and the way that you looked and then slowly you were able to garner the respect because of the work you were putting in? Well I think I was kind of lucky because it wasn't a male dominated field because there weren't, nobody really was going out at that time. Now of course everybody's studying and back then there were two primate studies and a giraffe study.


Most studies were in captivity. And so everybody, you know, it was, it wasn't like it is today. Yeah. And I was really lucky I had the whole field. I mean nobody had studied chimps in the wild, But studying chimps in the wild. Like I need to understand from your perspective, you weren't going into a lab, you're going into the wilderness, you're going to be surrounded by animals. At the time you had no formal training. Like were you scared at all or did you have any hesitations?


No, I wasn't scared. It was my dream. Remember? And there were, there were two problems. First, money, always money. 'cause I mean, as you say, I wasn't trained, hadn't been to college. But finally got money for six months from a, an American philanthropist. And second, the, it was Tanika back then Tanzania today. And the British authorities said, we won't take responsibility. This a stupid idea. Young girl going in the forest in the end they said, oh, all right, but she can't come alone. That was when my amazing mother volunteered to come. That's incredible.


Yes. So, so, and we, you know, our, our expedition was a shoestring. We had one old secondhand tent between us. We had to take a cook and we had scant supplies, but I was, you know, up in the hills every day. You were 26 years old. Like that is so incredible to know that you basically took a pretty untraditional trajectory with your life and you took a risk and you went for something that you know, you were passionate about. Could you give any of my listeners a b, we have a lot of young women listening who maybe they're thinking right now of like, should I take a risk, whether it's with their career or their life trajectory, what it, whatever it be.


Like, do you have any advice in taking risks as a young adult? Well, I can only think of the advice my mother gave me. You know, if you want to do something, work hard and take advantage of opportunity, the key thing is you've got to know you really want to do it. So today, you know, people take gap years and that's really good because you can find out, is this really what I want to spend my life doing? And also I meet young people and they, they're perhaps in their second year at, at university and they say, well you know, I actually made a mistake but I can't change now.


Well that's the biggest mistake because if this is going to be the rest of your life, change now while you can into a different, you know, different career path. It's such a great lesson because I feel, I feel like there's two types of people growing up. Either there's the person similar to yourself where you have this unwavering undying love for something that you just know innately in your soul. Like, I have been called to do this, I want to do this. And then there are people who are a little lost or confused and that is also a very normal path and they have to find what they love and they have to find what they're passionate about.


And I think a lot of times people in that category find themselves just trying to do things that other people are doing around them because oh well my friend's doing this, maybe I will do it. And it's hard to just originally find what makes you happy. So I love that advice of like, if you genuinely to your core know that this isn't what you want. Well first you need to just try it to know you don't want it and to go for it first and then if you hate it. Yep. And you know, there's another thing that some women really want to be homemakers and yet the, it's it's getting so that they're despised. You want to stay at home and you want to cook and you want to look after your children instead of being out there having a career and you know, standing up shoulder to shoulder with your male counterparts.


Well that's wrong too because if, if, if that makes you really happy, then but your, your children will be happy. Your husband if you have one or your boyfriend or whoever probably will be happy. Yeah. And happiness is so important. It's the king of Bhutan who made this happiness index and it's fascinating to see, you know, that getting more and more money and more and more fame and more and more, you know, doesn't necessarily make people happy. I think that's a very important topic that you just brought up that I think would be very helpful for people listening also about feeling like, you know, being a stay at home mom in a beautiful way.


I think there's a lot of women who are now trailblazing in specific industries and that's obviously such an incredible accomplishment that women are even allowed to sit next to men in rooms now. But I also think that there is no doubt that being a mother is a full-time job and to not acknowledge the women who are fulfilled by that is also putting women down in a different capacity. It is in a different way. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, if we go back to the child, if The most important thing for the child is to be supported by 2, 3, 4 people who are consistently there, it doesn't have to be the biological mother.


So I met the chief of a Latin American indigenous tribe and he said to me, he said, Jane, we see our tribe as like an eagle. One wing is male, the other wing is female. And only when they're equal will the tribe fly high. Jane, I just wanna pause. Like I wish everyone could hear that. That's incredible. And yet so many people don't believe that. No they don't. And you know, thing is there are female characteristics and male characteristics. We all have both.


Yep. But basically we need both. We need the, the sort of more dominating male characteristics to stand up to things in life that might knock us down. Yeah. But we need the more nurturing role of the woman. We need both. We do. And I feel like especially in the like social and political climate right now, the brute is, is being rewarded and people think that being tough and masculine and aggressive is the way to always go. And we always see the pendulum swing. Like once we've had enough of that, then we will go back to the nurturing.


And if we were able to establish a more like coexisting life, then both things could be present at the same time. But I feel like we're going so far to one side that then we almost feel like we have to overcorrect and go to the other. And it's exhausting. But you know, it's so sad. I've lived long enough to see this pendulum swing moving towards, oh we need more males. We need, oh in this society we need to have, you know, a masculine society to deal with what we're going through. That's not right. It's not, and I can't imagine the feeling it evokes in you to have watched women start to garner more rights only for it to almost be taken away to the point that we're losing more than previous generations for us.


Something I was thinking about with your career also is, you know, you talked about how there was no one really, it wasn't even a male dominated field, it wasn't a field. And so you were venturing into this Unknown territory. Yes, yes. Which is exciting and exhilarating. But I'm curious about the aspect of isolation. Like in any form and time during your career where you're experiencing being alone in these pretty intense moments. Like did you feel lonely or were you just alone? Nope, I've never felt lonely. And some of the happiest days of my life I, I did eventually get a degree in Cambridge and then I went back to Gombe, you know, the chimp study and I could spend hours and hours alone in the rainforests learning.


Yes. More about the chimpanzees, but also about this complex ecosystem where every plant and animal has a role to play and they're all interdependent. And what I discovered was that if you are out in a beautiful place with someone, someone you love or you know your family or something, then it's human beings in a beautiful environment. But when I was alone, there was, I wasn't, it was just, I was part of that world not separated from it by being a human in that world.


It's hard to explain and it didn't happen that often, but when it did, it was, it was a very basically spiritual experience. Understandably, I'll never probably understand like the level that you're describing of being immersed in that world and being alone. But I think we can all relate on some level of if you do go watch a sunset by yourself and you're sitting in a canyon or your backyard and you're alone and when you do things solo, there is like a deeper connection that you have. If you take a walk on the beach and there's no one there. If you're in water and you're alone, like there is, being alone is has so much power because you're really forced to also like connect with all of your senses.


But it's so rare, I believe that the recent generations are doing that because they've always got the phone and they have Oh yes, yes. Oh yes, that thing Jane, that thing. That thing. Could you give any advice on how can young adults get more comfortable with being alone? I mean, are you alone if you're always on Facebook or Instagram or video games? Are you really alone? No, not really. No. Because I think something that I envy honestly, and I'm sure there are gonna be people listening to this, that it's almost like it can make people emotional is like the way that you talk about this.


Like genuine happiness and this connectivity you felt in your life to being at a place in time where you were so immersed in a world and completely disconnected from humanity and all those things that really bring just more crap to our lives and moments. Yes, it's beautiful to connect with humans, but we rarely are alone. I feel like there's a lot of young kids that feel like they're alone and they're laying in their bed, but then they're scrolling and they're watching other people and so they're just observing what other human beings are doing. Yeah. And what other PE people are feeling and talking about.


And you're just not actually having to self-reflect in any capacity. You're actually just like consuming an exorbitant amount of content that is then like shaping the next hour of your life. And then you're standing up and you feel depressed and you're curious as to why you don't feel fulfilled. And it's like, because you just watched everyone else living and you just sat and consumed it for hours. Now go live your life. And I think that's what's so incredible about your story and your journey is how much you went and have lived and experienced and you love life. Can you share with me the moment that you obviously had this incredibly huge breakthrough discovery when you observed a chimpanzee using tools in the wild?


What does that moment mean to you? Still to this day,


Call her daddies brought to you by Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. Acorns lets you get started with spare money that you've got right now, no expertise needed. Acorns recommends a diversified portfolio that can help you weather all of the market's ups and downs. You just need to stick with it. And Acorns makes that easy to Acorns automatically invest your money, giving it a chance to grow with time. Daddy Gang, make sure you are looking out for yourself any extra spare cash you should be investing. So sign up now and join the over 14 million all-time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion. With Acorn Plus Acorn will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available@acorns.com slash Call Her Daddy. That's a r.com/c L-L-H-E-R-D-A-D-D-Y to get your $20 bonus investment today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorn advisors LLC and SEC registered investment advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash Call Her Daddy,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Bonds Australia is home to some of the world's deadliest killers, snakes, spiders, sharks, Crocs. So how is it Aussies are so laid back simple. They're all wearing comfy bonds undies. Boom. Okay, you like that. Transition Bonds is Australia's most loved underwear brand, which just launched here in the states. The undies and bras are super soft and supportive, designed to be worn all day long. I cannot take uncomfortable underwear. Like it's not even an option for me. I am not someone that can just put on underwear and I'm like so uncomfortable all day. I'd rather go commando. Okay, but I obviously wanna be wearing underwear. So boom, we have bonds finally in the states, Daddy Gang, if you are someone that needs a refresh, you need, you're looking at your underwear drawer and you're like, I haven't bought new underwear in so long. Get bonds. If you want to get your hands on a pair, we've got an exclusive code. Head to bonds australia.com and enter, Call Her Daddy at checkout to get 30% off. That's B-O-N-D-S australia.com. Bonds made for down under terms and conditions apply offer ends 6th of July, 2025.


You obviously had this incredibly huge breakthrough discovery when you observed a chimpanzee using tools in the wild. What does that moment mean to you still to this day? Well, it was, you know, for the first four of my six months money, the chimps ran away. I mean they just finished into the forest and I just had to learn from a distance with binoculars. And then one chimpanzee began to lose his fear and let me get a bit closer. And he had beautiful white hair on his chin. I called him David Gray beard. And on this day I was walking through the forest and I saw him sitting on a termite mound.


So he was pulling out this with termites, hanging on and eating them. And sometimes he was picking leafy twigs, then he had to strip the leaves to make a tool. And the reason this was so exciting is that at that time it was thought by western science that only humans used and made tools. We were defined as man, of course man, the toolmaker. And so when I wrote to my mentor Louis Leaky, he was just so excited. And so as we are defined as man, the toolmaker, he said, we must redefine tool redefine man or accept chimpanzees as humans.


And that was when the National Geographic stepped in and said, well, Jane's money runs out, we'll continue to support her. And so then I could relax. And really I got to know those chi chimpanzees almost like members of my family. You have had so many moments in your career where you've had to walk into rooms and explain something that maybe people had never heard before where you're like, no, trust me, I saw it, this is what happened. And I think a lot of that takes, yes, having the truth on your side, but confidence to be able to walk into a room and do that. Like do you have advice for women listening of how they can advocate for themselves in an intimidating work situation?


Hmm. Well I've been intimidated, don't worry. The first time I had to give a lecture I thought I would die. And for the first, I know it seemed forever, I couldn't even breathe. But nobody noticed. And so basically because I was so terrified of speaking in public, I practiced and I made a vow. I will never read a speech and I won't say alman and if you listen, you find a very som in the odd arm. But basically I don't. And so my advice to people is, you know, be sure of what you are going to say and if necessary practice.


Like before every lecture, even if I've given the same one the for the previous week, I always write down the point. So it's, my mind is totally focused and always remember you've given this speech before, but now you are talking to people who haven't heard it. So you've got to put the same enthusiasm. Like I think there's a lot of people that are crippled with that anxiety of like, I can't, I can't, I can't. Like where do you internally go when you need to push through in moments? Well, I don't really know that first time I did it because I had to do it geographic, it was for the National Geographic, it was to 5,000 people in the constitution Form.


Okay Jane. Whoa. And if, if I didn't, you know, the geographic were paying for my field research, I had some students by then and I had to do it. So you do what you have to do. Right? So I knew I had to do it. I practiced, I and, and I just felt I can't let, I can't let leaky down, I can't let the geographic down. So you just grit your teeth and it's a bit like going to the dentist. You don't really look forward to it, but you have to do it. But you go and say to yourself, you know, I'll, I'll be really brave and it will be over.


That's so real though, because then once it's over you're like, oh, that wasn't as bad as I thought it was gonna be. Well I found I could do it. You see, Can we talk about the National Geographic, you were on the cover and the first cover you had, there was this intense focus first. Well it was obviously supposed to be about the work and your research, but there was an intense focus around you and how you looked and your body. What types of comments were people making about you? Oh well some of the jealous male scientists will say, well you know, she's just got this notoriety and she's getting money from geographic and they want her on the cover.


And they wouldn't put her on the cover if she didn't have nice legs. So if somebody said that today, they'd be sued, right. Back then, all I wanted was to get back to the chimps. So if my legs were getting me the money, thank you legs. And if you look at those covers, they were jolly nice legs. Oh my gosh. It's so typical though, right? Like try to discredit a woman because, well she got there because of what she was wearing and her looks and blah blah blah blah. Like it's, it's actually like The most obvious weakest response to something. How do you think women can flip the script and use the way that people sexualize us and objectify us to our advantage?


Well, I don't know. I did it by accepting that in the way they were, right? So thank you. Thank you for giving me this advantage if that's going to give me the money. But you know, I, okay, I know that for me it was a long time ago, it was a different era. It wouldn't look, it wouldn't work today. So all I can think of is, I don't know, I mean, you'd be better to give advice. What advice would you give? I mean, it's hard because I think there's a line of like how far you lean into how much people sexualize us as women. And I think that there's going to innately be moments where you, someone says something inappropriate to you at work or a man is trying to discredit you because your work can't be that good.


It's 'cause you're hot and because people are giving you the position 'cause of the way you look. I think a lot of it in what we're talking about, and it's kind of the theme of this episode actually just comes back to like, how are you internally good with yourself and do you know your worth? Do you know your value? And are you capable of standing in a room? And as uncomfortable as comments can be, you leave and you don't feel like those knocked you down. If anything, you're able to take it, recognize the game that they're playing, but keep it moving because you're confident in what you bring to the table. And yeah, you may also be very attractive and that's okay. That's, that's another gift.


There we go Jane. It's a gift. Yeah, I've always got on super well with men and nowadays they say we're doing a photo and they say, can I, can I touch you? And I'm thinking, yeah, I say hug me if you like. Like give me a hug. Yeah. Mind you women want to hug me too. That's fine. Anybody can hug me. I need hugs. Okay. I'll give you a hug after this. Okay. Can we talk a little bit about relationships? You ended up marrying a photographer from National Geographic. Can you tell me the story of how you two met? Well after, after I was finding out exciting things about the chimps and they were getting habituated to humans.


The geographic obviously, you know, that's the, they live on it. They wanted to make a film and they wanted good photographs. So they sent Hugo Van Lueck and I really didn't want him to come. I hadn't met him because I, I just wanted to be there with the chimps, you know, I didn't want anybody and I was afraid they'd be scared of him and you know, all my hard work would be undone. But as it was, he came, he loved animals, he'd always wanted to be out there with them. His route was photography. Yeah. And we got on fine and, and he, you know, it was thanks to his photos and film that everything I was saying about the chimps was corroborated.


And so he really, really helped to, to share the knowledge that chimpanzees really are like us. They really do have gestures and postures the same as ours that mean the same thing. I know that you kind of have said previously that you and your husband at the time drifted apart because your careers were moving in different directions. And I'm curious like how did you navigate? 'cause it's a very relatable topic, like navigating, deciding between work and relationships. Like how did you do that? Well, it ended gradually and it ended because the geographic stopped paying Hugo to come to Gombe.


He had to go on with his career and he got some money to do films on the Serengeti and I couldn't leave Gombe. I had to stay. I mean I was totally, you know, I couldn't leave Gombe and so it slowly drifted apart and it was sad and I think we did the right thing, but we all kind of had to do it. You know, I, I definitely wish we could have carried on with that marriage because it was a good one.


Call her daddies brought to you by Bonds Australia is home to some of the world's deadliest killers, snakes, spiders, sharks, Crocs. So how is it Aussies are so laid back simple. They're all wearing comfy bonds undies, boom. Okay, you like that. Transition Bonds is Australia's most loved underwear brand, which just launched here in the States. The undies and bras are super soft and supportive, designed to be worn all day long. I cannot take uncomfortable underwear. Like it's not even an option for me. I am not someone that can just put on underwear and I'm like so uncomfortable all day. I'd rather go commando. Okay, but I obviously wanna be wearing underwear. So boom, we have bonds finally in the states. Daddy Gang, if you are someone that needs a refresh, you need, you're looking at your underwear drawer and you're like, I haven't bought new underwear in so long. Get bonds. If you want to get your hands on a pair, we've got an exclusive code. Head to bonds australia.com and enter, Call Her Daddy at checkout to get 30% off. That's B-O-N-D-S australia.com. Bonds made for down under terms and conditions apply offer ends 6th of July, 2025.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Neutrogena. Summer is here and the sun is shining. You need powerful sun protection that feels light on your skin Meat Neutrogena ultra sheer sunscreen, Daddy Gang. This SPF 70 lotion absorbs fast with a smooth dry touch finish. So you'll forget that you are even wearing it. It blocks 97% of burning UV rays and is water resistance for up to 80 minutes. Lightweight, effective, and perfect for sunny days. It is just what your summer needs. Neutrogena ultra sheer sunscreen. You can't feel Shop Now at Target.


What do you think is your favorite part of aging and getting older as a woman? I don't think this is a favorite part of aging, quite honestly, but I suppose okay, if you look at it philosophically, yeah, the longer you live, the more you learn. And I don't like a day that I don't learn something. Yeah. Even a little thing. And the other thing is, you know, when you get to older you, you learn, well I do. You learn more about what's going on in the rest of the world and how to interact with people and basically be nice. If you didn't get old It would be nice.


Jane, we talked a little bit about earlier in the episode when we were talking just about how you really talk so much about hope and how important it is to have hope. And I think a lot of my listeners feel anxious and lost right now because of what is happening in the world. Like do you have any message Yeah. Of how to stay hopeful? Yes, I do. That's my job now. Okay, Tell us James. It's my actual job. Okay. So you know, I have my reasons for Hope. Number one I mentioned it's the young people. So this Roots and Shoots program began in 1991 with 12 high school students in Tanzania.


It's now got members from kindergarten, very strong in university, everything in between. More and more young adults are forming groups. We even get groups in old people's homes. So it's broadened out and it's different from other programs because because of learning, everything's interrelated. Every group chooses, well the, the little ones can't choose. But you know, once you get to middle school, they choose a project to help people, a project, help animals, a project, help the environment. And they share this with each other. And once they roll up their sleeves, they work very hard because they chose the project and they're making a difference.


They, you know, they're planting trees, they're picking up trash, they're raising money to help refugees, they're volunteering in in soup kitchens or animal shelters. And the main message of and shoots, which is for everybody, every day you live, you make an impact on the planet and you have to choose what sort of impact you make. So all around the world now in 75 countries, young people are changing the world. And once they know the problems and that's important, but then you empower them to take action in ways that they choose.


They just, they're just, I mean I go around visiting them and they're so full of enthusiasm and you know, so yes, we've got to create a world where their hope is viable. Next reason for hope is this extraordinary intellect that we have. And note, I don't call it intelligence because if we were intelligent, we would not be destroying our home, our only home. And sadly we haven't always used our intellect wisely. We've forgotten the indigenous wisdom of saying how does this decision affect generations in the future? Where, how does it affect me now my family now my next political campaign, the next shareholder meeting, we've gone into a materialistic, very often greedy society and we need to change.


But this intellect is beginning to tell us what we need to do, how to do it, creating, you know, like alternative energy for example. I am so honored that I got to sit down with you today. You and the way that you look at life is so inspiring. And I think I will admit, like I am a businesswoman running around all day and I have meetings and I'm trying to do all these things. And it is very humbling honestly to sit with someone like you who has such the right understanding of what we should be prioritizing in life.


And of course everyone has different priorities of what will make them happy. But we have gotten so materialistic and we have gotten selfish and we have lost our way. And understandably, it's difficult because if you're a young woman sitting at home watching this right now, like do you have that? It doesn't feel like there's much you can do. And I think today it's such a perfect example of like, but you can get involved and you can do something. Because something that stuck with me is like, these are people who are so happy and why are they happy? Because they're doing something good and they're giving back. We all know how it feels on The most vain level to like give a gift to someone. It's always better to give than receive. 'cause you're like, oh my gosh, I feel that feeling can ignite something in future generations of coming together and making a difference because it is going to impact my children and then the next generation of children and so forth.


So thank you so much for taking your time today. I know you were very busy and I'm just honored that I got to sit down with you. Jane, thank you so much. Well, thank you. Well, I've had a great time talking to you and meeting Henry. Let's make Henry come and say goodbye. Where is he? Hey, come here. Henry. Henry, come. Henry. Henry. There he is. Yes, Henry, come and say goodbye. Come say hi, Henry. Come. Come, say goodbye. See you. Hi Jane. It's been so nice. Share time with you. Oh, good boy. Good boy Diaz. Bye bye Henry. Okay, you? Yes, We did it.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that Call Her Daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today


At Comcast. Our commitment to the military community goes back to our founder, US Navy veteran Ralph Roberts. Today we honor his legacy by partnering with organizations to help veterans, transitioning service members and military spouses succeed In today's digital world, delivering the internet connection, skills, and support they need to advance economic mobility and open doors to new opportunities. Visit comcast corporation.com/military to learn more. Comcast proudly supporting our military community. Because your service matters


In real estate, there's a number for everything, square footage down, payment interest rates. But how do you measure the trust you have in your agent for a re max agent? It's not about numbers on a contract. It's knowing that re max agents have been voted The most trusted in real estate. That means you'll get honest advice, expert guidance, and someone who's committed to your success. Because while numbers count, trust is what truly matters. Re max voted most trusted real estate agency brand by American shoppers based on the 2024 Brain Spark American Trust study. Each office independently owned and operated.


Dear McDonald's, your breakfast menu, fire tens across the board. I could be happy with anything even though I ordered the same thing every time. Thanks for not judging me. I'll try something new. Next time, maybe Score a two for $5 deal on a sausage McMuffin with egg and more limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single adamant, regular price.