
What is up. Daddy Gang. it is your founding father. Alex Cooper with Call. Her. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Okay, here we are. Here we Are. Katy Perry. Welcome to Call. Her. Daddy. Thank you. I am so happy we are Doing it. My first question for you. oh My God, she's already turning the tables. No. Is how edible are these? Are they a prop? They Are edible. They are. They are edible. Do you refill them? We do refill them, but I don't know the last time that I've refilled them, but I eat from them. and I eat the blue mostly. Mm. What is your favorite sour patch Color? Blue And red. Blue. Blue and red. Yeah. I'm a blue and kind of freak like I'm a green girl. You know how crazy it is?


I saw a meme of like a mom hand that had like only red and pink and she's like, I have these so my kids can have these. And it was just orange and yellow. That's and whatever color. What other colors left. And I was like, that's, that's little. You here love this. Here's Little green. You little stinker. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Botox cosmetic on a Baum toxin. A did you know Botox cosmetic has been FDA approved for over 20 years. But here's the cherry on top. Botox cosmetic has an official loyalty program called Alle that is spelled A LLE. It's totally free to join and it's accepted at over 24,000 practices across the country. With alle, you can earn points for Botox cosmetic treatments and get access to exclusive offers. There's even one going on right now to see if you're eligible for the offer and savings on your next Botox cosmetic treatment. You can visit botox cosmetic.com/c HD. Talk to your specialist to see if Botox cosmetic is right for you. For prescribing information and box warning, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0 intended for us audiences only.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. One for students. I don't know what I spend more money on Uber Eats or Uber rides. I guess I would say I spend more on Uber Eats now. Uber rides more when I was in college. Daddy, Gang, whichever one you personally use more. An Uber one subscription could save you a lot of money. With Uber one you get $0 delivery fees and up to 10% off Uber Eats orders. And you'll save on Uber rides too. Like earning 6% Uber cash back on all your rides. Plus you'll get free items daily and even more discounts from your favorite brands. Join now and get four weeks free Uber one for students. Save on Uber and Uber Eats. Sign up on Uber or Uber Eats app eligibility and member terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Brooklinen. When I'm in my bed, I am the happiest person ever. I have my dogs in bed with me. I have my husband. I have even date nights in my bedroom. Okay. My bed is such an important part of my life and even more so in the fall when the temperature drops it gets a little dark earlier. I like to snuggle up. Okay. And that is why I'm so happy to be working with Brooke Lenin. You guys know their sheets are incredible. They make it easy to shop by offering what they call hardcore bundles. They come with everything fitted sheet and a flat sheet and the duvet cover pillowcases. And you can choose the best fabrics and weaves that suit your needs. They have over 20 colors and patterns to choose from. Ready to build your dream fall bed visit in store or online@brooklinen.com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. Get 15% off your first Brooklyn order and save extra when you bundle.


What is your star sign? Scorpio. Five times. So all of my risings moons all that. What Does that mean? Can you give us like the Scorpio rundown? Well I'm a, I'm kind of a cusp Scorpio with Libra. So Libra to me, and this is my paraphrasing, there's a lot of other people that are much better at this than I'm gonna even give you right now. Libras are the arts liberation and so I feel very connected to that. Okay. They're also very good with reason and organization and Scorpios are like really intuitive. That's like our secret power is intuition. And being five Scorpios in one.


It's like when I walk into a room, that's why I was kind of like we were, we were talking before this and I was looking all, I was just getting all these context clues. All that is information for me. Interesting to know what kind of person, how far I can go. Am I safe? Yeah. Are they good? Are they here with me? All that. So Scorpios are very intuitive And for context, everyone watching. Like Katie walked in, we went through a whole tour of the house, she's walking around, we got upstairs, she's like, actually let's go in the backyard. We did a whole walkthrough and no one's ever done that with me. and I actually appreciate it 'cause you're like showing that you care and you're interested and you wanna know what's up. Well you're Also building a business and so I like to see how you build.


Thank you. I like to see your entrepreneurship. Thank you. I like to see what your next steps are. I'm invested especially in like an alpha female, a female that is self-sufficient. That's taking the lead. I resonate with all of that Coming from you. I just have to say thank you because I have literally been the biggest fan for forever and everything that you've built, like no one can say anything other than like, you're an icon. So thank you for like taking the time out of your busy life to come here. Seriously. You're One of my thank you and you're one of my only interviews because I feel like you get it. Thank you. You get it. You speak to the people in a way that they wanna hear. Yeah. You know, you're, you're super relevant And, like your real authenticity is really important to me.


I kind of grew up in a non-authentic childhood and so I was always looking for like, who's The most authentic in the room? Who's gonna cut all the small talking, like look me deep in the eyes and go go straight for it. Right. Interesting. Should we acknowledge my dog that's here? I was, dunno if we should. It's a real dog. oh my God. This is Nugget Nugget. All of my fans know her, but if you don't know her, her name is Nugget and she's almost 10 years old. She is a permanent puppy. Oh, she's a micro teacup. So you see a lot of teacup poodles. She is 10 years old and she's a, she's a great dog. I was more of a cat person and I think I'm actually going to get a cat again very soon.


I feel it in my soul. How Many cats have you had in your life? Two. What are the names? Kitty Purry Kitty Purry. Oh My God. Wait, that didn't hit until it hit. It hit Okay. And then the other one was Crusty. Crusty What? Like what inspired that? It was combination of my ex-husband and I's name Love Crusty. Crusty Crusty. Kay. I don't know. Yeah, RIP Kitty Purry. But she is kind of like a cat dog in that she's, she travels with me everywhere and she's always on my lap. She looks like she's about to fall asleep. Do you think she will fall asleep during this interview? I don't know. She, I mean, she's a good, she's a good girl. I think that my would Get along, but her breath is is literally like Disgusting.


It's like the inside of an asshole. No, it is. So, I mean, not that I know exactly, But maybe, But we all know what, we all know what butt smells like 'cause we all have one We do. and I have a child, so I really know in another way. Right, right, right, right. I've changed a lot of diapers and this is what the inside of her mouth, it's like a, a mouth only a mother could love. You know? So It's real love. You're like, I really love Nuggets. Yeah. She needs another little dental operation. She'll get there. I don't wanna put her under too many times. She's so small. We're Happy that you brought her because it's giving, I love dogs. I have two dogs myself. Yes. They're golden doodles. I feel like they'd get along with Nugget. So thank you for bringing Nugget today. I wanna go through some of your iconic moments because specifically with music videos, you are the queen of going all out for these things.


I'm curious, okay. I feel like this is like the hardest question to ask, but if you had to pick one of your favorite music videos that you've ever made, tell me. Or you can do top three. Okay. I like, I mean I loved walking onto the set for California Girls. It was just like, it felt like I was at my own bespoke Disneyland because I had an artist and the director who was great as well. But the artist who kind of looked over the whole thing that made my teenage dream cover Will Cotton. He made these props and sets come to life in a way that Like don don't even know. Does it even exist like that?


That was a different time. Of course. Yeah. So I loved that one. I loved ET of course I do a lot of flying and attempting acrobatics sometimes. Like I have a, another video coming out where I'm doing a lot of wire work. Okay. Katie, very soon. Yes. That's really fun. But yeah, I mean I like, I like world building. I am a big fan of Disney and a huge fan of Walt Disney and the worlds that he created and just, I love this a little escapism and I think I love it because early on I was trying to create a different reality than what I was born into. and I just my imagination would just build these worlds.


Yeah. You know, like Minecraft, I was just building my own worlds all the time. And I think that it's fun to have that release. And when people come to a concert, especially my concerts, it's like a whole, it's sensory Overload. No, I was gonna say, I think that's like very relatable for anyone that's in the creative business. I feel like a lot of us started because we were like imagining things that didn't have to do with like, the immediate of what was going on in our lives. Yes. And so you can really run with it. and I think it's been really fun to watch throughout your career. Like you've maintained a pretty consistent, like theme even though everything changes and looks slightly different, obviously. Yeah, it evolves. You're always pushing the creative boundary.


It's always visual. So you're the type of person. 'cause we're gonna get to, I'm not ignoring everything that you're saying about like your upbringing 'cause I wanna get there, but you Oh, I'm good. No, you're like, actually no, I'm feeling a, I'm feeling really good. I love, I I I've made so much peace, so much forgiveness. So much wholeness. I'm super happy. But are you, so you're the person that's like, I wanna try to like get on the wire And, like do the wire work And, like do the flips and all these things? Or is someone being like, are you down today, Katie? Oh no, I'm in, I, I mean like, I'm, I'm, I'm doing all the stunts and, and sometimes they're like, you're not allowed to do that. I'm like, I'm fine, you're fine. Let me do it. I don't like to overthink. I'm just like, yes, and we can do this. You know, I have a c great team I've had from day one. Wow.


They are such a a, a wonderful sounding board. And it's been imperative to the success of my career because they are not afraid to say no and or you need to take a beat. Yeah. Or, and also fuck this noise. Let's go. I was gonna say, I feel like that's huge for people in your position to have the right people around you. That's Where the five Scorpios come in. Right. There you Go. I will. No, I'm doing this. I'm like Constantly. Are you here for all the right reasons? You know, I am interested to get into like romantic later to hear that how that plays into like decision making moments. Yeah. I'm gonna at test you. I'm gonna test you. I'm gonna attest you. Do you really love me? Do you really love me? Oh really? Well how about this, did You always, from like day one of being a young girl, like want to be a famous singer?


Like, was that the goal? I mean, fame never came into my mind. I think it's a byproduct of everything that everyone's successful at. I just wanted to be seen, period. End of story. and I found my magic trick when I was nine. and I started, you know, that was my thing is like I started singing and then the room would freeze. And so I was like, oh this is interesting. And then I enjoyed it and I just, it kind of soothed me. It healed me. My mother called me Bird from a very young age because I would sing myself to sleep when I was little. Then I picked up a guitar at 13. I started singing at church in nine. At nine. Started writing my own songs at 13. I made a gospel record when I was 16.


And so I always wanted to be on the stage. My father is was a minister and he was on some sort of stage. So I always kind of watched that looked, looked up. I had a little bit of an example of that. Got my big, big break at 23. But before 23 I was in LA at 17 I was broke. I didn't have a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out is what my southern father would say. But I was hustling. Yeah. and I was always saying, yes I can, yeah, I'll be there. I'll fill in, tap me in Coach. Right. It was struggle bus. I had two cars repossessed. I was signed and dropped by three different labels. Like people only kind of know me maybe because of teenage dream and the whirlwind and success of that and the accolades and blah blah blah.


But like, I remember very specifically being 19 in my black Jetta that I got, you know, with my, my small allowance that I got when I first done a first signing, trying to meet friends at the Chateau Marmont Classic. Yeah. But parking in some illegal spot somewhere in the neighborhood because I couldn't pay the $20 obviously going there. And there's a big, big fabulous party and it's 14 people at a long table. and I sit down, I have a glass of water side salad. That's it. And then at the very end everybody's like, let's just split the bell. And I'm like, my debit card is like shaking.


I am that meme, you know? And so I go into the, I literally go into the bathroom and I just like start crying. I just like, I don't, and someone ends up taking care of me. But the, that was every day from 17 to 23 couch surfing. You know, just, just being, just being like, yeah, it works. Yes, go onward. It doesn't work. No onward. You know. But that Feels like from what I've like read about you is like, that feels like a theme in your life. Because prior to being 17, if you go back to your childhood, you've talked about having been on food stamps as a kid. Yeah. My family had that time. I mean, we were only by the grace of what the church could offer us, which fluctuated all the time. Yeah.


That was, that was our livelihood. And you know, we, it wasn't very much. Can You describe your personality as a kid? I was black sheep. Okay. I was, I came out of the womb going, Hmm. Tell me why, you know, Why do you think that is? I'm curious. I'm super curious. And that has been my education, my whole life is my curiosity. And that curiosity has just continued to unravel the layers of life. And you know, I know myself so much more because of my curiosity. And so I just was like, nothing was so black and white for me. It was infinite. Yeah. You know, it just, I was like, there's so much more out there.


How would you describe your household growing up? My household was a little volatile. There was a lot of stressors. Money being the biggest one. The biggest one I think. And having three kids. I mean, look, I have a child and And you wanna go? Okay, go ahead. I love you. Go ahead Sweetie. Good job Nugget. Don't just don't, don't take Oh you wanna go up? You wanna go up there? Hi Sweetie. Okay. You can come up. Come on. Okay. I'm not gonna lie, I'm feeling a little confident right now to anyone that listening and not watching you. Dog Whisper. You're the animal whisperer.


Katie's dog has departure off of her chair and I now have nugget. Oh she's leaving. Goodbye. Love you. Okay. That was an honor all. Bye. Bye. So you were saying it was a little volatile? It was a little volatile. Okay. So like I have a child. Yeah. And after having my child, I always respected my mother. But the level of respect for my mother, my parents in general, it just went through the Roof. Yeah. Yeah. Because I was like, how did you keep us alive? Yeah. Without iPads. You told us to look out the window. What were you thinking? I do think my parents with the tools that they had and their own upbringings Yeah.


Really did the best that they could. Yeah. And my mother, you know, she is a saint. She sacrificed every step of the way. She was the last to sit at the dinner table every single time. Some of my alpha ing. Yeah. Which is now a lot more imbalance is maybe a reaction to all of that. Like, oh, we didn't grow up with money, I'm gonna make it. Let's go. Because I don't ever, I don't, I'm never gonna be in this position. Right. I don't wanna feel this feeling again. But I'm aware of that now. Right. Interesting. I chose someone like Orlando because there was a lot more equal energy there and he Interesting. And he wasn't intimidated by the power and Yeah.


He wasn't, he wasn't sure. Sure. Intimidated. No, I have so many questions when we get to that of like dating a man that is intimidated by a woman's success is such an interesting dynamic to close out kind of that like your parents practice a very strict version of Christianity. It was. Yes. Right. How did that like impact your day-to-day life growing up? I Went to church on Sunday morning. On Sunday night on Wednesdays. We, I've, have I ever been trick or treating? I think I've been trick or treating once. I wasn't allowed to trick or treat why it's a Pagan holiday and the devil's holiday or whatever, you know, we had prayer meeting instead. We didn't even acknowledge it.


I wasn't allowed to eat Lucky Charms because luck is derivative from Lucifer. You know, my mom was, was and still is really good at finding the positive in everything. and I, I do that. But I think that's the gorgeous part of growing up. Right. Is like taking what your parents give you. Yes. And we get to kind of be like, no, to this. Yes to this, yes, no to this. And then you make your own reality. They gave Me my compass. Yeah. Yeah. In a lot of ways they really gave me a lot of integrity. They taught me how to treat people. Did you ever go through a rebellious phase? I'm still in it, baby. The nipple rings. No, I'm not rebelling. I'm just being myself. Yeah. You know, I'm finding I'm, yeah. Playing. How was sex and relationships described you growing up?


Like were you, I'm assuming it wasn't two sex positive in the house. No, no, no, no, no. Like Katie. Get after it girl. No, no. Get after it. No. I wasn't really allowed to even acknowledge the opposite sex. Okay. There wasn't a lot of talking about it. And that's okay. I mean they did what they knew how to do. Yeah. Right. I didn't even know how to use a tampon until I was like in high school. Yeah. I didn't even know how they existed. I was like, do I have eight holes in sex ed? They teach you now at school. Yeah. But I didn't have that upbringing. I didn't have that education. I was kind of homeschooled, went to the Christian schools and they didn't really teach that. Yeah. So I was like, what is this? So I'm like on swim team still wearing a fucking pad.


I'm like, the girls are like, girl, that's why you're last. You're, you're have a flotation device. Let me show you how to like do this. I was like, oh well this works. No, I had no other way. I didn't know. But it was the girlies that helped Me out. I was gonna say, I wanna make every woman feel so seen. Especially because you're making them feel seen of like there are so many women that grow up and are completely detached from the belly button down. 'cause they're Like. don don't know what I'm supposed to do down there. You Never even took a mirror down there. Never. But like, I mean, even to this day, guys are like, you gotta take the tampon out to pee. We're like, No, no, No. You cannot be president. No. You just need to go back to biology class. Well I wanted to kind of just like establish all of this to anyone who like didn't know and I, I knew you came from a religious background, but then one of your first giant hits is I Kissed a girl.


Yeah. Which is a complete departure from what we're talking about. How did this song come to be? Because I can imagine like, what did your family think? Tell me everything. My sister told them that it was coming out. I was like, you gotta deliver the message. I moved to LA when I was 17 and it was just an, it was, it was just a whole different perspective. Boom. I met different people. I'm like, oh, you are not an, you're not a bad person. Right. I grew up thinking you were this way. I was taught this way. Oh, you're not. So I saw more humanity and then even like traveling around the world, once I had my success, I was like, whoa, these cultures believe in this and this is how they work and all this education and all this oneness I feel from really observing people and getting to know them.


That was my education. Yeah. At 17 And, like that's when really my sexuality started and experimenting. And. like not having as many rules and restrictions. I had those experiences and then I sang about them and I was like, oh, So your sister told your parents? Yes. No. Yeah. You had everything recorded. They had no idea this is coming out. Well I was 23 at that point. Okay. So I was a young adult. Yeah. You know, but it was, it was tough. It was tough for them. Yeah. When any child takes a departure, when an any child doesn't become the doctor lawyer, you know, it's tough. It's like, I'm gonna have my tough moments. Yeah. Too. I'm sure. Even now, my daughter sings this song Peacock Dancing around the house that I wrote as like a double entendre funny song about Dicks.


And I'm like, don't sing that song. And then, you know, actually there's been so many people that have sang that song and so many young people that have sang that song. And so I wanna come on Call, Her Daddy right now to say I'm sorry and I and, and thank you. And we'll get through this together. And my karma has now served me. I was Gonna say, you're staring at Karma and your little baby girl and you're like, oh my God. Yeah. She's doing it. Yeah. She's doing what I created. I mean I bought her a ballerina peacock outfit from the London Zoo Stop. And someone in the house put that on. 'cause she loves to listen to Roar and Firework and they're like, oh, you should hear this song Peacock.


And then it's never been the same. No. And I've never been the same. But you're like, you know what? I deserve this moving forward. I do deserve this. But no, that's adorable. Anyways, so yeah. I mean, sexuality really started for me when I was 17. Yeah. How Would you describe your life changing when things really started to blow up? It was a rocket. It was a real rocket And it was like, can you hold on? and I wasn't present for some of it. Okay. It was really tough to be present for some of it. I was like, woo. You know, every day was a different city. And, and I'm really just grateful as I sit here at 39 that I'm alive. Yeah. That I have tools that I'm grateful.


It's the first thing outta my mouth every single day is a gratitude. Prayer is like the first thing. It's my very first thought. It's the first thing that I say. I, I'm grateful I have a home life, which is a sanctuary, which is an anchor. While I was having all these number ones, my personal life was in shambles. Yeah. You know? And so like that was totally outta balance. Yeah. And then it shifted along the way. Now it's been doing this, but that's okay because actually my core is intact. My foundation is intact. My joy is no longer at the mercy of anyone or outside of myself. My joy is within me. So, but it's been a long journey.


Yeah. And there is no there, there like I invest a lot of time and resources into therapy, retreats, evolution. Yeah. Even, you know, medicine journeys, all that stuff. I just wanna, I wanna evolve. Yeah. I wanna not come back to this prison planet. Your second album, you had five number one singles. And at that point, no one had done that other than Michael Jackson. So like, oh my God, you are now like the biggest star in the world. What type of Pressure? I had no idea by the way. What I had no idea. and I also like asked my managers, I'm like, is this normal? Does this happen? No. To other people. Because I was like, is this like, especially as they kept on going, I was like, is this like, what is this?


Right. Like What's happening? What is happening is, because I was on tour too. I was like, I remember asking that question. I'm like, is this normal for an artist? And they just started laughing at me. 'cause obviously they're, you know, managers that have managed so many people, they're like, right, this is not normal. and I was just like, well, okay. I never even really celebrated being like, I, I didn't even know how to like take it in. Didn't. I never knew how to take in compliments, none of it. and I was just like, you don't really like me. 'cause I had this imposter syndrome. We see it every few months. Someone rises and it's like, oh my God, they're The most famous. They're the biggest ever. And what I feel like, I've literally had so many people sit in that chair and tell me like, I was barely able to comprehend what was happening.


I was just trying to keep my head above water. Because then everyone starts looking at you. It's a very like, unnatural thing. And the talent that you have is now, there are so many more things that come with the talent of like eyes and the pictures and the tabloids and the gossip. Did you ever put like, so much pressure on yourself when you were having that level of success? Like another one, another one? Or were you more like lenient on Yourself? No, I knew the feeling of what a good pop song made me feel like. Yeah. I still know that feeling and whether people resonate with that or not, I still have it. When the goosebumps hit, when the tits get hard, I'm like, these are visceral physical reactions to this fre this magic frequency feeling.


Yeah. Right. And so, no, I was, I was never chasing anything. I'm just all about creating. I'm a creator. It's worked at times. It hasn't worked at times. It's been an amazing journey and it's really a journey for me to evolve. Yeah. You know, that everybody else is kind of on this like watching, watching, but it's really just about, this is my, this is my life. Right. And this is my game and this is how I'm living it. And, and some people are learning it and some people like take these songs that I write mostly out of, like if I, when I wrote Firework and, and Roar, I wasn't feeling that way. I was actually feeling the complete opposite.


And I was like, what is gonna pull me out of this depressive state? What is gonna pull me out of this sadness? I'm gonna write a song that's hopefully gonna encourage me. And then it encourages So many. Yeah. Like a generation and it becomes this ripple effect. I mean, the fame has always just been a byproduct. and I see a lot of people going through it now and I reach out to a lot of those young ladies and I'm like, yo, there's not a lot of people that have been through this. So if you ever wanna like have a very discreet, you know, tea indoors. Yeah, let's do it. Let's talk, let's vent. Like I kind of know what they're going through.


It's a different landscape now. Yeah. So I don't wanna assume that like I know everything, but, but I think the feelings are probably very similar. Like yeah, the loneliness, so many people staring at you, you being expected to hold yourself to a certain standard that no one is even teaching you. You just kinda have to figure it out. Yeah. There's no rule book. There's no playbook really, Because no one you're talking to is gonna give you the advice that has Been through it. Actually, I didn't really have like examples growing up. Right. And nor did I have an education. So I've just been like, alright, let's, let's, let's learn, let's fail. Let's, and, and, and I fail in public. I make mistakes in public. And I'm like, okay, well I made a mistake.


Let's keep, let's do it again. Let's go, let's go. I mean, that's, that's the tough thing is, is sometimes, you know, this thing doesn't allow you to learn. The process of learning anything is by trying and not acing it. Yeah. But it's interesting Katie, when you're talking about that, because you are a human being and you are this like mega pop star. And so you've referenced it a couple times and I wanna go there, like you're twenties while you're on this insane rise to fame, you're also trying to figure out your personal life. Can you just lightly talk to me about like you in your romantic life, in your twenties? Like what was that, what was going on in your life? Then


This episode is brought to you by Vori Daddy Yang. If you are out there being active in the gym, going for, I don't know, a run, maybe you're channeling your inner yogi, there is absolutely nothing g worse than when you are working out and your clothing is annoying. Okay. Ri has versatile performance apparel so comfy that you'll wanna wear it all the time. Get 20% off your first purchase with RI and enjoy free shipping on all US orders over $75 plus free returns. Go to ri.com/ Daddy. That's VUOR i.com/daddy


This episode is brought to you by two-faced. If there's one thing I don't have time for. Daddy Gang. It is a huge bag of makeup. It is my nightmare when I like look down and I'm just looking, I'm just looking for a little concealer and I have to trudge through my bag. It's just not happening. I love makeup that can be used in different ways. Like the bestselling born this way super coverage, multi-use concealer from Two-Face cosmetics. I have always used Two-Face. I had a really like old video I made on YouTube and I was rewatching it and I'm like, oh my God, I forgot every single product. I just would use Two-Face and it always works. and I still use it to this day. I've been doing it since high school. You can use this product to conceal, to highlight, to retouch this natural finish concealer flawlessly hides every imperfection. It is so light, hydrating, nourishing. You'll want to use it all over and it doesn't crease. Thank goodness. It is now available in travel size priced at only $16. Perfect for your summer getaways Born this way. Super coverage, multi-use concealer from two-phase cosmetics. Click or tap the banner to visit sephora.com to shop.


Now you in your romantic life, in your twenties, like what was that, what was going on in your life then? Well, I've always been like monogamous and I've always looked for partnership and for someone to witness me, I even called a record witness because of that feeling. So I wasn't doing very many one night stand type things. and I didn't do a lot of dating and I met people in my industry, you know, but I was always looking for long term mono Yeah. Monogamy. That's what I related to. And long distance really worked for me. What do you think you were like as a partner, like in a relationship in your Twenties?


Oh, when though? What time of life? Because In your early twenties, what were you like in My early twenties? What were you like as a partner? I was really, I was wild, but I was on a a, a crazy wi wild ride that probably made me very moody. I mean, I was all also zipping all over the world for a day here, a day there. And my circadian rhythm was completely upside down. Yeah. So there was a lot of other factors to bring into the equation of me being, you know, whatever hot fiery personality as well. Did you have a type? Do you have A type? I really value presence.


I, I value loyalty. I value adventure. So Orlando and I are super adventurous. We just like literally jumped out of a helicopter together into the water. I mean, he's way, way more adventurous. I mean, he has no fear threshold. I'm like, I'm good. My karma is good. I don't need to press my luck. I value humor. I value lightheartedness. I value problem solving. I value playfulness. Like to be playful Is so important. Is so important. Imagination and playfulness. That is to me intelligence that is to me, like the currency that I, I look for.


I value strength, but not just like, like there's a lot of people that can be powerful And, like strong in the world, but crumble personally. Yeah. In behind, you know, in their private lives. And like they could be man children, you know, they could be stunted at 12. They could be man children. Katie. Yes. I've dated a man, many men And they, and, and tho and some of those guys have like a lot of outward success. They're financially like, you know, fun, but like they're, they're, And you're like, They're, that's the thing. It's about balance. And that's the thing for me is like, I didn't have that balance either. I was like, oh, my God number one's, number one's.


And then also, you know, going through a divorce, right? And And like not knowing which way was up. Really. When you look back at previous relationships, like what are some Red Flags that you now know as the Katy Perry sitting here are like, oh, I maybe avoided those or I maybe ignored those. But now I look and I'm like, I would never put up with that. Now Anyone that is constantly changing the goalpost or pulling the rug out from you emotionally, not it, they don't, they just don't have their stuff. They don't have it figured out. So how can they, how can you they be a team player with you? Anyone that says that they know you better than you know yourself. So rough.


You're like, No, whoa, manipulation. Okay. I've lived in this body from day one. Yeah. Like we've been dating for a couple years. Right. You know what I'm saying? Or whatever. Yeah. Anyone that won't show up for you. Like I was in a relationship at one point where they never came to anything that I did. I was on a big tour. They never came to one show, like not one. And it was like, really like this. They just won't show up for, I don't know what reason that was. I, they just couldn't handle me in boss mode of sorts. Quite possibly. And yeah, those are some Red Flags.


No, I, and then also like someone that won't just help Yeah. Help around the house. Like share the load or help the load be lighter. The load can be so heavy for women. And there's so many invisible things that we do. And it's literally about sharing that load. The just like I, like, like Orlando and I, we do a lot of couples therapy and we want to evolve. That's like, I think why we're in our relationship is to become better, better humans. Yeah. So that we can raise this beautiful human being. One of my love languages is acts of service. So it's like, if I come downstairs and the kitchen is clean and you've done it all and you've done all the dishes and you've closed all the pantry doors, you better, you better be ready to get your dick socks.


I mean like, literally that is my love language. I don't need a red Ferrari. I can buy a red Ferrari. Just do the fucking dishes. I hope sex I'll suck your dick. It's not easy. Sorry. Don't you know, it's facts. It's facts. Facts. And even when we went on like a couple's retreat, they're like, which guy has more sex? The guy that drives the Ferrari, the red Ferrari, or the guy that helps out with his wife every night in the kitchen, in the kitchen, in the, the kitchen was the answer. In the kitchen. In the kitchen. And Orlando knows all that. Yeah. And he, he hears me and he's, he meets me there now He does the dishes. Yeah. Ladies, I Mean, well we listen are fortunate to have a housekeeper.


But on the weekends he knows that like, that's important to You. It means, and I. Okay. There's so many things to say. Also, If you can afford to get an electric toilet, get a fucking electric toilet. Get a Roomba thing that just cools around. Yeah. Get A Roomba. Get a Roomba. All of a sudden you're choose your battles. Choose your battles. Men listening. Get a Roomba. You're gonna have so much more sex, So much more sex. Roomba stock price. But the toilet seat goes down by itself. So much more sex. So Much more sex. It only turns on you when you have like a hangover and you're throwing up and the toilet seat just goes down. Your head keeps going down. Katie. So dark. Katie. You're like, I'm so successful. Bon, I'm not done.


I'm not done throwing up gunk. Okay. Rewinding for a second. 'cause I think it's so important what you just said for women listening is the feeling of, so I have had someone say that to me before. I know you better than you know yourself. That is a full manipulation tactic to make you question every fucking thing you're doing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So if anyone is hearing that in their life right now, that is a red flag, we're here to tell you like, that's A red flag. And typically they'll follow up with like, if you leave me, you're gonna have a really hard time or your life is gonna change or it's gonna be shit. So, And you question yourself. You're Like, what? I mean does, do they, you know, like I was fine before I met you.


Yeah. Kind of. Kind of. Kind of. There Are, there have been some relationships that have really helped me Orlando in, in for one, I was going through a really tough time in 2018 and he was not shook. Wow. and I showed him the worst of me. I was like, here's the next test. I'm gonna show you the craziest bitch you've ever seen. And he's like, I ain't shook. And I'm like, my, he's like, I love you, you're my baby daddy. I was like, if you're not shook by this, then we're going the distance. Right. Let's be a kid. No, we're gonna get to Orlando. Because it's like from, I feel like I'm talking to a lot of my friends recently who are in these positions where it's like, is this person the one or is it time to move on? Yeah. And it's tough.


That is so scary because like, you build lives with someone. Right. Well, but I think relationships are just about growing. And if you're not growing, both of you, if if you've stopped growing with a person or you've graduated, it's time to go. Yeah. You know, it's time to go. If that person doesn't wanna grow, it's time to go. It's, I don't know about ones, I think it's just about are you on a journey? Do you wanna evolve together? Like in previous relationships, some people didn't wanna do any of the work together. And it's like, we're really just here to sharpen each other. Yes. We, we are each other's mirrors and we see like both the best and the worst. 'cause you, in your partnerships, they see the absolute worst version of you. Yeah. So it's then their responsibility to help Yeah.


Show you that in a loving way that like You don't need to operate out of that. You know? It's so true. And like, yes, it's so hard to get out of things that aren't right for you anymore. But we all watch our, Especially if you're like, if you're like partners on YouTube or if you're like, if you've got a platform together, you've got all this invested business together and you know, like, you mean you have An apartment together, you have an apartment furniture together, you have whatever You have together. All of it. Yeah. And then you're Like, how do I get rid of this? And it's like, or If you have a child together, that's the next step. You know? It's like, that's e there's a lot of people that have had children, they're like, well, I'm gonna stay in this for 15 years. You know, I know it's complicated, but it is, you talking about your experience is so helpful because it's like life goes on and it actually is better to be happy than to stay in something that you're not happy in.


But trying to make it all work, like, well Happiness is relative because it's really about, I it's not about happiness, it's about, it's about evolution. 'cause life is hard. Life is not peachy king. Jelly bean people get sick. You know, people have accidents. Life sucks. Sometimes it's about what you make of those moments. It's like, how do you find the opportunities of growth? How do you find the positive? It's, it's not just happiness, it's not just dopamine. It's, it's, it's, it's equanimity. It's finding the light in the darkness. You're so right. It's like finding that person that you wanna go through those really hard times with.


Like, that's when you know Yeah. That's what you want. A relationship is like going to stand the test of time for however long you want to last. Yeah. But if they're not shook, if they don't leave, you know. Yeah. I wanna ask you another question that you mentioned about, you know, being a boss and being so successful and how intimidating that can be to partners and I am Sure. Like you kind of just mentioned you've been in relationships where, and I've been in it where I've dated guys that I'm like, oh my God, you're so intimidated by my success. But, and they Don't even know how to verbalize It. And for a minute, if you're not, not in the best place, like I've been there where I for a moment was like, oh, should I dim myself more? Should I maybe not. I've been There, I have dimmed Right? I have dimed. You dim because you're like, it, you, you can't see it immediately.


You also wanna play the game, play a role And not be too much. So you're like, okay, like maybe I should take off this day. So he feels, And now I'm taking up space, Bitch, I'm taking up space. And it's like, you can't win with those people. and I feel like it's hard with the, there's One girl listening and she's like, they're talking to me. I have to go. They're talking to me. I have to get out of this relationship. That's what's so crazy about this show is like, I legit, Katie have people after this will dm me being like, you guys were talking to me. Like, if you are with a partner that is so intimidated by your success No. And you keep making yourself smaller, you are not with the right partner. Have you ever heard of someone say, your partner should be saying, I'm so proud of you babe, can I do anything to help you?


I'm so proud of you. Even if it sounds like, even if they're saying it like they're clocking in sometimes you're like, 'cause you know, this is my love language. Right. You know, vocalizing, it's like, thanks for saying it. Right. I Appreciate it. And not making it feel like, oh my God, I have to quickly finish because like he's gonna be mad. Like, Or I have to hide my success or I can't celebrate. I've been in relationships where I've had number ones where like, I've been, you know, or, or, or won things or gotten to like, big parts of my life. Yeah. Or made my first like million dollars or whatever. Where like do I tell them, do I not tell them? Yeah. Like do like, do I just slightly like, you know what I'm saying?


Like it's crazy. Yeah. It's, But and I know what's crazy is like you're sitting here, everyone in the world is like, you're so successful. You financially career wise, you know, with your life. They must, so many people I bet are like, you had to dim your success for man, it literally comes and creates everyone. Everyone. It's a human experience. Nobody. Yeah. I mean, I mean I also remember I wasn't born into any of this. Yeah. Like, this is like all a product of my, of my talent and my hard work and my hustle. Yeah. You know? So like, not that, not that people that were born into something don't have that.


'cause they do. Yeah. 'cause they, they actually have a bigger crust to bear and they have to fight in a different way. I think everybody has to play this human game. Yeah. Whether they like it or not. Insecurity, And like going through the waves of a career. You referenced earlier witness and in 2017 you released Witness the album and it didn't chart as high as your other ones. and I think this is also gonna be helpful to other women listening of like in moments where you are competing with yourself and comparing yourself to what you've done in the past versus, oh my gosh, this didn't do as well. Like, how did that affect you and your self worth and your career And? like where was your head out during that time? Oh, It was just universe's way of saying, oh, you preach a really strong message of self-love.


Let's see, baby. So I was like, oh, okay, here's the real lesson. Let's see. And it's interesting, I heard like when ships, you know, big, these big ships out in the ocean, they go off one degree, off chart, they land on a different continent. And yes, like at that time things were changing by like small degrees and I felt like I was on a different continent because I had only experienced, you know, my before success. It was like, am I enough? I'm gonna show you proof, proof, proof. I was right. Whoa. I was fucking right.


Let's go. And then it shifts and it changes and it settles for everyone. There's maybe a couple, it doesn't, but like it settles. It does. And hold on tight because life is all about peaks and valleys. The valleys are where you sow the seeds. The peaks are where you enjoy the views and the fruits. But you wouldn't even know the light cannot exist without the darkness. I had a really big shift. I had cut my hair 'cause I didn't wanna do this cutesy, pent-up girl thing that I had done previously. I wanted to really experiment with different sounds. I just wanted to go into a different zone as an artist, which I am first and foremost.


And so I was like, well how do I do that? Well, I'm gonna change the look. I'm gonna cut everything. I'm gonna go. People that were used to being fed a certain thing, they were, they got fed a different thing and they're like, oh, that's different. Right. I like it kind of. Right? I mean like when I go to a restaurant and, and I like my favorite dish, like, don't change any ingredients. Keep it right on the menu. I want The sink every time. This is every time. But you're also Human being and then you have to me about how you are a creative Yeah. Creative. So it's like, wait, I do wanna lightly try something different. And then people are like, Uhuh. You're like, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, But how do you deal with that? Well, It's my life and that I'm gonna live it. Now I've come to, I'm almost 40 and this is my life.


I've realized I'm gonna live it.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. Hi Daddy Yang. Do you ever feel like there are just too many apps for too many things? I know I do. I sometimes wanna chuck my phone into a river. Never look back. The apps just take up so much space on your phone and it is hard to keep the name straight. It's like, how are we organizing all this? What are we doing? Well there is one trusted name that you already know that can help you do the work of several different apps. Experian, the Experian app can help you cancel unwanted subscriptions, look for car insurance and check your FICO score and credit report all in one place. You can also compare credit cards and loans, save time and money by letting their experts negotiate your bills to get you the best price. Experian the one stop shop for your financial health. Download the Experian app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed and some may not see any savings. Checking your match credit cards will not hurt your credit score. State restrictions apply. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation eligible paid membership required.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. Hi Daddy Yang. Do you ever feel like there are just too many apps for too many things? I know I do. I sometimes wanna chuck my phone into a river. Never look back. The apps just take up so much space on your phone and it is hard to keep the name straight. It's like, how are we organizing all this? What are we doing? Well, there is one trusted name that you already know that can help you do the work of several different apps. Experian, the Experian app can help you cancel unwanted subscriptions, look for car insurance and check your FICO score and credit report all in one place. You can also compare credit cards and loans, save time and money by letting their experts negotiate your bills to get you the best price. Experian, the one-stop shop for your financial health. Download the Experian app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed and some may not see any savings. Checking your match credit cards will not hurt your credit score. State restrictions apply. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation eligible paid membership required.


I appreciate you like talking also about you talking about how like you came from your childhood fighting. You got to where you are, you went through what is so normal and natural in your twenties, figuring out your romantic relationships, figuring out your partners. Half of the reason we choose certain partners is because of what we're dealing with on the inside with our own Selves. We're trying to resolve Yes. That that's why we're attracted to that. Yes. And then you find You're no longer attracted to Narcissists. No. Right. You're like, I'm actually not into the narcissist, Alex anymore. Not anymore, not really. You find Orlando what initially drew you to him? His adventure spirit. He is got a free spirit. He's super healthy and he wants me to be healthy.


Sometimes that can be annoying, but it's all for the good. He shows up. He is loyal, he's a Capricorn. He's not scared. I don't know if, I don't know if this Capricorn trait is for everyone, but what I've noticed and what he resonates with is that like he can get his hands dirty. You know, he's, he, he loves the elements. He, he's spontaneous and he checks a lot of boxes and not everyone's gonna, not one person's gonna check all the boxes. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Was it an initial spark or was it a slow burn? It's been, it's been different layers. The more we do the work, the more we find the next level.


Yeah. You know, and sometimes we get stuck and we're like, okay, well let's go into do the work. Yeah. And this is gonna be annoying and I don't wanna do it and we don't have the time and I'm tired, but we're gonna do it, but we're gonna do it. And then we find the next level. And that's, that's why we're continuing in the relationship. I Know you guys broke up for almost a year at one point. Yeah. What led to that decision? It was really interesting. I mean, we met over an In-N-Out burger, mostly at the Golden Globes. He stole one off of my table and I was like, excuse me. And then like his hand went and grabbed one. I was like, okay, you can have one. You're gonna have one. Orlando Bloom. Hello. Hey.


And we had met before then, but it really locked Then I actually had like, I had done a little spell before I went that night. I had like wore, I had wore pink rose quartz. I had wrote, written down the things I was looking for in a partner under a full moon. Burn it up, let it go into the, to the ash, you know, spread it everywhere. Cleansed my crystals. No, but so and, and and, and it came, but it wasn't about, and we and we and we manifested it. And then what was the question? I was, how, how Did you guys decide to break up? Oh, we, so what happened was we weren't, we weren't like, like really in it from day one. I mean, he was in a way because he had just done a huge time of celibacy and he had set intentions and I was fresh out of relationship and I was just like, I can't do this anymore.


I need to go into a, a swim in a different pond. But I had yet to do a lot of, like some real work. He went to this place called the Hoffman Process, which is a place, a retreat you go to for a week. And it, you rewire the way you think about yourself and it helps you rewire all the bad habits and the rewires your neuro pathways through different physical activities. So there's no like medicine or plant medicine, it's literally just like scientists and therapists that have put together programming that help you quiet that imposter syndrome and also find that new, kind of awaken yourself and find that mode, you know, that reborn mode.


So he went there and then he came back and he wasn't like playing this cat mouse game anymore with me. And I was like, huh, this is boring. I'm moving on because I'm so used, I was so used to this like push pull. Right? Because I was like, once you have it, then you're like, Ugh. Yes, there's a, I was playing games. It's addicting. Yeah. Yeah. I was playing games. 'cause it was, it was a dopamine hit, right? Yeah. And it's what I knew and things like that. So I had a really tough year and I finally went to Hoffman at towards the end of that year that we were separated. And then I got the tools and spoke the same language and it changed my life. It saved my life. I would be dead without it really. I would not be on this planet without that process.


Why do you think that? And meditation? Because the noise got so large when Witness came out and things started to shift and I thought I really loved myself. and I thought I really had that center. But actually that core was all created from outside validation. Yep. Everything started changing. And then I and I went to this process, And like it changed my life. It just helped me rewire how I think about myself and it helped me connect my head to my heart. That's like even what this album is about. 1, 4 3. It's coming out September 20th. Yeah. And that means I love you. And that's my angel number. Yeah. I don't know if anyone ever knows what the that is. Or you needed an affirmation or a sign or a symbol from some somewhere else to know that you're on the right path or whatever.


We were going through a really challenging medical situation that was causing me a lot of anxiety. And then I started seeing 1, 4, 3 everywhere. And it's like on a receipt in a parking spot. Random. Random, random. Like crazy. Not even on your phone. 'cause I get it, we see 1111 a lot. Right. You know, we do. and I looked it up and it's just, it's the digital I love you from back in the day. Yep. You know, and I. and I just was like, oh, this is just my angel self saying, I got you. I want the best for you. I love you. Communicate with me, commune with me, commune with me. And you sitting here saying like, if I had not gone away to this program, I don't think I would be here. Like I would not. If You could say something to that woman that was in that spot, what would you say to yourself right now?


I wasn't in my right mind, so I don't know if I could, and there's a lot of people that are, that do have some moments where they're either extremely depressed or extremely anxious and they're not really in that balanced right mind. So they're Like don don't even know what to do. Yeah. The first thing I I did 15 years ago was actually the best thing I did, which is learn a tool like meditation, having access to meditation. Everyone has their own thing that works for them to get them through tough times. Yoga, Yoga, dance. Yes. Get into your body. Out of your mind. Did you and Orlando talk while you guys were like kind of not broken up or No. Ish kind of. He was boundaried Who initiated getting back together.


I was doing a show that was close to where he was on vacation and I was like, I'll pop over. But I had promised that I was gonna do the Hoffman Pro process, but I literally was in a bad state and I like needed his, I needed his, he's got, you know, we all have our strengths. Yeah. And then our opportunities for growth. Yeah. But one of his strengths are when I crumble, he can step in and be that anchor. That's amazing. Because I'm usually just alpha, alpha, you know, I'm like, testosterone, testosterone. I got this, I got this. I don't need any help. But actually I do need help. I do need a partner. And that got me, Oh, Katie, I went on a, a guided journey the other day and for as strong as I am, I was like, no, I do need, I do need, I do have needs and I do need help sometimes.


So it was, it was a beautiful revelation. It was the one thing I got. Yeah. and I did that like last week. Like I could be so strong. But yeah, like everybody needs help being a mom. Yeah. How has it changed your life? Everything. It was, it was the view I was looking for. I mean, I appreciate and enjoy and I probably again would not know that that was the view I was looking for unless I climbed other mountains. You know, I literally got the opportunity to climb Mount Everest and I planted my fucking flag in Everest. Not actually, not literally, but like Teenage Dream is that massive mountain. And I had it and I did it. And then I tried to climb other mountains and I loved those views, but like, then I was like, wow, God, there's gotta be something else.


and I had my child and it was like, oh, this is all the love I was ever looking for. And there's a song on the album that is called All the Love and I wrote it outta that. I was like, you know, I was at a place where I was like, oh, I guess I'll be okay with not feeling that intense love or not. I mean, I have an intense love with Orlando. It's a beautiful love. But I feel like a soulmate can come in any form. It could come, you know, you could be soulmates with your mother, you could be soulmates with your sister, you could be soulmates, you know, with your daughter or your son or your dog. Even that, you know, people like before they have kids and they have a dog.


They're like, how am I gonna love anything more than I love this dog, sweetheart, wait for it. It just, it shifts. It changes. I mean, when she came into my life, and she's a true king. She's a real king, she's very strong-willed, very outspoken, beautiful and such an empath. She's very heart-centered. I mean, on the playground at the beach, when we were in London, there was a girl that fell and literally she gave her lollipop to her stop. And I was like, you love lollipops. You gave her, you gave her lollipop away to her. And it just made her so it made the little girl that fell feel so good. And so Daisy is such a kind empath and cares and worries about the world.


And she's got a great intuition as well. She's my gift. I think for doing all that work too. We intentionally brought her into this world. We knew we wanted to have a child. We knew we were gonna, okay, let's do it. Let's do it as a celebration of all the work that we've done together and create this being. And so she's the gift. She is exactly what I get for doing that. And I'm continuing to do the work. And so there is no there, there, but it, you know, it's beautiful if you get the opportunity, it seems like it's like the biggest cliche in the world is to procreate, but it's the reason why people still do it and they've done it. It's everything. So I feel like I'm, I'm operating from such a more whole place.


Right. You know, the biggest lie that artists are ever told is that we have to stay broken to create so true. Because if we go to therapy, it's gonna change me. It's gonna turn me into a different person. That is a lie from the pits of hell. You'll become a different person. You will evolve a better person, a more centered person. Yeah. And so from, for the first part of my life into my, I would say my thirties, I was operating on, you know, just pain, gas. And then the car lit on fire and I was like, I gotta get outta here or else I'm gonna get devoured. And now it's a totally different, it's like, it's electric now. I'm so happy for you because you can, I like see the way that you're lighting up when you're speaking about her and it's like so inspiring.


Yeah. And I'm so happy for you that that woman in 2017 like pushed through and did the work and found herself And. like got the help you needed and found the way to get to where you are now because you have created this beautiful life outside of yourself and it's Just, it's a sanctuary and it's beautiful and I'm so grateful for it because I didn't have it. and I know what it, I know what it feels like to be all career, all that. Yeah. And to not have it and to be like coming home at the end of the night, literally like so lonely, so sad. And everybody in the world thinks you're just like, yes honey, kill sleigh, boots the house down. You're like, I'm so sad. I hate life. I dunno anyone to celebrate.


You know, nobody sees, nobody sees me. And then now to have like this foundation, this core, like I take my daughter to school on a bicycle stop. Yeah. I like, we go to preschool sometimes on a bicycle and I'm just like, I'm literally that Leonardo DiCaprio meme where I'm sitting outside with my face in the sun, just going like, I'm like a Labrador dog. Just like, yes, this is living. I've never felt so free as I do on a bicycle with the beach and my hometown and all of That happiness, Find happiness 1, 4, 3. I always wanted to make a record like this. There's a lot of kind of dance pop rhythmic, I would say.


Because when I go out into the world, I wanna dance with everyone. What Is your favorite song on the album? If you had to choose? That's the worst question I know, but if you had to choose from the Daddy Gang to go listen to one thing, when this comes out, what are we listening to? I Guess I would say all the love because it also encompasses this conversation and the journey of like me looking for a love. Me finding the love, yeah. Me. You know, having the love inside me all along and tapping into that with me having a child, there is poetry in every moment. Everything is new again. It's like I get to relive life through her eyes. I will also say what I really like about 1 4 3 is I feel like you have this like great range.


Like when I was listening to Gorgeous And, like love Kim Petras and I, I'm kp Yeah. I just feel like it's k kp, kp. You have such great range where like that's what I'm listening to and I'm like getting ready to go out with the girls. Like there's just, it's great. I Really wanted to make a record that was celebratory full of love, light, joy, hope and, and BPM because get out of your head. Get into your body, get into your heart dance. Sweat out those toxins. Feel yourself like embrace your sexuality. Like find your feminine, divine, all of that. I do wanna ask you about one collaborator in particular.


I know a lot of people have expressed disappointment and were really upset that you decided to involve Dr. Luke on this album. Why did you choose to work with him? Look, I, I understand that it started a lot of conversations and he was one of many collaborators that I collaborated with. But the reality is it comes from me. The truth is, I wrote these songs from my experience of my whole life going through this metamorphosis. And he was one of the people to help facilitate all that. One of the writers, one of the producers and I am speaking from my own experience. Like when I speak from, when I speak about women's world, I speak about feeling so empowered now as a mother, as a woman, giving birth, creating life, creating another set of organs, a brain, a heart.


I created a whole ass heart and I did it and I'm still doing it. And I'm still a matriarch and feeling really grounded in that. That's where I'm speaking from. Yeah. And so I created all of this with several different collaborators, people that I've collaborated with from the past, from Teenage Dream era, all of that. In Working with the same collaborators throughout your career, how do you think you've evolved as an artist? I feel like I've always been authentic in, in, you know, trying different genres, investigating different sounds. I, I don't think I've ever been inauthentic. I don't think I've like, went for a trend or anything.


I just do what makes me happy and that I resonate with and that gives me those chill bumps. And even more so now, like I, I don't feel like I have to make music. I don't feel like I have to prove anything. I'm doing it now from a, a place of celebration and love. I cannot thank you enough for coming on. Thank you. This is Truly, I wish the best for you. I hope, hope the best. Not wish. I hope the best for you. I know you're on an incredible journey. You're a young lady that is got a lot of attention and a not a lot of new success. And just remember your compass. Stay true. Keep your friends. I've had the same, I've had some of the same friends for 20 years.


Yeah, same. You know, and just keep those people around. The people that tell you no, you keep them closer. You say why? Yeah. And maybe no. Like, okay, maybe not, but like, just keep them closer and just, you know, get those tools. Go investigate meditation. Like there is a reason why it's been around forever. 'cause it works. Be connected to divine. Thank Felix that. Thank you. Thank you. We did it. We did.