
Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high-tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing Details. Exclude civic, guess I and Ty Par.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy Kelsea Ballerini. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Hello Alex Cooper. Thank you. Congratulations on your new ep. Thank you. Rolling Up the welcome Matt. I was listening to it in the car this morning. Hmm. And I listen to every single song and it's great. Thanks. It's also obvious what it's about. Yeah. Your divorce. Yeah. So let's get into it. Let's get into it. You met your ex-husband Morgan Evans when you were 22 years old and he's also a country singer.


Yeah. How did the two of you meet? I was hosting an award show and he was my co-host and I was like newly out of a relationship and I was in this phase where I was like on my third single, but like, like I just felt like the world was like opening up for the first time for me and like things were, things were working and I was like, I just like, I believed in everything. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like everything good was happening at once and I think I was just like so starry-eyed to my life and then I met this person who like was, is like so charming and sweet and, and just it like aligned with this, this goodness that was happening in my world.


And it just all kind of clicked in like this kind of fairytale Moment. I also feel like that age, even if like we all have our ups and downs at 21, 22, but it is a pretty ideal age where you like feel like you're an adult. Yeah. You're kind of not but like you feel like it, you're feeling Like it. I thought that I had my entire life figured out. Like I thought that I knew exactly what love was and what I contributed to a relationship and what I needed out of a relationship. Yeah. And I didn't. What was your first impression of him? Like what were you attracted to about him And he just comes from like such a, a loving family that believes so much in like unity and and family and I come from a really, really broken family and I was really attracted to that.


Like I was really attracted to the security that that idea had and that he innately had in him. Yeah. We definitely came in with different ideas of a relationship. You know,


As women we are constantly on the move. We're doing so many things, we are juggling life. And if you are gonna wear all the hats, daddy Yang at least have a wardrobe that helps Check all your boxes. Travis Matthew creates versatile products designed to help you look and feel your best no matter the activity. From sunrise coffees to school pickups to dinner dates, experience a pant truly made for all day every day. And no matter where your day goes, you can stay in perfect comfort in the cloud collection. You might fall in love, but that's okay. Rewards members receive free shipping and free returns. You guys know I am quite literally all about comfort. Like I feel like I live my life. I being like, am I putting this on and am I going to be comfortable? That's how I know if I'm putting it on, I must be comfortable and Travis Matthew hits in the comfort but versatility department, I totally understand. You need to have something, even if you're going to a meeting, can you wear this and also lounge in it. That is the true master of comfort. Travis Matthew Apparel designed for confidence and comfort no matter where the day takes you. Visit travis matthew.com and receive 20% off your first order when you sign up for email, that's T-R-A-V-I-S-M-A-T-H-E w.com.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay. So kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile and here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie, I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


What were those first few weeks and months of dating? Like? It was just a whirlwind. I like I am such a jump right in person, which I, part of me was like, I don't wanna do that again. And part of me is like, here I am. But I I, I don't know how to shield that. 'cause I, I like that about myself. I'm like, I would rather feel things without a filter and then fall on my ass later and, and feel the opposite of that feeling fully than not let myself feel a feeling like that's the point of life. You know? Totally. And so I, I think that like my, my life was changing so much and I was like all of a sudden busy all the time and traveling the world for the first time.


Like I'm from Knoxville and then I was like going to Australia, you know, I was like, this is amazing. Like look at the world. Yes. And, and he felt steady, really, really steady through all the chaos of my life changing. When you Look back now at those beginning, first few, even like weeks, month or two of dating, is there anything now you can be like, oh I think that's a red flag, but you were too young at the time to recognize I at 22 was much quieter. I didn't have an opinion on much. I, I'm a people pleaser to my core and I think that that was the thing that was in the driver's seat.


I was a mirror back to whoever was in front of me and I was really good at being whoever people needed me to be. And then I grew up You got engaged after nine months of knowing each other. Yeah. Nine months of knowing each other. I know. Were you surprised when he proposed? No. No. Really? I mean it was like it was balls to the wall. It was all in. Had you guys talked about getting engaged? Yeah. And it's so funny because I swore I would never get married. It was just not my thing. And I think it's because I watched my parents really have a time with it. They had a nasty divorce, they still can't really be in the same room and, and so I think being an only child watching that, walking through that at 12, 13, like those impressionable ages, I was just like, I'm not doing it.


When you guys got engaged, what was your friends and family reaction? They were happy. I mean I think, I think there was definitely a, like this is, this is pretty fast undertone to everything but like, you know, he's a good person and he was really good to me, especially then. Yeah. So I think they wanted to see me happy. I also think that they were watching my life start to change and they wanted someone with me that was more steady so I didn't have a go off the rails moment. Yeah, that makes sense. I was wondering if there were any of those like friends that sometimes it creates a riff in the friendship, but they're like Kelsey, like are you sure?


Like this is really soon. Like did you not have anyone in your life that was questioning you? People Questioned him more than they questioned me. Like my friend Megan, I'll never forget this. The first time she met him she pulled him aside and she said, you have a lot more to gain from this than she does. Why did you think that is? I think we were just in different places. You know, he, he's nine years older than me and he was kind of restarting his career in the States and I was like digging my heels in and it was just, we were in different places with our, with our jobs and with where we were at with them. Did you feel that way that he had more to gain?


I never felt like that until afterwards. Yeah. Did you live together before you got engaged? We did. How soon in did you move in together? Ooh, eight months. Wow. I know eight months in. It sounds Insane for me to say it all loud now Sometimes you can be so in it and clouded in your judgment because like the immediate in front of you feels so good and makes so much sense in your head. Yeah. Not to say it's a full bad decision, it's just like you don't have the wherewithal to be like, let me think about this. Not from a place of being young and in love and infatuated, like it's really fucking hard.


But eight months to move in. Did you move in with him or did he move in with you or did you guys get like a mutual place? He moved in with me. Oh, that's interesting. So he's nine years older, you have a place and he moves in with you. How did that conversation go? It was just kind of the undertone of the whole relationship. Hmm. You know, Now do you see that as a red flag? Do you think if in that specific instance say like moving in, like if you had pushed back, do you think the relationship would've progressed in the way that it did?


Maybe not as swiftly. I think that definitely accelerated it. But like I said, like I was just, I was like how can I be of service? I'm a people pleaser. What, what do we need to do to make this happen? You know? Right. Did anyone ever ask you guys like what's the rush? Like why do you have to get married so soon? Like date, Have fun. You know what, I'm sure people did. Yeah, I'm sure people did and I just simply did not care to listen. Okay. Take me to your wedding day. What do you remember about that day? Oh my God, I haven't thought about that in a minute. I just wanted I everyone to have a nice time.


I didn't wanna have a wedding. Why? 'cause I didn't. I think at the end of the day, I really wanna get married. I did in that moment. But fundamentally, I think from the trauma that I had as a kid, I didn't. And then I think I, I told myself that I did and I, I take the full responsibility of that narrative. Did you ever share with him that you didn't think fundamentally you believed in marriage for yourself? I think these bigger thoughts started really showing up as I grew up.


And that was in the marriage? Yeah. You know, 'cause I was like, of course I, you know, I love you. Of course I wanna marry you. Of course I wanna have kids with you. And then we were married and then it was like time for kids and then I was like, oh no, no, no, no, no. How you enter into a relationship and how you show up to it and like that that's gonna be the through line. Yeah. And so I started overcompensating really, really early on. And that happened till the very end. Can You explain what you mean by that? Overcompensating? Like I was the One who was like, when am I gonna see you?


How is that gonna happen? Here's the flight. Let me buy that flight for you. Here's the hotel. Sure. I'll leave my mom for Christmas and buy our flights to go see your family in Australia. Okay, cool. We have an anniversary coming up. Should we book a trip? Okay, I'll do that too. We're home for a week. I all booked the cleaners. I got that too. Like I just did it all and it's because I, I started it that way. Right. I didn't, I didn't ask him to meet me anywhere. I just did it. When you're saying you were basically financially funding the relationship, when did you start to get like resentful? When I just simply didn't see him. I got to a place where I was like, if I wasn't, if I wasn't killing myself to figure out how this overlaps and how this works as I'm like, you know, busy.


Just, we wouldn't exist. Wait. And why weren't you seeing him? Where is he? I mean, he was touring. He was got it doing, doing it all. I just, I think if you want to, you will. Yeah. So how was your first year of marriage because you were married for five years? Almost five. Like four And a half. Almost five. Okay. So how was the first year of marriage? It was great. Okay. It was great. We like, we were still so young in our relationship. Like our relationship was still so young. Right. Let alone the marriage, you know, so like we were still kind of in like the rainbows and butterflies and it was fun and sweet and romantic and there was effort.


And I know I always say to myself and to my girlfriends of like, you have to get to the year mark and then you kind of start to recognize if you'd wanna be with that person. Yeah. You got married in the honeymoon stage for sure. When did you realize the two of you were not on the same page about what marriage looked like? Longer than I give myself credit for. Hmm. A long time. A long time. And there were, there was separations, there was years of couples therapy. Okay. There was like, there many a nights of sleeping on the couch. Like this was just a relationship that took work for a long time.


Do you remember like the first night that you slept on the couch? I remember, I don't think it was the first night, but I remember it was a night where I was like, this is not what I want. But I slept on the couch the night before the CMAs and I remember te I went to rehearsal at the arena and texting him and him being like, I'll just see you at the carpet. Like, Okay, can you give me a little bit more of an, why did you sleep on the couch? There was just such a sense of disconnection. We hadn't seen each other. There was a lack of effort to see each other. I was getting resentful. Yeah. Because anytime we did see each other, I felt like I was carrying that load and I was tired.


I was just tired of, of showing up in that way all the time and not feeling like I was seen or matched. And then I was also tired from like traveling all the time and like giving so much of myself. 'cause that's what I wanna do to honor my career too. And I think I just felt really depleted and not understood. What did those nights look like? Like fight wise though? Like are you, We didn't fight. You Didn't fight? Yeah, we didn't fight. No. So it would be just silence. You're walking out, you're sleeping on the couch, you wake up and the next morning and it's like, yeah. That's how it goes. Yeah. And when you walk out onto the, like, to go to sleep on the couch, he doesn't come to try to get you, he stays in the room. It's just silence. Yeah.


But how would you feel when you're on the couch, like going to bed? Like what were, do you remember what you were mentally going through? I definitely learned how to compartmentalize, which is some undoing that we're working on now. Yeah. Because I was like, I have to work tomorrow. I have to work tomorrow. Interesting. And I have to show up with him so people don't ask questions. And then, you know, 2021 I hosted the CMT awards. He just wasn't there. He didn't show up. I, I was like, you cannot come. He cannot come. It was so bad. Why did you not want him to go? Because, Because I had to work and I had to show up and I knew that if he was there we were like in and out of separation and, and just not good.


And I was like, it's just like I don't wanna fake it Did, I don't wanna fake it. Did people in your life know that this was happening? Yeah, Everyone in my life knew this was happening. How everyone in his life knew this was happening. How soon into the marriage did you guys get into couples therapy? 'cause I know you said you've been doing it for years, Year two. And what was like the issue you kept reaching a standstill on to make you be like, we need to go to couples therapy. Just like feeling really lopsided. Just feeling like this relationship would not be alive if I, if I didn't do everything. And I just, like you gigging on the plane that I found and booked for you is not enough When you, 'cause I appreciate how you said earlier, like everyone is gonna have their own side and I like really respect Yeah.


That everyone experiences it their own way. But from your recollection of how you felt in those moments, what would be his reasoning when you would come at him to be like, I'm literally doing fucking everything. Like, give me something. Like what would he say? I mean, he was busy too, you know, and I, I think I was maybe a little too nice about it, but like he needed to do what he needed to do too. And, and also by the way, like I don't pin the whole downfall on him at all.


I was not perfect. He was not perfect. It was not perfect. And so there were definitely moments that I look back on where I'm like, oh, I should have done that different. Or I, I could have showed up here. I could have taken the flight this time, whatever it is. And I, in, in the, the unraveling, that's definitely something that I ended up sharing with him. Just saying like, I need to own the last few years of like, I think I checked out a long time ago and I need to like, I need to let you know that


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay. So I went on a trip with all of my girlfriends to Vermont where my best friend was getting married. And we were all gonna figure out like, well where do we wanna stay? And oh, this place is too far away and if you stay there I won't really get ready with you. And then we decided on an Airbnb and it was the best decision of the weekend because we got this house. All of us stayed there. Matt came, my friends came, my friend brought her boyfriend and we all were able to feel like we were almost back in college where we were all in one space. We all got to make our coffee together, we got to eat breakfast together, we got to go on walks together. We got to have a late night conversations after we went to the rehearsal dinner and the weddings. And it was just the best time because I feel like if you don't stay in an Airbnb, you're not gonna be as close. You're not gonna have those late night conversations. And we as girls, you know, how much goes in to those late night conversations. We also had a pool table, which was so fun. The guys ended up playing while the girls were having wine in the living room in front of the fire. Just talking about all the things about life and dating and relationships. You know, a wedding makes you emotional. I told Matt in 2025, my goal is to stay in more Airbnbs or ever we go. If we're exploring a new city culture, learning a new language, traveling, wherever it be, Airbnb is where it's at. So you can really be fully, fully invested in your time and experience all the things that come with that environment. Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only the new city but a new space in the city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at a local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants, Daddy Gang. And if you wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where guest favorites might inspire you and may create a new tradition for you. So Daddy Gang, as you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. Want a big kitchen, a gym somewhere you can bring your dog. It's my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted dropped messages from an unknown sender from the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Your pictures from your wedding were in People Magazine. Yeah. How did the pressure of having a public relationship also impact how long you stayed? I, I think I'd be lying to say it didn't. I think there was a lot, I think there were two levels of fear that I had to get past. One was that I was my parents like having that fear of like, you're doing what they did. How, how has this Happened? Anything that, how our parents fucked us up we're like, I'm gonna do it. The complete opposite. Yeah. Like, I'm not gonna let this happen to me. Yeah. Can you talk about your feelings towards having that as like a big thing in your head of like, I cannot fail because I don't wanna be my parents.


Like how did that mentally and emotionally affect you? I think I got married because of my parents. I think I got divorced because of me. And I, I like, I think me choosing to get out of that marriage was me kind of rewriting what divorce looks like and what it means. I was listening this morning and I remember hearing the line of like, I may be not getting this exactly right, that's okay. But it's like we would text and in place of basically like sex. When did like you lose the spark in your relationship?


Relationship Sex in, in, in my life and in my journey has been something that's taken a lot of work. I think I grew up really, really, really, really religious and I went to like a church of Christ college and like if you have sex before marriage, you're going to hell. That was like in my body. Like not just my mind but like my body. And I had been with one other person before I got married and it was a really negative sexual experience and it was in a relationship but it just was not healthy at all. And so the way that I define sex was very one-sided, very for the man.


Very not, not a sense of connection at all. And then it was also littered, littered with this like, you're going to hell. And so then I got married and like had this shame around it going into it that made it really difficult for us to connect in that way from the very beginning. And I don't even think I understood what a good sexual relationship was. So I don't think I had anything to compare it to. It just was Yep. When we saw each other not very often. Yeah. That would be something that I knew that he wanted and needed and I wanted to be a good wife.


Yeah. Were you lonely? Yeah. Yeah. For sure. But I will say like I learned the value in female friendship. Like, oh my God, so much. Like I'm an only child and I always wanted sisters so badly and I'm would've not this, but like that is such a gift that came out of it was like I, I have like such a good group of girlfriends that would like, they have just shown up when it's not convenient and I, I have a story. Yeah. Because this to me is like, this to me is just in a nutshell the reason it ended and the reason that I'm where I am and the reason that I'm fucking happy.


Yeah. Is there was a time that I was out here, I think it was 2019 and I get really, really, I get sad in la I don't know what it is. And I didn't have a good group of friends out here yet. I do now in therapy. I was learning like, you can't expect your partner to read your mind. If you need something, ask for it. Like that's gonna lead to a healthier communication. And so I remember I, I called him and I was like sobbing and I was just like, I'm in a bad place. I need you. Like, can you please get on a flight? Sent him the flight and he didn't come. And I remember feeling like really embarrassed 'cause I was vulnerable and I asked and I hate asking and all these things.


And it was just a moment that I shared with my friends and whatever. And then last year I was on tour going through the divorce publicly going on stage every night. And my best friend Kelly surprised me at my LA show. And it was such, it was so special. Like that whole show was so special. And then the next day I had a day off and we were driving in Malibu and she looked at me and she was like, Hey, do you know why I'm here? And I was like, 'cause you wanted to see the the Greek show. She's like, no, because in 2019 you had to ask for someone to come out here that should have known. He should have known. And you asked and he didn't show up.


And I'm here to show you that it's not that fucking hard. Who brought up the idea of divorce First? Me? How did you begin that conversation? Take us to that moment. The moment I think it was over, over was I was realizing that I wasn't ready for kids. And that's a fundamental difference. And I don't, and I still don't, I don't know if I want kids at all or not. But that was something that we had talked about early on and that was something that I was changing on, you know, because he was ready. He was like, I don't wanna be an old dad, is what he kept saying. And I was like, I'm not, I just like, I'm not there yet and I can't, I can't do that to like save this and give you something that I'm not ready for.


Like I just can't do that to myself. And I remember I went to get everything checked to see if I could freeze my eggs and I didn't tell him. And I took him out to dinner and I was like, for my 30th birthday, I wanna freeze my eggs. And it was not a good day, it was not a good day. And I think that was when I was like, there's a fundamental difference here that has happened and that has shifted and it's no longer like, I don't see this person, I miss this person. I'm alone, I'm lonely. It's like he wants something out of life that I'm, I don't think I'm, I don't, I'm not there.


And whether I'll get there or not, I don't think it's with this person if it is. And I think internally in hindsight, that's where I went. Like I think maybe we need to rethink this skills. First of all, I really respect you having that moment within yourself to be like, because of now kind of getting to know you, you're like, I have people pleasing tendencies. I sometimes have a hard time with saying no. Yeah. And so I'm just going go with the flow. Yeah. And I'm gonna go with it. There's a lot of people that have children Yeah. To save a marriage. Yeah. And that is, I mean, children are beautiful things.


Yeah. But like not to save a marriage. Yeah. And so the fact that you had that internal strength to be like, I know this is never gonna be something that I can do just to save this, it sounds like there was a very bad reaction. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think had he been like, loving and sweet about it, would you be in this situation? I think at the end of the day, even the fact that I was having the conversation of freezing my eggs, that was telling me that we were on different pages with it. Yeah. You know? Yeah. He was like, ready, ready. And I was wanting to freeze my eggs a year and a half from then. Right. So when did you have the, like the conversation that you wanted a divorce In August, but we had kind of been separated and I had asked for separation and so we were like switching off in the house and I was like living with my mom if I wasn't on the road.


And then I went on this girl's trip to Napa with like all my girlfriends and I just felt joy, like pure joy. And I was, and I, and I, I wasn't sharing it with them. Like we weren't talking, you know? And I was just like, yeah, this, I like this version of myself so much more. So did you end up having like a conversation with him or did you just, did, when did that happen? A couple weeks later when I saw him in person. And it was like a really beautiful conversation if I'm honest with you. You know, I was just really honest. I just said like, I, I've, I've loved, I've loved what this has brought in my life and I respect you and I respect me.


And because of that I can no longer be in this marriage and, and I really wanna do this together and I really wanna like honor the good that we've experienced by doing this the right way. And, and like it was, it was beautiful. Like we cried, we hugged, it was sweet and then something changed and I don't, I haven't talked to him since. Oh wow. You never spoke through like the lawyers and everything. That was it. That was the last day you spoke. Wow. Yeah. He like, after that conversation, obviously you lawyer up and you tell, you tell your team and you get your people and Yeah. And yeah. And everything kind of just shifted.


How does that make you feel that you haven't spoken? I mean, I'm at peace with it now. At first I was just like, I, I just felt like, you know, we had had a conversation of like, let's, let's do this. Right? Like this doesn't have to be, yep. This doesn't have to be nasty. This doesn't have to be what I've experienced divorce to look like. It got nasty. Yeah, it did. He released a song about your divorce and this was before it was finalized. This was weeks after we decided. And you had no idea the song was coming out? No, Some of the lyrics, and these are like, not even some of the, I'm not gonna say the worst, but like it was How long have you been waiting to take our pictures down?


Why am I just finding out? I was reading the lyrics and I was like, oh shit. Like from my interpretation I was like, he is like blaming you of like, you have like known all along that you weren't in this. And like, I'm blindsided and like, why are, why are you just like randomly last minute telling me like this, this is pretty fucked up. When you heard the song and when you hear the lyrics, what does it make you feel? Oh, so angry. So angry. That's like that I felt pretty, I had a pretty good grasp on like my grieving journey until that song came out and I was livid. I think that maybe there's a world where he was blindsided.


I did not blindside him. I think two things can be true and I, I think like if he truly was blindsided, then where was he? And that's the point then. Yeah. Because you write, were you blindsided or were you just blind? The truth is hard to hear, but it wasn't hard to find. Can you explain your like, mentality when you were writing these lyrics and like, where were you at trying to explain this? I mean, I think I was just kind of like putting examples in there. Like we were in therapy for years. Like remember that time that I slept on the couch before the CMA awards and then we like walked the carpet like with bags under our eyes.


'cause we had been fighting like, but not really fighting. 'cause like, you know, I I was just like, again, if, if that is your narrative, if, if that's true to you, like where were you, How does it feel though to like in that moment now be going like back and forth in songs with your ex-husband? I feel if I, if I'm being honest, like I felt like it was really opportunistic for him to put that out when he did, when we were still going through the legalities of getting divorced. And I felt really used in that moment. And again, his healing journey is his healing journey. I respect that.


But, but publicly exploiting it feels a little nasty to me before it's final. Now we're like months past it, you know? Yeah. We're moving on and, and I've taken the time to like actually sit in my feelings and like go through that grieving process and, and take ownership of what I, what I brought to the table too, you know? And, and that's why like this EP has been like, I'm nervous to put it out for sure, but I wish I would've had it in August. I wish, I wish in August when I was like, I'm blowing up my life, I'm doing it.


That someone would've had those six songs that I could've listened to. Yeah. To like, go through the intricacies of the emotions of everything that you think your life is gonna look like. It's not, When you were saying it got nasty, it obviously feels like it's not just because he wrote a song. No, no. Can you share? Yeah. I mean I wanna like protect him weirdly in this. But like, one thing that was, he was so diehard about in the beginning was like, I don't ever want people to think that I'm like using you or riding any coattails or like trying to get opportunities through you or any of that.


And I never felt like he did, I never felt like he did like to my core. Even now I'm like, I believe I have to believe that this man like was purely just in love with me. Not artist me like me, me, you know. And, and then we got divorced and who you marry is not who you divorce. And like, you know, as he's putting out a song about being blindsided, he's taking half the house that he didn't pay for. So you didn't get a prenup. I did get a prenup.


So it was kind of like that. Or alimony. What the fuck, What the fuck? I remember being on tour and I had just gone home. I had like th two shows and then one night off and I flew home to pack up my shit in the house 'cause we were listing it and flew back to Denver and got on a call with my manager and my lawyer and they're like, you know, he like, he wants half the house. That's how they're reading the prenup or there's, there's messy alimony language. And I, and I just remember being on the phone being like, can you articulate to me that I have like a choice right now to either give up half of a house That I bought That I bought and he contributed but not, not equal and or say legally in this marriage and have like public alimony hearings indefinitely.


And they were like, that's correct. And I was like, give him the house. I want out. I want out. Gimme out. How did that make you feel when you got that call? Like, shit, here's the thing and this is the thing that I still have to work on. It makes me not trust myself. It makes me not trust myself because I'm like hurt people, hurt people. I totally get that and I have grace. I really do because I do, I do know that he was hurt and is hurt, but like how did I, how was I married to this person for this long and I had no idea that, that that bit of character was tucked within that human being.


That's what's hard for me. That's what's hard for me.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


When I go all the way back to the beginning of this interview and your friends were like, you have way more to gain than she does. Don't let him take blah, blah, blah. And then I get it. Yeah. The feeling of like, oh my God, it's fucking happening. Yeah, it's, it's all happening. Yeah. It's a really shit feeling. And I also appreciate you being like, I have to somewhat blame myself like that. It, it's hard to, yeah. You gotta like look inward of like, what did I miss? It takes Two to tango. Totally. Fully. And I think anyone that like looks at the downfall of any kind of relationship and just points their finger has a lot of work to do on themselves. You know, like I've, I take a lot of ownership and I like, you know, I write in the, I write in there like I've shared all my secrets and I paid for all my crimes. Like I was not perfect, but I gave my honesty to who I owed it to.


When you look back at this whole situation, what part of yourself do you feel like you lost or you kind of like silenced and pushed down during that marriage that now you're like, whoa, like look at me now. Like I feel like I'm like awake. Mm. I think that I allowed there to be such a fear around getting Divorced at 29. I think for me, I think he loves me more at 23 and I love me more at 29. How are you finding a more positive spin than rather accepting the shame that society puts on women of like, oh God, she's divorced.


I think it's just all about forward motion. You know, like first of all, asking yourself the question, would you rather be lonely in a relationship or lonely alone Coming to terms with that blowing up your life just in letting it, letting the dust settle where it's going to. That's been hard for me. I love that you used the word blowing up your life because I really do feel I don't white Picket fence. No. Yeah. And I feel like it feels that way. Right. And I bet so many people listening are in a situation where they're like, oh fuck, I wish I was you Kelsey, because I haven't blown my shit up yet and I'm just staying in it.


'cause I don't know how to end it. And I don't know if you have any advice to someone of like, how the fuck do you get the courage? 'cause in your mind you actually are saying I'm about to blow my life up. You're not. Yeah. But like, but I, it's, I'm not Yeah. I would say the same thing if I was going through it. Yeah. It feels like that in the moment. So how do you, now that you're on the other side of it to speak to people maybe that are like, I can't blow my life up. Like our families like each other and our friends and our lives are entangled. Like we've have a house together. We may have kids together. Like Yeah. Oh, what do you say to someone that's like stuck in it? I think asking yourself what the worst case scenario is. Like, is the worst case scenario feeling like you're feeling forever? Or is it his mom being mad at you?


Is it TMZ running a story? I what is that the worst case scenario? It's all right. You're right. Worst case is fucking staying in something that makes you miserable. Worst case is staying in something where you are not honoring yourself. And in doing that you're not honoring them. Yeah. And you're not allowing them to go live the life that they want to live. You go through this divorce, you are like, oh my God, Alex. We're like, let's take a sip of you're like, where, where Tequila. Literally we should have been fucking drinking. We should have been. So you go through this divorce. Yeah. You're finding yourself, you're figuring your shit out. Yes ma'am. How did you know you were ready to date again?


Oh God. Am I ready to date again? Looks like it. I don't know. I, you know, listen, I think obviously he and i's healing journeys are different. I think I grieved a lot of the marriage in the marriage and so I think I was ready to open back up a and I don't, I actually have no idea what his journey is right now, but I, I've just felt why not? Yeah, why not? I've never really dated. I dunno how it works. I'm like, well, let's just put ourselves out there. Let's just vibe. And, and it's, it's been fun. I love that too. 'cause I feel like, and I get it, like we just talked about like a bunch of like a relationship and divorce and then I'm like, so what about dating?


It's like you gotta move on to, you have to move. How to, Am I just supposed to stay here? No. And be sad forever. No, please don't. Right. You deserve better. Yeah. Are you single? Am I single? Am I single? God, Nope. I just wanna be so clear on Call Her Daddy. Every time I ask someone if they're single, if it's not an immediate Yeah. You didn't even have to say no. No. You're like I know, I know. I know, I know. Can I go To the bathroom? So you're dating Chase Stokes.


I'm just vibing. Okay. Well I wanna say you guys are, I'm sweating. You're like, no comment. Okay. Can I ask you Yes. Me anything? Yeah. At This point we go way back. She, We saw the photo of you and Chase and now there's more photos of you and Chase. What does it feel like though to have that be so public and like, did you at all think about your ex and like what he would think when he saw those photos? No. No. Well, no, because I'm not married to him anymore and I don't need to care about his feelings anymore.


Right. And I mean that with all the respect in the world, but his journey is not mine anymore. And so I hope that he is protected from whatever he needs to be protected from seeing. I hope he has people in his life that help him do that. That is not my job. How Did you, that's Gonna be a hot take and I'm gonna get picked apart for that. What are you supposed to do? Not do stuff because an ex is gonna see it And I'm not exploiting what I no, what I am or am not doing. Well you're about to right now. Well, yeah. No, just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Yeah, no, I, because I do wanna be respectful. Yeah. And, and also it's, it's new. Everything's new for me. Dating, being photographed with someone, like it's all really new and I'm tiptoeing and I'm, I'm like happy and I am really relearning a lot about myself and how I show up in a relationship and how I show up for myself and love.


And it's been like a really beautiful reawakening, I guess. And I Love how you're trying to fluff around. I know I'm about to come right back in. How did you guys meet? I Slid into his Dms. I fucking love when people slide into dms. Yeah. What did you say? Well, I Was just like, I'm not gonna get on an app. And I, I, and honestly, you know, he shoots in Charleston and my, my manager lives there and he like put the bug in my air. He was like, you know who's really cute? Like when you're ready it's Chase. And I was like, you're so right. And I've never seen the show and, but I just knew of him and yeah, so I followed him and he followed me and I just swan over right On end. You have to not maybe give us the exact, but give us an idea of like, what the fuck are you sliding in with?


His handle is Hi, chase Stokes. And I said, hi, chase Stokes. Oh wow. And then he immediately answered. And you guys kinda look at you We're, we're manifesting baby. Okay. So now that you're kind of in a, now a new relationship, how are you in your head? Are you letting yourself just go for it? Are you being mindful about, like, do you have a certain different way about going into a relationship now with what you've learned in your past? For Sure. Share. Oh, I just, I feel, I feel like because I'm an, I I think I'm finally an adult. I think that just happened over the last couple of years. And I feel like what that means to me is like, I have opinions.


I have a career that is a priority for me to show up for myself and the people that I've aligned with along this journey. And I have aspirations and goals that are tied to no one. And those are all really important things. I have my shit together, you know what I mean? And for me to share that with anyone is a gift. And I want to, I want to be with someone that feels the same way about their life and I want it to feel even that middle ground that I'm so bad at, I, I'm eager to find it. Okay. You have to just give us a little insight of like going on a date with someone and then a photo of them just being like all over the internet.


What do the two of you say when that shit happens? Like when you're sitting in your apartment or you're with him or you're in your house, where the fuck are you, what are you guys saying when that comes out? Wherever you are? What is happening when that comes out? Well he, He kind of ent it a little bit. So basically we had been hanging out and people got a photo of us at the game at the championship and so that was kind of just going and he was like, I mean, it's gonna keep going so should I just like poke the bear? And I was like, sure. And the poking the bear was like a photo of me just like leaning on, leaning on him. How long had you guys been together before that photo leaked?


I mean, I, we weren't even together is like so relative, I don't even really know. Yeah. Like we had been talking for since the beginning of December. Okay, so you were just like, we're just going for it. You're having fun. I'm Having, I'm having fun. What Is your mentality now around marriage, getting married again? Would you ever do it? How do you feel about it? Anytime I've said a hard no to something, I've come back later in my life and challenged it. So right now I would, I would say I don't think I would, I will get married again. I love the idea again of partnership. I'm a relationship bitch, but I, I don't know if I believe in like the legality of it all anymore.


And I think if you wanna be with someone it should be a daily choice. I'm also just fresh out of like a, that like a brutal moment. So subject to change, right? You're like alimony the house, you're like marriage is awful full. Yeah, I get it. I get it. What would you say to someone right now in this moment that's listening, watching and is going through heartbreak? Oh, I would say be proud of how you're gonna handle it in 10 years. I would say only way out is through and I would say like tequila, so much tequila.


I love you. You're like so much tequila. It gets you right through. It's gonna be all right. It's gonna be all right. What would you say to 22-year-old Kelsey right now in this seat where you're sitting? Oh my god. Oh, what would I tell myself at 22? You are going to learn that pissing people off is okay and actually it's necessary. You are going to learn that you can be a good person and not good for somebody. You are going to learn that your circle needs to shrink a little bit and that's gonna hurt and that's gonna be awesome.


And you're gonna learn that 29 is gonna look a hell of a lot different than you thought it would. And so far so good. Kelsea Ballerini, thank you so much for coming and Call Her Daddy. Thank you so much, Alex. Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week.


If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Hey, look at you florist by day, student by night, student by day nurse by night. Since 1998, Penn State World Campus has led the charge in online education offering access to more than 200 degree and certificate programs taught by our expert faculty. We offer flexible schedules, scholarships, and tuition plans to help you reach your educational goals online. Penn State World Campus delivers on your time. Click the add or visit world campus.psu.edu to learn more.