
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. You ever see someone on Tinder that takes your breath away? Take my breath away. Now with Tinder's first impressions, you can send a message to help stand out before you match. Try gassing up their hottest take bond with them over a weirdly specific obsession or hit them with a joke they have to respond to. Try Tinder's first impressions feature and explore all of the possibilities for yourself. Tinder it starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by I excel. If you're a parent and you want to help your child with their homework and set them up for success, then IXL is right for your family. As an effective and affordable online learning tool, IXL covers math, language, arts, science and social studies using interactive practice problems for kids from pre-K to 12th grade. I will be using this when I have a child. Okay, Daddy Gang. Call Her Daddy. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off I XL membership when they sign up today@ixl.com slash Call Her Daddy visit IX l.com/ Call Her Daddy to get The most effective learning program out there at the best price.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Khlo Kardashian. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you. I'm so excited to be here. I am so happy to finally meet you. You are the first Kardashian to come on. Call Her Daddy. So this is a big moment. Oh My. This is a big moment. I'm a trendsetter in the family. Yeah, You are number one. How are you doing today? I'm good. I'm really good. I'm really excited to be here. I called Kim on my way here. Oh my God. Was she like, don't say anything stupid. Don't give the family tea. No, I think she knows I probably will. So she's like, just think about all your answers and like I do not think before I speak and that's my problem.


I love It. Your mom knows you're here. Yes. What does Chris think right now? I think she wants to be here. She was dying. I think. I was like, oh I'm doing this at two. And she's like, if you need to call me just at any time. And I'm like, okay. So I think she really wants to be here. You're like, mom, Give me some time. This is my thing. You can come on next Chris. She will. She's like, what? Yeah, she's gonna, I'm gonna get an email. You joke about how you like rarely leave your neighborhood these days and it takes a not a joke. Yeah, no. Okay. No Serious. Serious. What does it actually like take for you to get out of the house? So I would say that for a few years and I think it started with Covid.


I think sort of everyone became social reclusive for a minute. But that was my good initiation into being a recluse. And then it took me a good four years to get out of it. I feel like this last, since I've been 40, I've been 40 for like six months or something. But I feel now I'm a little more social but I'm choosy about where I go. I think That's good though, right? No, I think it's good. But it was unhealthy how reclusive I was and it was like only kid things and I wasn't gonna do anything adults and like nobody talked to me 'cause I hate humans. And now I'm like okay, I could socialize a little bit. I have my social batteries getting turned up a smidge.


Can you think of a recent time that someone forced you outta the house and you immediately regretted it? Sometimes it's the second I get in the car that I'm like, what did I like? Ugh, my outfit. Like it's just how I feel. It's too much work. And then you just have to like schmooze people and you're like, I don't really, these aren't enjoyable conversations. They're like, it's just small talk and like nobody cares what I'm doing right now with my life. Like shut up. So it's those moments. Oh gosh, I sound like such a Grinch. No, but it's so, No, let me just validate you. It's so real. Like I was saying that to my friend the other day. I was like, I am really losing my patience for just this like fake chatter.


Like I either wanna be with my fucking family where I can just say it as it is and no one's gonna get offended and we're all just talking real. Yeah. Or I'm at work because I love doing this. Is she calling? No. I Was like, it's her texting. No, hold on. The queen. I'm not in glam phone call. Okay boss. Oh my god, I'm Obsessed. Oh my god. She has to be in glam. I respect her. You know, I get it. We're, it'll just be a phone call. I respect her. What is your favorite thing to do when you are like just chilling by yourself? Oh, by myself. Never leaving the bed by myself in my bed. Watching tv. What Are you watching? I mean I love a documentary I just watched shit.


Is it apple cider vinegar? Oh my god. We, no. Did I make that up? No, But that sounds amazing. It's the story about the, this health influencer from Australia that faked having cancer. Oh, Okay. Fascinating. And it's, it's like a two episode. She ends up not having it. She's still on the run and like whatever. But it's fascinating. So I like things like that. Like sort of gossipy, but it's a docu. I need that. I Love that. Okay, this is really random, but what is something in your house that may surprise people? You know, maybe by my bedside drawer is the more like, it's such like a mishmash of things. Like I have Oh, I thought you were able to say like your, your bedside drawer has like I thought you'd be like the vibrators in there.


I was like I didn't know where you were going. Well we have vibrators. I mean sure. But I wasn't gonna disclose all that but you know. Yes. In the bedside drawer. But I have like, 'cause I don't, so I don't smoke weed recreationally, but I have weed pens to smoke to go to sleep. 'cause I hate the feeling so much that it just knocks. Like if I, I could never smoke and talk to you. Wait, that is an episode we have to do at one point Khlo. Oh I know I'm nuts. No, No. What would happen? You're just Like, listen, I just am like I either will hysterically laugh the whole time. My mom and I did gummies together on the show and so I don't know, they didn't kick in 'cause we're not used to gummies and we went to a restaurant and we were so high at the restaurant and we're crying and we ate like five bags of chips and we're just like, we're ridiculous.


But, so I have people are always like, oh I didn't know you smoke. I'm like, I sort of don't. I just smoked to go to sleep because I have a hard time sleeping. I do the same thing. I take like a tiny edible because I don't wanna be high out of my mind. Right. But just enough to like put me in that zone where I'm ready to sit back, relax, enjoy the, Just relax, turn the brain off a little bit. And I also have something Courtney gave me for Christmas. It's called a biochar. What is that Exactly? It looks like a device from back to the future. I'm not kidding. I don't know if this generation knows what back to the future is, but it's this big ass device like the size of this chair and someone has to come and give you a tutorial. Also it's like you have to ask people if they want this gift.


You don't just spring it on them. 'cause where am I putting such a thing? But it is really cool actually it does electro currency and you have different, it's so Courtney like the more I talk it's like totally a Courtney gift. I just was like looking through some of your quotes and I remember you saying to Courtney like what's your, why don't you have wifi in this big giant fucking house? Yeah. And she's like, it's not about the wifi, it's about the radiation. Yeah. Nobody cares. No, we all want wifi. Nobody cares about the radiation when it comes to their phone. No. Okay. You and your mom, Chris Jenner obviously live next door to each other. What is The most intrusive thing that she has done since becoming your neighbor?


Or are you the intrusive one? No, I feel like she's the intrusive one. Okay. But you ask her and she might have a different story. So she spies like if ever there's cars in the driveway 'cause we have two different driveways, but you can see both of them. And she will always ask like, oh I see there's a white car outside whose car is that? And I'm like, I don't fucking know. And like stop asking me. I'm 40 years old and I have two kids like it's, she's very curious as to who's over there all the time. But what I found out recently that she does is when I'm not home, I guess she finds out that I'm not home and she goes in my closet and she looks at things to borrow or take.


And I found that out actually today. Wait, how did you find it out? Because I asked her. I was like, God what? Like I just need to know what, because I keep getting alerts like Chris Jenners on your property. And I'm like, but what are you doing? Like it's always when I'm gone, do you not know that I'm not like that I'm home or I'm not home. And she's like, oh I just wanted to look in your closet for something. And I was like, well what are you looking for? And she's like, just to see if there's anything I could borrow. And I'm like, well you like to me. I'm like, you could ask. And you're doing it intentionally when I'm gone. Maybe She loves the thrill. Chris loves the thrill of snooping around. She, she, oh she does. But then I'm like, well what else are you looking through?


All my drawers. I feel like I just bought my parent a house and they're gonna live like 10, 15 minutes away from me. No, it's the best. It is. It is. Okay. But Khlo you are like sharing a land with your mind. Yes. Like you, you love It. So I do love it. Okay. We're, and especially like when you're gonna have kids and all of that, that's gonna be, it's what people, well I think people dream of stuff like this. Maybe not being directly next door where we don't even have like a property line. We're a little too close. But 10, 15 minutes, that's such a blessing. And send your kids over there. But it's also you don't have an like have your parents like you gotta have dinners with them and there's no excuse.


I think it's the best. Do your Sisters think you're insane? We all live in the same gated community. But they're not directly. No. Like you can see through a window. Correct. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So they think I'm insane. But then Kylie is the one that wishes she is like me. She's like, I wish I was next to mom. And I'm like, well we could always trade houses. So yeah, I feel like a big conversation literally since all the way at the inception of keeping Up with the Kardashians to now is who is Kris's favorite child right now in this current moment? Who do you think it is?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Claude. The if you know, you know AI assistant that's vibing with millions of people around the world, think of Claude as your pocket AI agony aunt for dating advice, journaling or as a sounding board for those important life conversations. You can ask Claude to help with almost any task. Whether it's crafting you a business plan for that side hustle, giving you style ideas based on photos of your wardrobe or even interior design. Inspo for that awkward corner of your living room. While other AI assistants sound like robots. Claude just gets it When it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. Basically Claude's a supportive king. You can chat with Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com. Enjoy Daddy yang.


When it comes to beauty and fragrance, I am all about the fearless unapologetic vibes. And that is exactly what you get in Ys L's newest fragrance Lieb nu lie Lnu is a citrus floral masterpiece alcohol free and completely liberating. It's a fragrance that makes a statement the moment you wear it. I love how it feels fresh light yet still bold. It is the perfect balance of feminine and daring and it's got this incredible staying power and leaves my skin feeling radiant and glowing. It really is the perfect balance of citrus and florals. It's so fresh and sexy. If you are ready to experience something new, trust me. Daddy Yang Lieb lnu. A refreshing twist on the iconic Lieb Oda parum. I personally have this fragrance and I will say my favorite thing, although yes I love my husband thinking I smell good. There is nothing better when women or your girlfriends compliment you. And every single time I've worn this fragrance, my girlfriends are like, no, what are you wearing? Give it to me right now. That smells so freaking good. And Matt is obsessed with it. I'm always looking for something that has a fresh citrus floral scent. But it needs to still be that perfect balance of not overpowering but still bold. And this has exactly that. So Daddy Gang, if you wanna try it out, shop now at Sephora.


Who is Kris's favorite child right now in this current moment? Who do you think it is Right now? 'cause it does change but it changes on probably who's doing The most. I don't know. But if like she was here, she's gonna say me because I'm here but I, it always goes between Kim and Kylie, those two. But I feel like you're so rock solid with her. Yeah, no I am. But see I know where I stand. Like I don't care. You don't, doesn't bother. You don't need flowers. No, it doesn't bother me. 'cause I'm also like girl you're the one that calls me for everything so we're good. You Know deep in your soul where you stand. I do. I'm not insecure about it. People on the internet always say the devil works hard but Christian or works harder.


Has she ever known something about your personal life before you've known it's coming out? She has. Oh my god, she has more times than less her and Kim. So I think that saying is like cool. I'm like Mom that's so badass. And I think sometimes it bothers her and I'm like why does that bother you? But Kim has known about the cheating. I think both of the cheating stuff. I think Kim found out first. I know definitely the se I think both which is crazy. Before I knew and then my mom with my ex-husband, she knew things before I did and had to tell me.


Or even now like just the other day she had to tell me something crazy and I was like, are we okay that this is still happening? But Do you like that they know before you I would rather a family member than a stranger. Yes, I agree. So yeah, I don't like that any of this stuff happens but I don't, I would rather it them. I'm not someone that gets mad at the messenger. That's a great point. And I also was thinking about it too when I was thinking about that like it's great to have like publicists and agents and all that but at the end of the day I think you guys have been so fortunate to succeed in this industry because of how many of you there are and how much you guys have each other's back.


And it's like I really admire the way that it's so clear that you guys ride for each other no matter what. And there's just a lot of people that don't have that because it's not blood. Yeah. Like you have these people out there and if they find something out, they're always gonna have your back in these moments because that's literally your family so Well and we always say like we get how you see someone that's in the limelight and then they're sort of, they spiral outta control. And I also get that because they don't have anyone else that's going through it with them. Like even if they have a family with them, if they're not in the forefront, sometimes it's really hard to understand what that person's going through. And we feel really fortunate that even at the worst of it we're like, but at least we get it together and we can really support one another and we can we will, no one can ever go too far because we're like snap out of it.


We know what you're going through. You can have a bad month, a bad week, whatever. But we're there to support each other and get each other out of it. And they're not relatable conversations that you can have with like your girlfriends and I get that. And so for you to vent these things to your friend group, they're gonna be like, what are you taught? Like I don't care. And those aren't real problems but they're real in my reality. So it's nice where you have this circle of trust that you feel safe with and you can vent about The most superficial, ridiculous things but they matter to you at that moment. And so it is a blessing. Well you have mentioned that your family has multiple group chats. One of them even has ex boyfriends in it.


Okay, tell me who's in these group chats. The one with all the baby daddies is the entire family group chat. And that is like my grandma, my cousin Cece. It's like everyone, there's the OG group chat which is just the siblings and my mom, there's sisters and mom because maybe my brother, if we're talking about men or whatever, my brothers wanna hear it. There's just sisters. Courtney has removed herself out of some group chats. So Unin I know she thinks or at one point Kim outed everyone and said there was a not Courtney group chat that has been gone. But now there is a not Courtney group chat but unintentionally 'cause she left a group chat.


But when people leave I love to add them back. Like who the fuck do you think you are? You are not leaving. And then they get pissed. I just keep adding them Khlo. She's like, like leave me alone. Well who Runs away from a conversation either have it or mute us like Kendall and Kylie does. Oh that's so fucking true. Kylie's like I haven't seen any of your texts in four years but I'm gonna keep Moving. No at least pretend that you're in there. Okay. One of The most iconic moments was when you yelled liar at the Kardashian premiere after your ex Came on screen. Oh I thought you meant at the table Both. Yeah that was The most iconic. And then when you were back at the premiere and it was playing and you screamed liar in the crowd like so fucking good.


You have to make light of like these like you do. Right? Dark situations. So I'm gonna tell you a crazy rumor that I read and if it's fake say liar. Okay. You face tuned your cat Liar. Do I have to say liar? You I could do it like that. Okay. You didn't face tune your cat. No I Didn't. Okay, love that you And just so you know, 'cause I was like wow, that's crazy that people would think that I tried to see if it would work in Face app and it doesn't. So that's a point. If somebody just wanted to check you can't do it. I tried because I was like I just need to know if you fucking can. 'cause that's insane. If it lets you face app an animal and you can't, Hollywood four does not work on the cat bitches.


No it doesn't. I wish it Did. I love it. Me Too. Some cats need it. You and your sisters are all paid the same amount on the Kardashians. True. Oh Are you guys allowed to like cut any footage that you don't like? Yes, but it's, it's more vanity. Things like that we would cut like and mainly like sometimes like my mom or something like that. But I've never, I mean trust me, I would've cut way other shit. I've never cut anything crazy. Who's the pickiest? Courtney. But it's not, it's more because she'll say I say like too many times, so remove this word.


It's more that regard. It's not really because a story, not storylines 'cause they're following us but it's not about a story concept. It's more verbiage. Yes, I get it. Yeah, you wanna present. Well I get it. And she still says like 500 times too much. We Love you Courtney. Yes. Okay. Lie or not Rob lives in your house. Liar. Everyone thinks that. I don't know why. Oh he has his own home. He's an adult. How do you think Rob has managed to say so private? He's a good old recluse like me, I respect it. But we live in the same community. He comes over all the time.


I'm with Dream all the time. But yeah, I don't know why everyone thinks he lives with me. And I love that you asked that because I think as a man too, not that it's a bad thing if he did live with me 'cause he did live with me at one point and I loved it but I begged him too and I actually wish he did live with me now. But I just think also he wants people to know like I got my own shit going On. Okay. Lie or not you have a secret sex tape with your ex-husband. I Don't think so. In 2016 you told Andy Cohen you had it locked and safe. Oh maybe I do Khlo. Wow that's cr. I don't even remember that but may.


If I said that then maybe. Wow. I'm obsessed. A lot happens every year. I'm like wow. I went on Andy Cohen and said that then probably if, if I said that Wait you don't know but Not like a sex tape. It's not like I was like entertaining. Like it was never, if this is, I think it's all coming back to me like I'm sure it was something we just did for ourselves. Yes. Not like to sell to somebody. Oh my god, maybe I know. Kind of fun. Yeah. Good for me. Oh My God. Okay. Lie or not you're like I have a Sex. I was like I do not and then I'm in two seconds I changed my answer. No I love it. Okay.


Lie or not Kris Jenner plants stories in the press to distract from bad news of the family. No my But I love that people think that I love that for her. Even if she did that. I know like I would do that too if I had that power. I'm like plant, plant, plant. Boom. But people Would love what's actually in the media over this planted thing. True. When someone is in the middle of family drama. Yeah. Can you like take us to what happens? Are you guys all on the phone? Are you texting? Are you meeting at someone's house? Like where are you? How is it going now? It could Be all of the above. It depends the level of drama and it's like, you know, is this a code four And probably like a code four is like we need an in person meeting, family meeting stat, get the get Christie on the phone or publicist like we need everyone all hands on deck.


Or if it's a mild thing then it could be a a text war back and forth. But normally no, not normally. It just depends what it is. But we've had a few in person meetings. Do You feel like it's calming down a little bit? Like people are a little less crazy towards you guys or do you think it's still as insane? I think it just depends on the month but I will say for me, but it's also because I've been a recluse recently. But for me I feel like things have calmed down but I'm also not dating and all those things so I don't have a lot of drama.


Which I love that for you. Yeah, I love that for me too. You feel I deserve this for right now. True. I do. Okay. Lie or not your therapist exposed your personal details to the tabloids. True. I know. Rude Khlo Don't be fucking rude. No Beyond Rude. No beyond like not nice. That's like my heart breaks for you in that moment because that is like therapy is such a beautiful thing. I am in therapy and I can't imagine then like the lack of trust that comes from someone that is being paid and is has all the like laws around it that they're not allowed to spread that shit like Yeah.


Were you ever able to confront the person and get closure? No. And this happened, it was couples therapy with my ex-husband and I knew, I know for a fact it was this person but when it happened it was, and this was like the height of tabloids and I, when it was on the cover I was like, I just knew instantly. But I was going through so much personally and emotionally I just said I'm done with this and I'm gonna, and people always ask why didn't I press charges? That's also just not my thing. Like I know who you are and what you did and I don't know what that's gonna do for me. But what was done was done. That happened. And I also saw a doctor when I was with Lamar and I was trying to get pregnant.


I was doing IVF and that doctor or a nurse, I can't say which one 'cause I don't know. They released my IVF records to the press and that's a violation of HIPAA law as well. But I just, those two things really, the therapy thing really messed with me. And I took a break from therapy for a long time. I now have a new therapist but it took, I mean at least like 10 years it took me to trust someone again. I was gonna say because I feel like especially when you go through things that you have publicly shared on the show and that has come out in media with like romantic relationships or even just like with your family and your life, like the natural thing that people would say is like, you should get into therapy and you should talk about how this has affected your ability to trust or to love or whatever.


And then for you to have to be like, I tried that and they violated. Right. It's so backwards and I'm so sorry that you've had to deal with that. Thank you. Because it's, no one should ever have to deal with that. And then it's like how do you even begin to look for help when you feel like the help that is there is going to exploit you. Yeah. You don't feel safe. And the whole point is feeling safe. Is it true that now your new therapist is the same as Kim's? True. Oh my god. How is that going that you are sharing therapists with your sister? I, I think it's great. I don't know, I think it's great but also Kim and I work really well together in life. We really do. And Kim introduced me to her.


Kim was like, I'm seeing her. I think she'd be really beneficial to you. And she is and she's just, and I think it's sort of good 'cause she gets our dynamic even from a deeper level by knowing Kim. Oh nice. I think so. Yeah. And she gets to hear Kim's version of the story or Kim's version of, not that it's a lie or anything but like Kim's version of our childhood and my version and you know, 'cause we all have different experiences and how we narrate things and I, I think that's important. I think that's amazing. I was also thinking like half the time you could be like, oh I'm sure Kim ca caught you up on this but this recently just happened. And then boom you're in it. And if she does she's really good. Yeah. At not acting like that.


Okay. Obviously everything that you do is basically discussed on the internet. Do you read your comments? Sometimes. Okay. I think it just depends. I ha didn't for years lately I'll, not that I'm really reading, I like to engage with fans. So it's more like I like to just like hi, I love you like nice things. 'cause I'm just appreciative. But when it gets, I could tell if I'm in like a dark place and I'm like, I'm not strong enough to read things. So it just really depends on me. But I wouldn't say no. What comments upset you The most? Right now I feel like I'm really good. Like I'm in a good place.


I don't think I'm like, ugh, shut up. Like I could just brush it off and be like, I don't know, someone said something to me the other day and I'm like Daddy chill. Like leave me the fuck alone. But things just don't get under my skin. But before it would probably be more, I think when I was fresh off of the Tristan cheating on me stuff, if it was any comment about me being weak or like I can't keep a man or things like that that maybe I was already insecure about. Like I was like okay that just, that's a trigger. But more so 'cause I'm insecure about it. If they said it to me on another day, it probably wouldn't bother me. I think that's also interesting because looking at public figures, so much of what we are seeing or things that people are also experiencing in their everyday life, like there's nothing more relatable than getting cheated on.


Sadly I've been cheated on. Everyone in this room has been cheated on and it's so fucking sad. But you having to play it out on the world stage, people get to have the opinions. Yeah. Where like so many women obviously listening and watching are gonna be like, oh I went back after he cheated on me. But that is not on the tabloid. So you having to read things. I do love that you're saying like it literally depends on the day. Some days I'm feeling good. Yeah. It just depends where you are at mentally. Totally. There's some days I'm like I can't, like there was a time that I was like I can't even go outside 'cause I was so embarrassed to even look at people and that I'm like, but why did I carry that with me? Like now that I'm out of that and I don't know. And it was obviously something that I had to process and go through and work on myself about.


But I'm not gonna deny that I wasn't at that low of a point where there were times I would not leave my house 'cause I just didn't even wanna look at someone in the eyes like that's how dark it got from me.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Nike. Nike has just launched the new 24 7 collection. Nike knows that athletes need to perform and they wanna look good too. This is a new head to toe apparel collection created with performance innovation that delivers tailored all day comfort for a busy life on the go. Think elevated travel, wear a casual date night from the gym to a meeting for women and men. If you know me, you know I love this kind of clothing. Okay, I wanna look comfortable, but I also wanna be able to wear it to the airport and to a meeting. Okay. I am obsessed with their impossibly soft pieces for him and her. They have the joggers, they have half zip pullovers, they have crews super luxurious, soft feels. And let me tell you guys, Matt's birthday is coming up and you best believe I am getting my husband some good old Nike from this 24 7 collection. Matt loves this stuff to work out in and he also loves it when we're just lounging around the house. They also have perfect stretch pieces for, we have the flowy pants for the women tops, pleated skirts. Super cute. And then for him they have pants and chinos. You can put them in your gym bag in a crumpled up ball. You can throw it on and you're gonna look polished to shop the complete 24 7 collection. Head to nike.com.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by White Claw. I don't know who needs to hear this, but you are way too hot to be spending the summer sitting inside scrolling on your phone. Okay, take it in Daddy Gang. We are getting the string bikinis out of storage and plans out of the group chat. And you know what goes perfectly with the seven UV index and yapping with your girls a can of cold white claw. Mm. When I think about White Claw, I think about the best times of my life. Okay, I think about summer, I think about a little cooler. I think about Matt popping open a can shirtless by the pool. Okay, I think about a mango white claw. Okay. That is right Daddy Gang. It is a white claw summer, a hundred calories in 12 glorious ounces gluten-free and the taste, you know and love. We're keeping it light. This summer we're splitting a variety pack because there's an iced cold claw for everyone in a friend group like peach, black cherry, mango. Boom. You guys, you know I am an OG black cherry girl. If you saw me on tour, you saw me holding a black cherry every turn, every corner in every city. It is time to come outta hibernation and stop leaving everyone on red. Get out there. Daddy Gang, enjoy your summer. We're finding a guy with a boat and we're having a damn drink. Okay, pick up a pack from your favorite local spot and grab life by the claw with your favorite flavor this summer. Tell him your founding father sent you. Please drink responsibly hard seltzer with flavors. White Claw seltzer works, Chicago, Illinois.


What do you think is the biggest misconception about your family? Like, it's silly to me, but when people say we're not talented and I think in the traditional sense, like no, we're not singing and dancing. Yes. But nowadays there's so much more to people and I think we have so much power in marketing and branding and we've been in this business for 20 years. And to be able to do that and to do that with six, seven, if you include my mom, different unique individuals and sustain and evolve and keep that going. You would call, if we were men you'd be like they're marketing geniuses. But because we're women, people want to, you know, sort of poke and make fun and we are along for the ride, we will make fun.


We're along with the jokes, we'll go with it because we have a good sense of humor and we get it. But traditionally, yes, we're not sitting here singing on a stage performing and I respect that. But they, we also deserve a little respect in terms for how long that we've been sustaining in this industry and evolving and not just coasting and to do it with so many different people. I think what you guys have built is so fucking incredible. Thank, Thank you. I just wanna first say that Thank you and I agree with you that I feel like for a while that was definitely the sentiment where people were like genuinely so frustrated that your family had so much traction and there was like this absolute want for none of you to succeed.


Yeah. And you all surpassed that. And like you said, you've all built your own individual businesses. Like it is insane that every single one of you has a thriving individual business while also the collective business. Yeah. And I think that you're right with regard to like the way that people speak about men versus women, I also do think that maybe the tides are going to shift because you now look at a traditional influencer, right? And I think we're watching a lot of influencers rise and fall within two years or one year or three years or four years because it's like they take too many brand deals and then they become less relevant and then they're kind of done and right.


Inauthentic. Yes. And it's not authentic and it's not this or it's that. But I can imagine, yeah, it's, it's frustrating to know if it was X amount of men in a family of brothers, yeah. It'd be like, God damn they're so fucking smart. One of 'em should be the president of the United States. Meanwhile We think that all the time, right? But we also get it like we're the first ones to, we take it on the chin. Like, and I also think that's what we all should do. I think yes, it's okay to still prove your place in the world, but also understand if people aren't forward thinkers with you. 'cause I get it, at the time people couldn't understand well how are they, how are they acquiring such want and desire and attention?


But what do they do? Like I get that and, but we've proven ourselves and especially when people, like you said, we're praying and trying for our downfall and we were like, no, we're good. It's really cool to see how you guys have continued to build in a way that as a business woman myself, like I look up to what you guys have done. Thank you. No, I love it. Okay, I'm gonna give you a scenario scenario and you tell me which family member you would call first. Okay. Okay. Who would you call if you needed a last minute red carpet? Look Kim. Whose closet would you love to steal from The most?


Kim and Kylie Who has the best style. They're so unique and different in their own ways. But if I had Kendall's body, I would say Kendall. Okay. Who was The most high maintenance person in your family? Chris Jenner. As she should Be? Yes, rightfully so. Okay. What's a star? Are you calling if you wanted to get back at an ex that did you wrong? Ooh. Well I would be, I would. 'cause I would, it depends who, but I would say Kendall, Kylie Kim on conference. I can't imagine how much money people would pay for that trio.


If you need advice like Ima, I can't imagine being able to just call those three women and be like, I need advice. This man fucked me over. What do I do? Yeah. So good. Okay. What is the pettiest thing that you've done to get back at an X? So I'm not like that petty of a person. I wish I was like, but I will say I'm gonna fuck your dad. No, but it doesn't happen. But that would be like my dream if I was like that petty. But no, that's never happened. Khlo, the way that you just said that was like, I was like, oh my God. Yeah, she's Done that because in my soul I want to, but then I'm like, I will braid your hair later. Like I'm such a pussy.


But I pretend I am. Like I, in my soul I'm like, and if when I'm mad at you, I will fucking go off and I'm a machine gun with my words and insults and then I'm like, all right, whatever. You're like, no, I'm over it. I got all the energy out. And then you're like, what are you doing later? And Hang out. Right. Fine. Come over. Who makes the worst decisions when it comes to guys in your family? Can I say myself? No, I would say me. Not anymore though. No, cancel. Cancel. Yeah. Yeah. Not anymore. I do not claim that energy anymore. We're done. What is the furthest length you've ever gone to get Intel on a guy? Oh, I've gone far. I've, I've gone far.


I mean, yeah, I've either Kim has this way of knowing how to hack into people's voicemails when voicemails were a thing. So we've done that in the past. Oh my God. Yeah. I'm just picturing you guys like sitting around the kitchen. Yeah. Getting in there. Yeah. Screaming when you hear it Screaming, throwing the phone down or like, 'cause you're like, oh my God. Like we didn't think we would actually get in and we'd get in And most times would you find something? Probably every time. I mean I've also, I've also to my, yes, I've had trackers on people's cars before. Yeah. Oh She is gone. Listen.


Gone girl over here. It's so crazy too when people are like, oh well is that crazy? It's like, no, when you force a woman to go crazy, it's like, what did you Do? Well that's what I hate. Do not act like you did not put me in this position and you did not make me be this psychopath. But I think that's something I need to think as a red flag in a man when they create the psychopath in me. It's so true. But it doesn't mean we can't look back with fond memories. Like Khlo. I remember I got my, my boyfriend cheated on me. I decided to stay and I got his iPad and it was connected to his iCloud Khlo.


I'm living in New York City at the time. And it was a big ass iPad. They didn't have the small ones. I'm walking to and from work, getting on the subway, going to work and I have the iPad open at all times. Reading his incoming texts, reading, reading, reading, eating, lunch. I would literally set it up at work. It'd be my computer scream the iPad. No, it's an addiction. It's an addiction. Once you start you can't stop. I've been there, I have been there so bad. I remember my ex-husband and he remembers this story. I'm sure he, we were married, he was doing his thing and he went down to some motel in downtown LA and was with a girl. And I was young, not that, I mean I'm like maybe 26, something like that.


Probably still old enough to not behave like this. But I was there and I remember asking the guy at the front, I was like, Hey, is Lamar Odom? Where's Lamar Odo? Like he's this big guy, you can identify him. He told me what room he was in. I saw in the window that him and this girl were, they were either naked or in he, she was in lingerie, something like that. I knocked on the door, they answered it for some reason. And I just started going ballistic. And I remember the next day it was I think Penelope's birthday party and it was a cowboy party and my knuckles were all bloody and gross. And I just had bandanas wrapped around. I was on theme and I acted as if nothing ever happened.


And I don't think I ever said a thing he could not understand how I knew where he was. And I was like, I don't give a shit. I'm not telling anybody anything. And why are you in a motel in downtown LA at three in the morning? The best part is you're saying, you're like, he's like, how did you find out Khlo Khlo? They're always like, how did you find out? You're like, it doesn't matter. Why are you doing that? Why are you here? But also everyone told like it's like you're this seven foot tall man, you're, and you're on the Lakers, everyone knows who you are. You're very identifiable. So I think how I found out was people on Twitter were like, Lamar Odom is da da da. And so I of course am that psychotic. I searched his hashtag for his name of course.


Like real, not psychotic girl does. No. Oh my God. Do you remember like that I used to go, if I knew he was at a certain club, I'd like go to the Instagram story of the club. Of Course. See who's tagging at the club. Then you go to their page. Oh no it's you never sleep girls never sleep. But That is when to any girl going through it right now, there is something so genuinely freeing At first it's painful 'cause you literally feel like you're going through withdrawals where like I remember my friend took the iPad from me and she was like, yes, we're done. No you Need to. And I said no. And then I took it back and it only took him finally figuring it out and deactivating it. Yeah. Like she couldn't even get it away from me. But then it ended up I started living my life again. I would go to work and not Be focused on the iPod. It's an obsession and an addiction.


And the best thing is when you're free of that. And I pray I never am back there again. Me too. For I won't be. Yes, won't be. I'm sending all the energy. I won't be. This was years ago. Some heck. Like you've mentioned you've recently turned 40. How would you describe this new era of your life? Like entering this new decade? Just give me all the feels. So I have heard bef when, when I was in my thirties like, ah, turning forties is so great. Everyone's like, it's freeing, it's this. So I always had a really good perception of what 40 was gonna be like. And my thirties were just really tough for me. Like a lot of traumatic experiences. I had great experiences like by having my kids, but either business or the so many things weren't going the way that I really wanted them to or how I envisioned.


And I think that for me at least, I envisioned being married and having kids and I just had this different fantasy I guess, or just what I thought when I was 20, what was gonna happen in my life and those things didn't happen. And then I was like, you know what, instead of making this such a sob story, I'm gonna be like, I can't, let me change the narrative, get all the shit out in my thirties and I'm gonna leave them in my thirties and they're just gonna be stepping stones and things that make me stronger and better for my forties. And intentionally. In the last like two years of my thirties, I was, I called it like shedding this negativity. And I actually saw this. He's not, he's like a spiritual healer and he was like, you are like your new decade is gonna be this fresh start for you.


And he just sort of confirmed everything that I felt. And I started a couple new businesses in my thirties but they didn't come true until my forties. And I just felt like now so many great things are happening for me. Not that they weren't my thirties, but the traction. The traction was slower and I'm not gonna hold on to any of the negativity that I had in my thirties. So I'm like, okay, that was all the bullshit. I'm leaving it there and I'm only receiving, receiving and accepting beautiful positive things from my forties. I love everything you just said because at the very beginning you said something that I think is very relatable, especially for women and just like timelines when you're talking about like wanting this thing for yourself and having this like very, very clear vision of exactly what you thought you were gonna have.


And I have so many women right into me being like, I am 32, I'm 35, I'm 30, I am 38, whatever it be in that 30 or like end of the twenties era. And it's this like horrible feeling. You feel like upset with yourself and disappointed in yourself because you're like, no, I was supposed to do this. And especially when you're comparing yourself Yes. To whether it's your sisters or your friends being like, but she got married and she was doing this. And then you start to just feel like you failed. Yeah. Like and and there's no chance to get the time back. And I fucked this up. Like do you have any advice for any women listening of how you did end up pushing through, not sticking to the timeline that you had envisioned essentially your whole life growing up?


Well I think at first you have to go through those feelings and it's okay to feel it. Like I definitely felt like a failure or my time passed. And you, I think it's natural to compare, at least for me, I have all these successful siblings and I see all what they're doing and I'm like, okay, but I'm sort of stagnant at this place. And for me, I love to pray. I listen to, I have a bible app that I do every morning. I need that time for myself, but it sets the tone for my day. And if I don't do that or if I don't at least have your positive affirmations or whatever that is, that really encourages yourself. If it's the gym, like little things, you have to take that you time.


But I took time intentionally this year to self-reflect and be like, what am I doing? 'cause it's not everybody else. So what am I doing that's not sticking or let me change how I'm handling something else or, but when it comes to marriage or kids like that, I feel bad that we put that pressure on ourselves. And it's hard not to because essentially we do have this biological clock that's ticking when it comes to babies. But also what is really cool is I did do IVF in my twenties and when you froze embryos, then you had to sign something that when you're, I believe it said like when you're 40 or 42, if you don't use these embryos yet, you have to either donate the embr, you have your choices, either donate them to science, donate them to people for adoption or terminate them and you signed which ones that you agreed to.


And then I did, I made embryos, I wanna say when I was like 35 and that time span now it's at like 50 something. And so it moved about 10 years 'cause our life expectancy is longer. So I'm saying that to say that there, we don't have to have kids as early as we once thought we could. My mom years ago had Kendall and Kylie at 40 and 41 and that was what, 28 years ago or whatnot? 29 years ago. And so I think sometimes we have these expectations or we think by 32, if I don't have X, Y and Z done, then it's over for me. But that's not essentially the case. And I think we have to focus on what makes us happy and everything else will fall into plan.


And if it's in God's will, it's gonna happen. Not to get all spiritual, but I do think what's meant for you is always gonna find you no matter what. But you have to believe it's gonna happen. And mainly you have to believe that you're worthy of that. There was a long time that I didn't think I was worthy of a certain type of love. And I think that shows and I really had to work on myself and say that I'm worthy of the same type of love that so many other people are. I can tell the way you're saying it, Khlo is like, it took a lot of the shit that was painful to get to the place where you're getting to say that. And so that's why I also think I appreciate you sharing that because I think someone could really need that advice right now.


'cause they could be in a similar place as you were Yeah. A few years ago. Or you just found out that you thought the love of your life isn't gonna be that anymore. Like whatever it is that's like shifting for someone right now. That message I think is so powerful to alleviate a little bit of the stress that they feel that they're putting on themselves. I wanna talk about your romantic life for a second because you were only 23. 23 when keeping up with the Kardashian started. I think I was 22. 22? Yeah. Okay. 22. Can you talk to me about like in hindsight, looking back now, like how do you feel that some of your hardest romantic relationship moments played out on the world stage for the public eye?


So what's interesting is when we started, we were just supposed to be show filler. I think Lindsay Lohan had a reality show that was supposed to go on E and something happened where she scrapped it last minute and E was like, we need something filler, just six episodes. And my mom and Kim were like, we're gonna do it. Or I don't know how that conversation went, but basically we had this show and we were told, don't worry, don't get, I think the quote was don't get too comfortable here. You're just filler. So when we first started we were like, we just weren't thinking that this is, people are gonna watch this. Do you know what I mean? Yes. We were just like, we're filler. We're told not to get comfortable here.


It is what it is. And so we were just being morons, like just who we are, like just not overthinking it. And it turned into something, it snowballed into something really great, but I didn't think everything through, if you will. And so I'm just being me and, but I also have always tried to keep that for me, I don't wanna overthink or else I think it really changes how the show is perceived. And so with that, I intent, not that I want all of these things to be played out on the show, but I've really made a conscious effort to not edit. And if I, I feel like it's fair game.


If something's in the press that's true and that's happening, it's my sort of, it's my obligation to have that on TV because that's what In fact is happening. And that's not fair for me to say, you know what? I don't want that on the show 'cause it's in the press or what, 'cause it hurts me or whatever. I feel like I can't be the only one going through certain things. And if it makes somebody else feel seen or if it helps somebody get through something or it doesn't have to be the exact same thing, but if it's something that they can relate to at all, I really hope that I make someone feel more seen and safe and that they're not alone on this island that feels so incredibly isolating.


One of the things again that I think like people, I mean you got so much commentary obviously on your relationship with Tristan, but I do genuinely believe that there were a lot of women that connected to it and even if they were ashamed or embarrassed that they have done something similar. I think that storyline was also so massive aside from like the intricate, intricate details of like holy fucking shit. Like that was insane. But the actual relatability of it and going back to someone and trusting them again to then have them fuck you over again. Right. Can you talk to me about how you decided though that relationship was worth another try?


Because I think a lot of people go through that feeling. So With the Tristan stuff, when we, when Kim, I think it was found out that Tristan was cheating on me when I was pregnant. She was, I, if I remember correctly, I think she was about to sit down for keeping up interviews. And it happened while she was in the interview chair. I don't know if as much would've been shown if that's not how it was unfolding in real time. We just happened to be filming all the fucking time. So it did happen that way. And then that happened, I went into labor 48 hours later and I chose for, I agreed to have the cameras in the delivery room.


'cause I wanted that for True and I chose for Tristan to be there because it wasn't about me and people couldn't get over that. And also, I've never had a baby before at this point. It's my first pregnancy. I want to have what I envision, like we just talked about. But I also wanted, I just wanted what I wanted and I don't know if that was the right thing. And I don't know, I just did what I felt was the right thing to do by saying to my daughter, your dad was in the delivery room. I don't need to tell her one day she's gonna know everything. 'cause she's gonna be old enough to know. But I don't think she needs to know, oh, I didn't have your dad in there 'cause I was so angry.


Do you know what I mean? I, I felt like these are, I can't make a permanent decision off of temporary emotions. I'm not gonna hate Tristan forever, but I will never get that birth experience back. So there's so many things I did for my child at that time. And I remember I was in Cleveland, I was staying there and after the birth of True and I was like in this isolated bubble of being alone with my child with these hormones, I would not watch tv. It was a huge media story. I couldn't even leave the house. We were surrounded by paparazzi.


It was really isolating and overwhelming. I had no family and I don't, I honestly don't know, but little by little Tristan and I just started reconnecting and seeing this man with your brand new baby and all these things, yes you do get blinded by so many things and I'm not gonna deny that. And, but interestingly enough, I always had this guard up after that. I always felt something wasn't right. And that is something that I, I don't regret because I have Tatum. But that's something that I always remind myself.


I could never fully get back there. And he knew that. And we would talk about it and we even did therapy over it and like we never, I never could fully trust him or I never felt safe around him again. And so like either if he hugged me or little things like that, there were things that anybody could tell that I had major guards up. And so I'm not saying what I did was right, but there was, God had other plans 'cause I had my son. But there was something that I pushed to the side and I don't know why it could have been that I was just so hormonal and new. I, I don't know.


But yeah, it's just, I, I know if I didn't have a baby, I never would've stayed with Tristan like ever. Do you think that now looking back, did the first cheating hurt or was the second one worse?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Better Help Daddy Yang. I have talked to you about how therapy has been such a great investment. A big investment, but a great investment. And because I know the state of my mind and how I feel about myself is so important to me, enjoying life in general and being a good person and being a good friend and being a good daughter and being a good wife, that investment has returned to me tenfold. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with better Help online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. With better help you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should be accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you can get quality care at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it and now it's within reach. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it is convenient. You join a session with a click of a button and boom, you're ready to go. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/daddy to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE lp.com/daddy


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. You all know what speed dating is, right? Well if you are the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating only for hiring? In other words, you could meet several interested qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. As an owner, personally as business owner for me, I'm like, yes, yes, yes. Where do I sign up? Well good news. There is that thing. It is. Zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. Zip Intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. Simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you wanna talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. So easy. Daddy Yang. This is going to be a game changer for people who are hiring for their companies. It is so hard to hire and ZipRecruiter has always been there for us. Now they are taking it to the next level and making it even easier. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter. Rated number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash daddy. Again that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash daddy. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Do you think that now looking back, did the first cheating hurt or was the second one worse? I think the first one hurt The most because I was pregnant. But also I didn't get to sit with my feelings enough for the first one. I gave birth less than 48 hours later after the first cheating scandal happened with Tristan. And I don't know if this sounds right, but it's, what I can think to say is that I don't even think I was able to process everything that happened because I, like, I think if I maybe was six months pregnant and that happened, I probably would've walked away and never went back.


But because I gave birth less than two days later and then you're, you sort of, I, I buried my head in the sand and I was like, I just want to have this bliss that I always dreamed of and have a brand new baby and have the daddy here. And, and I think who wouldn't? But it's really, when you've never been in that position, it's really easy to judge and to say things. I only did the best that I knew how, and I think the worst part of that experience was how much I let down my younger sisters. 'cause I remember they were like, he's gonna do this again. Don't like stay with him. And I remember, I don't know exactly what was said, but I just remember sort of the, like the disappointment in them.


They would never say that to me and they've never said that to me. But I've always felt how much I've disappointed them by staying and doing that again. 'cause that's so I I didn't do that. I was always like, fuck him and they're disrespecting you. And so I've al I still feel really horrible about that because I've always been this big sister to them. But I will say, so I don't, maybe the second one hurt more because I lived with it in for so much longer and, and maybe I've had more shame with the second scandal because I sort of knew it was gonna happen again.


Do you think you would ever talk to Kylie and Kendall about it? Like now having hindsight, like I realize like I never, I still have this like feeling that I let you guys down and I like I would talk to them about anything but I don't think they would ever admit that I let them down 'cause I don't, I don't think that they realize how much I saw in their faces. Like I don't think, and I think now True's gonna be seven next month. And so seven years have gone by and so much life has happened for Kendall and Kylie as well. So maybe they even understand more than seven years ago.


But I'll never forget their faces and I don't think for a second they would even feel like I disappointed them. But I remember those faces and it's hard to forget something like that. I was gonna say like I think that what you said though is so relatable of like, but they've lived since then and I think the closer you get to more life experience, more life experience, like even you saying that Khlo, I'm gonna be honest, like I bet when all this came out seven years ago, I was probably like judging you like, oh, like how did she get back with him and, and what is that? And then now I'm sitting here and I'm thinking about having kids one day and I'm thinking about myself being in a situation where I do have a child.


And when you're talking about this period where you're like, I literally gave birth. I just gave birth and yes I wanna enjoy that. Like I so get that now because I'm getting closer to that point in my life where I probably in my early twenties yeah. Was like what the fuck is she doing on my, you know what I mean? Right. Like it's just perspective. But I probably would've done the same if I saw someone going through that. And sometimes you can see a car crash happening before it actually happens. And you know when you asked which one hurt more at fir like my initial reaction was, oh the one with true the first one. But then I was like, but actually no I think the second one because I, I had so much more time to live with it and you know, I hid it from the public that I was having a second baby even though I found out he had a second, he had not a second, he had another child.


And then I had to deal with this privately and that was almost worse. But I was so ashamed to tell the world that I was having another baby because I already knew what they were gonna say and I already knew what everyone was gonna say about me. And I, I already knew in my gut that that was probably gonna happen again. And then that sounds idiotic. Why would you be with someone? But there was just this now I knew in hindsight, oh that's what that feeling was of never feeling safe with him again. That I just, my body sort of knew a woman's intuition, this isn't the right fit for you. But at the time I couldn't identify what that is.


I don't know if that makes sense. No, no It does. I wanna ask you like to someone sitting and listening to this right now that is contemplating staying with someone that cheated on them. Like do you have any advice? Well from my experience I don't think people really can change in that regard. But I also think, I don't know you, I would have to know like the context of the story. I don't wanna like tear anyone's dreams down. For me I would say, you know, once people show you who they are, believe them. And that's something I had to learn the hard way.


And also you have to listen to your gut and your intuition. And I really was trying to mute mine I think because I wanted to have this vision of what my life was more than I would listen to something and, but that what kind of life is that? I also just feel like the takeaway too is like yes we can sit here and try to give people advice but like sometimes you actually need to live it. You do. Sometimes you do need to get punched in the gut and have these horrible things happen for you to know now. Like yes you felt that gut feeling that maybe they would've cheated again. I had the same thing and he did. Yeah he cheated again but I needed to feel it 'cause I couldn't have anyone look at me and tell me otherwise until I was done with it myself.


And I really, really learned from it and was able to move on and have closure within myself because also giving credit to friends and sisters like they can beg us. Yeah but it's so fucking different when it's your life and there's kids involved, it is hands down, there is, you have to go through it on your own. And the advice I would give when I was single with no kids is so different than the advice I would give having kids and it's really, really fucking hard when you have children involved and you have this fairytale that you really want to fulfill and live out and you can't and don't, but that doesn't mean that another fairytale can't be created. We got to kind of see you get this closure with your ex-husband Lamar this season.


How do you come to terms that love just like isn't enough sometimes. I know that's sad because I think in your twenties you really believe that love is all you need. And Lamar was one of, Lamar is, you know, I really do think it was the right person, wrong time. And I have so much love for Lamar and I and every relationship that I have, like I'm so grateful for them. Even the worst of them. Like I really think that they mold me and they make me more empathetic and compassionate and they just, they build me in a different way. And with Lamar, like I, that was one of the best, it's crazy 'cause it was one of the best chapters of my life.


And then also it took away so much of my innocence. It was, there were things that I was exposed to that I never in a million years thought I would be exposed to. That was, I definitely lived a double life for a long time. And again, even things I never would've even predicted that I would have been living or I don't think people could imagine. But when it was one of The most awkward things I've ever filmed Lamar and I have so much history and to not talk to someone in almost 10 years and then to be around them and I didn't know what to expect.


I was nervous. He was clearly very nervous. I felt like without me realizing it. 'cause we, we sat for four and a half hours. So what you guys saw I think was maybe at 20, 30 minutes tops. We were there for four and a half hours and there were things that I didn't realize until watching. I sort of blacked out and it was just my trauma taking over and this was me in autopilot and how many things either he did or said that were triggering me to the old Lamar. So I noticed myself being short or snappy or this or that and I didn't like that version of me.


And, and I'm sure he didn't like that version of me or whatnot. And maybe I triggered him in different ways, I don't know. But it was, I really love that I got that experience with him. But I think there's so much more that maybe needs to be said and done. But I also don't know if I need that right now. And I think that's like okay to say like I feel like even you saying like 10 years without speaking to someone and then you're sitting across from them and you're still having a trauma response. Like that is one normal to everyone who says like, well trauma just goes away at some No, no, no. Like a lot of times it can live with you for your whole life or it can be a speci specific things trigger it if you smell something, if you see something, whatever it is.


So like you having that response, I agree. It's like now you can take your time on your time and on his time when you guys can figure out it works for you to like go down that path. But maybe it doesn't all need to be in like one sit down. Like let's fix this whole thing. Yeah. And like, let's move on. Like, And I didn't think for a second I still was holding onto anything. And so then when I was with him were certain like just certain things that either made me have flashbacks to 10 years ago I was, I just noticed that I turned my brain off 'cause so much I didn't even remember being said or done until I watched the show and I was like, oh damn, that was a little harsh. Or I can't believe I said that to him or, and but it's wild that I would black out at daytime.


Like it's not like I was on anything. That's why I was like, it was, it was so bizarre to me. I've never been in that situation before. But I also like, I'm so grateful for all those experiences too. And I, but I do think maybe more does need to be discussed. I just don't feel the need or the urgency to do it right now. Do you think you would ever get married again? I would love to get married again. You would? Yeah. I, a lot of people think that I am very like maybe cynical about love and I, I'm a hopeless romantic. I believe in love and I think it's beautiful and I love the union of marriage. I respect it so much.


And you're single right now? I'm Single right now. Are You dating? I have not dated in over three years since Khlo Tatum was in my surrogate's belly. Okay, would You, yeah, over three Years. When are, are you going to get back out there? Are you still gonna take it slow? Like do you have an idea of like, So I think I need to work on things with myself still. Yep. Because I, I'm really happy. I don't feel lonely. I don't feel any of that stuff. I feel great. Which is actually like concerning 'cause I feel like I could go this way for like 10 more years. You're Like, I love this shit. I'm in bed alone. Oh I love and watching my Documentaries. I, yeah, no one's bothering me taking a bed space. Like I'm good.


But I also think a lot of it is too that I don't know, I've worked on my confidence so much and I'm, I've gotten that back or in a good place. But I don't know how confident I am in trusting myself when it comes to picking men just because of my past. And so I'm working on that and I don't want to, I don't want just distractions in my life. I'm not lonely or bored in that regard. If I need a night out, I have my girlfriends and I just don't, once you get to a certain place, you don't even really, I don't need miss a thing. I don't need anything. But I need to work on feeling confident in who I'm picking.


Okay. I'm gonna describe a man to you. Oh god. And you are gonna tell me if you would give him a shot. Ugh. Are you ready? Yes. Okay. He is super present and involved in your life but refuses to be on the show or let you post pictures of him. Does he have social media? That's a great question. I hope not. I love that. I was gonna say, is it suspicious? Suspicious if a guy doesn't have social media? Doesn't No. I love that. Doesn't I? That's like a big turn on. I agree. Yeah, like that's hot. So you're so you'd be down if he didn't have social media? Yes. Because if he has a social media and he is not posting you Right, then that makes me like a little suss. Oh that's weird. 'cause what are you are, you have a family that you're hiding from. But actually, yeah.


Okay. All of your sisters are obsessed with him. But Chris hates him. Oh that would be so hard. I don't think so. Yeah, you actually like live together basically. You're like, yeah, basically. And she, I probably care like, 'cause she hangs out with me more than Right. My sisters half the time. Who do you think is the hardest sister to impress when it comes to bringing a guy around Kendall? Really? Kendall and court. But Kendall is like no nonsense. Love that for You. I love that for her too. Chris once said you got ghosted because you didn't give your date a blow job. What other chaotic relationship advice has she given you? Fucking love her Today.


She was like, don't bring up the blowjob story. I was like, I'm so sorry. I'm like, but it was true. She's like, well it doesn't make me look good. And I was like, well it was like the early nineties. It was a different time. Chris, we fucking love that you said this your, you're like, the fact that she even said that I'm obsessed. Like come on. Like It was the early nineties. It's fine. So Good. I don't know. I mean she's just a very forward thinking type of mother and she's, the thing that I love about my mom is you can literally tell her anything and she's fine with it. She just wants to be in the know and she will find like she's also a problem solver.


So if there's anything that's not going right, she'll find the solution. So I don't know off the top of my head, but she will, She'll figure it Out. Help a girl out. Okay, he's the best sex you've ever had. But you find out he once hooked up with one of your sisters. You wanna know. It's crazy what the older we get, the pull gets smaller. Like I'm like, I don't know, I think if I was 20 I would probably be like, that's a deal breaker. You're like, I don't care. But now I'm like, do we need to talk about it? We're good. Right. I think that's Fair. I don't know if that like, is that, that's not bad ancestral?


No, I think it depends. I think it depends like how, how about this, if they have a baby together, Oh that's where we draw the line. Okay. We're not, yeah, we're not sharing baby daddies. But I don't know, if you slept with someone 20 years ago, what the fuck am I supposed to do? It's hard out here. I kind of agree. Like yeah. Especially if they were like, oh he was so good and a great guy. How awkward. But I personally wouldn't care. Like if this was me and let's say Kim or COR or whoever single was like, oh I met this guy. I'm like, oh my god, I fucked him when I was 20. But it's fine. Like I, I wouldn't care. Which of your sisters has the complete opposite type from you?


Courtney? I think. Yeah. Okay. He loves to work out with you. Love that. But he's in the NBAI can't anymore. No. I draw the line like maybe hooking up. Ooh. Because I can hook up with people and like not think about it. I'm not one of, oh really? I can't, I haven't done it in a while. But you don't have, I miss those days. I mean when I was younger I was able to, I don't, it's a different world when you have kids. I don't know. But also I think it's more like it's transactional. Like this is business because I have kids. Yeah. Like get in here. Do it. Get in and get out. You're not staying 'cause you're not meeting my kids. So that's where my mindset I think is. But I cannot, and yes, I'm gonna stereotype, I will not be with another NBA player, but yes.


If I need to fuck or whatever, maybe, maybe. I don't know. I'm not there. Maybe but I'm not gonna say no. But I don't know what I just said. No, no, No. So I just like, is this color daddy is this odd? So no more NBA but would you do a different type of professional athlete? No, Ideally not. Okay. But again, I would hook up. But you know, never say never. But it's just, I, I know I feel like I am a Year later. I know a year later I'm like, I'm Married Khlo. I'm getting married To whoever you're like for the NLI promise. I mean, and I hate to stereotype 'cause I, but I haven't had great experiences is all I'm gonna say. Girl, That is so fucking fair.


Yeah. Okay, let's talk about your podcast. Podcast Khlo in Wonderland. First of all, congratulations because Thank you. I am love podcasting. It's hard work but it's rewarding. Why did you wanna start this? Well I am, it's Khlo in Wonderland. So it's all about like go down the rabbit hole with me. I have so many bizarre curiosities and I sincerely am just fascinated by the strangest things. I just watched a documentary on atomic bombs and I am like, hell yes. I'm so dorky in that way that people probably wouldn't think. But yeah, I just wanna talk about, I really have bizarre, weird fascinations and I want to indulge in them.


Are you gonna have your sisters on the pod? So the funny thing is, Kylie was like, I'm so offended you haven't asked me to be on the podcast. And I'm like, well what are you gonna give me? Like I don't really, like what would you give me that I don't already know, but like what's, I already know what's gonna be very contrived. Like I don't need this. But most people would die to have, you know, my sisters on. I'm more like, whatever. Like we'll think about it. But like my mom. Yes. Yes. Love Chris Jenner. 'cause we also are like Laverne and Shirley, Lucy and Ethel. Don't know if these people know who that is, but you know, we're just like fun.


You always have A vibe. Vibe that you can like talk about complete random shit. Yes. Where people are gonna want the tea. Yes. Like if you're having Kylie on, everyone's gonna be like, why didn't you ask about the Oscars? Yes. Why didn't, you're gonna be like, okay. And I have like a list of things what I should have asked about and yeah, I just, it's too much pressure for me. Who is your current dream guest? So I love Dolly Parton. I really, really do. Ooh, I know I love her, but her poor husband just passed away of 60 years and my heart breaks for her. I'm not kidding. Heartbreak. Not the right time to ask for A thought. Not the right time, But at one point, maybe One day I love her but I do, I'm so excited. I just had this UFO ologist on and I love shit like that.


So like I Am obsessed that you're going a direction that no one would've thought. You're like, I love conspiracies. Last question. If you could go back and talk to yourself during season one of keeping up with the Kardashians, what would you say? You've done an excellent job. Oh Yeah. I wouldn't change a thing like as sad or hard and you know, depressing or whatever as some situations may have been the great outweighs all the bad that's ever happened to me. And I am just proud of how I've handled everything and I'm most proud of how me and my family have stuck together and just enjoy the ride.


Khlo, I just had such a great time with you. I did too. Thank you so much for coming on. It's so nice to meet you in person obviously like I feel like I've just watched you for so many years. I've obviously watched the show. I'm a huge fan. But like to get to sit here with you, it was truly a pleasure. Aw, well Thank you for having me on. Thank you. I've honestly had the best time. I felt like it was chill. Yeah, chill and really fast. Love, Love Done. Thank you.


Thanks to Lieb by Eve St. Laurent for sponsoring today's episode. Make a statement with Lieb Lnu, the fragrance that sets you apart. Shop now at Sephora.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial.


Today At Strayer University, we help students like you go from will I to why not. For over 130 years we've been innovating higher education to make it more affordable, accessible, and attainable. So you can reach your goals. Go from thinking, can I to? Yes I can. And keep striving. Visit strayer.edu to learn more. Strayer University is certified to operate in Virginia by Chev. As many campuses including at 21 21 15 Street North in Arlington, Virginia


High five Casino is the top social Casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the lucky deal package for 9 99 and claim up to 550 Game coins. 33 sweeps coins, one sweep coin daily bonus for four days and 350 diamonds. Your high five moment awaits at high five. Five Casino dot com. No purchase necessary void. We prohibited by law. Must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.