
Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic, or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing details.


Exclusive SI and Ty r. Spring Fest and Ego Days are here at Lowe's. Right now get a free Select Ego, 56 volt battery with purchase of a select trimmer, blower or mower kit. Plus shop today for new and exclusive items you need for your lawn. So get ready for Spring with the latest in innovation from Ego, the number one rated brand in cordless Outdoor Power only. At Lowe's, we help you save. Offer valid through four two selection varies by location while supplies last.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement, bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up, Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Kim Petras. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Yay. Hi. Thanks for having Me. I am so happy you came in your sparkle clogs. Hell yeah. You showed up. Punch, bust them out. How Did you pick your outfit today? Just kind of, I went off the clogs. They really dictated everything else. I don't know. Just kind of felt like witchy. I've been in my witchy vibe. You need to confirm for everyone though. Are they comfortable? Yeah, they're comfortable. Like I would say like, like pool slide vibes, Pool slide. Just a Little Heavier. But you're not going to like run in those?


No. Even though I probably could. And should I just have to say, I'm so happy for you. You are. Thank you. Everywhere right now in the best way. Your music, your personality, like everything you're doing is just fucking incredible. I'm so Excited for you. So, so much. You won a Grammy high, like no big fucking deal. How did it feel to win a Grammy and how did you celebrate It? It felt insane. It felt like something that just shouldn't happen to me, honestly. You know, I'm, I'm such a, like, you know, I've just been performing in like gay clubs for so long and been like in that scene and like Sam really changed my life with that song.


And I mean, I, I went to Diplo's party after, so that was really, really fun. Diplo's fun. He's fun. I, I'm a big fan and, and yeah, just like saw my friends and we were all just like in disbelief, just like, oh my God, this really just happened. And I'm so grateful I got to like shout out Sophie on, on stage and that I remembered that too because like I could have just blacked out and like, I thank my mom and so it was just like such a like big moment that I didn't think would happen. Ever since then it's just been like a lot less sleep. Mm. Like it's definitely like post Grammy, like it's just like kept going and kept getting more and more and more.


But I like it, so it's cool. Dude, that is so crazy to think about going on stage and accepting a Grammy and just being like, I hope I can get my words out. I know. Like, I hope I say one thing that like, did you have a full speech planned or No? I did, but I like five minutes before like our category was on, I just like put it away and I was like, just speak from like this moment and from your heart and yeah, because Sam really put me in spot. Sam was like, I'm gonna have you accept the Grammy if we win it just because I've done it and like blah, blah, blah. I'm like, please, no, don't do that to me. Like, I was like, please. But I'm so grateful now that I like did it and like I'm such a shy and nervous person in my life, which you wouldn't think for my music because when music is kind of where I live out by craziest ideas and fantasies.


But I'm a pretty shy person and so yeah, that, that was wild. And I remember like looking at like JLo's face and like Jay-Z sitting there and not just being like, Hey, I can't believe this. That's so interesting. I feel like now having sat down with people in the music industry, like we were talking about Anita. Yes. How the best. Anita is the best. Shout out. We love you Anita. Shout out. But Anita also kind of talked to me about that of like, she's actually really shy and then like she has this alter ego that she infuses into her music and it's just the way that she's able to like put her, I guess side like personality that she wants to be into Anita, the character. Yeah. Which is kind of cool. Do you feel like that's similar with you?


1000000%? I feel like that's always just been like my saving grace in life from like my shyness. It's just when I'm on stage it's like something clicks and I'm a completely different person and I just feel in line with everything. I don't overthink myself. I feel like confident because like the one thing that I know how, how to do is perform and write songs. Like that's always been like everything else I'm like horrible at and just like can't fit. Like I can't even cook, like I can't do shit. You know? I love How you're like, I can't cook, but I just wanna fucking Grammy bitch. That's that's right. It's okay Kim. It's okay. We would all take that over. Being able to come


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by R. The Best life is a life in motion Daddy Gang. I feel my best when I have a full to-do list and a calendar and my life organized and I feel like it gives me purpose and I feel invigorated each day knowing what I'm gonna do. And Rone crafts clothes for balancing ambition with breathable, flexible, and resilient fabrics, you can stay confident, comfortable, and focused no matter where your journey takes you. The Revive Collection was designed to feel effortless while performing relentlessly. Every piece supports your pursuit of balance to stay focused on what matters most, but balance requires intention. Dream Glow is purposefully designed to support moments of recalibration and self-reflection. Each piece empowers you to embrace stillness without sacrificing a thing. Whether you're taking time to recharge or preparing for what's to come. You guys know me. I need to feel comfortable and cozy. And when you look at Ronan's collection, the softness of the Revive Collection, in my opinion, is something that needs to be a standard when you're putting on clothes. The Dream Glow Collection also allows you to feel super comfortable and to also relax and enjoy your time. RH is performance apparel fit for progress. Use code. Call Her Daddy to save 20% at r.com/ Call Her Daddy. That's RHON e.com/ Call Her Daddy with code, Call Her Daddy at checkout.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you, Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes, guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well, guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay, so kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


You also were recently on the cover of Sports Illustrated. Yes. Swimsuit. Growing up, did you ever picture yourself being on the cover of a magazine? No. I was in my school. Like, I remember being like such a like freak to everyone because like since I was a kid it was like very public that I was trans and like I was very open about it and so I was just kind of this like nerdy weird kid and like no one thought I was like pretty or sexy or anything like that. And so I, I doubted being able to do that stuff and especially being like in a swimsuit was like, I was, I definitely had like a nervous breakdown like the day before I'm like, can I like pose in a swimsuit and be that because I just, yeah, I didn't think I could.


But then there's like amazing people and photographers and like the whole Sports Illustrated team who just like hyped me up and were just like, you know, making me feel so good about myself that it like all just like happened. Like they really make me feel like I belong on the cover and it makes me wanna cry because like I, I'm so such a person who just like doesn't think of themselves as like yeah, you know, all that. When you say that when you were younger that you were like, people never saw me as like sexy and cute. When do you think you started to actually for yourself, did you always feel sexy and cute? You were like, fuck you guys, like I'm sexy and cute. Or did it come at a certain point? I mean, it's still waiting. No, I mean I honestly, I think what gave me a lot of, a lot of confidence and what built my confidence was becoming an artist and becoming a writer and going on stages and stuff like that.


And once I kind of found my like, friends and, and gay people in general who like celebrated me for who I am and that whole, you know, I think once I started going to gay clubs I was like, I belong here and I, I get the music, I get the people, I get what it's all about. So I think that's when I started to like myself and all of that. But I think in general, like it's, it's never like my goal to be like sexy or to be hot. It's always like, I wanna bring like a little bit of a like weirdness to things because I've always felt like I was kind of just like on the outside of things and I find I, I don't know, I find more happiness and looking a little off and a little weirder than just looking hot.


I totally get what you're saying. Sometimes I actually think it's way better to feel like you're a little outside because then you're also just going based off of your own parameters of like half the time we're just trying to be like other people that's so fucking boring. Like I don't wanna be like anyone else, but I also think I appreciate you saying like, I'm still working on it. No one even you can look at Kim online and be like, she's got it all together. She's winning Grammys, she's hanging out with celebrities. It's like, but we're all still working on ourselves in some capacity till the day it's over. Oh. So it's Like for sure you have to, you have to Wait. And you're from Germany, right? I'm from Germany, yeah. Can you tell me in German how to say welcome to Call Her Daddy Nta?


Oh, German is the uns sexiest language of all time. I feel like that's why I am also like I've, I've just always been like a little more the weird German immigrant, you know, in, in America because like, it's just not a sexy language. I have a song on my Spooky Halena album where I sing German and it comes in handy when you wanna sound scary. Oh, okay. 'cause most people are really scared when I like when I yell at you in German, you're scared. Wait, can you yell at me in German? Like, Alex, fuck off, get your shit together. Ask me better questions. Alex, fix dish. Get me best little flag. Hello. Oh my god, Alex, gimme Right.


It's scary. That is scary. But Kim, I do kind of feel like you made it kind of sexy. Like if like I think you have a little, you got, you got something? Dun. Oh, Okay. I'll learn how to say all that by the end of this. Okay. So you talk about how you started your career in gay clubs all around the country. Yeah. Clearly that was such a huge part of your coming up and in this industry. How did people in the clubs initially treat you? And like how did they like you and your personality and your vibe and your music? I think they just really immediately kind of got it. I mean, I remember like my first few years like going back and forth from New York and just kind of being a club kid and having my first few songs out and just like performing on a bar stool or like a table, you know, like, and people were just like, I get this and I understand this.


And just like, since I'm a part of the community, it's like, it it makes sense. Yeah. But they were the first like all the little Bushwick kids, like were the first ones to play my music. And I'll never forget that because it was like with a lot of like going into like labels and stuff like that, it was a lot of, we don't know what your demographic would be and like, is it, you know, you you make gay club music and it was kind of a, in a bad way and not in a good way like to them because like that wasn't gonna make as much money. And that's always really confusing to me because to me that's like the coolest thing right? When people play you in gay clubs. Right. That's literally all you could ask for. Yes. Like you want, you want all the gays being like, fuck yes, this is the boss.


Totally. Like what the, oh wow. That, did that ever kind of affect you in your musical decisions? Like, did you ever find yourself being like, should I go a little bit more one way? I think If anything it made me double down on it. Like it, it just, like whenever someone says that something is like something that I'm passionate about and something that I love, I go harder in that direct. It is not it. I go harder in that direction. And I feel like, so that honestly gave me like so much like will to like prove that there's people who will come to my shows and that I can have a big song and all of all of that stuff. Yeah. And we can sell bitch, we wanna a Grammy. Yeah, We can. Totally. We wanna Grammy We have number one.


When You're saying you're in these clubs, do you remember any like, early fun stories for us of like memories from performing in these clubs that have stuck with you of like just iconic moments for yourself and your career? Signing Dick's is one of them. That must be, Yeah, that's pretty out there. That's Pretty good. Totally Like doing my fans poppers on stage, hitting weed pen from my assigning weed pens. Yeah. I signed all kinds of body parts. I hung out with the hottest porn stars. Yeah. Like it, it was, it was, it's wild.


And I, and I love it and I still, like, every now and then I just like need it. I just need to go to, you know, like a warehouse rave and go crazy and do all that. But but yeah, those were like iconic moments. I think also, man Lapore being at my first gig, Manila por this like New York icon and yeah. Just so many iconic people that I, that I've met through clubs That is so fucking cool to just be like, that's also how your career started of like, basically you're just having fun partying and your singing and everyone loves your music and you're just like, yeah, thriving. But I wonder, do you ever Yeah, I was gonna say, do you miss that?


'cause then you're like standing on stage and it's a little bit more formal. Yeah. And there's some more choreographed going. I I do miss it a little bit. I, I miss mostly going to, to clubs undetected. I can go to straight clubs now undetected, but I can't go to gay clubs anymore without taking a million photos and I, I party, you know, I, I feel like I really love to, you know, just party and not think about how I look and, you know, that, that might be not the, you know, I'm like sweaty and red and all the pictures and so, so that's put a little bit of like, pressure on it. But like, I feel like I, I figured out my like disguises and stuff like that and yeah.


Honestly, like I need like a fake beard and like, oh yeah, that'd Be good. I feel, feel like that'd be really good. A little short haircut, crew neck, little Wig. Totally. Maybe be like red or maybe that's too much attention. Maybe a black sunglasses huge mustache. Totally A detransition moment. Yeah. Just for us to come back, you're like, I don't like this. Do you, I am actually interested too, growing up in Germany, like what is the difference between nightclubs in Germany versus nightclubs in America? Ooh. I think it goes way later in Germany. I think people are down to be there until the morning, which is fun. Especially if you like, think about like Berlin and like Berghe and all that stuff.


It's definitely, and there's more techno, there's weirder music in general. It's just like a lot of electro music. I would say. House music is huge. Do you prefer American clubs or German clubs? Ooh, they both have their, you know, pros and cons. Yeah. I I think in general like now like American clubs because like I need to actually be up the next day and do stuff. Right. I always, when I was younger was like, I was liking going out late, but now as I get older I'm like, why can't we start at five o'clock? I know. Start raging and go to bed by midnight and like we can do the same shit. We can drink the same, like we can do all the same shit. I endorse this, wait, I endorse this idea.


Like, I love, like starting early now and just like waking up the next day not completely fucked. Like completely. Yeah. Because in your next like 48 hours, you're just not a human being functioning in the world. Yeah. And I can't afford to do that with this career, this Life. Yeah. You know? Totally. You can't Okay. And, and me neither. Like, we have to like do shit now. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So American clubs, just because it's a little bit more responsible in terms of our timing. Yes. If we're trying to have a good time, let's go to Germany. Definitely. I think people in general just like go a little more crazy there. Got it. What is your favorite song of yours to hear played in a club? Ooh, my favorite song of mine to play in a club.


Treat me like a slut. Yeah. I, I have this record called Slut Pop, which is all just like my sluttiest self and just only saying The most ridiculous sex shit there is. Which was so freeing and fun to make. And honestly like, I feel like all my coolest fans, like that's their favorite. So yeah, treat me like a slut. I love that answer so much. And we're gonna talk about slut pop in a little bit. Oh, amazing. Because it's truly iconic and it's Call Her Daddy. Something very cool about your career is the fact that you are self-made. You have been doing this since you were super young. You were teaching yourself how to write and how to produce in your bedroom. Where do you think that drive came from?


Honestly, from being excluded from social life, I feel like no one really got me, you know, in my like small town in Germany because I'm not, I'm not technically from Cologne even, which is already kind of a small city. I was like two hours outside, like countryside cows, grass. And I just, I loved music. That was kind of the one thing that I would, I would always do, like always listen to music on repeat and pop music in particular. And I would just harmonize and make my own little concepts and things like that. So I think it's just something that comes like natural to me. But then I would just like sit down in my room and just really every single day because I didn't like school.


I wasn't very good in school. I wasn't horrible in school, but I was like okay in school and I was just like, I'm gonna be the next biggest hit songwriter and that's a skill I can work on every single day. And yeah. And then I got into writing jingles for like, commercials and write, trying to write for other artists, pitching songs. And yeah, I really felt like feel like that is just like my, my savior is that I'm able to write music. Oh yeah. It's so inspiring to hear you talk obviously about like, there's a lot of people that can probably relate to you of like being really isolated when you're younger, not feeling like you're fitting in and just like trying to find an escape, which you clearly found the best escape for yourself and it worked out.


What would you say to your younger self that, like Kim sitting in her room alone, just being like kind of isolated and getting picked on Live a little? I, I would say that I was like really like a, a maniac, just like only working. And I feel like my whole teen years, like I didn't go to like parties. I, I was like just like, just fully focused and so I, I would tell myself to live a little and that things are gonna happen when they're supposed to happen and that, that that, that it's all gonna, you know, work out and that it's okay to go with your friends and it's okay to try and have a social life because like the answer isn't always just like, well, they all hate me, so I just gotta be by myself and like, be this like studio goblin, you know?


I can actually also just, yeah. But, but also it was a little bit of a different time. I mean that was like so long ago now I, I legitimately didn't know anyone else trans Yeah. And you know, so I was an internet kid, I would just find people online who I could talk to and things like that. Yeah. That's why like the internet is, I hate it and love it because you're so, like, I remember when I was younger, like YouTube, I would find like anything that you were going through, if you were alone, you could find someone somewhere on the internet, on you YouTube Who loves the same shit. Yeah. Yeah. And so it, there's like a saving grace obviously of you saying like, I didn't know anyone trans, I was by myself going through it. And I know you've been open, like your family was very supportive of you.


Yeah. But still, even when like your parents are like, we got you. It's like, okay mom, dad, like love you. But like, I like, yeah. I need people my own fucking age to relate to and to connect to. Totally. So I appreciate you sharing that. I know you've also been a really open in your gender journey from a very young age that like you said, at one point you felt very boxed in and labeled and that everything became about being trans and you just wanted to be seen as a person. Yeah. Which I can imagine it's like in every single interview you're like, I'm an artist, but so many people want to also talk to you about being trans. Yeah. Where are you now in your career and your journey of having your own identity and accepting yourself, but also like putting boundaries of like, we don't need to talk about every fucking thing every single time.


Yeah. I feel like it's a unique situation, so I like to talk about it now because I feel like it's, it's something where yeah, it's just like a unique point of view and I think it comes in as my strength sometimes that I get to write from that perspective because like, that's always just gonna be a big part of me that, that I am trans and I think that gives me, in songwriting, like such an interesting angle. And I think what, what's so special about music is that that is like, when I came to America and started going to studios, it really didn't matter who I was, it just mattered. Like, am I good? Is my songwriting good? Can I sing?


You know. And I feel like the more art that I get to put out, the more music I get to make, the more I become an artist rather than, you know, all the labels that people put on me. And it's not just a trance thing. I mean, it's like if you're a woman and you make music, people just talk about you being a woman in music or you being a gay man in music or all of that stuff. You know, we all just get boxed into this label that defines us. And I think trans people in general are a good reminder that gender and all of that stuff is just a label and it really is all about who you are in, you know, inside and, and not about all the stuff. You know, just because you're, this doesn't mean you have to like this or do this.


Totally. And gender is, is a much, is is a thing that matters a lot less, I think, and says a lot less about people than we think. Totally. And yeah, you are whatever, whatever you wanna be and whatever's in your, in your mind and Yeah, Abso no, I love it. No, it's so true because it's like when you break it down, it's like, just let everyone do whatever the fuck they wanna do. Yeah. And it stopped trying to just talk about people in one specific way. No one would be happy if the roles were reversed. And you're just saying one thing about someone, we're all very multifaceted. Totally. And every person is their own thing, you know? Totally. Completely. And I, I feel like just, just more than ever I'm, I'm just trying to, you know, show people what's, what's in my mind.


What, what, you know, what my music is about, what I stand for rather than, you know, all the, just talking about being trans all the time. Completely. Totally. I think your accomplishment, I mean, we could go through them all, but they speak for themselves. Like you've, you've really popped off in an unbelievable way. You've had such an incredible career already. What a full circle moment that one of your biggest idols, Madonna introduced your performance at the Grammys. What is it about Madonna that inspires you? Well, I think Madonna is someone who, who broke a lot of these like gender stereotypes and who can be very, you know, masculine in some of her music and talk about sex very freely and in a very different way and just like, was so ahead of her time and like liberating people from feeling this shame about their sexuality and especially gay people.


I mean, she did that shit in the nineties when it was really, really rough for gay people. And I will forever just like feel inspired and liberated by her taking the hit for so many people because she really, you know, was called like a witch and like all this crazy stuff for just talking about her sexuality and just being so all out there. And I, I respect that in someone. Yeah. If they can be so if they can let that bounce off of them and like, well I am still gonna talk about whatever I wanna talk about. I'll never forget, like right before the performance, right before, 'cause there was a little break because it cuts to me. Yeah. She had like a little whip and she was like, like mouth to me, like, go get it bitch.


And like whipped her little whip and I was Like, I was like literally just, and I was tied up in this cage so I like couldn't say anything back. It was like arms Up, like, like Picturing you trying to like give her the nod and you're like, I, I wish I could, Like what do I do? Like do a kick. Like Thanks. Totally. The whole cake falls over. You're like, dude That is picturing you like fully tied up just being like, Like Do I wink? Do I I know. Oh my god. Yeah. No, I so agree with everything you're saying about Madonna.


It's, it's so crazy to look back at certain eras where we were so young and watching, like every generation has it where there's certain people that just become, essentially the people that are breaking down barriers in and in that generation, I know so many people were like, Madonna's crazy. Like she should be taken off air. Like she shouldn't be able to do this. And yet what people didn't understand is she was having such a needed conversation Yeah. And allowed the next generation of performers to lean even further into it because she did what she did. Yeah. And it's so cool that you now can be on fucking stage trying to give her a wink or whatever. Not totally. It's, it's so freaking cool. And like, what, what she said too, because like, I think she was saying that she was supposed to like do like the record of the year or something like that.


And she said she wanted to introduce the first trans performer at the Grammy's. And like, I was like, ugh, you really are the, the coolest to ever exist. You know, the coolest. Yeah. Didn't you meet her for the first time drunk at an SNL after party? Yes. She came to the SNL after party. And How drunk were You? I was so obliterated. I just kept, kept talking her like ear off about confessions on the dance floor. And I was like, that's one of the best, like I almost ever, it's the time this classic and like people don't really like, appreciated it off. And like when you did this on Ray of light, it was like The most, it changed my life. I was listening to it. I felt like so much less alone and like, I was just talking, she was like, and then she was like, we should take a picture. And I was like, thank you so much for saying that because I would've just talked her fucking ears off for hours.


And She's like, sweetie, let's just pose so you can catch a breath. I know, I know. I'm, I'm, she must think I'm Insane. No, no. I bet she gets it all the time. And also it's just, it's, it's so genuine. That's also just so iconic though for you to be like hammered at a party, being like Madonna, like, I love you. We love you Madonna. I love you so much. Okay Kim, we're gonna play a game. Let's play this game. We're Gonna play. Would you rather, okay. Some of these are really fucking random, so don't judge me. I, I, okay. I love it. Okay. Would you rather accidentally post a nude on your Instagram or butt dial your parents during sex? Posting it on my Instagram, I feel like I have no, like, decency left anyways.


It's like you can find d nudes of me anywhere. So it's like, I Was gonna say, yeah, I feel like I've Like have my tits out in every shoot. Like, it's like, yeah, at this point I'd rather do a nude because like, I feel like calling my parents during sex would be disturbing for them And for you after when you relive For me, definitely because also how bad to find out that you butt dialed them, but you figure out it after she replaying like, what was I saying during sex? Like how nasty was that sex? Like what was I doing? Like what were the noises? Like just, and my dad couldn see the same, my mom can see Yeah. The whole thing. Yeah. Yeah. Terrifying. So rather post a nude Love that. I agree. Would you rather go a month without sex or a month without music?


A month without sex? I'm definitely there. Yeah. I'm so single and like, honestly, like I've just been so busy, like there's no hope right now, but it's like, okay, like I'm very happy. The thing is like the, the music almost acts like a as that like excitement and like that crush that I'm obsessed with because I can just like listen to it again and again and again and like get really obsessed and like change the little details about it. And like all the little crushes I have on the side always end up in the music. So I like, I I make it and then I listen to them and think of them and how they're not with me. Well I kind of, that's actually great. I can't have them. Right. And you can like re-listen to your music all the time in like a not stalkery way that you're like not over texting the person, you're just relisting your music.


I'm not like rewatching their stories. Right. I just listened to the song. I wrote about them a million times. I think That's a great, great answer. I know you love horror movies. Yes. And I know you love Halloween, so would you rather never be able to watch a scary movie again or never be able to dress up for Halloween? Oh, Just like Mean, I mean Halloween is gay Christmas, you know, it's like, it's so, so in me, I think. But never watch a horror movie again. I know that would be a Okay. Halloween is just once a year I would like, you know, just like shut my doors, be a total witch in the hills.


Like see no one and pretend like Halloween doesn't exist and watch horror movies. Yeah. So I would pick that and Then you can just go dress up another time of the year. Yes. Okay. That's fair. I like that. Would you rather fuck someone who is absolutely silent or someone who screams the whole time? Someone who screams the whole time. Okay. At least I know that they're into it, you know, like, but silence would just throw me off. Right. Like at least you know they're there. There. Yeah, Totally. It would just make me feel like they don't want this to happen. And that would be, that would really Be, I've had like some hookups where the guy is so quiet and I'm like, I just need like a couple grunts. Like I know me too. Gimme Like a like fuck.


Like, oh fuck. Like something. I know. I hate that. I hate that. Like a lot of guys are like Too in the zone. Yeah. Like, I'm not gonna make any noises, man. Like, right. Come on, just do it. Just let it go. It's totally let it go. It's like honestly hot. I Agree. Yes. Would you rather never give head again or never receive head again? Never receive head again. Giving head is like the funnest thing of my life, honestly. Like, it's so fun. We're gonna get into The Throat Goat, but Yes, yes. Don't Worry we're getting there. But would you rather accidentally bite someone's dick giving a blowjob or throw up on it? Oh, it's, It's such a rough one.


I feel like accidentally bite. I mean, it's not defined how hard it has to be. You know, maybe it can just be a little tooth. Right. Like a little a toothy snaggle tooth. Yeah. Like just the tiny bit toothy is better than throwing up because I don't think I could work that out on therapy. Right, Right. Like it would have to be the kind of throw up where, 'cause I've had that before where you basically do throw up, but you suck, suck, suck it back up before it Leaks. Suck in that case. Extra lube anything. Free lube. Oh my God. Okay. I Want a chunky loop T-shirt, Chunky loop T-shirt.


They're like, what does that mean on the back throw up? That's My brand. I'm gonna make chunky. It's So good. So good. Would you rather have drunk sex or high sex? High sex? Me Too. So much better. So good. Would you rather be in the mile high club or fucking someone's car. Someone's car. Yeah. I feel like planes are like plane bathrooms are just gross. Yeah. Disgusting. I totally, but I respect it. Yeah. Like I, I have some like friends and like, especially like my gay friends that I like travel with, they're like, yeah, sat next to the hot guy and then we fucked. And like, I'm just like in my pod, like with like my, my eye mask on and like, You know. Yeah. It's, it's not sexy and like I, I think maybe the alert could be like, Ooh, you have to be quiet and hide it.


I don't really wanna have to do that. I'd rather be in the car just like using the seatbelt. Like, choke me out, let's go, let's have a good time. Like, let's talk weird. Yeah. Okay. Good. I feel like cars are just in general like such a good spot, like being in a car with a boy and Yeah. And it can move to what's happening. It gives a little like Yeah. It gets a little foggy. Yes. There's a lot of good things. Titanic. Exactly. Titan both of us. Grab for, Let's talk about your dating life. You said, you know, you're in a, you're in a little dry spell and we love that. So you're not dating anyone? No, I'm not dating anyone. Are you interested in dating at all? Yeah, I, I mean I'm, I'm interested in it, but honestly I feel like it's been something that's just like, I'm good without too.


And I feel like I've always been a relationship girl. Like I love a relationship. I'm not like a quick hookup girl, even though like, sometimes, you know, I don't have a choice. Like sometimes I have like boys in different cities like that I can just call up in every city. That's a fun thing to Be on Because I know you Got your road Beef. I know my road beef. Yeah, no, that's good. But just right now, I, I just feel like I don't know who would like fit into my crazy life right now. Yeah. Because I'm just like always doing shit and always traveling and I'm never in the same space for long enough to even like really, you know, do something meaningful. So I was gonna say yeah, like what is dating life like now as a pop star compared to like, maybe a couple years ago Yeah.


Where you still had like a little anonymity. Yeah, it's, it's really changed and I feel like people are just in general like a little scared of me now, which is kind of good. You know, it just like weeds them out. Like you have to just like say that you want me now. Right. Or I don't have time for you. You know, my clog just, just slipped The full clog. It felt like it was 500 pounds. We just hit the floor. Oh. You're like, I don't have time for you. Boom. Yeah. Oh, that's interesting. So like, does that make you sad a little bit that you think, like, do you have, do you think people are seeing a persona of yours? Yeah. And then you have to like, deconstruct it and be like, I'm not really always like that. Yeah. I think in general, like slap pop really changed how guys see me because like, I feel like a lot of the guys that I'm dating have hurt, slap, pop and like, no that, and they're like, you know, and it's like, yeah, I'm the girl who sings throat goat, you know?


And just like, and they just feel like they have to like, live up to this crazy expectation. And I get that that's like not, you know, it's like such a persona for, for that record that it's like, that's, that's not me. You know? I'm also someone who just like wants to watch horror movies with you and like cuddle and be cute and totally all of that. And I like, the last thing I want is for you to be scared of me. Right. So if you're scared of me, I'm immediately cutting you off because that makes me feel horrible about myself, you know? Yeah. I get that Because like, I'm just like a you chill, genuine person and I really feel like I am, but I have crushes on the wrong guys like all the time. Really? What do you have a type? I I don't really, I feel like every single guy is like a, is very different.


I, I think the type that I have is just like the energy being good and, and dumb being funny, being honest, being like loyal. I think that's like the big ones for me. And just like, I like sweet guys. I like when you sweet. You Know, but you just said you're picking some of the wrong guys, so what's Going on? So the not sweet guys? Yeah. I don't know. Just guys who like, keep me like dangling or think they have to constantly like, do stuff to, you know, keep me obsessed with them. Then I'm on the road and like, then you don't talk to me and then I'm back. It's just like, yeah. It's exhausting. It's exhausting. But Do you let your friends set you up with people or no?


I Do. Yeah. I went on a date with a guy who my friend set me up with recently. Oh. Didn't really go anywhere, but it was, it was fun because like sharing similar friends, you can at least talk about the friends. True. You know, you can just like talk About them. She's so Cool. Yeah. She's the best. Like You have a commonality to talk about. Yeah. So you're not like, how's your dream? Yeah. You could be like, Rebecca's a bitch. Right? Totally. Totally. Yeah. I let my, I let my friend set me up for sure. When Was your last relationship? My last relationship was like one and a half years ago. Okay. And that was like a five year relationship. Wow. So like a long one. So I feel like I'm still like, anyway at the part where like I need to like be myself.


Yes. Get over that relationship and all the stuff that that did to me. 'cause it wasn't like a very nice relationship and make me feel awful about myself for a few years. And that's the worst I should have, like cut it off when I felt it. But yeah, I, you know, it was, it was the first time I broke up with someone and the Thank you. Thank you. Yes. Queen. And the first time that I, I just really feel like I, I did the right thing and listened to my intuition and got out of it. And I know a lot of people who don't get out of relationships that don't fulfill them and they're almost like a new person when they get out of it. Like, it's like, oh my God, you're back. And you know, like you're, you're like yourself again and you're happy again.


And so that's my main thing. I I never want to, you know, I mean, and no one wants to. Yeah. That just, I, I really don't wanna be in any relationship that doesn't make me feel good. Yes. And feel great, you know, because I'm such a pleasing person then like, I feel like I always used to just like, I just want you to be happy and I don't care if I'm happy. Yeah. And that's, that's a bad thing. And I, that goes back to me as a, as a kid, as a teen. Like, I just hope one day like a guy can see me as a girl or show me any attention, you know, and like see me as a normal person, not as a freak. You know, I think it goes back to that me just wanting to, you know, well he likes me so I'm gonna do anything for him.


Right. And like, completely forget that I have value as a person. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's so relatable, Kim. And like, I also love how you were like, oh my God, I should have gotten out earlier, but I'm so happy I did get out. Yes. I think so many times we're so hard on ourselves. 'cause when you're so deep in something, it's really hard to actually make the jump to envision life, even if it's toxic without that person. 'cause you've been living in it for so long. Yeah. You have your routines that still is the person that you're with all the time. And like, you just become so attached to something that you almost forget like what life was like before them. And a lot of times it was so much better. Totally. It's hard, but it's hard to get out. It's, It's really hard. But it's like you're, you're gonna live and it's gonna be okay and you're gonna figure it out again and you're gonna get back into it.


Yeah. And honestly, life like on your own sometimes can be so much more like purposeful and fulfilling. I feel like really, I personally like thrive when I have like time by myself where I just literally do whatever. It's like recharging. And I think in general, like, I wish I would've done that in my relationship more. Yeah. And, and yeah. I mean, I feel like relationships are the hardest thing to, to figure out. They really are. And they're so hard. They're really, really hard. So they're really hard. But right now I'm having fun. Woo. And and that's awesome. And I feel like I'm just like finally like back at the, at the place where I like love being alone.


Yeah. And spending time by myself and where I just shut my door and good. Just do whatever. Amazing. What is your perfect ideal first date? I don't think there is one. I really think that first dates are always gonna be a little awkward. And like, I just like, you know, I, I feel like my, my first thing I do is probably try to drink because I'm so nervous. I get really, really nervous. And it's such an awkward thing when like, you know, that you like technically are attracted to each other, but like, you have to like figure it out. Yes. Do a little dance. But I feel like in general, just doing something like active, like going to like an arcade or going fun stuff.


Yes. Doing something so you're not just sitting across the table being like, yeah, he Hello. Totally. Yeah. How are you doing? Where you can actually do something. Yes. But I also like, I like when you show me like one of your favorite places that you actually like actually love going instead of like, I wanna try out this new place. Like, just show me like Yeah. Where do you actually go? Are we, what are we doing, Kim? Are we fucking on the first date? Are we waiting? Like, do you have any rules in your head or do you just do whatever the fuck comes to you? I Live in the moment. I've definitely done the first date, you know. Fuck. But I think it's usually when I do that, like I'm then like, not interested anymore. It's like really? Yeah. I feel like it's just like I need to like give it time and like, I need to be like obsessed with you and like, you're like, I need to let it simmer for a bit more.


I realize now because like once I broke up I would just like go home with like every single one of them every time. And it was really fun. I had a great time, you know? Right. But I feel like when you, when you really give it time, it just makes it more special and cooler. I Love how you're, I love Kim's out here breaking everyone's hearts, like gives them the best sex after date one. And then you literally just ghosting everyone. You're like, nah, you're like, I was happy. That was great, but I'm over it onto the next. Yeah. Well I'm just like in the next city. Right, right. You're gone. You're gone. Yeah. Oh my God. That's actually, that's, I've never heard someone say that. You get, you're over it once you have sex the first time and you're just like, that's boring. Okay. I love that. I mean, maybe it was just the guys right.


Maybe it was just a situation. I, I don't like to like make a rule in general. Totally. Totally. But I think just like the guys like I went home with, I was just like, I just needed like rebound attention. Totally. And so I just like totally. Yeah. And then I was like, eh. So I get it. Growing up, who was your celebrity crash? Lego Austin. Lord of the Rings. Like Kim, that wig? No, Kim, let me tell you something. Three three of the people that I like, I'm like, what's wrong with me? Number one, Johnny Depp specifically as Captain Jack Sparrow. Yes. Hot. Okay. Number two, legless Orlando Bloom specifically as the elf in Lord of the Rings hot.


The, the hair and the ears. And then Edward Cullen as vampire. But I'm like, wait, what are we like weirdos that were like specifically as an elf? Yeah, no, specifically as an elf. Yeah. In the wig as that character. He Was So hot. I know. It was so hot. Like, I, I, because I totally, yeah. I don't know. That was just like, I, I remember like ha like having a poster of him and like just being so obsessed with him. You and I'll forever be obsessed with him. I'm gonna Be honest. Me too. But you must think like, But just legalist, only Lego, not the person. No. Yeah, his Name is Orlando Bloom. And I bet Orlando Bloom never thought like of all the roles that I've ever played, everyone in the world's like the hottest version of you.


The Hot Elf Baby. Hot elf. Like a list. No, I'm not kidding. If you guys have actually I feel like if you don't have the context, like if you just Google him it, you may all be like, you guys are freaks. Watch the movie because the context is important. He's just so like, I don't even remember. He's just great. His vibe is great. His Vibe is, he's hot So good. But he looks amazing. Yeah. And he looks amazing. He looks stunning. I, I have to be honest, I really never thought that I would sit across from someone in my entire career and have someone say the same thing that I think of Legless Elf, Orlando Bloom. I'm like, what the fuck? And that's why we're on Hinge. Here we go. Here we go. That's why We're here. And that's why we here.


This is an advertisement from Better Help. I cannot express how much of a Game Changer Therapy has been for me over the past few years. I would not be anywhere near where I am today without it. Going on a therapy journey gave me the tools I needed to set healthy boundaries, practice clear communication, and end the unhealthy habits that were holding me back. Setting aside time to focus on yourself is so crucial for Personal Growth and Daddy Gang. You do not have to do it alone. In a society that glorifies being extremely independent, it's so easy for us to forget that we are so much better when we have a support system. Therapy can be that amazing source of support you're looking for in any area of your life. Whether you are working on finding balance or you're goal setting or you're trying to break toxic patterns, it all just gets so much easier when you ask for help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. This month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing is worth it, so don't miss it. For a limited time visit better help.com/daddy to get 90% off your first week. That's better. Help HEL p.com/daddy


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jack in the box, Jack's new crispy boneless Wings pack. So Munch Crunch you guys. I love a good wing. These wings are super crunchy, unlike other boneless wings that get soggy and they're kind of just like mushy. We all know how that is. Jack's wings retain the crunch so that you have the best of both worlds s Sauciness and Crunch. And let's talk about the sauces because you will love them so much. You gotta try the new Smoke show Smoky Barbecue sauce and the Honey garlic sriracha both. I love a good honey garlic sriracha flavor. It is something that gets my gears going and when I have a little smoky barbecue sauce lathered on my wings, I cannot be stopped. Okay. I love a good wing, but if it does not have a crunch, I start to be like, what is this texture and why is it happening? So Daddy Gang, you can always get so much more at Jack In the Box, like free food when you sign up for the Jack app.


Let's go to Slut Pop. Okay. Yes, you've been mentioning it but now we gotta talk about it. You coined the term slut pop to describe your music. Can you define Slut Pop for those who may becoming fans today? Yes. Slut Pop is this really Euro House dance nineties inspired ep and me and my friends would always make pop songs that were slightly slutty and say, oh, it was slut pop. And so I just decided to go with it and make an EP and just be The most slutty version of myself that I could wish I could be in life, you know? But I feel like I'm too shy to be that all the time.


So yeah, I just kind of let let it all out on that one. And a lot of people were really had interesting reactions to it and I think it's the funnest thing in the world to scream out The most obscene shit and just be like, I'm a fucking slot. Fuck me. You know? It's just, it's so freeing every time I do it, it's addicting and, and yeah, I recommend to check it out. It's just What are some of your craziest lines that if people haven't heard it, it's like give it, give them a little something. Okay. These bitches can't suck. Like me walk in, I'm the sucking queen. Look around all eyes on me, jacket it off.


I'm a suck it clean. These, it's so good. I'm the, what's my name? What's my name? I'm The Throat Goat. Yeah, yeah It is. Yeah, it is poetic. It's beautiful. It's touching to me It's pure beauty, you know, if, if, if you art, you know, you might not get it, you might get it, but If you get it, yeah, you really get It. She be like a slut little dirty bitch. I love to fuck. It's so, it's so good. Kim, other than your own catalog, what's a song or an artist that you would also classify as like slut pop. Ooh, Britney Spears blackout era that Yes, it's just the best.


Oh, so like dirty and full sweat Pop Pot. Yeah. Love Full. That was definitely a huge inspiration for that. I also think that Kylie Minogue has a, has a bunch of songs that I would, I would put on Sweat Pop. Dude, I'm thinking about how you kind of said like people after Slut Pop, like people were kind of intimidated by you because it's like you're coming in here being like, I am The Throat Goat, like I like and all this shit. When did you actually start to just become really confident about talking about sex? I think in, in general, when, when I made that, I think I was just like in a phase of my life where I felt like I was like a little, you know, just not talking about that part of my life enough.


And I have so many friends, and especially as a trans girl, it's like that are sex workers. I, you know, porn is great. Porn, like sex work is work. And it was a moment where OnlyFans was gonna ban sex workers from its platform, which would've taken away like the livelihood of a lot of my friends. And so I was like, I don't think that there's anything wrong with that. And I think that like, everybody needs to stop like villainizing sex workers because there's all, there's a huge demand for it. We need it. And there's nothing to be ashamed of. And I, I also always think, you know, if my life hadn't gone the way it did and I hadn't like, been able to transition really early and stuff like that, I would've probably, you know, done that to be able to transition and to be able to be myself.


So I wanted to take the shame out of it for my friends, for myself. And I think just in general, people need to be less afraid of it. And I think especially women and girls, there's so much power in like, loving sex and like, you should love it. You should figure out what, how you know, what you like about it and not be, you know, please men. Like, that's not the goal I like in sex. It's like you having a good time. And so I'm a, I'm just a huge supporter of that. And that's been something that's been hard for me to figure out, you know, because like I have always just been like crazy for guys and like, how can I please him in any way? And once I kind of broke outta that, I was like, it's about me too.


And yeah. So I love also that I had actually, someone recently asked me, this reporter was like, I, back in the day of Call Her Daddy came up with this thing called the Gluck 9,000. Oh. And it was just like, you know, my go-to blowjob move. And I remember this reporter being like, you know, it's so good. It's so good. It's so good. And I remember the reporter being like, you know, if you're a feminist, like then like, are you ashamed that you coined that term and that you were teaching young girls how to give blow jobs? And I was like, absolutely not. Because of course there are certain things in the past that I was like, probably way too appeasing of a man. Yeah. But specifically with that, it's like I just go to say like, I love pleasing my partner.


Hell yeah. Like that doesn't mean you can't be a feminist if you're like, no, I also love giving my fiance head and like making him feel good. That's part of sex. And that gets me off by also making sure my partner is having a good fucking time. So it's like we need to talk about The Throat Goat, because as much as we're like, girls enjoy sex, it's also like you can also be down and pleasing. Your partner is also a part of enjoying sex 1000000%. It's not just a one-off situation where you're just like, by yourself. Do well, you can do it by yourself. You can, but when you're with a partner, can you talk about The Throat Goat? Can you talk about, give us some tips, give us a couple little, you know, Kim, just give us like one little thing, maybe like a little, like what Are we doing? I do, I I pull out the bottle like Anita Dough.


You're Like, so yeah, Here you go. That was iconic. What did she do? She went, she Was like, you do this. And then she said, wear the Invisalign I the bottom. Yes. We're Invisalign. I want to try that. I Know. I'm like calling my, my dentist and I'm like, I just need the bottom Invisalign. They're like, bitch, your teeth are fine. I'm like, no, just the bottom. It's the funnest thing. Like, I love giving blow jobs. It's my favorite thing in the world. It's, I'm very, I I pride myself in it, and I think that's awesome. It's all on you, like your center stage. Yeah. It's your time to shine. It's literally your time to shine. And like, it's like, Watch me go Eye contact. Like that's a very important one. And I don't know, it's just like Little sloppy. I love when boys really like that, you know?


And really? Yeah, Because like, I have to go. No, I love it. And I think it's, again, I just like that we're talking about it because it doesn't, there's nothing wrong with enjoying and pleasing your partner. No. And I think sometimes to all, you know, the people out there, it's like, if you are intimidated by it, you have to just reframe the way that you're thinking about it. It's supposed to be fun. You're supposed to, it's playful. It's enjoyable. Yeah. And if you, if you don't enjoy it, that's fine too. You know? Totally. Find the things that you really love. For me, I love giving, giving head, you know, and I call myself The Throat Goat and have been called that.


Oh, oh, Oh. Like, and that wasn't coined just by myself. Thank you. Goodbye. Thank you. Would you say you're more dominant or submissive in the bedroom? I, I, I'm pretty suby. Yeah. I'm pretty suby. Love, love it. But like, I gotta really like trust someone. Like if you really like, like me to dom, I, I will do it. And I like when someone can give me a really specific, like, this is what I like direction. Yeah. Like, do this. Like, I love that. And maybe that's why I am subby because I just like, I li like in those situations to be told what to do and just to like do that.


Love it. But yeah. But also I can, I can be done. I feel like I, I swing both ways. Love It. Love it. When you say treat me like a slut, what do you actually want your partner to do? Kim? Fuck me. I don't know. Bend me over. I'm not opposed to a little choking. All, all that good stuff. Just, just put me into position and go. I love how you just pushed your glasses so I could, you're like, goodbye. I'm just, I am not making eye contact with you right now. Bend me over. Put me position, let's go.


That's good. Yeah. Love it. Okay, good. Okay, good. This is great. Yeah, but I think in general, just like, make me feel like you really want me bad and neat. Me, you know, like that's the hottest thing you can do. Okay. On a, just quickly on a little bit more serious note. Ooh. Are you're like, oh girl, don't go there Out of nowhere. Yeah. Just out of nowhere. I got fucking In a car. It's awesome. But seriously? Yeah. Maybe I should have like, this is like a little too aggressive of a transition I just realized, but No, I love It. Okay.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn For the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. Tinder is back and it's easier than ever to put yourself out there. Whether you're looking for a date, maybe just a vibe or someone to send unhinged memes to. Real connections happen here every day. A new relationship starts on Tinder every three seconds. Tinder gives you the freedom to meet people your way. If you've been waiting for a sign, this is it, Daddy Gang. Explore all the possibilities for yourself. Tinder, it starts with the swipe download Tinder today.


Obviously everything that's going on with trends rights right now in America, I just felt like it wouldn't be right if I didn't ask you. Obviously it's disgusting what's happening and we're clearly regressing. How are you handling the hateful backlash for, you know, with the trans community? Well, I feel like I need to hold it up for all the, for all the young kids that are trans and getting, you know, their rights taken away and all of that stuff that there, you know, I, I try to find the best causes to, to help. I try to stay in touch with all my trans friends and all of that, but just in general, I think it's brutal how people treat trans people.


It's just like everybody deserves to live their lives. How they can, you know, and the, the, the way that they know how to get through life. And I feel like the, the judgment around it is still so intense and scary and there's so much like actual like murder and things like that in the trans community that are really, really terrifying. And it's such a beautiful, beautiful community. And that's the one thing that I just like want people to know. Like the dolls have each other's backs. Like we love each other and I feel like there's so many trans friends of mine that like, I couldn't live life without. And there are such like, beautiful lights. And just remember that and find the people who get you and who support you and focus on that because I still get called a man every single day, you know, like, and that's okay.


It's funny to me at this point, I'm like, huh, I'm a man, you know, because like I'm, yeah, because like, I feel like I've been called like that since I was 12 and all of that. So to me it's like brush it off at this point. Yeah. But I know how like, horrible that that situation can be. And there's just a very public like, hate campaign on trans people right now that's disappointing and sad. But there's also a lot of people who really care and who really are pushing and just know that like, it's an up, up and down swing with trans rights. Like it has been with gay rights, like it has been with anyone who's different than the norm.


And it's, it's gonna probably get better and swing back around. At least it's what I hope. But in general, no. That like, there's amazing people out there who have all got your back and who think you're really beautiful and you deserve everything. You deserve love, you deserve to be seen to who you really truly are and don't settle for anything less. I've done it and it sucks and yeah. I love y'all. Oh my God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let everyone live however they wanna fucking live. I know. It's, it's so annoying. It's Just so crazy. Like the progress we've made in some areas that we're still having these conversations and it's so infuriating Yeah.


To look At, I mean, especially in America, it goes with like, you know, birth control Yep. And things like that. It's the same exact kind of thing where there's just people trying to tell people what they can and can't do with their bodies. Right. And it's wrong and no one ever should, and it really like, like makes it so much harder for people to just like live their lives and make their own decisions. Yeah. And it's just so annoying that our bodies are still being policed by people and It's, it's truly insane. But I do think it's, we are so fortunate that we can sit here and you can use your music. Absolutely. And I can use this show as a platform to just like keep talking about it.


Totally. I hope it anyone that it makes uncomfortable look inward as to why and like start doing the work. Yeah. And I think everyone that is supporting like keeps supporting and be vocal and post on social media and because I think it's so important that we just keep showing we aren't going anywhere. Yeah. And, and everyone should just be able to do whatever the fuck they want. And we need to get on board with that. I know it's really not that hard. It really only is hard to people who need to control other people in life to get to be comfortable in life. Like you need to be able to control your woman to live with your ego and shit. And so, you know, 'cause you're too scared she's gonna go in, you know, like Yeah.


It's all to maintain their power. Yes. And it's like, have your power over there. Let us have our power over here. Fuck off. Totally. But, but like, oh, we, I mean we could sit here for fucking hours. Fuck. Tell them that they can't bus anymore. Yeah. We're snipping you all. Okay. Really? They're like, oh, no, no, no. Okay. Do whatever you want. Do whatever you want. You take away their not, they're like, oh no. Literally To do whatever you want. Don't Nevermind. Jk. Jk. Oh my God. Okay. You have a new album coming out. Yes. And I'm so excited for you. Thank you. The album is called Feed the Beast. Yes. How did you come up with that? For me, it, it was, it started with kind of feed the beat.


'cause I feel like I constantly need to listen to music and, and just do my thing over beats. Then it turned into Feed the Beast because I had an album leak and my label told me, you gotta get back in the studio, make new songs and go Feed the Beast. And that was literally like, okay, let me think about this. And then I kind of thought about myself and like my personal ambitions and I've always wanted to really play the pop game. I've always wanted to make big pop songs and big melodies and be like a real player in the music industry and you know, do big shows and all of that. And I was like, there was a part of me that was a little ashamed of that for a while and I was like, but I'm like a gay club darling.


And like, maybe that's just like all I want and all I all I wanna be. And I was like, no, like that. My passion is to go for it. So go feed the Beast. Go feed that. What, what I feel like almost ashamed of to want. Yeah. Go want that and, and own it and don't be afraid of it and you know, so I feel like for me the album is a reminder hopely to my fans to really find what it is that you can't live without and go all out on it. And don't be afraid to take up space and don't be, you know, scared to make it as, as massive as you wanna make it and as ridiculous as you wanna make it. And yeah. Oh, go feed that.


Kim, How is this album different than past work that you've done? I think I just, I think I just had a, like a shift creatively where I just like kind of was a bitch to my co-writes and took more control and was like, I just really came in with like full songs flashed out again, kind of, kind of like I did in the very beginning before people like wanted to work with me. I just came in with fully fleshed concepts and then just was like, we are writing this and I feel like I really took control. I worked with some people I've never worked with before. I like tr I like did a bunch in Sweden, I did a bunch in London. So it really feels like that like major label really executed on a, on the best level of my abilities and, and I'm really grateful to my label for allowing me to do that and for allowing me to take the time to really make something that feels whole and complete and that feels this exciting because I think you're gonna frequent when you hear it.


I am so excited. Where is the perfect place to listen to this album? Like, are we doing it at the club? Are we working out, are we having sex? Are we on the beach? Like what, what's the vibe In a car getting fucked? Literally. Literally. Yeah. All of those places. I think that's the funnest thing about this. I think it has a lot of, a lot of club moments, but it also, it does have a ballot which is like kind of an unconventional ballot, which I'm excited for people to hear. Yeah. 'cause like never really do that. Like I'm very Yeah. Against ballots usually. Right? Like I, I love like Celine Dion, but I didn't think I could do that stuff Right. Here she comes. So here I come.


But yeah, I think you can really, I, I think you can listen to it from front to back by yourself getting ready in the bathroom. You can listen to it in the, in the club, you can, all of that stuff. So I think it's an overall, overall listening thing. Yeah. I'm so excited for you and for Thank you. This summer. Are you going on tour? What Are we, yeah, not later this year, like a little after summer and now it's gonna be up. But yeah, I'm going on tour and I'm so, so excited to go on tour because like it's been a freaking while and it's my favorite thing in the world and like I missed it like nothing else in the world. And so I'll just be traveling. I'm doing a bunch of really cool festivals like all over the world and putting this tour together.


I'm like in rehearsals a lot, which is like my happy place. I love being with my dancers and just figuring out the show and the lighting and every detail. Lots of outfit changes. It's gonna be good. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. I wanna see the outfits. Yes. I am so happy I got to sit down with you today. I've been wanting to do this for so long and you are like, I listen to you all the time so it's been an honor to be here. Thank You. No, like you truly have such an energy about you that you're so calm and a vibe and like thanks. But you're like everything. It's just so fun to be able to like sit with you and actually get to know your personality because you are so, so sweet and funny and amazing and I just, I can't wait to see what you do with your career. This is amazing. Thank you so Much. Thank you for calling.


You're the best. Thank you Daddy Gang.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit i uud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.