
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Intuit QuickBooks. Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? Yes. Amazing. It is time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. We love going to the next level. Daddy Gang. Okay. We love to be the best. Okay. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses. So manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money, money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. License as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by eBay. This is what you do when you have high standards and fancy all the fancy things like a Dior saddlebag or that diamond tennis bracelet. You go to eBay Daddy Yang. Okay. There you are. Gonna find new loves that will never disappoint expertly authenticated. Whether it is that vintage pearl necklace or a brand new ruby earrings, maybe a PR cross body bag or classic watches like a Rolex oyster or that Cartier tank on eBay. There are no limits to your high standards. Yeah. eBay. The place for new pre loved, vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy, Daddy, Kylie Kelsey, welcome. Call Her Daddy. Thank you so much. How are You doing? We're hot, Sweaty and pregnant. I tell everybody, everyone will like say, oh, you're glowing. And I'm like, no, I'm sweating because I'm either nauseous or it's too hot in here. You look amazing though. Thank you so much. You have, this is like, I'm not trying to guess you up, but you have The most gorgeous skin. That is Very kind. No, because when I met, okay, so we've met before. Yes. We met on the sidelines at the Eagles game. Was that two weeks ago? Two weeks ago. That was such a Fucking good Game. Well, I guess it was three weeks ago now. Three weeks Pro Bowl. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Three weeks ago.


Smack there. That was such an insane game. The snow, all of it. But I remember we met for the first time and that was my first impression of you was like, why is her skin so perfect? So you Are shout out far too kind. Shout out far Too kind. I'm so happy we're doing this. I think people are gonna freak the fuck out that we're getting to sit down together. I hope so. I think so. They're like, this is Actually, otherwise, I'm so sorry to Call Her Daddy audience The daddy gang's. Like, what the fuck? No. People are gonna be excited. First of all, just to give context, we are sitting in these like horrid amazing recliner chairs. Thank God my husband didn't come. Why? He would've been like, can how fast can you ship these back to Our house? No, I, this Is, this is my husband's style chair. I, they're actually so fucking ugly because, But they But they swallow you Up.


Yeah. Oh, they're cozy and I do think that's all he cares about. By the end we could recline. Oh, perfect. Yeah. Yeah. We can like get cozy. Oh, great. We're gonna start professional and then we're gonna kick Ankle swelling. Yeah, I got this. Okay, we're gonna, we're gonna get our feet Elevated. But I got this set up for us and I was like, it's ugly, but it is indicative of where we are. We're in New Orleans Super Bowls tomorrow. I feel like you've probably been to a lot of Super Bowls, right? Yes. What is The most like fa like favorite memory you have of a Super Bowl? Anything? Oh gosh. I mean, I would love to say Minnesota, but I don't have that many memories because I blacked Out. Classic. Can you give some context to people that aren't familiar with what you're talking About? Yeah. So the Eagles won the Super Bowl, super Bowl 52 in Minnesota and it was incredible.


It was, I mean, my husband was the center at the time. It was unreal to watch. And also, I'm from Philadelphia, so I knew what it meant to the city, but the stress, like even thinking about it was making me sweat again. The stress of watching him play, knowing what it meant to the city and also that we hadn't had one. I grew up in Pennsylvania and so like being, you get it, I get it. And we've been through a lot and, and Philly fans been through too much. We are. It's aggressive. Like That's a very nice way to say it, really. How would, yeah. Yeah. How would you describe Philly fans? I mean, we're appalling and I say we because like I fully embrace the fact that it's all of Us.


You partake. I mean, there are some times where I think fans like specifically Philly fans get a bad rap. Yeah. Because of viral moments. I do not claim them. Although there was a little kid who like tapped someone on the shoulder or something at a game and then just like flipped him the bird. And I was like, I do claim that. You're like, actually, yes, I love that kid. I can condo my energy. I actually love that child. Obviously your husband's retired now, but when he was playing, what was the energy like in your household on game day? Horrific. Okay, walk me through It. I mean, I, I would like start like manifesting superstitions as if that was gonna help.


Like always put my left shoe on before my right. Make sure that like certain things, if I needed to switch spots while the game was happening, that I did that. There was one game where I was folding laundry for our girls. It was a late night game and I bent down next to the laundry basket and suddenly there was like a really good run. And I was like, well, now I'm crouching next to a laundry basket. And for the rest of the game, which was like 30 to 40 minutes, I crouched next to the laundry basket. Your daughters were like, there's more Evidence somewhere. I sent it to my other friend who is another wife of a player and was like, am I squatting next to a laundry basket? Yes. Am I going to stop? No. No.


Are we gonna win? Yes. Did they win? Yes. Period. I'm not saying it's because I was crouching next to the laundry basket. It was, but I'm not willing to risk it. Absolutely Not. You see what I'm saying? I logically, I love the energy. You're like, if this is working, we're gonna fucking keep with it. Yeah. Wait, are you now still doing that though for the Eagles? Like even now that he's not playing, are you still giving That? To some degree. Okay. You've heard back a little? Yes. Okay. Okay. And honestly, I think it's mostly just because during games, like my kid, like I'm not going to the stadium anymore for home games. And so then like I basically tell like I have to like help my kids with things and they pull me out. Is it weird that you're not going? Like is it sad?


No. No. No. Oh, okay. No, no. Because I get to say all of the expletives that I would like to say in the comfort of my living room. And No one gets to film you doing it. That's right. Who Do you think would get more nervous before game? You or him? Me. You Freaking out? I don't think that he really got nervous. Really? No. I mean, I guess it makes sense, right? He Did it for 13 years. Yeah. True. Like how do you feel about his flip flops? I'm so used to them. It doesn't even phase me. I do think it's funny that there's a population of women that are like, that's The most appalling thing I've ever seen and I'm out here. Like, Really? Really? That's what, that's what a turnoff is. I actually like that he kind of rolls in himself. They're So disturbed at the fact that they can see his toes. And I'm like, I've seen worse toes.


I'm okay with it. I live with those toes. Like I've seen them up. I Sleep next to those toes. Why would I be disturbed with it? They Rub up against me occasionally. Yeah. That's a good answer. Okay. Your podcast. Yes. First Of all, not gonna lie, congratulations. It is. Thank you. So Fucking refreshing and incredible to see a woman up on the charts doing her thing. How have you been feeling about it all? It's, It's interesting to talk to myself. Yeah. I absolutely love the audience that I'm hitting now. I'm so happy that it's settled into the demographic that it was intended for. Like it was intended for women. So sorry men.


I have had quite a few men tell me that they listen. No, that's nice. Which I think is lovely, but it's, it's not, it's it's not. It's meant for, it's meant for who it's meant for. And I wanted it to settle into that. Yeah. Like you want to hit the listeners who you're intending. Okay. I'm gonna ask you some questions and you're gonna have to tell the truth because obviously you're not gonna lie. I Love this. Okay, let me dab my upper lips. Yeah. Yeah. D the upper lip. You don't look like you're sweating. Just That's really great because I am pretty sure I have like ass like it's pulling at my ass. That's the worst when you're wearing jeans and somehow you see the sweat through the jeans. That's what's about to happen. You Have the asshole sweat.


I'm never gonna look. Don't Worry. I'll moon your camera before you leave And you wore a cable knit fucking sweater. To Be fair, I was so comfy when I started walking and the sun here is just, Well, it's humid out There. I'm not even mad about it. Okay. Because it's crazy. I'm pretty sure there's like a snow day back in Philadelphia. I Agree. Okay. What is the fastest way to piss you off?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Lulu Lemon. You know, don't we all love Lulu Lemon? I just feel like it has been the cornerstone in my life of whenever I'm like, what do I, what do I put? I'm putting on my leggings. I'm putting on that zip up to make me look gorgeous and I'm heading out the door. Okay. The glow uptight is a new training tight with body hugging move enhancing support that will make you feel like saying, let's do this to just about anything. Okay. They are snug above the hips and stretchy through the leg for a fit that feels secure and spring loaded. Plus new ultra lu fabric feels incredibly sleek and smooth against your skin. While the high waist span is structured to provide a held in sensation glow. UPT tights are perfect for hit class weight and resistance training, hitting the cardio machines at the gym or walking around your local park or going to work in your favorite tight. Okay. I don't know about you guys, but I personally love putting on a tight and I even match it sometimes with a little hoodie or a little zip up or a little t-shirt. Like you really can't go wrong with a cute little sneaker boom. You're in. I'm going to work, I'm going on date nights with these. Okay. Obviously I'm hitting the gym with the tights, but you never know. You can wear them kind of anywhere. So don't hold back. Visit your local Lululemon store or shop online at Lululemon dot com to get your glow UPT tights.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes. Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well, guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay. So kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile Thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


What is the fastest way to piss you off? Ooh, Lie when people lie. I'm, I'm like what? For what purpose? I, I'm not an overly sensitive person. I, it takes like, like a lot for me to be bothered by something. Yeah. I grew up in a house where like picking on each other was fun. Yeah. Oh, love. So like I can take it when people lie. I am like for what? What did that do for you? What Is The most humbling thing that your daughters have said to you recently? Oh my god. Your belly's big. No. Yes. What do you say when they say that? I'm like, because mom is growing a human being. That's why mom's belly is big.


Yeah. They'll, they'll humble you all the time. Like my, our youngest, it's not, not too long ago, maybe a couple weeks ago, looked right at me and was like, boobs. And I was like, yes. This was in the morning. I had just gotten outta the shower. I'm like getting dressed. She's sitting on the bed and she goes, boobs. And I said yes. And she goes, Bey. And I was like, okay guys, there is a human being one You in here is in here. I'm trying to give you a sibling. Yeah. Oh My god. And it's gonna be four. Yes, four. But like four girls is better than four boys. Six. When do I agree? I meet boy moms. I'm like, God bless you. God bless.


I don't, I don't even my mother-in-law, like my mother-in-law has told me horror stories of, there is a story about my husband when he was little going out in the front yard and Donna, my mother-in-law. Yeah. Heard someone go, he has a knife. He was in the front yard with the kitchen knives, throwing them up in the air to see if they would stick in the front lawn. Okay. But do you think that younger years, it's harder with fur boys, but then when you, when the girls get to like high school, Oh, I already told my husband he can move out as long as he visits me. That's what I told him. You have to visit me, but you can move out. Like I'm prepared to take the hit. Do you realize, because you know how you were like in high school. Yes.


And I know how I was like in high school. Yes. And no matter what barter you were at, whether you were crazy or normal, like girls in high school, that shit is Horrible. I always say the only thing worse than high school girls is middle school girls. Period. Yes. What is The craziest rumor you've ever heard about yourself? Oh, the boy one is The most, The most frequent. I don't know if it's crazy that I'm, that we're having a boy. Huh? That we tried for a boy. Interesting. Yeah. Why do you think people are saying that? Because They really want us to have a boy. I will say there is this, there was this moment when we found out we were having our fourth girl where I was like, we've always said we wanted four kids. I'm like, maybe, maybe I won't get to meet a little Jason.


Which was a little bit weird. Yeah. But at the same time, I'm like, if we had a boy At This point, I'm good. I've gone this long without getting peed on when I open a diaper, I'm trying to keep that streak alive. Maybe we're like good with one Jason, one Jason One's enough. I think that's what the universe has said. I agree. How do you feel about the word Wag? I don't like it. Why? I don't like it because I think it has a serious negative connotation attached. I think that it's this suggestion that your spouse's profession swallows you up as well. And I have made a serious effort to make sure that, and both Jason and I have made a serious effort to make sure that while he was playing that it was clear that that was his job.


Interesting. In the same way that someone would go to work and come home and not necessarily talk about their entire day. You're filing taxes, you're you're doing spreadsheets. Like you're not coming home and telling your spouse about like the spreadsheet you worked out. I agree. Like I think that now what I appreciate is even like I was telling you before this, like speaking to the wags yesterday, I appreciate how people are being more vocal about like what they do independently. Yes. And I think sometimes it can freak people out when it's like, wait, you're just, even if you are like holding down the household, it's like people don't understand that these women do have their own independent lives with their husband, obviously.


Yes. And I think people like to just be like, no, your, your husband is just like an NFL player, so you just like are in it for the money or the fame or whatever. Yes. And it's like, no, these are like real humans with real lives. Yes. And feelings. And it's Crazy. And the vast majority, it's, it's so funny to me. 'cause it's like, it is that stigma of like, you're with them because they make a lot of money or like you want designer bags or you want you live in a mansion. It's like, no, no. I like, there have been a number of people who've come to our house and they're like, oh no. I'm like, again, not easily offended. I'm like, yep, that's what you get. It's like, well now that you Said your husband would want these chairs, I'm, I'm getting in. They fit, They fit in there in.


Okay. I love you. I love you. Okay. What is a weird item that is always in your bag? That's a good question. For a while, because I was doing like event consulting, I had zip ties in my Oh, that's weird. That's fucking weird Because when I'll do it, the day I realized how weird it was when I went to get something like a Chapstick or something and someone was like, is that a zip tie? And I was like, oh my god. You think this is like kinky than it is? I I it's so that signs don't fall down. I Agree. I if I saw that, I'd be like, you'd be like Kylie.


You'd be like, what is wrong with that? Kylie, what are you and Jason up to with that headboard? Nothing. Nothing. I'm trying to keep signs on walls guys. It's still, yeah, that would be It. It's not that hot. I have since I have since moved on, they are no longer in my bag. It's Probably a good look. Yep. What is something you used to be embarrassed about but you don't give a fuck about anymore? Oh, my height. Oh, interesting. Yeah. Tell me about that. I was five 10 going into high school, taller than every guy in my grade. Which can really like, set you up for some weird feedback from the opposite sex. What did they say? Oh, I was a man. Like it was all of like the, they felt emasculated by the fact that I was taller than them.


Of course by the time I got to like senior year, I was like, you guys can go fuck yourselves. Truly. And then those little like fucking five eight squirts, you're like, shut the fuck up. Well the best part is is my dad is six nine. So like when I would Your dad Is six Nine? Yes. And my mom's only five two, so I've never been alarmed at either end of the height spectrum. Oh, that's interesting. So it, so I never realized how tall I was until people started picking on me about how tall I was. It's so infuriating when boys are picking on you in middle school or high school and you're like, it's so, This is a you problem. Yes. You're so insecure and you're looking at me. Absolutely. You're like, I'm fucking gorgeous. Get away From me. Oh, by senior year I was like, you guys can suck my ass.


Yeah. You're like, I'm gonna wear heels. Heels. I mean, you're down there anyway. Have at it. Oh fuck. That's mean. That was a good one. No, that was good. Okay, wait. Yeah. So you grew up in Philadelphia? Yes. What were you like as a kid? Well-behaved, I'm a rule follower. Really Big time rule follower. Oh. If someone's like, you can't go there, I'm like, I can't go there. And then like our team will be like, Kylie, you have to, you have to say like, you're supposed to be in there. I wouldn't Expect that. I'm such a rule follower. My husband is the opposite. We really compliment each other on that. He just busted the doors. He's like a Barrier. Fuck it. I like, I'm like, there's a sign that says we can't, we're Not allowed to do that. It's kinda like me and my husband Matt will always be like, you just, you have to act like, you know, like, oh, I can't do it.


If you walk straight through, no one's gonna ask you a question. Oh my god, I'm kind of the same. I'm like, I don't have a pass. I can't go there. But it's like, I feel like you can just go in, but I never can. Okay. That's why do you think we're like that? I don't know. I'm, I don't know if it's, I don't know. I get anxiety. I just like kids in high school used to be like, oh, I'm gonna skip this class. And I would be like, my mom will find out. Was your my five foot two mother will find out. Wait, were your parents strict growing up? Not really, no. I mean, like, I think at the time I would've said yes, but not really. I was like playing sports. So like I wasn't going to house parties regularly because I was, I was had a field hockey tournament to get up for for the next day. Yeah. And what Was your social life like in high school?


Trash. Wait, why? Yeah, I mean, a lit, I really like my field hockey team. My club field hockey team were where I like spent The most time on the weekends. Yeah. I was not like a partier. I still am not a partier. I really don't drink. I'm a little hungover, So Are you? Yeah. See, I love the idea of getting up the next morning and being like, I can eat breakfast happily and let go about my day. I love that feeling too. And I wish I felt God, My, my husband, I feel like he had that experience this morning and was like, this is delightful. But for the last like four days we've been like, are you Alive? Does he get hung over? I think he would try. He would like to say no, But he does.


He's lying. Okay. Did you ever date in high school? No. No. No. You, no. When did you have your first kiss? What? Oh. Oh God. Ooh. Tell me. Five Days before my junior year of high school. So Specific Because I was so alarmed by the fact that I was going to be a junior in high school and had never even like, touched lips with another human being. Wait, how Did it happen? I, I just kissed a guy. You just walked up to him. He literally was like, oh, I'll come over and hang out. And I was like, you can't come over and hang out. Like my dad's here. Okay. So you had your first kiss in high school? Yep. Junior year. Yeah. Who was your first boyfriend? When I was, when I graduated high school. What did your parents think about him? He was fine.


He was okay. I mean, we, I think we dated for like three months. Okay. But you weren't dating like bad boys, good guys, no good guys. I am not into like the douche that bothers me. That's good. Like anything, anyone that's like, like trying to be cool. I'm like, no, you're Disgusting. Get away. I mean, my husband was in competition jazz band in high school. Like there is a, even though he's a jock, there's a degree of nerd. Wait, he Was, yes, he was a saxophone, but a Barry sax player. And what, like, and that speaks to me like that. That's like, That's what gets Me going. The fact that my hu like, I make jokes about my husband not being like a Rico suave, like not being very smooth, like yeah.


Being terrible. Like he will get hit on by women and I'm like, hello? She's hitting and he's like, no, she wasn't. And I'm like, I'm like, you're so cute. Wait, That is adorable. That's What, like that, that's What got you going. Yeah. Okay. You ended up going to Cabrina University? Yes. What was your reputation on campus? Because that's a small campus, right? Itty bitty. Yeah, tiny. The Athletes all stuck together. Yeah. So I feel like it was very close knit. I had the same thing, like all of the the best. Just like your family? Yes. Which is I think like a, I always said whenever people ask me for advice about going to college, I was like, even if you're not an athlete, like if you can get into a group, yes. You are going to thrive. Be like, join a fucking the jazz club or whatever the fuck it is. Yes. Because then you have like 20 people already that are your friends.


And I had that immediately when I got in there. Yep. And then you don't feel like you're like a floundering fish Right alone. Okay. Did you get into dating? I was dating someone in the beginning of college. Okay. Fun For like a couple years. Did you go to parties? I would go to parties and be like the designated driver. Like I would make sure I was like a mother hen. Like I would make sure everyone got home. Oh, I love that. I still have like college teammates when I see them they'll be like, mom, like they don't call me by my first name. So you've always kind of had that like motherly energy about you. I love that. And when I went to college, I was the 21-year-old freshman transfer. Like I went to community college first. Got it. Yep. So I was automatically like, I was a freshman that could get into bars. Oh. I legally love that for you because of course I was a rule follower and never had a fake id.


You never had a Fake I when I tell you like a rule follower, I mean a rule Follower. Okay. So what is like The most trouble you've ever gotten in your life? You're like, I've been arrested. Actually no, no, I did jail time. No, no. You're Like, I you don't have anyone to prison. I'm like, what? That's so weird. You wanna see my prison title? Do you not? Have you never gotten in that much trouble? No. The the worst. It's, I, the worst that's ever happened is like, I got pulled over from going like 40 and a 25. Oh my god. Kylie and I apologize Profusely. Profusely. I can't even look at you right now. I feel like a horrible person. Okay, we're gonna play a game. One of your favorite phrases is, I have no business doing that.


Yes. So I'm gonna give you a scenario and you tell me if you do it or you have no business doing that. Okay. Perfect. Dye your hair. Platinum blonde. No Business. Have you ever dyed your hair? I mean, I get highlights, but nothing abso I you could No, no. You look, you have really gorgeous hair. That's very kind. Getting a matching tattoo with Jason. No, I think that's a jinx. You do. I have no business doing that. I do. Do you have a, do you have a matching tattoo with your Hair? Absolutely not. Okay, good. You're, you're like, I think that is such trash behavior and I'm literally like, it don't get trash. It just makes me look right here. We got this on our web. No, There are, I've seen so many ones where I'm like, that is the sweetest little like hint of No, No. Do you have a tattoo? No, I don't have any either.


I, I just, it's more of a commitment thing. Like I don't, I had still have not seen something where I'm like, I want that on my body. I feel the same exact way. I'm like, I do it same, but I'm like, there's nothing that I can even picture for a second that I'd like, this needs to be on me till I'm 90. Yes. I changed my mind. I don't know what I want. That's it, right? Yes. Me in college making a decision of a tattoo, you'd Have an infinity symbol. I Would hate myself With a heart and I Would want you to bully me and be like, why do you, That's just it. I don't, The infinity symbol, I shout out to the girls that got it on a whim That are living, that are with infinity And beyond. That's it.


Wait, does your husband have tattoos? He does not. Does Travis Have tattoos? I don't think so. He Oh, Jason and Travis talked very briefly about getting like their kel, like the Kelsey Crest. Oh, interesting. Do you think it's gonna happen? No, I don't think they should, but who am I to say They should? I don't think they should either. I Like, I'm not a tattoo person, but I think respect People that are, I think, I think that I love like women with like little dainty tattoos. Yeah. I think they're so sweet. I think that for a guy, you either need to be fully committed, like you need to be Tatted Or none at all. Yeah. Like lean in or just stop moving on. Film a reality show about your family.


No business. You would never, ever, never. Here's The thing. You don't wanna, you don't wanna be in our, the reason it hasn't happened, we are not that interest. No. I tell people all the time, you, you catch me on a random Tuesday, we're gonna be in the kitchen coloring. I'm gonna be yelled at about snacks and filling water bottles. Someone's gonna be screaming from upstairs. I'm done pooping. And I'm like, okay. That's actually true. Can is it, is it weird for you that so many people are like so fascinated with your lives? I feel, I seriously, I have like a legitimate amount of guilt associated with the fact that people are like, you're amazing. And I'm like, I'm not. You're like, girl, I'm so sorry to dis when people meet me and they're like, I'm so excited to meet you.


I'm like, I'm so sorry to let you down. I'm like, Kylie. It's just like, I get what you mean though. I think that is something that's so crazy when you meet, when you see people on the internet or in tabloids or whatever the fuck, and you're like, you have this idea and then you meet them. It's like guys, we're all just like normal human. Yes. We're all shitting. We're all Yes. Dealing with life. Like yes. We're all sweating. We have ass sweat. We all put Our, we all put our sweaty pants on the same way. Thank You's. Fine. Would you ever attend the Met Gala? No. Good God. No. I wear fucking Chuck Taylors when I'm supposed to dress up. Okay. I what? No. Oh My God. Anna went towards quaking. Okay. So she's like, but I sent you an invitation. She would never, Would you ever throw a Philly's first pitch?


No. I have no business doing that. Why? I have no business doing that. No, you do. I'll be on the side. I I'll take a ride on the Philly fanatic four wheeler. You're not gonna throw the Ball, but I'm not throwing the ball. But you could throw It. Yeah. A thousand I full faith That I could throw it. Okay. Would you ever go on a silent wellness retreat? Maybe to, to ask me when I get back to my kids right now I'm like, no. Yeah. But if when I get back to my kids, there might be you Like Alex Four days and I'm gonna be like, Alex, how about that? Silent. Well wellness. Yeah. Did You have a connect for that? Where are we going? Dress in disguise to hide from paparazzi? No. No. I probably wouldn't. I'd just flip 'em off. Love.


Love. You're honest. Renew your vows. I Don't really feel the need to. It was only seven years ago. I know what I said. I I kind of feel the same way. Maybe when we hit like 20. Yeah. Yeah. 20. Do you think 20 or 30? Yeah, 30 feels like a milestone. I do think it would be cool with, I mean we just had like a great time at our wedding. It would be cool to like get everybody back together. Oh, That would be fun. Wait, where do you have your wedding At? The Logan Hotel in Philadelphia. Lovely. Yes, we did a little, a little home stay. Wait, what was the song at your first dance For Your first dance?


You are the best thing. Oh, by Ray Lamont. What was your Favorite part of your wedding? I loved our ceremony. We had, it was like very intimate. It felt really nice. Our dog, which was like my soul dog was our flower girl. She nailed it. She was so good. Is she still with You? She's not, she passed away in March. Oh man, I'm so sorry. It's Okay. She's, she's, it was the right decision. Are you ever gonna get another dog? We tried. Oh, Okay. We still have one. Oh, he's delightful. Oh, dumb ass. But he's delightful. I love his, he's not my soul dog. Oh, he's not. What is his name? Balu.


Balu. Balu. Like the bear from the jungle ball. We, our girls call him Bubba. You. But you're not like vibing with Balu. No, I love him now when, as soon as Winnie passed I was like, okay, you're, we will be cool now. Okay. But like while Winnie was so alive, I was like, you know, Winnie's it, Oh, I get what you're saying. I feel that way about my dog Henry right now. I'm like, I love you Bruce. But like Henry is like the og I, I wonder if that like affects how they feel about Themselves. My, my oldest daughter when we were talking about like me carrying a baby right now. Yeah. She was like, well you had a baby before me. And I was like, excuse me. No. And she goes, yeah, Winnie, because I've called Winnie my firstborn child so many times that my oldest daughter thinks that I carried the Irish wolf out in my womb.


It must be so wild to have children. When you say things like as an adult, it must take a minute to realize how much shit sticks with them. You're like, oh, you really believed that concept. I didn't realize that was like penetrating you in the way that I was just like saying it because it was like a normal statement. And now she's like, mommy, you had a wolf. Yeah you had a wolf found in your belly. You grew Winnie your firstborn child. Let's wait. Do you have a name? Obviously you're not gonna tell me but like, have you guys talked about it? If I had a, so if I had a name I would tell you. You, you have to, but Oh, okay. No, I would, I'm not. You don't know yet. So when we were having our first daughter, people told me like, don't tell people what you're gonna name a kid. Yeah. Because then you get reactions and I'm like, yeah, I don't think you understand. I really don't care at that point.


Like if I've chosen, we're Going with it. It's, that's it. Yeah. We had that situation with Wyatt. Our oldest is Wyatt. People are disturbed by the fact that we've named her Wyatt. Why? She's very much a Wyatt. Anyone that meets her is like, oh that's a Wyatt. People did not like that. You they are people. They are still so annoying. Like literally Shut up. You Know what? Her emails are gonna be answered so fast. Kiss my ass. Facts. Yeah. Okay, let's talk about your marriage.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you. Patron. 100% additive free tequila. Ah, you know what Daddy Gang, when I think about all the good things in life, there's a lot of good things. But most of tho if not, no not even. Most all of the good things in life don't need artificial additives and neither does Tequila baby. Okay. Every single bottle of Patron is 100% additive free, crafted with simple ingredients. We love to see it. Okay. 100% Weber Blue Agave water and thyme. Because when your tequila is this good, nothing else is needed. When you think of tequila, you think of patron Daddy Gang.


It is 100% additive free tequila. It has no secret sweeteners, extracts or coloring. Their secret ingredient is that they have no secret ingredients. And that is why I love Patron, patron Silver, patron Reposado, patron Anejo and Patron Cristino are distilled and age to perfection with zero extra ingredients. So Daddy Gang, when you are going to make yourself a little cocktail, whatever you're doing, maybe it's date night, maybe you're going out with the girls, whatever it is, patron 100% additive free tequila. Learn more@www.patrontequila.com. That's www.patrontequila.com.


The perfect way to enjoy Patron is responsibly copyright 2025 imported by the Patron Spirits company. Coral Gables, Florida tequila. 40% A BV


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jack In the box, Jack's new crispy boneless wings pack. So Munch Crunch you guys. I love a good wing. These wings are super crunchy, unlike other boneless wings that get soggy and they're kind of just like mushy. We all know how that is. Jack's wings retain the crunch so that you have the best of both worlds. S sauciness and Crunch. And let's talk about the sauces because you will love them So mu you gotta try the new smoke show Smoky barbecue sauce and the honey garlic sriracha. Both. I love a good honey garlic sriracha flavor. It is something that gets my gears going. And when I have a little smoky barbecue sauce lathered on my wings, I cannot be stopped. Okay. I love a good wing, but if it does not have a crunch, I start to be like, what is this texture and why is it happening? So Daddy Gang, you can always get so much more at Jack In the Box, like free food when you sign up for the Jack app.


Okay. Let's talk about your marriage. Yes. You met Jason on Tinder. I Did. Before You matched with him, were you like looking for a relationship? No. No. We were just messing around. We did it like all my friends in college, we would like sit around and like swipe, swipe together. I, I would do that too. And half of the time if I matched with someone I'd be like, wait, you're better for him. Like let's go. And like you end up going with him. We would, We would get the same people and be like, oh did you swipe right on him? Yeah, I swiped right. I matched with him. Swipe right and see if you matched. And then we would start having conversations that were like parallel conversations Stop half the time Also I was doing it just for a social life. I'm like, let's see. Do they have parties? Like let's go like, like me, anyone You can in college. Yeah. And you're just trying to get like the hookups. I feel like you guys are like literally Tinder's biggest success story.


Have they ever reached out to you? Right before we got married they did send a care package. It was like a lot of like flame merch. It was great. The perfect match were signs that said that. No, that is. Yeah. What was it about his profile that like stuck out to you? He looked like a bigger guy. Okay. He was actually, there were pictures of him next to people and I was like, oh, he's kind of like dwarfing them a little bit love. Which everyone wants to feel like small girl. Everyone wants that.


Everyone wants that small. You're like, call me up. I can just get in there. He Also, his bio, which you can still find somewhere on the internet. Oh That's so good. That I, I love the Internet. It, it's somewhere was some sarcastic ass like I'm here to make an emotional connection. I want to have long talks about like having babies in something else. I'm like, you're such a dumb ass. I love it. I can't wait to roast the shit out of you. Do You guys have that type of relationship? We will go back and forth. Very much so. The it's, I, I love it 'cause it's like the house I grew up in. So I, I get That there's comfort. Obviously I know you've said this before, but if my Daddy Gang doesn't know, can you talk about the fir who sent the first message and what these messages were?


It's so bad. No, it's so good. I sent the first message. Okay. I said I need life alert. I've fallen for you and I can't get up. Kylie, that one didn't land very well. He was like, that's not that great. And I was like, I love a challenge. So then I went back with, this is so bad. This is so bad. If I told you I work for UPS, would you let me handle your package? And he said yes. He said, absolutely. That's a better one. That's where do you wanna go on A date? I feel I feel much better about this now. No, no. Yeah, We, and then were you guys like talking and then you went on a date?


So then we just had like, we were messaging for probably like a week and it was great banter. Okay. And a little bit into the banter. I was like obviously talking to the friends who we would like swipe with. Yeah. And they were like, I was like, I don't know why but this guy looks kind of familiar. Oh. So then we start Googling with all the information. We had Jason 27 Philadelphia. Oh my God. Then I was like, he had to have been an athlete. 'cause you could just tell by his build. So then I'm, then I'm looking up like Philadelphia college roster because like you can find anyone on a college roster. Wait, he didn't have a picture of him like in his jersey?


No. Oh my God. I feel like all the douches on Raya that have their like fucking profile picture with them in like their Ravens jersey. It's like he, he didn't lead with that. Years later I said something in front of him about, well he had nothing on his profile, like no pictures. And he was like, yes I did. I was like, no, you didn't Come to find out one of the photos that he had used was actually a television shot. But because the way Tinder formatted the picture. Oh it, it chopped everything. So then the ticker at the bottom, the like graphic at the top that showed that it was a football game was completely cut out.


And so all it was was like a tight shot of him with like his beard. And he was like well groomed. And I was like, I had, I didn't, I if now like remembering the picture, like it makes sense but there was no indication. Okay. But That still is like a very big green flag because I do think it's like if you are a professional athlete and you're feeling like you have to lead with your uniform, Say less you, we know what you're out here for. I mean I don't, I, here's the thing, it's true. Do It. Oh yeah, Do it. Do your thing. Do your thing. Do your thing. But Jason Wasn't doing that. No. Okay. What was your first impression when you met him in person for the first time? He was Hammered. Like drunk.


Drunk already before. Like were you guys going on a date or you were just going to hang out? I was just going to meet up with him. So after we figured out who he was by Googling. Okay. We thought it was a catfish. My friends and I were like, there's no, why would he be on Tinder? That's so, Oh that makes sense. So after a couple days he said Come and meet us out at this bar. And my friend the the one, you know like you have that friend that's just like ride or die. Yeah. Like let's go. We gotta see how this pans out. She got made a great point. It's either going to be a catfish, which is hilarious. Right. Or it's gonna be him also hilarious. Both options are great. We Going to find out. Yep. So we went and met him at a bar in Philly. We walk in and he's sitting at the bar and I'm like, oh.


So it's not a catfish. He has since claimed that like it was like a light came like a light came down an angel. I'm like, no you were fucking shitfaced. Okay. Like You could barely see out of left that You could, your eyes were going opposite direction. Wait, Why? Did he ever explain like why he was on Tinder? No, I think he was just messing around. Yeah. Like he was just like looking for, but I get what you're saying, like people would assume he's a catfish. 'cause it's like why is Jason Kelsey on Tinder? Yes. But Maybe That was like the alert we Met before. He did like the mom suit. Okay. The before all that. Yeah. So he was like a little bit quieter than, but even Philadelphia is such a crazy fan base that they know the offensive linemen.


So yeah. It's kind of fun. Did anyone notice him when you guys were there? Well it was after the Eagles Christmas party. So he was there with like a bunch of his teammates. Oh, so That's why he was fucking hammered? Yes. Oh, annihilated. And there are like stories after the fact of like what he was doing at the Christmas party and I'm like, I don't even know how you made it to The bar. Right. Like, I don't know how you remembered me. Yes. He remembered, he remembered me walking in and then at some point tasting the Shirley Temple that I had ordered because it was the only non-alcoholic drink he had had that day. So he was like, it was The most refreshing sip I had had in what felt like weeks. I love that for Jason. He's like, oh yeah, thank you so much. Give me some hydration. Yes. Did you have any like hesitations about dating a professional athlete?


I told no one. Interesting. For months. Why? Because if it was a situation where it was going to be like a, like we hooked up and that was it. I didn't wanna be like, because after a few times of hanging out I was like, shit. Yeah, you're great. And there's clearly I like very much am into this. And so I was like, if it's just me and it's not him that's into this. Yeah. I wanna make sure that I'm not then labeled the bimbo That I get that. And that's fucking tough. 'cause you're, it, it, correct me if I'm wrong, but I feel like when you're in that position you can feel like because they are successful and you're someone in college, you're like, they do have the power almost.


Yes. And there is a power upper upper hand. Yeah. You're like, fuck. Like I kind of don't wanna get my heart broken here and I don't wanna look like the idiot because people assume that women are flocking after these people and you just don't wanna look dumb. Yes. And I feel like that is a natural feeling that's like hard to admit, but it's like the reality, the situation. Yeah. And I didn't want to, I didn't wanna seem vulnerable in that situation. Yeah. To allow the space. Like I, I, like I said, not super sensitive. So I was like kind of like a, like if this doesn't work out, it's okay. But then it got to like a few times of hanging out and I'm like, well I would actually be like disappointed. Like I'm, I'm really into him. When did you know you were like absolutely falling in love with him? I mean probably like two months in.


Oh Wow. Because I was just like, we, at the very beginning we would sit and talk for hours. Like it was insane how long these conversations would go on. Yeah. And it was, I we would leave and then it was one of those where like a day later he would be like, well what are you doing tomorrow? And it was it the hangouts got more and more frequent. Yeah. To the, where we were hanging out back to back days and then, you know, it's like, well we're hanging out back to back days. He has to like feel something too, right? Yes. When did you guys like tell each other you loved each other? Like who said it first? I said it first. Were you best? But it was No, no.


It was one of those where like you're sort of going back and forth and you're like, you're basically playing chicken. Yes. That's The most when you're like, I really like you. Yes. And then you're like, I can't keep saying I really like you at This point. This is, we're we're too old for this year. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He, I said it first it was, I would say like at six months in we were starting to have conversations of like, if he wasn't playing in Philadelphia, like would we continue dating? Like things like that. Which are is a very serious conversation to have. And we were having it just very casually. What Would you have done if he got traded to the Cowboys?


It was so nice knowing, I'm kidding. A, a lovely man. Never. I, I'm on record saying I would not wear other team stuff but that I would wear things that had my husband's name on it. You Are never not gonna be an Eagles fan. Correct. Okay, that's good. To clarify, once your friends found out you were dating him, like I had dated this professional athlete when I was in college and I remember he slept in my dorm room and it made it on Twitter. And everyone was like, what the actual fuck is that guy? He just won a World series and he's leaving a sophomore's dorm room. Which now is like controversial when I think about like the age gap. But that's another conversation for another time. But I remember people on campus being like, Cooper, what the fuck?


Why is he in there? Like, did girls start to be like, Kylie, what is happening? I when I, like, I kept it a secret a long time. How I told no one. No, No. Your one friend knew Right. Who brought you there that night? Yes. And then, so I Had two, I had two friends on campus that knew Okay. My two closest friends. And they never told anyone. They didn't tell anyone. And they, my teammates knew at some point that I was seeing someone. Oh my God. And there was a, there was one time, which is funny 'cause Cabrini was such a small school where I was talking to one of my teammates and she said like, who is this guy you're seeing?


I was like, ah, he just, he lives in the city. And they were like, why are you being so sketchy about it? And I was like, because he has a job that's kind of public. I'm not gonna get into it. When You say that, Kylie, immediately you're like, so who is It? Well that's what happened. And so I was just like, oh, like he plays for the Eagles. We got there eventually, like it was right. It was a very roundabout way. But we got there and pulling teeth. One of my college teammates was like, oh, that's so funny. I know this girl from back home who met this eagle on Tinder. No, But it can't be the same guy. 'cause this guy was hideous. No, I was like, really?


What does he look like? And she was like, I'm gonna text her right now and figure out what his name was. Five minutes later. His name was Jesus. No, you're fucking lying. I Was like, Kylie. Yeah, no, it was one of those moments where you're just like, this is validation. This is why I'm not telling anyone. Fuck. And the best part is is that like nothing ever came of like this girl meeting him on Tinder. And so like we got like, I eventually got to the bottom of that, but I just thought it was so funny that in the one moment where I was like, okay, am I gonna let my guard down and someone Just comes For you? And she just was like, oh, like I know a girl from back home that met an eagle on Tinder. And I was just like, no way.


You're like, who could it be? I'm going to die. Yeah. You're like, Jason And I. Yeah. I was like, okay, Your eyes twitching. You're like, yeah, it's pulling out your phone. You're like, what the Fuck? And it was like Mo it was like months before we met. Like, and, But I get it in that moment. Like there's nothing worse than finally being open to your friends and honest. Oh. And then that moment, understandably you're dating a public person. So anyone and everyone who has had any it's fair game like interaction or even seen him in a room before, it's gonna be like, I know him. Yes. And you're gonna be like, wait, what? And that must have been so jarring. Did you ever have any like, not trust issues with friends, but did you ever, once things got more serious, have people kind of, you feeling like they were in it for the wrong intentions?


Whether it was like asking you for tickets or just like stuff like that? I still have reservations about that. Like it, I still am in a situation where I always say my husband is super trusting and it's one of the things I love about him. I'm the suspicious one. I'm the one who's like, Hmm, maybe not. Yeah. And it's a weird place to be because like I am in, I have three young children, almost four. I am very much in the time of my life where I should be like making mom friends and, and I just, I hesitate on branching out to much because I always think like, are you just trying to double date? 'cause it's my husband.


Is your husband, does your husband have a hard on for my husband? Like, is that what's happening here? They're like, yes. Yeah, no, that's, I could see that. And I feel like obviously now you guys are even more public with obviously Travis and Taylor. Yeah. So you guys are like, everyone is just like, what are you guys doing? Yes. And you're like, again, I'm coloring in my kitchen. Leave me alone. Yes, Exactly. How did your family react when they met Jason? They loved him. My dad found, I, my dad was the last person I wanted to find out because, because I knew he would be like, you're not a bimbo, but He's an Eagles fan, right? Yes. But his dad very much overwhelmed the excitement of that.


Yeah. He's an eagle and he, my dad is very much girl dad, like protective gonna make sure that you hold yourself the right way and that you present yourself well. And he also always told my sister and I like, don't ever be dependent on Yeah. The person you're with don't ever, like, you always need to make sure that you have your own stuff going on, that you could always support yourself. That like, if anything were to ever happen that you would not be completely That's great advice. I It's the best. Yeah. But I, he was the one I was most concerned about. My sister just so happened to be downstairs talking to my dad and I still remember being upstairs listening to the conversation.


They had been talking to the neighbor about how he was playing football, like, like tiny, like little kid football and that. My dad was asking him who his favorite player was. So at that point my sister knew fuck the neighbor's favorite player was Jason. My God. And so I hear Jason's name come up and I hear my sister start to sort of egg my dad on and be like, no way. That's crazy. And so I go down the steps and I was like, you're awful. And she was like, why? And tried, she tried to rescue me. She did. I give my sister credit in this moment.


She tried to rescue me. She tried to be like, Hey Uhuh, I, this is not the direction that conversation was going. And my dad was like, why are you so bothered by that? And so then it, we had a coming to Jesus moment. Wait, stop. That's where you told him you were like, well, yes. And what did, because Because then my sister was like, she's, she's, she knows him. What Did your dad Say? My dad was appalled. My dad was, my dad was not happy. He was v actually very disturbed. Very disturbed. He's Like, you can't take Sunday night football from me, Kylie. He was like, that's The eagle. Do not ruin this. Do not ruin this for me. I Can't picture this.


I Cannot state. Cannot separate. That's it. Wait, So when did they meet for the first time? At, at my aunt's house in northeast Philly. I jokingly was like, you can come if you want. 'cause he was like, what are you doing tonight? And I was like, going to my aunt's house, we're gonna have burgers and hang out. And he was like, oh. I was like, do you want to come? And he was like, yeah, okay. I was like, oh no. Oh no, no, no. Oh no. So he met like a bunch of your family and He met the, the, the family that I'm closest with. Yeah. And what was your dad? Was your dad fangirling or was he like a hard ass? He did not fan girl. Okay. And he wasn't a hard ass. Okay. My dad is very warm and fuzzy.


Okay. He will not stop talking if you paid him. But Internally was he, he grew up With six sisters. Like he, he knows how to get a word in. Okay. He talked to him and afterwards was like, he's actually nothing. Like I would've thought a professional athlete would've been fair love because he just came in, sat down, my aunt's like feeding him shrimp and burgers and he was just like, okay. Was your mom obsessed with him? My mom, I think I get my skepticism from my mom because she was like, she loved him, but she was like, okay. So like, we'll see how this goes. Yeah. What was your first impression of the Kelsey family? Delightful. Really?


Yeah. They're all, they're all so sweet. And honestly, the first time that I met all of them. Yeah. Well the first time I met his dad was over the phone and it freaked me out 'cause they sounded so much alike. Oh, that's weird. It sounded like Jason in 50 years. Yeah. It was strange love. But his mom is so sweet and they're, they're so supportive of their sons so sweet that it was the easiest way to bond because when they were coming into town, we were going to football games together. Oh, that's nice. So it was, we were cheering together. It was like the best way to wait. Do you remember the first time you met them? I don't remember the first time that I met his mom or dad. Really? Like that moment.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I remember meeting Travis for the first time because it was like eight months into dating. Like, it was a while into date. Maybe longer. It was a long time into dating. It was football season. Oh Right. Oh right. He plays football too, right? Yeah, he was busy. Oh, alright. He was just a little busy. Super casual. And then when did you meet him for the first time In Hawaii for Pro Bowl. So we like ran, we ended up meeting up in like the gift shop of the hotel and it's the first time I met him and it was just funny to me because he was like exactly on track with the rest of the family. Yeah. Like warm and fuzzy, like just, I've heard so much about you. And it was just like this very silly, like sweet. Oh, like they're all Kind of the same vibe.


You, You're all family. How is your family different from his? Oh, A lot of ways. Okay. I tell everybody that like when my friends got married I was like, it's difficult because your in-laws are now your family, but they're not your family. So like, if I wanted to, like, if my dad was being ridiculous, I would call my dad and be like, you're being an asshole. So true. In a respectful way. Yes, of course. But I would never call my father-in-law and be like, what are you doing? So true. So, and they also, like, my family is very like, we talk about everything like to A fault. Which is probably why I'm so like, I hate lying.


Just say what you're gonna say. They will like be very nice about things and I'm like, just say it. Are you, are you mad? Like, like I just wanna get straightforward. Yes. And they are very nice. Yeah. And like, you're like, guys not the same, but I'm like, is anyone gonna say are we, is someone bought? Like, That is so relatable though. I feel like I have the same thing with my husband where his family, they just call each other and they're like, what are you doing? That's, and with my family, we all just like lightly tiptoe and we wanna like, we're not tiptoes. No. You're like, BA bash the Door open. We're we stomping? Like, what the fuck Are you doing?


And you're like, I have a problem with you. Yes. But it's so funny merging families. I agree. Because I love my mother-in-law so much. Yes. But if we're ever having just like, oh she's being annoying. I'm like, well Matt, you tell her like, I'm not gonna call Lisa and be like, Lisa, you're annoying me. Yeah. But like, I agree with my mom. I'm like, you need to seriously back up. So it's like you Yes, I agree. Family to a point and then you're like, but I'm, there's boundaries still A thousand in a positive way. I I you're my family but I want to be like aggressively respectful. Yes. Yes. What is Donna's best quality? As a mother-in-law?


This is an advertisement from Better Help. I cannot express how much of a Game Changer Therapy has been for me over the past few years. I would not be anywhere near where I am today without it. Going on a therapy journey gave me the tools I needed to set healthy boundaries, practice clear communication, and end the unhealthy habits that were holding me back. Setting aside time to focus on yourself is so crucial for Personal Growth and Daddy Gang. You do not have to do it alone. In a society that glorifies being extremely independent, it's so easy for us to forget that we are so much better when we have a support system. Therapy can be that amazing source of support you're looking for in any area of your life. Whether you are working on finding balance or you're goal setting or you're trying to break toxic patterns, it all just gets so much easier when you ask for help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. This month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing is worth it, so don't miss it. For a limited time visit better help.com/daddy to get 90% off your first week. That's better. Help HEL p.com/daddy


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. Tinder is back and it's easier than ever to put yourself out there. Whether you're looking for a date, maybe just a vibe or someone to send unhinged memes to. Real connections happen here every day. A new relationship starts on Tinder every three seconds. Tinder gives you the freedom to meet people your way. If you've been waiting for a sign, this is it, Daddy Gang. Explore all the possibilities for yourself. Tinder, it starts with a swipe download Tinder today.


What is Donna's best quality? As a mother-in-law, My biggest thing that I appreciate about her is that she is an amazing example of an independent woman. She is an expert traveler. She, her and Ed are no longer together. They got divorced when the boys went to college and she has not looked back. And I don't mean that in any way against Ed, I just mean it in like that. She has been traveling, seeing the world. Like she really is fulfilling like all of her travel dreams. Wow. And for me, I feel like that's such a cool example for our daughters that that is something that excites her soul.


So why wouldn't she do it? It's incredible. Yes. Okay. How would you describe your dynamic with Travis? The sad thing is we don't get to see each other very often, but whenever we're together it's like, it really feels like it's just like the room of siblings. Like it's, you just sort of like shoot the shit and have a good time, poke fun and Yeah. Yeah. Does he ever ask you for like sisterly advice? Like what role do you play to him? We've, We've had like those types of conversations before. It's, it's a lot of like, just like playful banter. Like he at some point was explaining to Jason about a pair of shoes that he bought when he was like way earlier in the league.


Yeah. And I think they were like Louie or something and he was trying to explain to me, but like there's, it's a red bottom and I was like, but why do you need spikes on your shoe? And Jason was like, but how much did they cost? And like it's almost like we like gang up on him a little bit. Yeah. Keep him humble. But Yeah. But he's like, it's like The most fun dynamic and watching the Jason and Travis together is, it's so funny because you, it's almost like everyone else isn't in the room anymore. Like they'll get on a roll and it's like everyone else doesn't exist and it's just the two of them and you can almost see them like playing mini hockey in their basement growing up. That's adorable.


Just by the way they're bantering. How Are they similar and how are they different? Because I feel like they seem similar. They're Very similar in their core values. Okay. So they, they are kind sweet, generous. They both have great senses of humor, although I do think their senses of humor vary a little bit. And then there's just like, I mean my husband, he wears what he wears and Travis is out here like making statements with his outfit on a daily basis. Yeah. The fashion is, yes. There's a huge disparity here. Very much So. But that's just it. Like their core values are, you can tell they were raised in the same house by the same people. Yeah. And then you can tell they were into different activities.


Okay. Have you ever gone on a double date with Taylor and Travis? Technically yes. I would say technic. What does that Mean? I mean it wasn't out we we it was at home but yes. Have you had one of her home cooked meals? I don't know that I really ate the meal. This is gonna sound terrible. No, I didn't really eat the meal because I was, you really cut that. I was eight weeks pregnant. Oh. And it was one of those where like nothing. Yeah. But you're happy to be there. Yeah. Okay. The world saw you and Taylor meet obviously for the first time at the Chiefs and Bills game. Yes. Was that the first time you had guys met? Yes. Really? Yes. People are deeply disturbed by this boy. Why? There was like all of this stuff leading up to it about, well why haven't they met?


They're avoiding each other. I'm not avoiding anyone. I am more than happy to meet someone, especially someone that Travis is dating. But it was funny to me because I kept saying to people I didn't meet Travis for probably close to a year Right. When Jason and I were dating. So it and she's busy Just a little, It's just so silly to me. Yeah. That that's like the storyline that's, that's written. I can imagine that's also annoying 'cause you're like, it was also like probably like a lovely time to meet at like a, a football game. It was like, it was great. How did Travis tell you guys that he was dating Taylor Swift? I'm assuming like your family was like getting told this in some capacity at some point.


We were not. You weren't? No. We've, I will say we knew before everyone else knew. Okay. But we were, it was not like It didn't hit the group Chat. No, it did not hit the group chat. Did Jason tell you? Jason and I found out together. Jason and I found out together. But we knew before like they hard launched with her going to a game I would assume. Yeah. Okay. What is something surprising you guys have bonded over? It's, we grew up going to the same shore points. Oh nice. So her family was like Seattle Stone Harbor Fun. And that's like the exact areas that that I grew up going to. Like I've, well You went to Seattle.


I've gone to Seattle City my whole life. Wait New Jersey? Yes. I went to Avalon. Did you? And my best friend had a house in sea, good vibes. And I would go to the boardwalk. Yes. And I would put on my little jean mini skirt. I was like And you were doing something. I Was looking for something. Yes You were. Yep. I would go there looking for Like a my nieces. That's what they do now. Do You still ever go? We have a house in Seattle. Well You do. Yeah, We still go to Seattle. Yeah. I will never not go to Seattle. People are like, oh you're gonna graduate. You're gonna go to Avalon or Stone Harbor. And I'm like, oh no. The one time we were on the beach in Avalon and someone came up to us and they were talking to Jason and they were like, ah, isn't Avalon great? And Jason's like, well we usually stay in sea aisle.


This is such a niche conversation for people who don't. The People don't. It's like the Jersey Shore. Let's, let's preface the Jersey Shore, but it's not the Jersey shore. It's like it's Not the Jersey shore that is the jersey. The Jersey shore that you've seen. Because South Jersey shore is very different from Seaside Heights. The man on the beach in Avalon said to Jason, well good thing you're in Avalon. We don't really have the riffraff that sea aisle has. And as soon as he walked away I said to Jason, he doesn't realize he was speaking to the riffraff. That's us. Dude. I love sea. It's the best. I'm happy that you guys still have a house there. Oh yeah. Never leave. Okay. You have three kids, you're pregnant obviously with your fourth. Yes. How have you been feeling overall in this pregnancy? Pregnant. Yeah. It just, I get nauseous all the way through.


It's been every single one For all the men listening, this is very important. Yes. What are three things that a husband should absolutely do when his wife is pregnant? Just like give the men some tips like what do we need? Remember that your wife is growing a human. Okay. It's a good one. Like it it, I mean it sometimes I think guys are like, oh she's fine. And I'm like No. I'm like you're actively building a human being. So like just some give her some grace. Yep. Know remember that it's not infinite. That this too shall pass. And so for the women who are like extreme, like I've had pregnancies where I've been really, really emotional.


Yeah. And I'm, after the pregnancy, I'm like, Jason, I don't know how you did that. Jesus, thank you for sticking with me. Yeah. So this too shall pass. And then mostly I think it's important to remember that she needs your support in postpartum more than she did during pregnancy. Postpartum is one of the hardest things I've ever done in my whole life. Yeah. Labor is like a drop in the bucket compared to postpartum. Wow. So I think that like giving your significant other grace I feel like for so long, like I don't have kids yet. Yes. And I want kids. And as a woman I feel like for so many years, probably like decades, like there was this one just misconception about like pregnancy for women is just like, oh my god it's amazing.


And you see these ads and its smiles and it's rainbows and no one was really talking about like how fucking hard it is. Yes. And I think that, and it's not meant to make people feel scared but it's the reality. Yep. And I appreciate you bringing up postpartum because I think that was something that no one really talked about because there was a shame where women felt like, oh my God, is there something wrong with me that I'm not feeling great? I just gave birth. Like and I think your podcast and women talking about it, like those are the conversations that are gonna actually allow women to feel genuinely better about themselves because they know other women are going through it and we're not all like siloed in different sectors. Being like let's your experience like and you're like whispering about it. Yes.


I just can't imagine feeling the feelings that I felt and not having women around me to be like, that's not, that's not abnormal. Yeah. Like you are having the same because when I brought home our first, you like give birth, my husband leaves the hospital the next morning to go to work. My dad had to pick Wyatt Anaya up from the hospital as a newborn. I get home and I look at this baby for the next however many weeks. They don't smile at you for like six to eight weeks on purpose. So like you're like grasping at straws here of like are we cool? Like what's, are we good? But I had this, I very much had this moment looking at Wyatt of like, but your, you're mine.


Right? And I made you and like I did not feel that immediate like this is my baby and I will like it. I didn't have that. I didn't have that sensationalized like I'm a mother now. It was like a slow ease in when she fi. I always tell moms, especially first time moms that six to eight weeks when they start to smile at you on purpose you're like, oh we're cool. Like we're you're connect. Yeah. There is a connection here because before that they are a blob. They cry, they poop, they eat, they sleep. That's it. But even When you just said that Kylie, don't you feel like there is like a level of anxiety I'm sure for some women, I don't know if you had it in like even admitting that even though it's probably the more common experience.


Think of how horrible that sounds. Right. Think of how horrible that sounds. You just built a human being. You give birth. Yes. And you're holding like this tiny little being that is completely dependent on you And you're like how it is so difficult to admit that you are not just like this is the moment. Right? Like yeah. But to be able to say that out loud and to have other women hear it so that you not racked with guilt when you take your first baby home and like realize that you're not having that moment of like this is The most beautiful thing ever. Like we're both in diapers. I have a cooling pad on my lady bits.


I am like afraid to sit down at any given point 'cause it hurts so bad and at the same time every two hours I'm supposed to connect you to my boob and something's gonna happen. It is like what the fuck? But But it's beautiful. It's Beautiful. No and that is why I think people are loving you being so just honest about your experiences. And again like I commend every woman out there that has had the best experience where they're like my baby came out, it flew onto my chest and we've been happy ever since. Amazing. I love that. I love that for you. I hope that that's most people's experience. I agree. But I appreciate you being honest about it because it's like, It's not Yeah, I think it's a lot more times your experience is more common.


Yes. And no one was talking about it. So when the first few women started admitting it, you, I know I've seen things online of people like back in the day being like, what is wrong with her? Yes. Like is she depressed? Is she like maybe but what I don't know. Let's figure it out Maybe because that also happens. Yes. What is Jason's best quality as a father? Oh, his patience. Hmm. He has So like when I do think that we have a very complimentary dynamic that he can tell when I've like reached my breaking point and he will tag in in The most like calm, come on Ellie. Like we'll go try this. Or he gets them to eat more food than I could ever even imagine because he will just sit at the table and be like, well that looks good to try.


Or it's just this, he's firm when he needs to be. But he has this degree of patience where I'm just like, this is great. Is he excited for four or is he like, okay we need to like bunker down and figure out how we're gonna manage for No, I think he's, he's ready for it. Right. We just live in like a state of chaos. Like we're just like, this is fun love. We're having fun love. Okay, last two questions. What do you think is the biggest misconception about your family? That We're more interesting than we are. That's the biggest Takeaway. That's the biggest misconception. That we are more interesting than we are. I think that people don't realize, similar to what we were saying earlier about like you meet people in the public eye and you're just like, oh they're a person.


Yeah. We very much want our girls to live like a very normal life and in an attempt to do that we very much conduct ourselves in a very normal way at home where I think people would be extremely underwhelmed with what goes on. It is not so Hollywood And not even a little bit, Are you guys gonna always, you think stay in Philly area? Yes. Love. Yeah. I love that. Okay. Jason, obviously ti is retired but I feel like he's working more than ever and you just launched your podcast. What do you think this next chapter of your lives is gonna be? Because obviously I feel like when he was playing you guys had probably this routine and now you've kind of like launched into this new era, I guess of your life.


Like what can we expect and what are you expecting? That's a good question. I have no idea. Okay. I am not much of a planner. Okay. It's okay. I am really enjoying what we currently have going on. I love that I'm getting to talk to incredible women. I love that we're having conversations that I think people wanna hear or like people are getting to learn with me. I like, we'll we'll see where that goes. But ultimately, like we have three little ladies one on the way. I'm excited to see like what the next one's personality is like.


I am excited to see like what our girls look like when they're starting kindergarten and all that kind of stuff. So yeah, I don't know. I mean we are super busy. We're just, I'm gonna keep dating my husband and taking care of my kids and love. Yeah, love and see where, where the wind takes us I guess. Well I am so happy we finally got to sit down. It was like You are, thank you for having me. Such a pleasure. Like you're so fucking normal and lovely to talk to you. I literally feel like I'm like back in Philly in my basement talking to you and we're hanging out and we're about to like turn on the Eagles game and be like, woo, go Eagles. But thank you so much for taking the time 'cause I know you're so busy.


No, thank you. And thank you. I always like to give flowers where they're needed. So I do just wanna say like, and it usually stems from the idea of like that you are an example of a woman who is doing her thing and leading the way and like even back to when you were having conversations that were like, oh my god, women are talking about that stuff And like you were openly talking about it. You are like removing stigmas or like making it appropriate for women to speak the way we should get to fucking speak. So love, thank you for doing that and thank you for being an example that, I mean my girls get to live in a a better world because you've broken through barriers. So thank you.


Thank you so much. This was an honor.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that Call Her Daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Hey everyone, I'm Gypsy Rose Blanchard. So viewers will see in this season of life after lockup my struggles and mistakes I made, how I handled myself, I'm excited about motherhood. I get to share with my child the things that I didn't get to experience as a child myself and Ken and I grow as a couple. Seeing how we navigate parenthood, seeing how we navigate our relationship, it's gonna be great. Gypsy Rose Life after lockup. New episode tonight at nine, only on lifetime.