
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. When you think of taxes, it used to be just getting frustrated by your forms, right? But now taxes is uploading your forms with a snap and a TurboTax expert will do your taxes for you. Okay? One who's backed by the latest tech, which cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy, all of which makes it easy for you to get The most money back guaranteed. Daddy Gang, get an expert now on TurboTax dot com only available with TurboTax Live full service. See guaranteed details at TurboTax dot com slash guarantees.


Daddy Gang, if you are sitting there and you're like, huh, I need a change in my life. I want something new, I want something exciting, learn a new language. There is nothing more incredible and nothing to make you feel more confident and sure of yourself than learning a new language available on mobile and desktop. Rosetta Stone is designed to fully immerse you in your chosen language for a more natural, effective learning experience. I feel like as I've become an adult, there are moments where you're like, wait, I need to continue learning. You leave school and you're like, oh, I'm done. That is not what I wanna be. I want to continue to grow and to learn, and I love learning new languages. So, Daddy Gang, if you are interested, maybe you're going on a trip, maybe you wanna just better yourself, Call Her Daddy. Listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit rosetta stone.com/ Call Her Daddy to get started and claim your 50% off today. That is rosetta stone.com/ Call Her Daddy to start learning.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lie nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora. What is Up? Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy, daddy. Daddy Lauren Graham. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you so much. I am such a fan. Oh, this is so epic and so fun. And I think that my fans the Daddy Gang, are going to freak out that we're in the same room.


That's Really, really nice for you to say. Thank you. I'm excited to How are you doing today? Listen, I was running a little late. It's raining in California, which always freaks everybody out and, but I am otherwise good. No, everyone acts like we have to like all stay home from work when it rains. It's like no one leave your house or none of us also can drive. Apparently. No, everyone gets very stressed out and it's hard to, but it also looks really pretty and, you know, it makes the air feel healthier. True. Okay. You live in la what is The most LA thing about you and the least la thing about you? Well, I live in LA and New York. I still have a place in New York that I've had for a long time, so I'm, I'm endlessly like asking that question.


I think one extremely LA thing is to be really freaked out by like one inch of rain. Yep. And it is a thing to like really have long conversations about what freeway you took and why. So true. And, and it's just very LA to be like, oh my gosh, it's 70 degrees. I'm freezing. Like, that has become like, now I go to the East coast and I can't, I dunno how I ever lived there. I Feel the same way. My parents recently have been like, Alex, shut the fuck up. You literally grew up in Pennsylvania. You went to school in Boston. You lived in New York. Yeah. Why are you cold? It's like 60 something degrees. I'm like, I need a, I need like a parka. I think it changes your body to live here. I don't think it's our fault.


I think that you just do become more of a wimp. I Agree. But like, we're so fortunate to have this weather. Yeah. Like, I wanna stay in it forever. Yeah. And then the least la thing about you. I don't do yoga. I try. I've tried. I'll try again. I just can't. People are like, oh my God, the yoga, I dunno why I'm making impressions of my friends, making them sound like ding-dongs. But like, yeah, I can't do, I don't, I don't know. Yeah. It's so slow and It's too slow. I also can't do it. I don't also do hikes as often as I probably should. Everyone's like hiking, but yoga, I'm the same way. I'm like, and hot yoga. Yeah. Truly fuck off. Right. Okay. When you aren't working, what is your favorite way to spend an off day?


Well, I really have enjoyed, because I worked for a big chunk of the year and I'm, I'm in kind of a newish house that I haven't like gotten, I haven't gotten to spend a lot of time there. I really love doing very little. And my favorite thing about my house is I put a, 'cause the, I put the coffee machine where the bedrooms are on the bedroom level. Ooh. So I get up, I get out of bed, I go boop to the coffee maker. I get back in bed and I do like every New York Times puzzle. I'll read, I'll like, I just, the luxury of not having a 5:00 AM call time is just really a wonderful Place.


You saying that just made me realize like, we're all doing it wrong. It's like, why is my coffee machine on another Floor? We obviously you played historically like a character that was obsessed with coffee. Yeah. What is your coffee order? It's, well, it's gotten, it's, it's pretty, it can be anything. First of all, I'll, I'll drink coffee from the gas station. I don't care. And, and also I'll have like really coffee with like, a lot of, you know, footnotes on it. Like, can you, and also, but the thing that I do around holiday time, so the coffee is just coffee. I like this vanilla creamer. And then I've started being this person, which is, I have whipped cream in a can, and I put whipped cream on top of my coffee and cinnamon.


It's the best thing you've ever had. And, and I, the whipped cream was just like, for holidays. I was like, certainly no one can just have whipped cream on their coffee That's just decadent. And then I just kept it from Christmas. It's so good. No, every time my husband sees me, he's like, you are making a milkshake that's not a coffee. And I'm like, shut up. Yeah, watch yourself. I'm having a nice morning. Yeah. And he just drinks it black and I'm like, you're insane. No. Okay. Wait, so then was that like a huge part that you just like randomly brought to Lole? Like did you, or did, was that already written as the character? It was all written. It was all there. The coffee's, I mean, it's in the first episode, right? She goes and he's, you know, demands more coffee and he's like, you've had enough.


No, that was just there. And you know, like it was one of the many kind of serendipitous aspects of that part and that time and that character is like, we just shared a lot of traits. Okay, I'm gonna move my coffee machine upstairs. I don't know how I'm doing it, but I'm doing it.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Claude. The, if you know, you know, AI assistant that's vibing with millions of people around the world, think of Claude as your pocket AI agony on for dating advice, journaling, or as a sounding board for those important life conversations. You can ask Claude to help with almost any task, whether it's crafting you a business plan for that side hustle, giving you style ideas based on photos of your wardrobe, or even interior design. Inspo for that awkward corner of your living room. While other AI assistants sound like robots. Claude just gets it. When it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence, basically Claude's a supportive king. You can chat with Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com. Enjoy Daddy Yang.


When it comes to beauty and fragrance, I am all about the fearless unapologetic vibes. And that is exactly what you get in Y l's newest fragrance. Li lnu Li Lnu is a citrus floral masterpiece, alcohol free and completely liberating. It's a fragrance that makes a statement the moment you wear it. I love how it feels fresh light yet still bold. It is the perfect balance of feminine and daring and it's got this incredible staying power and leaves my skin feeling radiant and glowing. It really is the perfect balance of citrus and florals. It's so fresh and sexy. If you are ready to experience something new, trust me. Daddy Yang lieb Nu a refreshing twist on the iconic lie. Oda Parum. I personally have this fragrance and I will say my favorite thing, although yes, I love my husband thinking I smell good. There is nothing better when women or your girlfriends compliment you. And every single time I've worn this fragrance, my girlfriends are like, no, what are you wearing? Give it to me right now. That smells so freaking good. And Matt is obsessed with it. I'm always looking for something that has a fresh citrus floral scent. But it needs to still be that perfect balance of not overpowering, but still bold. And this has exactly that. So Daddy Gang, if you wanna try it out, shop now at Sephora.


Before your acting career took off, you worked a lot of different jobs. Can you share some of your favorite ones? I mean, none of them. Okay. They were all, they were all on the, you know, it's hard to do something in service of the thing you want to do, but you're not there yet. But I didn't, I didn't hate being a waitress. I, I liked the, I like anything where you're moving and the time goes by really quickly. I liked being an apprentice at summer stock, even though like during the day we had to like clean the bathrooms and paint the fence and stuff. Work the box office. But that was just like, we were all kind of in it together.


It was like a fun community. I liked being a tutor. I was a tutor for the SATs and stuff. Oh my God. Yeah. Wait, that's a flex. Wait, no, Lauren, that's like, whoa. I, it was a little bit, sure. I mean, really the reason I got the job is 'cause I had a car in New York City. I, and they were like, oh, we'll send her to Far Rockaway or whatever. But I like working with kids and, and we weren't even that far apart in age. I was like right out of grad school and I'm working with like high school kids, so, so they were all kind of Okay. I worked retail, I worked at Barney's. Oh, you did it all. Yeah. Okay. Let's talk about Gilmore Girls. Okay. I am the biggest fan.


Like, I feel like that's amazing. I go back and forth. It depends, usually time of year I'm like, it just is end of September, it's about to be October, boom. Hit it again. And I just saw that according to Netflix, people spent 500 million hours watching the show in 2023. Like, I'm like, oh, I'm a hundred million of those hours. How does it feel to know that this show is still just so Loved? It feels really good. And, and also it's hard to, it's hard to comprehend. It's like, I feel really lucky. I feel like honored and it's just kind of crazy.


I don't, 'cause where does it go from here? Like how many generations, you know? I feel like though it will have like, it has this lasting power because the themes are so relatable. Yeah. And the world that was built is so genuine and safe feeling. Yeah. Which I think like, depending on what's going on in the world, like for me, like when I need a show that's gonna make me feel good, I'm turning it on. Yeah. And I think especially in the next couple of years, people will be like, replay, replay. Yes. Go back to episode one. Like I, to me that may be like, everyone has a different experience with it, but like, why do you think it resonates with so many People?


Everything you just said. I think it's a safe place to visit and you know, it's aspirational without being saccharine. I mean, the smother daughter relationship's really fun and positive, but it has its bumps on the road. But I do think it's the writing as well, which is kind of meets you, sorry, meets you wherever you are. If you're a young person, you might miss some of the references and get some of the wit of it kind of as you get older. But I think there's a, it's almost to me, and this is what it was like performing it, it has a musicality to it. It's, it's almost theater in a way.


I feel like how densely packed the dialogue is, but how kind of it takes you along like a song does, you know? And, and so I think it's, it's something in your brain that like playing a song again, like you can kind of listen to it again. That's such an interesting way. Did it feel like that? Yeah. When you were, it's like its own world Yes. Essentially of what you guys have created. Can you explain the moment to me that you realized, holy shit, this show is a hit? It. There was no moment because it was a very slow burn and continues to be like, like, you know, I remember driving, I guess my window was down or something.


I was at a stoplight and like I and more trucky driver guy was like, go more girls. And I was like, unlikely sir. You're an unlikely. But I love it. And so it, there, it was a really slow burn That is the best where you're like, not the demographic I thought we were hitting, but you can't Believe how many men are like, I know it's, you know, it's not for me or it's not designed for me. And I'm like, it is for you. You should start a support group. Like, oh, that's, you know, there's, yeah. Okay. When, when you got the script initially, what was your first impression? Like now in hindsight of Lole, like in that moment, do you remember? I was really struck by the sense of humor in, in the, in the writing.


And that it was, 'cause you have to remember this was a, we now have many more dramedies than we did then. And I don't even know. And, and even when the show started picking up steam and getting submitted for things, there was always a discussion every time of do we submit it in comedy or do we submit it in drama? Doesn't really, it is its own kind of thing. And, but it's that tone that I love The most. And it did not occur to me, although it occurred to many other people in my work life that she was a mom. Like, that wasn't the thing that struck me that because a lot of people then, I was 30, I turned 32 on the pilot I think, or right before, and people were like, don't play a mom.


That's the end of your career. Like, you should, you know, play whatever girlfriends, you know, until you can't do that anymore or whatever. You know, it was more like play the, the play the girlfriend. And, and I was like, oh, I don't think of this. Mom is not mom can be so many things, you know? And, and I just really, I recognized the language like, like it was somebody speaking to me. I was like, I know that person. Well I love how you brought it to life though, because even you saying that you're right. I guess someone could read on a page and be like, Lola is a mom, but I'm like, the way that she had this youthfulness about her not even saying yes.


Yeah. Like you're young as a woman at this point and still, but it's like the energy you were bringing and her independence and her own storylines were so, she was an individual and she was a mother at the same time. Right. And I think you brought that to life and it was very inspiring as a woman to watch that character because her life didn't just revolve around Rory, even though it revolved around Rory. Right. And it felt very refreshing to see a single mother who had her own life and her career and her struggles like it. I loved it. Yeah. Like, I loved watching two women of different ages work together to this like, common goal of trying to find happiness with each other.


And individually I loved it too. And I think the, the aspect, 'cause you could have just stopped at the premise being, oh, she had her as a teenager, but it, it was also therefore allowed for them to have a more truly pure relationship except for when, you know, somebody needed to, to put their foot down. And we did it for each other in a way. And you buy it, I think because that's the whole thing of the show. They're friends who are also mother and daughter. They're mother and daughter who are also friends and Yeah. It's beautiful. Yeah. In what ways did you relate to Lorelei and like how does that work in a script where you're slowly learning more about the character?


Yeah. And you're learning about yourself. Like what was the through line for you? I'm trying to think now. There was one in particular in the maybe first or second season where I was like, are they, are they just like stealing from my life? Like, and it was probably in, I mean, of course there are so besides I was not a mom, but many parallels of like, dating career, you know, setbacks, dealing with parents. I mean, it's just all relatable. It, it is the wonderful evolution in television where the more the writer gets to know you, I mean, you're always playing. Hopefully the best thing you can get in, especially a TV show that's gonna go on, is you wanna be the voice of the creator of the show.


You want to be that character who you know is them speaking through you, kind of, that's where you get The most juicy kind of material. But also as they get to know you, they start writing for you even more. And that's really fun, Fun and scary where you're like, wait, no, you just heard me gossiping over here. How is that in the script this week? Get away from me. Yes. I've like sat with actors sometimes you're like, I had to like stop talking about my personal life. Yes. Because it be in the script and I'm No, you Always hear that about like, sex in the City and friends and stuff. Yeah. I, I felt that less on parenthood where, which I, I loved that character. I loved that show too. But I would get frustrated on her behalf sometimes.


I'd be like, what? Can't she not have a win? Like what? I mean she did have wins and, and I know and had, you know, such a beautiful relationship to her, that family too. But Sarah Braverman. Sarah Braverman, come On Sarah. You know, Sarah needed more wins than Lole. Yes. Right. Different, Different. Yes. Okay. What was it like the first time that you met Alexis AK Roy Gilmar? Well, it was, it was literally on our way to the table read because they had waited for me because I was on another show. So by the time they cast me, they were ready to go, ready to shoot. And we went to Canada and I met Alexis in the lobby of the, of the, of the hotel.


And we just always really got along. Oh my God. It Was really lucky. That is kind of incredible. Yeah. And also hilarious of like this relationship that we all feel like we grew up with. Yeah. Whether people wished they had that relationship with their mom or they find similarities or differences. And it was like such a heart string, polar then it's like, you're like, oh, we quickly met and then we got off to the races. It worked. What do you remember of like those first few scenes shooting with Alexis? Because like, did you feel the immediate chemistry? Were you guys trying to figure out your vibe together? No, I mean, I, I think we did just feel the immediate chemistry. You know, we are very different energies.


She is a shyer, quieter person, which is perfect. 'cause I think if you had two loud mes you'd not have a good balance. And I just really liked her and I, she just had like a lot of natural ability. Okay. I'm gonna ask you some rapid fire Gilmore Girl questions. Okay. Stars Hollow is so iconic, obviously. What was your favorite place there? Not the town hall because it was so hot in there always. And it was like 50 people, you know, Luke's was always fun. The scenes in there were always fun. It, it always just had a lot of like, energy. I used to get phone calls from like my cousins who'd be like, how many times are you going around the gazebo?


Like you've been, like, we would just walk around the gazebo a million times. So, you know, you just get such a sense memory of all these places. My house was always fun and the kitchen was always, we had good scenes in the kitchen. It tended to be, you know, in the house where like we'd have some good watching TV sitting on the couch with giant cheese puffs in front of us. So the best, they were all, they were all really cozy. The damn town hall. I'm done. Yeah. Okay. Which castmate is most like their character in real life? Kelly? Well, no, gosh, everybody isn't, isn't, you know, like Kelly has that part of her.


Okay. But she's warm. She's, she's, you know, regal, but way warmer than, than Emily who, who does, who had warmth in there. Yes. Okay. What Lole line is most often quoted back to you? I mean, oy with the poodles already, I guess. That's good. That's good. Okay. Lorelei has some amazing outfits. Did you ever use your own clothes from your own closet? I think I did. I think that, that everybody loves an Irish girl T-shirt. That was my introduction to Instagram. Yeah. Guys, I haven't even been on it a year yet. Really was really waiting to just make sure it was gonna stick. I think that was mine and occasionally, but you know, you're gonna work at five in the morning and like, so it, I wasn't, I wasn't bringing in anything good also, like my clothes are not, her clothes are more fun than so fun.


My clothes are not fun. So fun. Okay. What storyline was a little hard for you to get behind? There's a year when Alexis and I are in a fight. Rory and Lauralei are in a fight for a long time. And, and we would talk about it and Amy was like, you know, you can't do a show for this long and not have conflict, but it, I forget even what the conflict was, but it went on for a while and that's the one that I would hear from people that they didn't, they didn't like that. I agree. Yeah. Which of Rory's boyfriends do you think was the best fit for her in the long run? You know, you can't get me, I won't be gotten here or anywhere else. I'll never say they were all a good fit for her at the time because there were a learning experience.


Oh my God, you're so, That's the right answer. You're Right. Learn from even the frogs, you know, you're right. The frogs. Okay. Which of Lorelei's partners did you like the best? I mean, Luke is the right answer for sure. Yeah. Luke? Yep. Okay. You previously said you did not date Scott Patterson, obviously who plays Luke in the show, but you did date a couple of the other guys on the set of Gilmore Girls. I know you're not gonna tell me. Can I ask though, was it anyone that lore l ever dated? Yes. And Dating's real big word for, for some of the experiences, but you know, you're there 14, 15 hours.


Who else are you gonna Meet? No. Are you kidding me? I love that for you. Okay. Quickly wanna go through some memorable scenes. Can you tell I'm a fan? Okay. I'm like, hold on, I hope I remember them. I'm like, wait, just one more time. No, actually it's good if you don't like, let's get through. Okay. I'm gonna give you a moment. Tell me what you remember, any behind the scenes, how you felt, whatever it was. Okay. When Lole and Rory get hit on by the same guy at Luke's diner, first scene of the pilot. Well that really was the scene. That was the hook of the show, weirdly. Or I had never seen that scene before in anything. And I thought like, that's really creative. That's a great way to introduce that. These are, you know, people who are close in age. And I, I I did sort of feel like that's the, I can still, I can remember it really well.


You know, it was one of the first scenes, if not the first scene we shot at Luke's Steiner. I don't know, it felt like that. That was a really fun, the kid playing the kid was really cute and Alexis was like, are you my new daddy? Like, speaking of Call Her Daddy and I don't know, it was just really fun. It was like the hook of the show. It Was amazing. Okay. When Lole and Luke finally have their first kiss, When was that? You guys are like on the porch. I think it was a season four finale. You guys are on the porch. We kissed that early Season four. You like pull away, you're like, what are you doing? And he's like, would you just shut up for a second? And then he goes in. That's so hot. I know. It was, I don't remember that. Oh, it was so hot. I like re was like rewind, rewind, rewind.


Yeah, because like the build, I love how you say that soon. I'm like, I was waiting. You waited That long. Day one. Yeah. Yeah. Day one. Okay. When Lole starts dating Rory's teacher. Well, I think we've learned both from Lorelei and Sarah Braverman. Don't date your teacher's kid. I, when I was getting ready, the kid's teacher rather I, I, no, I forgot about that. I was like Sarah and Lole. Yes. Both dated doesn't work out. No, it does not. Okay. When Rory slept with Dean after he got married She did. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. I remember. I remember. I remember. I remember. Oh, I mean there are these things where, yeah, that was bad. That Was like very out Of character for her. It was, but sometimes you had to switch it up.


Yeah, sure. Okay. When weekly dinners with Richard and Emily were the price for Rory going to Chilton, I mean, it's tough because I don't wanna wreck anything for anybody. I loved those scenes. They were a real bear to shoot 'cause somebody's eaten here and somebody's eaten there, somebody's eating here, you gotta move the camera all the way around. And so they would take a really long time and you'd sit in front of that like fake fancy food and you know, but we, we would just, that was also so key to the show to, so, you know, so we, we loved them while they took a long time. I didn't even think about that as like, when you're in production, like you're like, I'm, which I guess could then kind of in a positive way, like add to your annoyance.


Exactly. Where you're like, shut up mom. And you're like getting annoyed because You're like, well, and it, and it does. It's, it's an interesting exercise in continuity because as you know, the hours tick by what are, what's your emotional level? Where did your elbow go? Like so there was a kind of, you're right. Like constraint in there or something that like you had to keep doing this the same exact way and yet keep it fresh, Which is kind of indicative of how you were actually supposed to be feeling. Yes. While you're shooting that scene. So, okay, there we go. I used it in my work. Okay. You talked about how you did not realize that the Sea Season seven Valley was the end of Gilmore Girls. And I cannot imagine emotionally just being like, see you guys tomorrow or see you guys next season and then it ends.


Like, what was that last day like for you? It was really emotional. We had our wonderful director, Lee Shallot Shemel, who was like, guys, you know, I'm gonna do a shot at the end that mimics the shot that, that is in the pilot that sort of pulls away from Luke's and we're like there in the diner. She's like, in case this is it. And the whole year had been really emotional. We were very lost without as good as writers we had that we were kind of lost without Amy. And the show just didn't feel the same. We couldn't even, it was like, why Shouldn? We try to stay, should we try to keep going? Like it, you know? And it's not up to the actors. So there were many, many, many conversations and it just did feel like you, you want to be able to say goodbye to something and we didn't get to do that.


Obviously the show came back for a revival, but like, when you did walk away, how did you feel knowing like, wow, the Gilmore Girls era of my life is over? Well, it didn't happen until a few weeks later. There were still conversations going on. Who knows how that decision ultimately got made. But I was at a restaurant and the waiter came over and was like, your agent's on the phone, which was very dramatic, glamorous. I was like, oh, excuse me, my agent's on the phone. And I went and picked up the phone at the bar. 'cause I guess I don't know what was going on with cell phones then and or why he knew where I was or like, why I don't know any of it.


But, and he said it's over and I didn't know how to feel and I didn't know, you know, later different, a couple different cast members said, you know, you didn't call me. And I was like, oh God, I didn't, I wouldn't even have thought it was my job or my place to call anybody and tell them No. And that's what I think is like nice though, to hear. 'cause I think people would be like, what do you mean you didn't know? And you're like, no, I'm literally sitting there and I didn't know. So you guys come back for the revival. What was it like playing Lule again? It just made me so happy. It's so, God, it just made me so happy. I I I was like on a little cloud the entire time.


I, because it was such an opportunity that you don't get very often to do a, not a do over, but like get to return to something with people feeling enthusiastic and you know it's gonna be completed. You know, it's not a pilot. It was just an incredible opportunity. And I don't know, everything about it was just, it was The most probably fun I've had at work. The show ended on a bit of a cliffhanger total. Do you the bigot. I was like, wait, what? Yeah. How are we? Wait, do you think that it could ever come back again? I think this is just my theory. I do not know I am, this is how much I am superstitious or in love with the show is like, there are questions I could probably get an answer to that I have never asked.


Like I never asked because Amy said from the beginning she knew what the final four words of the show were. She knew from the beginning and she didn't get to do it in season seven, that it had to wait until like she knew that was the, the, the, those were the final words. I never asked her, I didn't even ask her when we were shooting that episode of the, of the show. I don't think I asked her until, 'cause it wasn't in the script because It's what mom, I'm pregnant, Mom what? I'm pregnant. And she didn't put it in the script because she didn't want it to leak. So she would, she just told us when we kind of got there. And so it did feel like a cliffhanger.


I think it was, I think maybe the thought was we would go into another season then. But I have never asked. And I don't know. Why don't you ask? Because I don't know because I'm scared. I don't know. I, because because I guess I feel like if that didn't happen, was that like, I don't know, like I don't wanna know, I don't wanna see behind the curtain of like, did they not feel like doing it? Did Netflix not feel like doing it? Did, did. Were we waiting? What were they waiting on? There's just a little bit of movie magic that I would like to maintain. That's fair. Yeah. Do you have your theories of who you think the father is? I do. Are you gonna tell me?


Well, there are two theories and, and either one I'll just speak as a producer type now. Okay. Could, could send the story forward. It could be the Wiki who she fools around with in the, in that storyline it could be Logan. And either way it's juicy. Either way it's juicy. Yeah, that's fair. I know because it's some, it could be some one night stand, which then what does that do to her relationship to the guy she's maybe, you know, was gonna go down that path or it could be could be him. This is Good T Okay. You obviously also starred in another one of my favorite shows.


Parenthood. I can't tell you how many times I have rewatched that show. Really? Oh my God. 'cause That's what I was gonna wonder is, is that a rewatch in the way? It's not in the same way different, but I don't hear that as much that people rewatch it Different. I have to really want a show and I that I want to like dive into and like feel something. Yes. Like I can't do that when I'm like stressed with work and I'm like all, I'm like Gilmore Girls when I, I go through it like every few years. Yeah. My mom and I will be like, are you starting it again? I'm starting it again. You're starting it. I love that. Oh, then I'm gonna start it again. Yeah. You playing episode one tonight. Okay. I'm playing and we like live on opposite sides of the country, so I'm like, go go. And then we like gush over it and it's the best.


How would you describe your relationship with that cast? Well, I mean varied. Oh Right, yeah, yeah, yeah. And but predominantly like, just, it was, it was The most easy filming experience, which you bond to some degree no matter what. But when something's easy and, and, and you're just have a lot of time to just sit around and chit chat. Like, that's just so fun. How lucky were we that we got to, you know, make this show where it was a very different way of working and it was a much looser kind of way of working and they each have their merit and they each like belong to the kind of show it is.


And I just love, I just love everybody truly. And, and you know, in particular had the fortune of May and Miles being ch ch child of mine adjacent, like they're incredible friendships that have, that have lasted. And you know, my friendship with Dax, I don't see him as much, but like, there's just some really wonderful people. Every scene was so much fun to do. It was just really fun. I was recently with Dax and Kristen and I was like, Dax, can you just give me like 20 minutes?


Just gimme 20 minutes. And Kristen, I apologize, we need to talk about parenthood. Yeah. He's like, ask me anything, let's go. I'm going one by one. I'm like, tell me this. Tell me. Because it's as a fan, that world that was built of that family and the chaos and the beauty and the pain and the fun. Like you can't help but feel one part of yourself and your own family in it. Yeah. Or two, it really does kind of take you out of your own bullshit that you're dealing with and you're like, oh, this family is fucking insane. I love it. Yeah. Like, but you also wanna be a part of it. And there was such pride, I'll say amongst the cast. Everybody in their own family unit really had their own thing and their own kind of language, their own way.


They did things and, and you know, so it was easy when we'd all get together to have these sort of organic conflicts and, you know, ribbing and kind of fun and like, it's a really Good group. Okay. I know this is a little broad, but if you have anything that comes to mind, like looking back at your time on that show, is there any memory or story or moment you can share with us that really sticks with you to this day when you like think back at that time of your life? I mean there's, there, there is just a strange thing Mae Whitman and I have, which is like, it's like we are speaking some twin language and there were many, many scenes with her almost to the degree that I was like, this must stop.


We cannot continue. I'd have a tiny little maybe tear in my eye. She'd be like, Nope, nope. Don't do it. Don't do it. And like, you know, I think of like when we were singing, playing guitar and stuff and like, you know, she improvised a line one day where she said, she said, you're my hero. And I'm pretty sure she just like came up with that and like, it's just a weirdo kind of connection that, you know, we're having right now. Oh my God. Literal. We're both about to start crying if you're listening to this. We both Have tears In our eyes. Oh my. I was wondering like how much in parenthood and in Gilmore girls are you kind of improvising certain lines?


Gilmore girls never. Okay. And parenthood sometimes and you know, but, and both just have their merit


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. I have been so into taking little weekend trips this year and when I start to get stressed at work and know I need a vacay, I open up Airbnb. Okay. Matt and I are about to go away for the weekend and I found the cutest coziest home on Airbnb for us. I need to make sure I can travel with my dogs. Henry and Bruce are not getting left behind. Okay. And Airbnb makes it so easy to find pet friendly properties on a romantic getaway. Having our own home ensures that Matt and I will have the privacy that we truly need to unwind. I feel like I'm nonstop talking all day, so when I do get a break, I don't wanna see or speak to anyone but my husband. Okay. I also love that Airbnb shows guest reviews. I am someone who is on the page scrolling through every single review a place has. And seeing that so many people have stayed outta home and loved the experience makes me feel secure When I'm booking a place, no matter where I wanna drive off to on a random weekend, I'm always able to find an incredible place to stay. And if you just wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where to go yet, let Airbnb make the decision for you. They have a guest favorites tab that might inspire you and perhaps even create a new tradition. As you book your 2025 travel. My number one tip is to check out Airbnb to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip.


As women, we are constantly on the move. We're doing so many things, we are juggling life. And if you are gonna wear all the hats, daddy Yang at least have a wardrobe that helps Check all your boxes. Travis Matthew creates versatile products designed to help you look and feel your best no matter the activity. From sunrise coffees to school pickups to dinner dates, experience a pant truly made for all day every day. And no matter where your day goes, you can stay in perfect comfort in the cloud collection. You might fall in love, but that's okay. Rewards members receive free shipping and free returns. You guys know I am quite literally all about comfort. Like I feel like I live my life by being like, am I putting this on and am I going to be comfortable? That's how I know if I'm putting it on, I must be comfortable. And Travis Matthew hits in the comfort but versatility department, I totally understand. You need to have something, even if you're going to a meeting, can you wear this and also lounge in it. That is the true master of comfort. Travis Matthew Apparel designed for confidence and comfort no matter where the day takes you, visit travis matthew.com and receive 20% off your first order when you sign up for email, that's T-R-A-V-I-S-M-A-T-H-E w.com.


In your early career, the press would criticize you for being single and not dating. How did those comments back then affect you? Oh God. I mean, always feels weird to be asked and many times I was lying because it's such a strange thing to talk about, which I still mainly don't talk about like something that you don't know what's gonna happen. I think some people are built for it, some people don't find it personally vulnerable. And it was also, I have to say it, it wasn't my focus at the time, so it felt strange.


Like I'm a working person and I'm, I'm in a career and like, I don't know, this was odd. Would you Consider yourself a very private person or would you just consider the career that you're in To public? Yeah. Yeah, I think a little bit of both. I also think I have led in some ways, you know, an unconventional, like certain, there, there is a age at which most a lot of people do the same thing. There's an age at which a lot of people get married. There's an age at which a lot of people have kids and then there are, there are people who just are not on that timing.


And so I don't know whether to be the spokesperson for that or like apologetic about that or like, I don't know. No, I could see that being annoying because what I, what I appreciate about what I do for a living is I get to sit down with like mostly incredible women. I mostly interview women and something that I talked about recently with, I forget who I was just talking about this with, which was like timelines and how we all have something in our head growing up of like, this is my story. Like I, and I was always the person that was like, I'm never getting married. I'm never getting married. When I met my now husband who I just recently got married to, I literally said to him, we will never get married.


And he was like, okay, like chill. And I was like, it's, you can't change my mind. I just wanna be really upfront about That. And then what changed your mind? I think because I recognized that when I knew he earnestly meant it, that he would be with me for the rest of his life without us signing a legal document, without me having a physical ring on my finger. All of that. And it was months and months of him never bringing it up. And he would even, he would even say like my partner like this, that I saw the level of respect that he had for what I had initially wanted. And then I went into therapy and reevaluated why was I so intent on not wanting to get married?


And I would consider myself a very like strong, independent woman who I've always been career driven. Like, I am gonna go for this until the end and I'm gonna still be working then until someone rips me outta the chair. And I was always worried that especially as a woman, it would threaten a man and I didn't think I could do both. Yep. And when I started to have a partner that allowed me to do that, I was like, fuck, I was wrong. I think it's interesting because I did not have a timeline. Okay. And until like the, the, I I, I just didn't have a timeline. I, I think a little bit growing up the way I did with my mom, not, not that mothers give this necessarily to people, but now I'm like obsessed with timeline in a, in a way that I think is really positive because I'm now at an age where I want to be planning what else I would like in my life.


I, I want to be thinking really actively about that. I think I was mainly in relationships where it didn't really occur to me to say, this is what I would like, this is not what I would not like. I thought that happened just organically. And it doesn't always, and, and like, like I love all the matchmaking shows. Hard, hard left. I, and I love them because there's like, it's, you know, we're all working within a system, right? Like we're all learning the way a podcast works the way a TV show works or the what we wanna do next or how you create a show or all that kind of stuff. Everything has a system including being a person on this planet, including being in a relationship, including being in a career and juggling that with like what else you wanna do.


And I don't know why some fundamental like being, I don't know it whether it was, I just didn't think that you had to say those things out loud. And I think like you're describing the process of you, the two of you, kind of what you did in that, in your relationship is you met over a shared value and you didn't have it at first maybe. Or you had a different thought about it and then you grew and changed. And I'm sure he did too. And that's relationship. And that's the one thing you cannot predict when you go in is are we going to grow and change and have values that keep aligning?


And, and, and the only way you have that is by talking about it, being open about it, being honest about it. And you know, I think it's why again, hard left, why so many housewife shows. I love this. I love it. Why you see these things, you know, you, we were watching in sort of real ish time or whatever degree we believe it's real. You can see things crumble when people did people change, people change and you don't know and you don't know. No, that's such a good point of like, when people are so perplexed by like, well how did it not work? And how, and it's like, oh, I think it makes complete sense. Yeah. Every time something doesn't work because either one person's not growing with the other or they're both growing in complete opposite directions or they're the exact same and life happens.


Yeah. And you can't stay the same if you're not like, you know what I mean? It's like yeah, a pretty sad feeling when things end. But in my opinion, when I look back at previous relationships I had, I was never asking the questions. Right. And then this was the first relationship I actually was like, oh, I think I'm gonna be honest with him and see if he can handle it. Because the men I had dated prior to him, I knew I could never say that. Right. Because it wouldn't have worked for the men that I was dating. And I think I'd be curious to know from you, like I struggled a lot of being a woman with a career and really loving my career and being confident in it. And I know a lot of women listening experiences like men can be terrified and emasculated and feel like, how can I handle such like a competent, confident, competent woman?


Like how, how has that impacted you? I just, I, I tended in the earlier days to I dated maybe guys who were great but who weren't as in their careers. And I would feel apologetic about that more than, I don't know. So I would maybe tamp my thing down a little bit and not try to com not compete, but like not, I didn't want them to feel bad kind of thing. Yeah, it is. It's really tricky. But I, I will say, you know, like I, I think I was supportive to one of my sisters when, you know, she was dating her now husband.


I was like, ask for this, that, and this. And, and it, it's like the TV show thing. If we all knew how to do it perfectly, every relationship would be perfect. Yeah. Because there's also giving something time to grow and there's also, you know, not going in guns blazing. Like this is what I want when you haven't established like a foundation yet. But That's so relatable, what you just said of like, trying to not intimidate the person you you're with. And I do feel, and I know this is like, not every statement is just like 100%, but I Bet it's rare that a man is like trying to dim his success to make the woman feel comfortable that she's maybe not as high up in her career of who they're together.


But you sitting here, I've done it too, where like I'm having such success and the guy that I'm dating, I'm like, oh my God, he is gonna actually, like, he's not gonna be able to, you just feel it, you know, their threshold and you have to dim yourself down. Yeah. And you don't come home and say, holy shit, I had the best fucking day at work. Right. Because they're like standing there like, well whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Why are you shining so bright? And I'm over here feeling like a piece of shit, which Is another thing that I wouldn't have thought. Like, I don't feel that way in, in like, I'm happy for my friend's success and happy for my partner's success and, and, but I get it, I get it if I get it, especially in your twenties and thirties and maybe even forties when like you're still trying to get to the thing you wanted to get.


And it's hard when, you know, you see somebody else shoot ahead and, and you, it's not that you don't want it for them, you want it for yourself. And now I just, I really wanna have a good day at work. I am like not, I don't have the, whatever that drive was that I really, really, that CK put me in all those jobs and I didn't care. I was gonna kill, kill myself at work until I could get to an audition, until I could get something like, I think it's age appropriate not to have that as much anymore. I, I got beyond my wildest dreams. Isn't that incredible that I can say that? I, I, I just thought I was gonna be like in a regional theater company in Washington, DC which still would be a dream.


And I got this part that we're here talking about. Like, that is so moving to me that I just kind of wanna just enjoy my days now, you know, of, of work. And now I'm, I'm more interested in the creative vision about of, of something or like, you know, I I am wanna direct my friend's book than turn it into a movie. Like it's just, I wanna be in partnership that is in every way that is fun. I think that's an incredible place to get to because I do think like that in a lot of people. We all feel it where you're like, everyone's got that thing individually that you're like, if I get this, I know I work so hard and I deserve it and I'm gonna get it.


And then once you get it, then you're like, okay, now what's next? Right. And it's a beautiful thing to keep going and, but it's also, it's a lot because yeah, then once you get what you want, you Gotta move the needle. And Do you ever feel like you're, like when you were in that kind of like race with yourself, did you ever feel like shit, I need to not slow down, but did you ever feel like people were like, you did it, like you accomplished it? Like No, I don't think anyone gives it gives you that. I think you have to give it to yourself. Like, I remember I was dating some actor and I was in a really busy time. It was maybe like second, third year of Gilmore Girls where not only were the days really busy, but then weekends and doing talk shows or whatever else was going on at the time.


And I was like, I just don't, I'm tired. I don't wanna do it. And, and, and hi, his advice was interesting and we were sort of peers. He was like, don't you kind of have to ri ride this while it's happening. You can't step off this train because it's hard to get back on, like go do the photo shoot. You don't feel like doing, you know, like you now is that great advice. I don't know. But it, it, it was, when something's going you that is an opportunity. It will come around again probably. But it, there is, there are times when you're working harder than you want to and then you, but it's like the relationship thing.


You have to keep reevaluating. Does this feel good? I have my friend Jenny Hahn has this thing that I always forget what the third one is. It's basically like, am I doing this just for fun? Am I doing this as maybe an act of service or for a, you know, as a some somebody I wanna help out, is it worth it? And that can mean financially, that can mean it's going to help your career. That can mean, you know, but you don't have to just say yes endlessly. You know, When you're talking about like, reevaluating things, like, I agree and I think that's great advice for people listening of like, you always have to be like rechecking in with yourself and if you are dating or you're in a relationship, what is something that you've realized that you're not willing to compromise on?


I mean, so many things. It's, it, it is first of all, I think in the beginning something should be easy. It should not be, I don't know they're gonna call like any of that kind of gamesmanship. I think, I think I have a great sense of how I connect to somebody physically, intellectually humor. I really love a certain level of like back and forth banter. You know, I love, like I know that and I think the thing I know now better is also like, how are we going to live this life together?


And it's interesting, all my friends my age, some are still married for a long time. Some have been in the dating world, the people who are the happiest are doing what they want to do and being really clear upfront. Like I, you know, I have a friend who's like, I don't really think I'm gonna get married again. I, you know, I, and I just wanna be having fun and out there. And so I just think, and that is a gift of age if you let it be, which is you can just say what you would like and there's no amount of, you can't love somebody into being who you want them to be or, you know, wanting the, the same things.


And I think, not to put women in a stereotype, but I, I think it, it's easy to be like, if I just dot, do dot then he'll dot dot. And I, I don't think that works. It definitely does.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by, say, when it comes to makeup and skincare, you want formulas that work and you wanna feel good about what you're putting on your face, say is entering the chat with their elevated effortless makeup that's high performing clean, And of course, easy to use. I remember the first time that I was introduced to say, my friend Jackie was visiting me, she was doing her makeup in my bathroom. And I was like, why wait, why does your skin look so good? And she was like, wait, you've never tried this? And ever since then I have say, in my beauty routine, you've probably seen their number one bestseller and AUR winner glowy super gel all over TikTok. Think of it as your secret weapon for that lit from within. No makeup, makeup glow, ak the signature say glow and get on board with say's slip tin, SPF 35 tinted moisturizer. And there are iconic liquid cream dew blush two. That is the one that I was introduced to at first was the tinted moisturizer. I was like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. It looks like you're not wearing makeup but you look gorgeous. Boom, boom, boom. Guys, try it out for yourself. And the glowy super gel. Now everyone wants that like fresh, clean makeup aesthetic. This is going to help you achieve it. And with a do blush boom you're in. So look for that signature lilac packaging and just say, say shop, say exclusively available at Sephora and say hello.com. That's SAIE hello.com.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Kleenex, UltraSoft tissues. Oh, when I think about the spring arising, right, I'm like, I need Kleenex tissues more than ever. Right now here's the thing. Matt and I, Matt's got allergies, okay? And when we're outside, I've got those things in my purse ready to go, and I'm not now worried. It is the time of the year the flowers are blooming and the birds are chirping. And also that time when allergies can test you and show up when you lease expect. But with Kleenex, ultra soft tissues, you can be ready to face them, whether it's sneezes or watery eyes. You don't wanna be caught without a tissue on hand to help Kleenex. Ultra soft tissues are gentle on eyes and noses there for all the moments at home and on the go that allergies can disrupt this allergy season. Be better prepared with Kleenex, ultra soft tissues, which is AIST approved. So you can go on with your day. Life and allergies can both be unpredictable, but you can be prepared for that time of year by making sure you always got Kleenex. Ultra soft tissues ready for whatever happens next. Grab Kleenex.


We need your advice. People listening, we can use your wisdom. I'm gonna give you a scenario and you're gonna tell me what advice you would give the person. Okay? Okay. What is your advice for someone who feels unfulfilled by their job and wants to make a change but is too nervous to start over? Well, is there something besides starting over that can give you fulfillment that is a project you have that is not dependent on outside validation? I really, as a writer, have gotten an incredible amount of satisfaction in just the practice of, of putting these books together.


You get better the more you do something no matter what. No matter what. Like, you don't have to be, I just took up tennis this year. Oh, I'm terrible, but I practice and I get better. And that is such a basic thing that really because of tennis really became new to, to me. And, and the writing is that too. I just get better with doing more. And so job, you're nine to five or nobody works nine to five anymore, but your job is one piece of you can it, can it, can you give yourself something else so that you know, I mean, it's hobbies, it's you know, travel, it's reading, it's whatever else.


It's great Advice. What would you tell someone who is struggling to connect with their friends? Because they're all in different life phases. I really get that. It's, it, they, they will end. I, I talked, I've talked about before when I finished Gilmore Girls and I was like, anybody who's, who's up for dinner? No one. Everybody had children and well, I was gone. Like, everybody was in a different life phase. That's what I mean. I have often been out of that step. And I think one thing is you have to meet your friend where they are and like go over to the house and play with the toddler and like understand that you, you don't, you guys don't have the same hours, but the, the kids eventually go to college.


I know you're saying the kids eventually go to sleep. You're like college. Those fuckers are gone now. Well I have like all my, you know, when I get to go home, my high school girlfriends are like, their kids are gone now. And like, it's, it's almost like, it's one of the many, many things I loved about the Bridget Jones movie and books. But this most recent one is like, she's back in the dating scene because, you know, she, she for happy and sad reasons can be, it's, it's always the same. We're all, you know, it, it's like you keep meeting the same challenges and, and in life. True. Okay. What would you say to someone who feels like they put all of their focus on their career and is now worried that they're falling behind in their dating life?


I mean, there's really just no fo the only falling behind is in your mind. You know, I used to, I skipped a grade when I was little and, and for a long time I was like, I have an extra year. There's no such thing. Like, I was like, I have an extra year with before I'm the same age as people who are a year ahead of me. Like it that's there, there is only what you tell yourself. And, and you know, if you've seen any Nancy Meyers movies, you know that there's people come around at, at different ages, but it is hard when you're not with your peer group. But Can we talk about the essay that you wrote for Time Magazine about aging? Yeah. And you talk about how you found the humor Yeah. In aging as a woman. Yeah.


Which I thought was such a unique, beautiful take that I loved reading. What inspired you to write a piece like that? I guess being asked about aging. Like I am, I I was talking about this today with my, with some people. You and I are having this experience. We are having this conversation. We are different ages someday. When you are my age and you are talking to someone who is now your age, you will not feel the difference as much. I think the younger person feels the difference more than the older person. I am the same person.


I, I think it's psychotic the number of years I have lived on this planet. I'm like, surely that's a miscount. Surely that's wrong. It doesn't, it genuinely does not feel that way. As opposed to when I was 30, I was like, I feel 30. Like I, I I understood 40. This now is like, I just don't accept it. And, and that, that's funny. And the stuff that, 'cause mainly I'm just living the same life. There are some things where you go, oh, I fell and, you know, broke a thing and like the recovery took a little longer or whatever. So, but I am amazed at the people I know who, who are giving into a sense of sadness about getting older or not feeling the same way they did.


I meet that by, not in a brutal way, but like, I fight that, I fight the urge to be like, ugh. I just even don't even like when, you know, friends are like, Ugh, well I'm so old I can't remember that. You know, whatever. Like it's, I think it's just also my mom passed at age 61. Like, I'm not that far away from that. Like, I don't wanna be living in, in Worry. No, I completely agree with what you're saying. And I had a conversation recently with Ellen Pompeo and she and I were talking a little bit about how women obviously like, we're the ones that it's like, oh, she's, she's getting older and it's, and then you hit 30 and it's like, Oh right.


Oh Right. And you're like, what? Like, I've never felt better and from what I'm taking from every woman I keep talking to is, holy shit, forties are the best. Yeah. Oh my god. And if you had told me that in 20, I would've been like, wait forties old and what? But it's like every person I'm talking to, it feels like women are just getting better with age. And it's what society is freaking women out about of like how you look, because of course that's the only thing they think that we care about is our fucking looks. Right. And it's like, how, what do you think is the best part of getting older? I wrote this in a, a another essay, which is I know what I want and I'm grateful for what I have.


That is the best thing about it to me. And, and I and the fun. You can make it fun if you plan what's next. Like as much as you can you think about so that it doesn't, 'cause I think the, you know, I, I went to the theater on Sunday here in Los Angeles, which is unusual and 90% of the audience was older, like way much, much older, which you don't see in la And I just found it fascinating. Like, like what is that gonna be like? I, I like to think about that. I like to plan for that. I like to imagine what kind of, well that's a stylish lady in her perhaps seventies.


Like what do, how do I want to approach that so that I'm not scared by it, I'm not freaked out by it and I'm not depressed because it truly is all the things people say of like, you should be so lucky to be in all those places. And Yeah. And the how you look thing is like, I don't know, It's so tired. Yeah. Like It's, how do you think men and women handle aging differently? I've actually heard from, I think it's a vulnerable thing for guys too. And there is like, popular opinion would say they have it easier. But I think it's, it's if you identified as a beauty of either man or woman as as a younger person, I think it's the, the loss might be greater.


Like my mom was a stunningly beautiful person who literally turned heads on the street. I did not grow up with that. I'm not saying whatever. I, I just didn't have that identity. That was not my thing. So it's not still, still not my thing. Like it's not, I don't feel the loss of like that being treated that way. And even in relationship, I never like met someone across a crowded room. I was friends with them or I worked with them or I, it was organic. Like it was just, I, you know, would fall for the person and they would fall for me. And so I think that makes it a little bit easier. Yeah. Why I wanted to bring this whole conversation though up about aging and the different generations is obviously because of your new show, I think there's this like huge conversation obviously about like Gen Z and it's like an interesting, it's interesting like even just like us talking about you even saying like, we're a different age.


Like you take on the Z suite, like what drew you to this role? 'cause this is different. I'm, so it's different. That's the, that was one of the main things. Okay. I like, I liked that this, first of all, it's a comedy. I really, this is how I would like to spend my days now. I feel that I cannot touch the beauty that is Gilmore Girls. I really love that dramedy fam parenthood space. I did start in half hour and it was so fun to just do something that was a little more big and, and look at female bosses because it's a trope of a kind.


And like that was there. But I was also like, this is so relatable to anybody when the thing you have worked for is taken away, whether it was your fault or somebody else is coming up behind you or like, you know, or somebody's better at it. That is just evolution. That's just being a human on this planet. Like nothing lasts forever. And, and so, and then I love the showrunner, you know, now again, like I said, it's putting all the pieces together. I'm not just responding to the part I'm responding to. What's this experience gonna be? Do I get to have a say in creative conversation?


And like, and also that it was, you know, we're the first scripted programming for to be original scripted programming. And I was like, that's fun. And I just wanna say probably the kids know, but people still say to me, oh, I can't have another subscription. It's free. You just download it. You, you know, put your email in if you wanna save stuff. But it's so easy, the interface and it's, and it's, it's very, it doesn't cost you anything. I love that you're talking also about the character of like being good at something, but then questioning if you're good at it because if you're getting replaced or what's happening, like that's like again, a conversation That one, I love the point of a woman being at the top because we still don't see that, that often.


Still how crazy And two though, like being pushed out in a moment where you're probably also feeling like you're at your best. Yeah. Like right when I feel like you're starting to hit your stride is when they want to then replace the women with a younger woman. Yes. Which is such a crazy fucking concept. Yes. 'cause you're like, wait, no, I, I just had to get, wait, how am I already not in the conversation anymore, but it's, it Endlessly and it's not just women, it's, we, we are not to be real esoteric. We we will be replaced. Yeah. You and I will not be here forever. Bye. And that is, that's how it goes. Yeah. And so that's true in work in life.


Yeah. I remember I did a pilot that didn't get picked up and the one of the younger cast was like, she was like, so is this gonna get picked up? And I was like, oh, I have no idea. You know? And she's like, what do you mean they don't tell you? And I'm like, no, they don't know. Nobody knows. And nobody tells me. And she's like, so she, you could see her like think she was like, so this just keeps happening over and over where like, you do something and then you see if it goes and then, you know, you don't know how that's gonna turn out. And I was like, yeah. Like you don't, you don't get to a place where it's just a slam dunk in, in life in, you know, relationship and work. What do you hope people take away from the show? Honestly, I just hope they have a good time. I mean, I've seen it, it is truly makes fun of everybody.


No one is woke or doing a great job. That's, to me a fun comedy if everyone's silly. And I think there's something there that we haven't, you know, that, that does sort of, that is in the zeitgeist of like, do kids know not kids, but I call them the kids on the, on the show. I'm sure they're so irritated. I'm like, where are the kids? Are the kids coming to lunch? They're all like, you know, 29 years old. But so, you know, there, there's something there because it, we're living in various kinds of times, but on the one hand, a really expressive time where, you know, people can bring themselves to work.


At least they do here. And like I, this character does not understand what language they're speaking. And I just think that's relatable. No. Lauren, thank you so much for coming on. This was a pleasure sitting down with you. You're so incredible. You, your life is so inspiring and everything you've done. And I feel like whenever I get to sit down with someone that I have admired and been inspired by and I get to watch, and then I get to like, get to know them as like a real human being. It is why I do my job. Like this is so fun for me. And I just thank you for taking the time because I know you're a busy woman. Well, Thank you. And I loved this conversation and I, I just loved being asked these questions and, and being included in, in this whatever this journey is gonna be for you.


So congratulations and thank you for inviting me.


Thanks to Lieb by Eve St. Laurent for sponsoring today's episode. Make a statement with Lieb Lnu, the fragrance that sets you apart. Shop now at Sephora.


Welcome back to Listen to Your Heart. I'm Jerry And I'm Jerry's heart. Today's topic, Repatha Evolocumab heart. Why'd you pick this one? Well, Jerry, for people who have had a heart attack, like us, diet and exercise might not be enough to lower the risk of another one. Okay. To help know if we're at risk, why shouldn be getting our LDLC, our bad cholesterol checked and talking to our doctor. I'm Listening. And if it's still too high, Repatha can be added to a statin to lower our LDLC and our heart attack risk. Hmm. Guess it's time to ask about Repatha. Do not take Repatha if you are allergic to it. Serious allergic reactions can occur. Get medical help right away. If you have trouble breathing or swallowing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, throat, or arms. Common side effects include runny nose, sore throat, common cold symptoms, flu or flu-like symptoms, back pain, high blood sugar, and redness, pain or bruising at the injection site. Listen To your heart. Ask your doctor about Repatha. Learn more@repatha.com or call 1-844-REPATHA.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justice is within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden, everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.