
What is up. Daddy Gang. it is your founding father Alex Cooper With Call Her. Daddy Daddy. Daddy Daddy Leah. Welcome to Call. Her. Daddy. What's up daddy? No, we're already up to no good. We haven't even fucking Started on brand. Okay. First of all, you're a Leo. Fuck yeah, I'm a Leo. Should we just end the podcast here? Before the world Burns, Leah and I have already been basically podcasting downstairs and we were like, we need to shut the fuck up and we need to get upstairs. We were basically saying, do you think you cannot date your own sign? You Know, me personally, I don't think I can date my own sign.


Now, does that speak for anyone else? Maybe they have better experiences. Me personally, a re a Leo man like ruined my life for like five years. So five years I think I'd like to steer clear of that. But Wait five years. Yeah, I was getting embarrassed worse than Rob did me for five years.


This episode of Call Her Daddy is presented by Azo. Caring for your intimate health issues is completely normal and should be treated as such. The Azo brand has a range of products designed to help balance your vaginal pH and protect your vaginal health. Visit azo products.com and save 20% with the code podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


This episode is brought to you by Botox cosmetic on eum toxin A. Did you know Botox cosmetic has been FDA approved for over 20 years? But here's the cherry on top. Botox cosmetic has an official loyalty program called Alle that is spelled A LLE. It's totally free to join and it's accepted at over 24,000 practices across the country. With Ali, you can earn points for Botox cosmetic treatments and get access to exclusive offers. There's even one going on right now to see if you're eligible for the offer and savings on your next Botox cosmetic treatment. You can visit botox cosmetic.com/chd. Talk to your specialist to see if Botox cosmetic is right for you. For prescribing information and box warning, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0 intended for us audiences only.


This episode is brought to you by Hydro Flask. If you're like me, you wanna keep hydrated and express your style everywhere you go. I want good skin. I wanna be radiating. Okay. and I know that comes from being hydrated. And when it comes to keeping refreshed and giving off vibes, hydro Flask has got you. They have loads of colors and designs to match whatever your vibe is. You can even create your own unique Hydro flask choosing the color for your cap strap, bottle and boot. And you can even engrave it. Okay. Just choose your style on the My Hydro customized page and you can bring it to the beach. You can take it on walks, you can have it on your desk. So Daddy Gang with new styles dropping all the time. Check out Hydro flask.com.


You are literally The most loved person on the internet right now. Is any of this like registering? No, I haven't even been in LA for 24 hours, but I'm with the best person I could be. Okay. To be fair, I need to just fucking say this. Rob was fabulous, but everyone's like fucking roasting me in the comments like, why aren't you having Leah? First of all, Rob got eliminated first. He got on the plane immediately and came here. They Wanted me on here Leah. But the president wants you on there. Like everyone wants you on there. Like, what the fuck? Everyone wants to talk to you. Yes. It Is crazy because the energy shift from how it was in the villa to how people are receiving me out here is something I you, I, I'm sure you could tell on the reactions in my face every time that I got voted for America's Favorite, I was genuinely shocked.


It wasn't like, oh, like let me put on a show. I literally was like gagged. Like I was like, how the, what the fuck? Okay, because I was gonna say, I think a lot of fucking people were really pissed that they were like, why is Leah getting such a bad edit? Like, do the producers want her to be a villain? There were so many different conspiracy theories. So it felt like that also in the villa, that you were having a tough time. I was having a very tough time in the Villa. There were I, there were times where I pulled like head production aside and I said, I don't wanna be here anymore. There were three instances I can remember where I literally said like, I'm not having fun anymore. I have to go. The reason that I did stay was Serena. She's the one who convinced me to stay and Janae.


So I think that they could convince that like, you guys were so fucking cute. Which we'll get to. Hold on. Tell me the three moments. One of them was after. So one that I remember The most recent one was when Kendall dropped the weight on Rob's face, for least trustworthy guy in that one challenge. And Rob and I were in a good place at that point and it just felt like everyone was still, everyone was talking about Rob and I except for Rob and I and we just were trying to move past it, but it felt like we just couldn't in the villa and it just was something that would not go away. and I was so frustrated, like after that challenge, like I'm, you can pro, I haven't watched a thing of the show yet, but I'm sure you could see like an energy shift in my face.


and I literally sat on the floor crying for like an hour saying like, I can't be here anymore. I want Rob. Like, I literally was like, please send me home. Bring Andrea back for Rob if Rob, please, please, please. I said that. I said, if that's what's gonna make everyone in this villa happy, I thought it felt like I was like, I literally was like scared. Like I, after the the dumping, like I literally was like, I'm in like this is bad. Like bad Leah. Why do you think everyone was so obsessed with like you and Rob And like making these comments? I think they liked, I think everyone in the village just from like how Rob and I got each other just from the start.


I think especially now that I'm looking at everything, I think him and I just clicked really quickly. Like that's why when girls would come in and be like, my gosh, like he's so timid, like ooh, so mysterious. And I'm like, is he like, I was having a ball like from day one, like we were just like fucking around. Like he was never giving like shy, timid. You weren't getting the onion. I Was, yeah. I said the onion was peeled when I got it, so, So people were like shipping you guys a lot And, like wanted you guys to work and you were like, it's literally not happening, so Like let it go. Yeah. Even the, like even some of the islanders, like they were literally like, we want you guys to like come back story of the year. Like they would be like, you know, you still have feelings for him, he still has feelings for you.


Like let's get to it. But I'm like, I can't, I like, I can't Why I was so miserable. Like I feel like in relationships normally I'm always waiting for the other shoe to drop or I'm in constant fight or flight mode where it feels like they're about to fuck me over. Like I felt like I'm always wait. I feel like I'm always waiting for something bad to happen. And it felt like that on steroids with Rob and then it did happen and then it felt even worse and I literally wanted to go home and die. But then it just was like night and day with Miguel.


Like he literally changed my experience in there. I actually owe him so, so, so much, like more than I could put into words. Can you describe your relationship with him? Our friendship from the moment he came in? Yeah, we were friends. I remember the first night he came in, he was sitting in bed with me and Serena and we were talking for like 20 minutes with him and we were just like dying laughing. And he was sleeping across from me that night in the morning and we were like talking again. But like our friendship that grew, we would joke around so much and I feel like there were so many like little moments that we started to be like, no, I think, I think I like him more.


And he was like, he was, there were so many moments where he was like, I liked you, but I didn't know if you liked me back. And he was like, I didn't know if I could like, I should say anything And. like I was like, I like him but I didn't know if I should say anything. And so he is probably one of my favorite people that like I've ever met. I think that him coming into the villa was like game changer. Even I said like even if he came in and he was just my friend, like I would've been happy just because how amazing he is. I think that I have to credit him for a big part of myself in the villa.


He, it was night and day the way I acted. Yeah, like night and day. I think he brings out the best in me and I think like we and I feel like I bring out the best in him and I think he is just like, honestly the wisest, most amazing person you'll ever meet. I think I have. He's like, I always joke, I'm like, he's like, I have nothing bad to say about him, which kind of scares me. But like, again, he's so blunt too. Like I can't, like I respected how fucking honest he was.


Like, he was so honest from every step of the way. Like at first he was like, I don't know if this is gonna go anywhere. And then we started like more and more and then it became more and more and then more. And then it was like, but he was honest the whole way through, which is like, all I could ask her, that's all we want. That's all you want is honesty. Like, that's it. And so, yeah, no, Miguel is to think for, for like probably 80% of me and the villa. He made my time in there from when we were coupled up, even during Casa, all of it. Like he made my time in there what I felt like it was supposed to be the whole time he made me feel like I was permanently blushing.


He made me feel like he was literally like, I saw that Liv said he was like my protector in the Villa And. like, he literally was like, I feel like he was everything and more and I'm so, so, so appreciative of him. Like it, I I have like no words. You guys obviously didn't make anything official when you were in the villa. Like what's the vibe, what's happening? I think we just wanna like enjoy our time together. I think I love our relationship because we don't put pressure on it. It's like very organic, which is what we both like. Yeah. And so I think we're, we're just, yeah, I'm excited to like be out in the real, we haven't done it's like so difficult.


'cause it's like on one end it's like, okay, yeah, like your boyfriend and girlfriend in the villa. But then imagine coming out here and you don't know how these people act like at a restaurant or like how they act at the club. You don't know what their social media even looks like. Like you don't know any of this stuff. So like, I think just learning each other outside of the villa is gonna be so much fun because I love everything I learned in the villa. Okay. There's so much to go through. I know. I'm like, hold on, rewind. We're gonna go through all of this. Yeah. How did you even get on Love Island? So I got on Love Island. Like I've been wanting, I, I feel like I like have been saying like, you know, it would be fun to go on there. Like why not try whatever. and I did, I sent an application like I think last year and then I remember this year I got a text from one of the casting people and they were like, Hey, like would you be, or maybe Instagram or text or something that they were like, Hey, like we wanna talk to you.


Can you fill out the application again? And like, they were like, you know, whatever. And then from there, like we had a video call and then from there it was literally, ball was fully rolling When you saw you have over a million followers. Oh my God, I was shocked. I borderline like, I literally was like, I probably have like no Instagram after getting reported so much because They're like, this must must be a bot. They're like, get this. No. Like get this fucking like she's Buying her Followers. Yeah. Like I was like, oh my. Yeah. People keep saying I'm buying my Fal or that I was buying my f how I was in the villain. I didn't have a fucking phone. So how was I buying it? Who was buying them? My mom.


So bear me. No, no, no. It was, it's so iconic to see. and I was so upset for you because when the tweet was shown to you, like I saw so many oh my God. No, dude, when the tweet was shown to you, everyone online was going batch it. They were like, where did they find that? Bottom of the barrel tweet. Like Everyone the tweet read me to Filth though. They It did, it did. I was doing self fucking reflection after that tweet. I literally sat on the bathroom floor and it was the off-camera bathroom and it's literally had roaches floating in the water and everything. It was like this filthy little number. And I'm sitting on the floor just thinking about everything. I'm like, that was like a pivoting moment for me. I was like, it it like cha like, come on girl, can you like, you're about to be 25 queen, like laie, let's not call men pussy bitches.


Like there are better ways to communicate. Is There, is there though, can you tell people what this there is? There is. There is. Sorry, I'm done. No, no. There Is. Oh, I can't even repeat the tweet because of how long it was. And then when they read it back to me in Beach, hu I kid you not, first of all she was reading. It was like a minute long. Everyone else had like one sentence like, Like, I don't know. She's like, dear Leah, you are a Pizza. Oh. And then at the gag of it all was at the end they go and the list goes on. I say, oh, oh, I thought we got everything off our chest. We're still going To anyone that for some reason didn't watch that episode. Basically the tweet was like so aggressive towards Leah. Meanwhile all of us knew outside of the villa that we're like living in real world we're like, you were the favorite.


And it was crazy to see that you're getting like dragged when it was really like, princess Leah, we Love You is what the tweet should have been like, tweet that. That's good. Tweet I got is how I felt in the villa. And then that's when Rob at movie night said, now that tweet makes sense. and I said, yeah, it does. Because that's how like, I was feeling like that everyone thought that of me in the villa because I kept like, I feel like I was trying to do everything in like such a respectful And like right manner that it felt like things just kept getting fucked up. And Did you at any point be like, I can't believe I put my, like my life and my family And like my personal like Yes. Self involved in this craziness?


Yes. Yes. Like is my life gonna be fucked? Yes. You had that. That was like a daily thought. I was like, fuck me, I shouldn't have came here. Like, I'm doing weird shit. Like, I'm like ruining lives. Like, I'm like, I was thinking like my dad's like not gonna speak to me again. Like I don't think I'm embarrassing. Oh my gosh, you don't understand Leo. Everyone on on Love Island. Like the way it panned out everyone. So the final four and then Kayla and Aaron and got everyone. So everyone got to speak to their family in some way, manner, or form. Like I remember even Kenny and Janae got letters from their parents from the words of affirmation date. Miguel and I were the only people who didn't get a lick, a lick of our family.


and I said, Hey, so does my family hate Me? Like, did I embarrass them really badly? Or like, why don't they wanna talk to me? Like, like is there a reason Miguel and I didn't get to speak to our family? And Miguel was really upset for me because he was like, everyone got to speak to them. And he was like, he knows I've been dying. Yeah. Like to speak to everyone and especially my sister, dude. So you were like, oh, my family has abandoned me. Yes. I was in full, I was spiraling every day. Okay. There was one day that the psych called me in like three times. I was like, you're like, oh, oh not again. Oh God. And then people would go for like 10, like they would go for like 20 minutes and come out and then they'd, I would be there for like an hour. And like, like, oh, they're worried for me.


We all Fucking shit. And what would you say when you're in those psych sessions? Oh honey, I was spewing garbage out my mouth. The things that woman heard. NDA who? Confidentiality agreement. Who, Okay. So before we get into like the details, details of Love Island, I wanna get to know you a little bit better just as like you prior to Love Island, where did you grow up? Do you grow up here? Yeah, so I'm from Calabasas. Okay. Grew up here. Born. Born and raised in la. Yeah. 24. My birthday's next month though. And yours coming up too. Fuck, we gotta get hammered. August 11th. August 21st. Fuck yeah. Is that like a week apart?


Yeah, 10 days. Yeah. You Need to come to my birthday in the Hamptons. Oh, Can I? We'll talk. You can Because I'm gonna be in New York for the reunion. Yeah, That's like come Yes, come sit next to me. Wait, That. Okay, we'll talk offline. Okay. So are you close with your family? Oh my gosh, I'm the closest with my family. What is your family dynamic? So I have obvious, I was about to say, I have a mom and dad like we all do. Great start. You're Doing great. No. So my mom and dad have been married for like 25 or something years. 30. My, so my parents have been Well your sister's In the room. We can acknowledge. We can acknowledge. Oh, okay. My sister's in the room.


So my parents have been married for 30 years and my, I have an older sister, she's 11 months older than me. And we're really close. We do everything together. Like we always say, we're like attached at the hip and yeah, we are very close. She is like a very large part of the reason, like I am who I am. So I owe a lot of things to her. Yeah, she is a very big part of my life. Have you guys ever liked the same guy? You know What we ha No. Do you know what I'm thinking of? We have like the same guy, but like, It's more of like a passer to the bro situation.


It wasn't like fight, like it was more like a, it was more like a Yeah, like yeah, the homie can hit too. Shut the, your sister's face. Like shut the fuck up. Boyfriend. Boyfriend is literally like, we're done. No, fine. The time. So you, this Was like years ago. Who was with him first? My sister. And she literally said, it's that good. You gotta try it. Your words not mine. Generous. Okay. But it wasn't, it wasn't That good. No. So you like it different. I love that you're like, that's generous from your sister.


Then you're like, what is this? Hand me down Shit. Yeah. No, it wasn't giving hand me down. Okay. Okay. The first time that you smoked was pretty rough. You said it involved you passing out and you trying to convince your parents not to ship you off to rehab. This you my tick dog. You? No. Oh, did I say that on the, on in Long Island too? Where is this, this coming from? Who told you that? Leah. You told it on the internet. You were period on your TikTok. Okay. Yeah. Okay. You saying who said that? Okay. Because I Was telling we Miguel a story about this one time I took edibles, which is a really good one. Okay, go ahead. Tell us out a fam My family. We, so we had, it was during Covid too. So this was like our first, like, it was all, it was like our first time that we were allowed to go out into restaurants.


It was just like a big thing. Okay. I remember this. Yeah, And. like, this was like a big deal, like leaving the house. Like it was like crazy. And so we were like, okay, we're gonna go with like my family, our cousin's family, like their mom, dad, their siblings, whatever. And then our grandmother as well. And so my cousin and I, and she's like a smoker, like she BT, like bongs and all. Okay. Okay. But I'm like, you know what, like let's take some edible And, like let's like get really fucked up and just like, like eat a lot. Yeah. Because like, you know, why not? Yeah. And it was like a sushi restaurant too, but like, yeah. It's not the food you want in your house. No. Yeah. You know, now I'm thinking about it in hindsight probably wasn't the best place, but I, yeah. Anyways, whatever. Whatever. So we go and I think on accident.


I think I read the wrong the the jar wrong because I ended up taking 70 milligrams. oh my God. Yeah. First of all it was like an hour car ride to get there. So like the buildup in the car, like I'm not even there yet. Like I'm thinking like I'm about to get in there and be like hungry. Just like chill in like big, just good vibes. I sit down and all of a sudden and I'm like, like what's like, I'm literally, I'm like in full flight, like, I'm like, what's happening? Like where am I? Who am I? And then like all, and then I'm like, I'm like telling my cousin, I'm like, I have to go to the bathroom. Like I have to go to the bathroom. She's like, go I was like, come with me.


And then my sister, my sister's one of those people. So my sister is sober. Like she doesn't drink or smoke. And like, and I will say though, it's annoying as fuck being around people when you are sober and you are around like drunk or high people are easy to be around, but like if you're, you're around drunk people. Not when I'm high though. Maybe that I, you know, whatever I, it's just like so annoying to be around. So my sister was just like, Leah stop. Right. Like alone, just shut the fuck up. So I'm sitting there like, yeah. And so I was like, I have to go to the bathroom. Like I have to go to the bathroom. Okay. So the restaurant that we're at it, the bathrooms in there mirrors all around. Literally the whole thing is mirrored yes.


Hell on earth for someone on fucking edibles who doesn't smoke at all or take edibles. And I'm looking at all of them. I'm like this, I literally felt like I was in one of those like horror mazes and I felt like something was about to come out the win or the mirror and eat me. And then I come back downstairs and I'm like, I'm tweaking out. I tell my cousin, I said, I have to snitch on myself. I have to, I have to, I have to, I have to. I was like, I have to tell my mom in case I die tonight to tell the paramedics what happened to me. Like tell 'em I took edibles. Yes. So then she was like, don't do it. Please don't do it. Like, and just keep in mind my fucking grandma is at the end of the table this whole time. But she doesn't even speak English. She definitely had no idea what was going on. But our parents were pissed anyways.


So then like my mom, so I take my mom to the bathroom and all of a sudden I drop to my knees and I start gagging throwing, like trying to throw up in the bathroom the drama. But I wasn't throwing the drama. The drama. and I love my hair. Yes. My mom was holding my hair back to she's get up, she was like, get up, this is a public restroom that you're on the floor. She's screaming at me. I'm like, fuck. But I'm not, I don't give a fuck. It's a public, I'm not even thinking I'm on the fly. I could have been literally on someone's shit and I probably would've been in the same place 'cause of how tweaking out I felt. But like I just shot up heroin and then like, and then I, yeah, no, I was about to say anything bad, something crazy was about to come outta my mouth.


And then, so I'm sitting down there and then my, and I'm like telling my mom, I was like, I just, I was like, I took Ed Bulls and if I die and I tell the paramedics what I took so they can try and revive me. And my mom was like, you Can't die from edibles. She's like, get up. She like grabbed me by my arm and she was like, you're gonna downstairs, you're gonna food gonna, and she said, I'm never taking you out to dinner again. She was like, did we come out once, once this whole time, the first time we're let out and you do This. And I was like, that shit went, that sobered me up. I said, good morning. I sat down at that table. I didn't open my fucking mouth. Did I eat nothing? I didn't eat shit.


I just sat there and mute until we went home. Yeah. So that was crazy. Just a little, just a fucking little wait. And that wasn't the time that your parents almost threatened to you to go to rehab because you smoked Once? No, that was a whole different one. And I was like pussy shit. I smoked one joint. I ended face down on the rug. My dad walked into my apartment, seen me on the floor and then he saw a like a like a hat, like a smoking joint on the side like, and he was like, what is this? And then I was all, there's pictures of it, I'll, I'll try, I'll dig them out. It's me on the floor in front of the toilet. I don't know why, like my first thing is to like throw up. But like my mom was like, it's not gonna come outta your system, it's in your bloodstream. And so I was like, and my dad was like, my parents were literally on the phone with each other saying like, we are worried.


Like she has to go to rehab. That was like the first time I ever smoked in my life too. I was like rehab, It's one little baby rehab. I said, y'all killing me with this shit man. That is some LA shit. They're like, oh, they're hitting it too hard. Rehab. You're like, I've literally smoked once, bro. It was calm the fuck out. Crazy. Okay. I feel like when you're from LA you kind of just like know people in the industry or whatever. Did you have anyone in your family that was in this industry or were you the first person to like go on tv? Yeah, no, I'm the first person in this industry. My parents are not, my mom is a microbiologist. She like is not involved in any like smart social media sorts. Like my parents don't have inst or like they don't, my dad doesn't have Instagram like and I am sure he does now, but he's trying to get his, he's trying to have his big one.


Your dad starts influencing. Can you imagine Like, what's his name? What's his name? Ian. Ian. Stop. Ian, just relax. Ian relax. You've done enough. What does he do for a living? He's a CFO. Oh for like a hospitality company. For like hotels like you do restaurants, stuff like that. So when you went to your parents and your family and you were like, I'm going on Love Island, what was their reaction? For a while I had only told my sister. Okay. I was nervous to see how my parents were gonna react. Just because Persians hold like their children to like a very high standard of like, oh my gosh, you need, we always make a joke, like you need like Persians say like you need to either become like a doctor or a lawyer, like something of that.


and I am still in school right now as well. So I think my parents were just, I was worried of their reaction. Yeah. Not that I would stop school or anything of like that, but I just felt like my mom, I don't know. Like I think our mom is just not, my parents were born in Iran and they moved here when they were like 20. They didn't even speak English when they got here. My mom worked at McDonald's. My dad washed dishes and they've done fucking amazing for themselves. They're like such an inspiration to me. So I feel like I was a bit nervous to tell them. But I really, my main goal, like I wanna make them proud And. like I hope I did make them proud. I know they are really proud of everything like I've done and they were proud of how I carried myself.


Even in moments I felt like maybe I could have done better.


This episode is brought to you by Missouri. You know I had a thought the other day. Since Rwanda jewelry becomes something we only bought on special occasions, Missouri approaches fine jewelry a little bit differently. Each one of their pieces is handcrafted by jewelers committed to quality craftmanship as well as ethical and sustainable jewelry production created by Women for Women. Missouri is breaking down barriers in what has long been an exclusive and occasional category of men buying for women. In 2020. The brand launched the Missouri Empowerment Fund in support of higher education for underrepresented women and non-binary individuals. Because fine jewelry doesn't have to cost the world feel good about your jewelry in more ways than one. Start stacking your favorites. Shop online or visit the website to find a store near you.


This episode is brought to you by Botox cosmetic on a Baum toxin. A did you know Botox cosmetic has been FDA approved for over 20 years. But here's the cherry on top. Botox cosmetic has an official loyalty program called Alle that is spelled A LLE. It's totally free to join and it's accepted at over 24,000 practices across the country. With alle, you can earn points for Botox cosmetic treatments and get access to exclusive offers. There's even one going on right now to see if you're eligible for the offer and savings on your next Botox cosmetic treatment. You can visit botox cosmetic.com/c HD. Talk to your specialist to see if Botox cosmetic is right for you. For prescribing information and box warning, visit botox Cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0 intended for us audiences only.


You said that you have had a lot of guys that your family has not approved of in the past. Can you describe their least favorite boyfriend of yours? Yeah, they would have literal interventions with me to get me to stop talking to him. No. For good reason though. Now when I look back at it, but I was young. I was 18 when we met. Okay. So he got me in a good, good spot. My brain was super moldable and he molded the fuck out of it. So I think that shaped how I look at relationships a lot for a while. Yeah. and I think it made me feel like I had to like work really hard to deserve someone's love or affection.


and I felt like I had to always fight for someone's attention, which is not a great place to be. But I think I've also worked really hard now to not feel like that anymore. But I know even like in moments where Like don don't know, sometimes I would just be like, fuck. Like I don't des I'm still right now. I'm like, I don't deserve the way I'm being received. Like I feel like I was, I was on the plane. Well, I was gonna say I was on the plane with Kayla and Erin. Oh. We were sitting in the same row together and I was like crying to Kayla saying like, I don't deserve this. Have you seen what's online? I have. You wanna hear what was so funny? Yeah. They picked me up from my hotel room and we were on like one of the golf carts and they were about to drop us off to the van at the front of the hotel to take me to the airport.


And then they were like, oh, Erin and Kayla are gonna be coming with you on the, in the van to the flight. And I was like, yay. I was really excited to see them. Right. I was like, oh my gosh, I haven't seen them And like days I've been wanting to talk to them so bad. And especially 'cause I thought that they were gonna like, I literally was telling Kayla and Aaron when they were standing next to Miguel and I was like, it's you guys. Like it's you guys. Right? 'cause I was like, and even to Nicole I was like, me and Miguel are about to go get fucked up at the Hilton. Like I was like doing like hand signs like, anyways, so I am like sitting there and I'm like going through my phone and I had just gotten my phone probably like 10 minutes prior. And like ding ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. And they keep getting like, have you seen this? Have you seen this? Have you seen this?


And I'm like, seen what? And they literally, they say, Kayla and Erin are coming with you to the airport and I like, look at my phone. And then I seen that it said like Kayla said that. No. What was it? What did it say? It was basically Kayla was on a phone call With someone. Oh yeah, her friend. Her friend, yeah. Yeah. In the background. Aaron was filming himself. For anyone that doesn't know, Aaron was filming himself making a Instagram video. Yeah. And Kayla's in the background on the phone with someone and it sounds like someone on the phone says to her, Leah's not gonna be irrelevant in X amount of months. Right. So you see this when you're in the car when they're walking up, Bro, I saw it on the golf cart when they were about to get like literally, yeah, like right when I was gonna see 'em.


The timing was hilarious. What Did you do? I honestly like, I wasn't like pressed about it. Like I really wasn't, I was like we're, I mean like fair enough, like maybe I will be, maybe I won't. But like at the same time it's like sh I so, I mean I saw Kayla like, so the golf cart drops me off to the van and Aaron and Kayla jump out and they were like, Leah like holy fuck, like it's so good to see you. and I'm like hugging them. Aaron was so excited. He literally like dropped his phone and broke it. Oh my God. Yeah. I was so excited to see them. And then I sat down and we were just talking like normal.


'cause I wasn't even gonna bring it up just 'cause I literally was like, it's just not worth it. Like I'm very, I was just happy to see them. Yeah. And you're just coming outta this huge experience. Like I can't, and I was so happy. Like I was like, I was so happy. 'cause Miguel and I had just spent like two days together, like in the hotel room and we were just having like a ball together. And so I was like, it's just not even like, it's just like very like minimal stuff to me that I was like, it's not worth it. 'cause I know, I know Kayla loves me. Like I know she does. I know it. I know it. and I know Erin loves Me too, despite everything. and I love them so much. So I was just like, I wasn't gonna bring it up. But then Kayla was like, fuck Leah. Like I have. She was like, fuck Leah. No, I'm kidding. Fuck Leah.


Fuck Erin. She was like, she Not her parents being like, she never curses. I'm like, babe, you don't know your daughter. Fuck Erin. I love her. She was like, Leah, I have to tell you something. And I was like, what? And she was like, there's like this video. And I was like, it's okay. Like I saw it already, like don't worry. And she was like, no. I just be like, I need to explain myself. And she was like, I was on the phone with my friend and she was talking about like, she said she was like receiving a lot of hate. Yeah. And she said like it was coming from like the fans. Mm. And she was saying that her friend was basically like, you know, saying it just to like make her feel better.


And like, just like it's gonna like blow over type thing. And so Yeah. But I mean when we got to the airport like, and I and well anyways, but her friend, she said that and I was like, listen, like I don't, I don't care at all. Like I don't, I was not feeling a type of way about it at all. You weren't? No, not at all. Like I love Kayla. Yeah. Like I was not feeling a way about it at all. and I mean I love Kayla and Erin, I'm really happy that they're together. I think that they suit each other so well. And I think that, I don't know, that just wasn't something that I was like, I'm not, why would I fight with her about that? Yeah. Like it was just so like, I mean I get your head space and I think it's a very mature head space to be in of like, she's getting fucking roasted online.


Right. So like We're seeing these bits and pieces. Oh, pieces. Oh, you wanna know what it was? She said what it was Was that when I said the white, it's giving white woman scared. Yeah. That thing she said that was so funny. She said, I didn't think they were gonna hunt that shit in there. No. Said killing me with this shit. Shit. Leah. It was fucking funny. Not you pointing. And I was pointing. The thing is too, I wasn't even pointing at her face. I was literally said the balcony. And she's like, and I was like, and then Serena was like, don't be dramatic. And I'm like, it was literally giving white woman scared. Scared. Like, and I said the word balcony and then she like ducked like I was about to like hit her with a right hook. I'm like, okay. As if they would even let me, I would literally get tackled to the floor before my face or my hand would even touch her face.


Are you kidding? It was fucking good tv. Yeah. But she was like, people have been calling me racist towards like Persians and, and black people or and African Americans and, and everything and saying that. And I'm like, that was not my, my intention of that. I think like, I just was like, me and Serena, like she was saying basically like, she was basically saying like people were calling her racist because Serena and I reacted and then she reacted and she thinks just like, because she's white, like it's coming off racist. Yeah. And like I was like, well I know she's not racist. Right. Like, Kayla is not a racist you guys just for the, your information.


Yeah. So I mean it was like that she said like she was receiving comments because of that And. like again, I was, I, I don't want anyone to hurt anyone or feel like, you know, that they have to say mean things for to anyone on my behalf. Like I don't want that. Like I know how it feels to be on the receiving end of those things. So it's, and it's not a good place to be in. It's actually very like harmful and hurtful and you're also just doing your best in there and it's actually very fucking hard to behave perfectly in there. And all your mistakes are put on TV and the, for the world to judge and then you get to get it replayed back to you again at movie night.


And so it's a lot. So I honestly can't be mad about how anyone moved in there. Yeah. Just because it is such a high intensity, high pressure environment. Yeah. That it's like even I said, I said I was acting in ways that I haven't acted in in years. I don't, I don't raise, I don't like to raise my voice at men like I used to, but I've retired. I don't like to argue, I don't wanna argue with men. I like to come to a very sound conclusion with them. I don't, I put that shit so in the past I'm old as fuck. I'm literally geriatric.


It's not the time to be telling people like, you don't act like that. I like I was just telling myself I'm not 16 anymore. It's not cute and it's not funny. Yeah. I like that you're clarifying that though because again, I feel like there's so much around this show and everyone's so passionate And like the fans are amazing. But I think we have to remember like this is like a reality dating show. Yeah. Like to spread hate towards people. Right. We've gotta just Simmer. Yes. Simmer and I love every single person in that villa. There is not one person that came in or out of that villa that deserves an ounce of hate. I think that they, everyone came in gave it their absolute all in their best. They treated everyone with as much as respect as they possibly could.


Sometimes you really can't handle yourself well in certain when you're put in very weird situations Sometimes yeah. You slip up. But again you're not this isn't a movie. Yeah. This is reality tv. You're, you fuck up The big three. I mean No, we have to talk about it because I know it's Love island and it's not fucking Friendship Island, but I It was Friendship Island. It was, it was you guys That it No, fuck that. Yes. Goodbye. It was truly like The most fun to watch you three like form this sisterhood and watching you guys like ride for each other, watching you guys like have each other's backs, like going through everything together. Can you describe your guys' dynamic And? like who plays what part in the friendship?


Oh my gosh. Serena and Janae. My shout. Hey, shout out P-P-G-P-P-G bag on top. Yeah. No, they are everything good. In my experience with Love Island, I walked in with Janae, I got to walk out with Janae. We were, we literally walked in holding hands and she was the first person I, first girl I met, first person I met in the villa. I loved her right off the bat. I think that she carries herself amazingly. I think she is absolutely like such an inspiring person. I think she's so smart. I think she's fucking gorgeous. and I think she is hilarious. She deserves the world. Serena is The most special person I've ever met in my life.


She made my time in the Villa Worth being there. She is the reason that I was stayed the whole time and she was literally, I felt like it's real. It was, it's hard for me to not have my sister with me 'cause I feel like she's someone that I rely on a lot. But Serena was literally like the closest thing I had to my sister. 'cause they're both Virgos and they remind me so much of each other. There were things that Serena would do or say that I would be like, fuck, I'm so glad Serena's here because I know that's exactly what my sister would be saying or doing for me. And so yeah, they were very special to have. and I feel like our friendship is for life. I think that they mean the world to me.


and I could not have done anything in there without them. and I think we all, we've all had like our moments in there, but we all handled it really well. I think you guys did such a good job. And it was like, obviously one of like my favorite moments was watching Serena just like walk up understandably. We'll get to like the Rob and live and you dynamic, but her being like, Nope, what Y'all not gonna do is gang up on Leah. She didn't even know what the fuck we were talking about. And Janine's like, go, go, go, go. I'm like my girl. It Was so fucking good. and I think that's like, that is the kind of friend I think every woman wants to Have. oh, my God, she's everything. What was a moment on the show where Janae and Serena like really had to give you a wake up call and be like, Leah, Leah.


What? I think like after Rob called me, like delusional on the fire pit. Oh, I have a good one. Okay. Like, I think Rob, like, he was like when he was like, wait the fuck up. Like you're delusional. Yeah. and I was sitting there And like me. Menee. No, I'm kidding. I was like, did he just say he loves me? No, I'm Kidding. Fuck no. I'm kidding guys. Please. He was like, you're delusional. Wake the fuck up. Whatever. And then that was like a hurt. That was hurtful too. That in re all no jokes, all jokes aside. Like that was really like very hurtful to hear and I think like Serena and Jana got to hear me talk about that a lot.


And it was very painful for me, especially to hear it from someone that I hold really, really, really in high regards. But like, I remember the next day, like he was sitting there or he was working out at the gym and me and Jana were in like the me, Janae and or Serena were like in the kitchen. And I was like, I love watching the guys work out. Like a few guys were working out. And then Jana was like, I know, look. And it was Kenny and Rob. And then Jenny was like, I know Kenny looks so good. And I was like, I'm not talking about Kenny. And they both looked at me like, what the fuck is wrong with you?


Like la la la. I, and then I was like, you know what, like Queen like stand. Serena would literally always tell me like, stand the fuck up. Like she would tell me to, like, she would literally would go like this, stand up And. like she, I stood up. Like I, I had to stand up, but I was down bad for a minute there. It's so good because another moment you just like brought into my head from that is like, when you said something of like, you know what's so messy? She said something, you go, you know what, How fine that man looks over there. Serena's face literally Is like this. She was disgusted. Shut the Fuck up. Oh, that was, you guys should have heard the things this woman was saying to me when the camera's like, were not on. Like she actually was.


She, I would on moments where I felt like I was like, I'm, I'm spiraling. I would say, Serena, can you come read me to Filth? I would literally say exactly that and she would full blown read me to Filth. I'd be, yep. Don't want him anymore. I think everyone on the internet wants to know like, what the fuck happened with this bullshit backseat, whole drama. I keep telling them to roll the damn tapes of me. Like show me where I sat there and was like cheering for Andrea to go home. We all collectively decided for Andrea to go home. We all shut our eyes and said on three open your put one for Nicole or and two for Andrea and me, Kayla and Serena put two and Liv put Nicole.


Yep. And so I mean, but then Liv was like, okay, no, we're doing Andrea. And she was like, I'm like, we all are are going to do it all together and so let's do it. and I remember, I remember sitting there and I was saying like, I was like, I just feel like I want to be very like, like just cautious of how this all comes out. Because I knew, I told the girls, I said, somehow some way I feel like this is going to get flipped back onto me and yeah. Be, but the first thing that Liv said, or the first thing Liv said when we all got into that huddle was, we all know who's not, we're not sending home. And she said, we're not sending Janae home.


That's the first thing we said was Liv came up, she said, we all know who we're saving right off the bat. And it was, she said, we're saving Janae. And then it was between Nicole and Andrea. And then we just did that and we all came to a collect collective decision. and I just, but I do, I did sit there and I did say, I am scared that this is gonna look a certain way on me. and I was not pining for her in any way, shape or form. I really wasn't. and I was praying to God, they would roll the tapes that at movie night or something. I was begging them. I was like, you have to, and then, but then they rolled the, the fucking tape of live saying that I had a huge sway in it.


And then I was like, oh my gosh. Right? And then that's when Serena was like, hold on a minute. No. Sh huge sway. Like Huge sway. Huge sway. Right? Like there's as if I was holding like a banner and saying like, send Andrea home. Send Andrea home. No, I said, if we send Andrea home, Rob is going to hate me forever. Right. And that's that I didn't, I you what? I'm dumb as fuck. I may be stupid, but I'm not dumb as fuck. I did not think sending the the woman that like this guy is in love with home is gonna make him run back into my arms. I knew he was gonna hate me. Why would I have done that? And, and I if, if I wanted Rob back, I wouldn't want it like that.


I would've wanted him to do it on his own. Because You wanna know in your own head if you're gonna get that man back. It's like a fair fucking game. And he, you and him come back together because Yes. You wanted to not 'cause some random girl gets dropped off and now you're like, I'm here. Yeah. Like, I'm your second option. Do you want me back? Fuck no. No. Fuck no. It was never like that. Even in our chat after that day, like I did, I think I'm pretty sure I told him I still care about him and everything, but like at that point I was, I was with Connor and I. Can I talk about Connor for a second please? Yeah. Like first and foremost, like I liked Connor. I haven't watched the show so I'm not sure what they showed of Connor and I, but the buildup to Connor and I's relationship was my like, I loved it when the whole Rob situation happened.


He was there for me. Yeah. And that's when we kind of became closer. Yeah. And then that's when I was like, I actually like him a lot. And then I was like, but fuck me. He's with Janae. Yeah. And again, if I want, if I was playing the game, if I wanted to just stay in the villa, I could have gone to Hakeem. He was walking around telling everyone, Ooh, Leah mat type. Ooh, I want that. And no one wanted him in the villa. So surely if I was playing the game, I would've gone straight to Hakeem if I wanted to stay. I, I liked Connor a lot. Yeah. Like then we, I don't know, like we, we, we kissed outside of challenges.


Like we were, I wasn't, it was not always bad. Yeah. Or like, I didn't always feel like that, but I think like, I confused. He was just so there for me it felt like, and compassionate when the stuff with Rob was going on that I think like, maybe I may have confused like that compassion And, like his French. I just felt like I was very, very, very, I've never felt so alone. It felt like everyone forgot that I went through that with Rob. It felt like they welcomed him in Andrea with open arms and everyone was just like, get over it. Yeah. And I'm not Serena and Janae though, but it just felt like everyone forgot about what happened and they weren't like, and I had to sit there the day like Rob and I woke up in bed that together.


And then I had to watch him like recouple up with her and make out right in front of me that day. And it's just like, damn. So painful. So painful. Like in ways I can't even describe how painful it was. And he Yeah. Like he was there for you. He was there for me. and I think like, I felt so alone, And like this one. Like he was just giving me like, I what felt like he was giving me so much comfort. Yeah. That I was like, maybe I got my feelings confused and I had like, once it, and I got like clarity of like, I like him a lot, but I don't, I can't a I can't give him what he needs right now.


Yeah. And BI don't, I can't force myself to be somewhere that I'm, I I'm not, and I don't, I didn't, I don't know if I could have gone there like that sexually with Connor. I think that's okay to say. and I appreciate you like clarifying. 'cause I think again, we don't get to see all Of it. Jena and I had, we obviously we had, well Janae and I were so, like that situation didn't affect us at all. Yeah. Like, and I don't want, and people were like saying like, how could you do that to her and stuff. But like people aren't like understanding like Janae was kind like kind of over it at a certain point.


And so I just feel like there's a lot of things that weren't shown and it makes me very upset because everything aside, I just, I never want someone to think that I don't respect Jana's feelings. I respect her feelings. Like more than anything, like my girls' feelings mean everything to me. I would put them over my own. So I did it. Connor and I both did it in The most respectful way possible. I told Connor like, you ha, anything we do you have to tell her first. Yeah. I will tell her as well. But he had to tell her everything and I had to tell her everything. Yeah. And we were very, I made it a point.


Both of us, Connor and I made it a point to be as respectful as possible because how much I love Janae and how much she means to me. And I was like, again, like I know they were coupled up, but again, it's love island and you're kind of like nudged to talk to other people. Like I would've loved to just been cu like been comfy and coupled up with Rob from the beginning and just sat there like that. But you are, you're nudged a bit to, you know, branch out and talk to other people. And that's what I was doing and that's what the experience was about. And. like I know that Janae understands that and I just, I'm upset that the edit doesn't show that, but it is what it is.


Okay. We're halfway through. Do you need to pee or anything? No, You're good. Am I talking too much? No, You're doing so good. I think it was good to clarify that and I think it was like I did wanna clarify Positive that you did that. Okay, now we're gonna go into like some other fun stuff. It's Rob Island now. Oh fuck. And we are going into Rob fucking island Passengers all aboard. We have now arrived to Rob Island. No, But Literally in the villa. I was calling it Rob Island. Stop. Even the producers were calling it Rob Island. I kept saying I don't remember replying to Rob Island. I thought I was on Rob Island. I literally was sitting there like crying. Girl. He got you fucked up.


Yeah, it was literally Rob Island. Like even the producers like, even like some of the workers would be like, Rob, I went to Robin. He would be like, fuck, What is that? Why? Why? Like what was it about him? Like, try to explain it To me. I think Rob is very likable. I think he's very funny. I think he's a great person. I think that he, I guess he's like pretty, he's like alluring. Like I can see why someone like you would be like drawn in. Yeah, I can, I like, I get it like obviously, but I was just say, well, not really clearly. Is he your typical type? No. Really? No. What is your usual type?


I feel like the last guys I've like hooked up with were like African American. Okay. So it was like a different vibe. Vibe. Vibe. Okay. But the type of white guys I like, he falls into the category of it. Okay. So he, I guess, I guess you would say like yes. Like if, like we're like the for the whites, like Yeah I think like He, yes. He's more in the vibe. He Is the vibe for sure. What was your first impression of him? Oh my gosh. When the guys walked in and I saw Rob, like it was, I only thought Rob like I was like, like really? Yeah. The second Rob walked in, me and him looked at each other and then from the second we looked at each other we would, like, when we were sitting around the fire pit, we kept looking at each other And.


like we would like make like little, like we like have like we were already starting like inside jokes. Like right off the bat Andrea comes in. Yeah, you guys have a good thing going on. He come, she comes into the villa. Rob was like upfront with you and comes up and is like, I'm interested in going getting to know her, but I still like you. And you were like really fucking chill in that moment. You were what? Every girl wants to be Leah. You were like the blue girl, right? You were like, that's, you were like, you were like, yeah. Like no, it's totally fine. And you weren't even giving like fake. Yeah, it's fine. You were like totally fine. I get it. You were so chill. Was that a little bit, you like being cool girl And like faking it Or were you dead ass like, oh this is not competition. I don't really give a shit. No, it just sucks.


'cause I liked him so much, but I'm like, where are you Leah? Yeah. Like you're like you're on Love island. The poor guy like didn't have a proper experience last year. And so I was like, I wanted him to have a good experience this year. and I was just like, you know, I felt like our connection was so strong that nothing would've ruined it. Yeah. So I honestly, if you had asked me, I think I was that calm about it because I was like, what would top us? Yeah. Yeah. In the real world, if like a girl is talking to your boyfriend, are you giving the same energy?


Like, I don't give a shit? Or are you like jealous, protective? I Think I used to be jealous and protective. I think I've, I think I've been like rung dry now. I'm just like, if you want better find it. Like I will too. I'm tired. Grandpa. Like I'll literally like, I like there's al Grandpa, like there's always like, there's more fucking fish in the sea. Right? You're just like, I can't Have him fra like frankly take him off my hand. Like that's the point I am at at, yeah. Like it's like if you can easily get that swayed that fast, like bye. Right. So You're not worth my fucking time. Okay. That's good to know. Okay, we have to talk about the infamous conversation where Rob cried.


You guys are fighting on the like balcony area. What went through your head when Rob said that he did not feel a sexual connection? Oh my God. Every bad thing I've ever thought about myself literally just was swarming in my head. Like swarming. I've never felt that. Embarrassed in my life. Yeah. I felt like so unwanted, so gross. Like literally like every bad thing I've thought about myself was like confirmed in that moment. But it made me feel even more stupid. 'cause like the day before that I was telling Serena like how like I was like, oh my gosh, like I love kissing him in bed. Like I think I was like, I wanna fuck him.


And then to hear that the next day of that was like, oh my God. I actually was, I I I went to the bathroom to throw up like after I felt sick. Why do you think he said that? I don't know why he said that. I don't know why he said that. Why would he say that specifically to a woman? Like, no, It was Sucks. It's so bad to hear that as a woman, especially me, myself. 'cause like I feel like it's taken me a while to get to a place where like I, I'm not even there yet where I'm like, oh, I like, I feel good like about myself of like how I look. 'cause I'm very like critical about myself and I think that it just took me bad.


Like. don don't know. I think it put me in a very bad head space. Yeah. I'll just tell you that for Sure. No. and I, I felt so bad for you. 'cause then you went to Serena and you were like, I feel disgusting. Yeah. Like I literally feel like, what the fuck? He doesn't want me Fuck. Now I feel like I'm crying. Basically. Leah, Why are you crying? What's making you cry? It was just so hurtful. And like, it was like so like weird to hear 'cause I wasn't, I I wouldn't have guessed he felt like that. So to hear it was just like shocking. Yeah, Like heartbreaking. That's why I feel like the shocking part. oh my God now I'm gonna fucking cry. Because I feel like any woman can like relate to that where you feel like so embarrassed by like, wait, hold up.


I thought we had something here. And like, you literally are like off of me. Like where did I miss this? Right. And, like the sexual element that hurts so fucking bad. So, so Bad. But when I asked him, he had said, he was like, I should have never said that. But I remember the first time we kissed I had told her like, don't like go easy or something. Or like, don't like hurt me or whatever the fuck. I forget what he said. And then you told him basically like moving forward whenever you guys would go to make out, you were holding back because you thought he was like telling you to go easy. Is that he like, He said it like three different times. Like before we kissed he first he was like, don't hurt me.


Second time he was like, he said like, go, like he was saying we hadn't even kissed yet. And he was was like, don't hurt me that we hadn't kissed ever And. like, or then he would be like, go easy. And we, I not, I wasn't, I wasn't like, no I wasn't even like kissing him with like tongue or anything. So I don't know that I don't get it. I really don't understand it. I don't know why he said that. 'cause I wasn't even like swat, like I wasn't like straddling him. Like I wasn't doing anything weird like, or inappropriate. So like, I like he, yeah. I don't Dunno. Do you think he meant it more emotionally? Like, don't Hurt me? No. No. Why would you say that to someone Right before you kiss Every time. Okay. Because he said he like said it once in the beginning.


No, He said it multiple times and I told him. He said it multiple times and he was, that's why it kept throwing me off. I was like, so then what do you want me to do? I was so confused. Yeah. It like con that confu, I'm still confused. and I haven't talked to him at all. You Haven't in the moment when he started crying to you in the conversation where he was, you were like confronting him and he was like crying and you were like, wait, how are you crying? Can you walk me through that conversation of how it felt in your head? Oh my gosh. I was, well, so he went on a date. Yes. Right. He kissed me before he left and everything and was like, and then he said, do I look ugly enough? Like he was like and everything. And so, and I made him, I made him food before he left.


I made him like the sandwich. He like kissed me by. He was like, do I look ugly enough? And he was like, and everything. And then like sent him off and you know, I was like freaking out the whole time he was gone. But I also was like, Sammy not 'cause I was like, I'm so, like we both were like saying we were so embarrassed how we feel about each other this soon And. like, then he came back and it just felt something was off. and I felt like I was like, fuck. I know he kissed her. Like I know he kissed her. And then he came and sat me down and he talked to me for like five minutes maybe. And then went straight to Soul Ties with Andrea for two hours. And I'm sitting there and I'm like, he's not gonna talk to me before the night ends.


'cause they were up there a while, like a very long time. And I was like, I was going back and forth with Kendall. Like I was like, should I go talk to him? Should I go up there? And he was like, no, don't do it. And then I was like, no, I feel like I have to. And he was like, okay, go. And I was like, no, I'm not going to. And then he was like, okay. And then I was like, no I I I want to. And then I was like, I just wanna talk to him. I was, I didn't wanna fight him, right. I just wanted to talk to him. I wasn't mad. I just was like, we need talk. I'm still here. Right? Like I'm still here. Right. Like I'm still here. And so I went up there and then I seen them like cu like all like cuddly in there too, which was just like, okay, like turn the knife a little more.


Like I actually wanted to die that night. And then he was just so nonchalant about it, which just like made me very upset. 'cause it's like we just woke up in the bed together that morning. Like I felt so dumb. I can't explain to you. and I kept expressing to him our whole relationship that I was like, I'm so worried I'm going to look stupid. I kept telling him that and he was like, I would never do that to you. Like I would never make you look stupid. And I was like, I'm so fucking worried like that I'm going to like, you know. And anyways our conver, I don't know when our conversation took like a turn for the left.


I can't remember to be honest. It was like, they told me it was 4:00 AM when we were filming that. No. Yeah. Oh, so you were like, oh, where am I delirious? What is my name? Yeah. 4:00 AM 4:00 AM How long do you think the conversation was? Over an hour. Okay. 'cause obviously we got to see a cut of it. Maybe a cut of it. It started off really like, well it felt like, but he was basically saying like, he likes her and it felt like he was like, just like, I don't want like trying to like clean his hands of me.


and I just was really hurtful 'cause it was like he was making it like such a point when we were together. Like it's Love Island. Like I like you so much. But he was, he did say like he wants to experience Love Island. Like, and he was like, I think you like we, he was saying he want, he wanted both of us to experience Love Island. Like in the way it should be. As in like, 'cause when we were coupled up at the beginning, like we really weren't talking to anyone else. Like we were actually in like a bubble and then on like day three or something, we were like, maybe we should start talking to other people. Yeah. 'cause like that's what we're here for. And then he talked to the other girls, but I don't think anything like came from it.


Yeah. And then that's when like Liv came in and obviously like took him and stuff and, but he still like came back to me after that. And I think it just threw me off because it was like he kept saying like, he wants to be like super open during this experience and just like you like take the experience for what it is. But then like the second it felt like he had Andrea, like he forgot about me. Like he kind of made it seem like he was still gonna get to know me and Andrea is what it felt like. But then it wasn't, it was just like, Yeah Clemmy. And then I was like, wow. Like that did Was that nothing?


That was a really bad night. That was a really bad night. I was literally on Rob Island and I couldn't get off.


This episode is brought to you by Vitamin Water. So much of what the world is obsessed with starts out in New York City. It's a place full of style and character that has something for everyone with a range of flavors to meet any kind of taste. It's no wonder Vitamin Water was born there. Colorful, flavorful, anything but boring. Vitamin Water injects a daily dose of vibrancy into a watered down life. Grab a Vitamin Water today. Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of Glaso.


The biggest event in sports is coming to Peacock this summer stream. Every single event of the Paris Olympic games with 16 consecutive days of live coverage, plus new customization and personalization features. So you never miss a moment of the Olympic action from the opening ceremony on the sun to beach volleyball at the foot of the Eiffel Tower. Watch every moment and every medal only on Peacock.


Have any exes reached out to you since Love Island? Yeah. Shut the fuck Up. They sent me a video watching me on their tv. So fucking funny. Did you like love it. They Made me think of and he never thinks of me except for when I'm on tv. On Tv. You're in your fucking Taylor moment. You're like, yes bitch. Watch. I actually felt like that I was like my queen. What was your messiest breakup? I feel like I don't even have messy breakups to be honest. Just like messy relationships. And it's just somehow ends. It just somehow, literally, somehow some way though they all end cordially. Like is the relationship horrible?


Did we almost like literally go to prison or the psych ward? Yeah. But are we all still really cool? Like fuck yeah. Love you. No. Literally still love. Love you all. I actually have great relationships with all of 'em. I think they're great and they love me. So Somehow Some way like they end pretty cordially. Leah what the fuck? You're like it's so toxic when I minute and then we're like hugging and kissing. Yes. Goodbye. And then they become friends And then I never want, I don't wanna fuck 'em after. And then I feel like it makes them like me even more. I think one of The most relatable things that you said this season of many was that you can't have just like a nice guy.


Like you need to feel like a little bit like you're going to go to the psych ward. Can you talk about maybe some of like the toxic things that you have been attracted to in the past? I feel like, I know this might be bad, but I feel like I like, like a possessive man. Like that's hot. Like you don't share me. You know what I mean? Like t Okay. What else? I feel like, let me try and think what else Like don don't know. I feel like there needs to be like some sort of like intensity and passion in a relationship. Yeah. For me to enjoy it. I know some people, again, hopefully one day I will get there where I am. Like I think I am there right now though.


Like, but I also think like it was whatever. Let me not sidetrack. I know a lot of people feel the same way. Yeah. So, and I definitely feel like, like I like, I'm like, yay cool. Like something's not, something's wrong with me but not that wrong with me. 'cause something's also wrong with YY and y'all. So like No, You're right, you're right. and I also feel like people were so confused when you were like, oh my God. Like I don't want a nice guy. It's like, it's not that they can't be nice to you, it's like it is annoying and it is not hot when you can walk all over someone. Yeah. When you're like, I could literally like fuck your best friend and you would take me back like Right. That's not fun. No. 'cause it's like, Even though you can do that to me and I. Right, right. No, please You do it but I can't do it to you then.


Ugh, disgust. What the fuck, what is, What is wrong with us? Listen, I had my fair share of it to the point where I had to like knock my head against a wall and be like, I'm fucking done. Oh yeah. And still then. Okay. Have you ever dabbled with professional athletes? Your face? Who Hasn't? They're so easily fuckable. My grandma's probably fucked one. Sorry that was rude. Sorry. Grandma. Grandma Has not fucked one. I'm sure Like don don't know everyone. Right? What sport? What? Everyone's had their fair share on the ride. Raise Your hand in this room. Put your hand and I'm getting you two.


I'm fucking Okay. You what sports? What sports? Basketball. Just basketball And football. But only one. One football player. One football ever in my life. Ooh. Does he still play today? No. I think he literally like sings now or something. I think he won the Super Bowl though. And then he went on to Be like on The Voice. He's the chair. Can you imagine? He pops out on the fucking voice. I'm crying. He has a singing career now. I pretty sure from what I Did, you block him.


You don't understand the way this man, we fuck. Okay, I, let me tell you this though. I will tell you this. I fucked him because I was dying over my ex. Okay. After we fucked, I made myself throw up on PCH because of how disgusting it was. And then I went home and I found the shower floor and I didn't fuck again for like two years. Oh yeah. What the fuck was So fucked about the Everything. It wasn't even just the sex, it was the individual. It was the, the act. It was the things, things he was doing. He spread his ass like this in The shower, which Is like, get clean king.


But why are you doing that in front of me? You can never Unsee it. I can't. My sister and her, our friends make fun of me for it. Like to this day, I need you to fucking show me after off camera who this really is. You'll die. I will. And the sex was actually bad. His Yeah. His dick was what? No, no. And I was like, get away From me. That is the Scariest thing he needed to like that's That's in your esophagus. Yeah. Like it was so unenjoyable. I don't think he came, I Literally ran out of his house. I don't even think I had shoes on. I like shook my belongings and got the fuck Outta there.


And he like tried to spin me around and kissed me when I was leaving like a movie. and I went, I was so Bad. I was like, get me outta here. He messages me to this day, Shut the fuck up. And then after that he texted me and said, let's go to the movie theater. And then like I tried to get my friend to go to fuck him instead, but he actually did wanna go to the theater. He just, and I was like, well actually do you wanna fuck my friend instead of me so I could get him off my back? You, You and throwing up on the side of the fucking road. I'm obsessed Like get this out of me. I actually Made myself to on the side of the road. Okay. Are you gonna kill me if I ask you this? What? What? Just say it There.


There are rumors in LA that you dated Kanye West. Can you confirm or deny? Should I move on? Can you, You're like, let's go back to the football fight. Yeah. Ask you more about Rob. Suddenly I'm, I wanna talk about him. I'd Like to talk about Rob more. Okay. Who was the best kisser in the villa? Miguel. Duh. Is there anything that you are known for in the bedroom? What is your specialty? Give it to us right here. Leah, come on. Oh, I was gonna say, I like don't suck your dick unless I like you. It's fine. It's amazing. You Can gimme tips so I can get up there Like that shit's not coming near me.


I'm stuck my ex's dick for like three years. We were together for three years. I didn't even touch it once. You're like, just stick it in. I feel like hurry, I feel, I feel like I got, let's get this shit over with. No, I feel like I can like, oh since I, I ride horses and I feel like I can ride it pretty well if dare I say If dare I say dare. I say I I could see that. That's amazing. Yeah. Okay. Fuck Mary. Kill Connor. Rob Miguel. Go. You guys are messy. These bitches is messy. Let's see.


Good luck Mary Miguel. Fuck Shit. Look at where you're sitting Holding on for dear life. Just say it. It's okay. You're not actually killing him. He's a guy. Nice guy. No, I don't wanna fuck Rob. You just said that. Look a little Kid. It's the two lesser like it's like what? Who do I wanna fuck less? You'd Continue do it too. Okay, Fine. Yeah, now we're excited. Here's the thing.


I think he's such an amazing nice guy. He seems but but we're gonna kill Connor Period. Okay. Oh, I mean, yes. We Gotta kill Connor. Okay. Miguel seems amazing. So I think you marry Miguel and you fuck Rob. Okay. Same you needed me to say Did same for you. Yeah, I did. Miguel, You say it. I can't say it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Fuck. Rob, what do you think like the sex would be like with Miguel? The thing is, no, You had sex with Miguel in the Hilton Cat's out of the bag. How was it? I mean it's Did you see his fucking heart challenge?


It was literally giving like he has like a past as a male stripper. Fuck. I am curious though. Obviously you've fucking seen the fan edits of you and Rob. Yes. They are everywhere. Yes. When you saw all these edits, were you surprised because it's like clearly what you're describing that you experienced in the Villa is not this romantic love affair and you're watching these edits that make it literally feel like you're Like don don't know any fucking main character in a movie that they're together. I can understand. No, I can understand why people were like invested in Rob and I. Yeah. We were like it felt like, like we were like twins. Yeah. It felt like we were like each other's like puzzle piece.


There were so many like moments where I was like, oh my God. Like they put him in here for me. I get it. Like I get it. I understand why because even I was like, I was like everyone in the villa was like, you and Rob are fucking adorable. Like everyone loved us. Do you think you will be ever friends Rob And I? Yeah, we are friends. I love Rob. I think he's a great person. Yeah, I do. I think he's so funny. I have such a good time with him, but I think we are good as friends. Okay. Just friends. Okay. Last couple questions and then we're wrapping up, I promise. Okay. How do you feel about the reunion? I'm excited for the reunion. I really am. I'm excited to go there And, like be outside with my people and just see them again.


I'm excited about it. Like what do I think will happen in that time between, I'm not fucking sure this bunch though. I'm sure we'll find something to fucking do. Where? Where do Janae and Serena live? Serena lives in la Fuck yeah. Oh wait, oh my God. We're about to be outside. Oh my God. I didn't realize she lived here. Where does Janae live? Vegas. So she's up in this bitch too. You know? PPG back on the top. So it's Literally like a show. Like I can already See it. Oh no. It's literally like, oh, we're so excited. Should we all go to Vegas? Yeah. Will we get arrested? Probably.


Probably. Imagine Our mugshots though. Okay. Okay. Our birthdays. I can't, who are you dreading seeing? If you had to pick one person, it's gonna be a little messy. Dreading seeing who did I not like? Probably Hakeem. Wait. Oh, hold on a minute. Is ca Wait, wait. Rewind. Is ca is Kane gonna be there? Because that's, I'll put him in as my answer. Or like Josiah or something. Matter of fact, put all of classics except for Icky. Okay. That's a good answer. Who was the biggest drama stir in the Villa?


Kendall or me? Well, I was, mine wasn't unintentional. Okay. Kendall's felt a bit like he was, mine was like, mine was so unintentional. Like it was like just, it felt what? Felt like everyone said it felt like it was just following me and I kept trying to get away from it. Right. And, but then it was like, wait, wait, I'm catching up. And then I'm like, no, no, please. And then it's like, but I'm almost there. And then it would latch onto me and I'd be like, fuck me. Yeah. Does that happen to you in your personal Life usually? Usually, yes. No, it's really horrible. I think it's a like a, because I'm a triple Leo so I think that's, that's the issue here. It finds me. I'm telling you, I will, I could sit here on your couch and something, some way someone would bust through this door that you would never think like fucking Dwayne the Rock Johnson could come in here right now and say like, what did you do to me last night?


and I would be like, wait, we've met Leah. I'm serious. Like, I don't know. I believe you. How Or why? I believe you because we watched it. Okay. Who was the funniest Or Me and Serena is, but also though Jana is funny as fuck. Okay. That's right. PVG. Yeah. That's the answer for ties. Who was the horniest? Everyone's saying it's wrong. Can you believe You had sex? The wor? Yeah. Miguel and I were dying. He Goes, he goes. No, it was so bad. Like Miguel came up to me the next day, had no idea I had sex and Miguel was like, yeah man. Like I can't like imagine having like sex in the room, like blah blah blah and Rob's like, me neither.


He literally had it last night. Dude. The thing is though, we wa we seen them fuck one night. No. Yes. We were both like this. We were dying. We saw Rob get up to get the condom and stuff. Stop. Yeah. I'm dead. Yeah. Who was The most genuine? Serena. Okay. Last question. What do you think is next for you? Like are you going to stay in school? Are you gonna be in Hollywood? What is happening? I would love, I wanna finish school but I also know that people want to hear from me. Yeah. I know people want to interact with me. See like they keep, if it weren't for people wanting to see me, I would probably just like head down, focus on myself.


But the love that I've been receiving is like I want to hang out with you guys. I wanna talk to you guys. I want do things something for you guys. I wanna do things with you guys. Yeah. Like it makes me really excited to, for like the future love. So I definitely somehow some way want to Leah. I know this is not the last we'll be seeing of you. Oh you're a fucking star bitch. and I love you. And you're a Leo so it feels right. Thank you so much for coming on. Call Daddy. Wait, can you tell me the story? What was the vision board? What is the manifestation? Vision board of Call Daddy. I was drunk as fuck in my hotel room writing down manifestations of what I wanted to come true. Waiting for them to come tell me, Hey, you're going on the show.


And it happened. No phone, Just vibes, fucking slammed. I'm writing in the notebook. It's like really messy too. 'cause I'm that drunk, like one eye open and then I'm just writing this shit down and then we're here. Here we are. But I also wrote down, I need to bring that journal to you 'cause it's funny as fuck You're gonna die. I rode in there, I said it day three, I've realized I should not be drinking alone. And then I said, I'm starting to feel like Tom Hanks and Castaway bitch. You had a TV and you were on the beach. Where were you? What are you talking about? When? When they put you away in the hotel? Yeah. How long were you in there? Like, oh, a week.


Almost two. Two weeks almost. My, I lost track of time. Oh, so this is before you went into the villa and I had no phone for a good amount of time. Wait, I Thought you were saying this is after the, you're saying before you started all this before. Before. Do you manifested Colorado before you even spoke on tv? Yes. Bitch by. Yes. Yes. You were already feeling like Tom Hanks and Castaway. Yes. Before you even Started filming. I look at me now. Fuck. Look at you now. You're free as a bird. Go live your fucking life. I can't wait to see what you do. I love you. I love you. This was fucking iconic. Thank you so, so much for having me. Fuck. We crushed crush.