
What is up. Daddy Gang. it is your founding father. Alex Cooper With Call Her Daddy. Daddy, daddy. Daddy. Do you want me to introduce you as Dave Bird or Lil? Dicky? You know, probably Dave Bird. Really? Yeah. Because I had in my mind Lil. Dicky. Yeah. But I get it. 'cause your name is Dave Bird. I'm a man right here in front of you named Dave Bird. Right? Like you're not Your name's not Lil Dicky. That's your rap name. Of Course. Okay. We should save all this for the thing, right? We're We're talk, I mean, sorry. That's where we're Yeah, we're recording. Okay. We're in. Okay. So Dave Bird. Yeah. Welcome to Call Her.


Daddy. Thanks For having me. Also known as Lil. Dicky. Yeah. How are you feeling today? Great. I love the colors. It's our new studio. We're still trying to figure it out. I would say. I love it. I'm having a panic attack 'cause I'm like a little OCD, so like I know everything that's wrong with this studio. I was actually just having a meltdown before you came here. What's wrong with it right now? So, I am really frustrated with the closeup shots because the, Is that the closeup is this, You can see the closeup shot. What I'm not loving right now. Yeah. Is the wide shot is phenomenal. You get to see the different textures and the colors. Yeah. But the closeup shot of you and I we're not there yet. I think my closeup is better than yours.


Would You agree? I think it's 'cause you got the nice hair. What's this? Yeah. Is that a pink? That pink book is great. We're we're gonna replace that pink book though, with a pink Call Her Daddy book. Okay. But we put it in there because I wanted to find something that I wanna like look basically exactly like that. But just say Call Her Daddy. Placeholder. Placeholder. Yeah. You know, we're still trying to figure out, I would say the lighting's still off. The Call Her Daddy sign isn't lit. We could go on and on. Yeah. The camera angles may be a little tilted. It's not perfectly centered. I'm honored to be a part of like the figuring it out stage Of this. Yeah. But you from like, just a complete outsider coming in, you were like, this is good. Yes. Does it make you wanna like spill your life secrets? Not inherently, but it just, like, if I had to like repaint my kitchen, I would repaint it like this mov that like, I, I would you say this is mov?


Yeah. It's like a, it's a very, very neutrally pinkish beige. Don't, That's one of my favorite colors is so Really? Yeah. Like I love this. I, I, you know, like I said, if I was buying a new house and I had to, and this is not just me saying it to you. 'cause I'm here in your Mav. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I would really like, I think that is the right color. I Can give you the color from my designer. Okay, great. It took me a long time because actually this studio is the exact color of my closet. Oh. and I wanted to feel like we were kind of in my house. Yeah. While not being in my house. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by eBay. This is what you do when you have high standards and fancy all the fancy things like a Dior saddlebag or that diamond tennis bracelet. You go to eBay, there you'll find new loves that will never disappoint expertly authenticated. Whether it's that vintage pearl necklace or brand new ruby earrings, a PR cross body bag or classic watches like that Rolex oyster or that Cartier tank on eBay. There are no limits to your high standards. Yeah. eBay, the place for new pre loved, vintage and rare fashion. eBay things people love.


This episode is brought to you by Botox cosmetic on a eum toxin. A did you know Botox cosmetic has been FDA approved for over 20 years. But here's the cherry on top. Botox cosmetic has an official loyalty program called Alle that is spelled A LLE. It's totally free to join and it's accepted at over 24,000 practices across the country. With Ali, you can earn points for Botox cosmetic treatments and get access to exclusive offers. There's even one going on right now to see if you're eligible for the offer and savings on your next Botox cosmetic treatment. You can visit botox cosmetic.com/chd. Talk to your specialist to see if Botox cosmetic is right for you. For prescribing information and box warning, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0 intended for us audiences only.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. Hi Daddy Yang. Do you ever feel like there are just too many apps for too many things? I know I do. I sometimes wanna chuck my phone into a river. Never look back. The apps just take up so much space on your phone and it is hard to keep the name straight. It's like, how are we organizing all this? What are we doing? Well, there is one trusted name that you already know that can help you do the work of several different apps. Experian, the Experian app can help you cancel unwanted subscriptions, look for car insurance and check your FICO score and credit report all in one place. You can also compare credit cards and loans, save time and money by letting their experts negotiate your bills to get you the best price. Experian the one stop shop for your financial health. Download the Experian app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed and some may not see any savings. Checking your match credit cards will not hurt your credit score. State restrictions apply. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation. Eligible paid. Membership required.


Okay. So how did you pick your outfit today? Oh, very little thought went into it. Thanks. It's comfortable. This is a matching top and bottom. So they're meant to be worn together. It's so comfortable. and I just like the, I like the way I look in it genuinely. Like I feel good. Like, I think I look good right now in the sweatsuit. I agree. I like your outfit a lot too. Thank you. I can give you my merch Is, oh, is that merch? I'm, it's My merch. Yeah. Unwell University. That's not an actual college. Got it. It should be though. Yeah. I didn't even read the words, but it's, it's really well designed. You just like the look. Yeah. You didn't even like hone It on. I just like the green. I like that we're both independently wearing solid. I kind of agree suits. I agree of comfort.


So I kind of want you to give like a little intro bio to yourself for the listeners at home. Yeah. The viewers at home that are like Dave. Who Is this guy? Who is this guy? Like, give us a little elevator pitch. Yeah. I was born in a town called Cheltonham, Pennsylvania. It's like a suburb outside of Philadelphia. Yeah. Like nice man, love sports, love rapping music. I guess I'm a comedian at heart and professionally, always kind of like, love making people laugh. Probably my favorite thing to do in the world is to make people laugh. And I've really tried to take that attitude and create a lifestyle out of it, which I guess I have.


And yeah, I, I don't, I mean there's, I could go on and on. Is that a reasonable intro? That was perfect. Yeah. Okay. Because we're gonna get, we're gonna get into it, but I wanted you to be able to kind of like, tell me first so I have an interest in like where you went with it. Yeah. You are a comedian. Yeah. You have a show called Dave. Dave, which is out now. Yeah, Third season. Yeah. Yeah. You know guys the best season. Let's give them a little behind the scenes. Yeah. We're recording this a little before it comes out, but right now we're like, it is out. Go watch Season three. It's, yeah, it's out. It's the best season yet. So the show is loosely based off of your life. That's right. How do you describe the show to people that haven't watched it? Like I said, I've always been like a comedian at heart. So like my whole life I've been the guy that's like trying to make all their friends laugh and just like, I feel like conversationally being funny is where I thrive more than like the way like Will Ferrell can do all these like, really dynamic personas.


Like, I'm kind of trying to be funny in the moment and I feel as though my show like tries to capture that realism of like a coming of age guy and his group of friends as they're trying to achieve their dreams in life. Mine, which in the show and reality is being a professional rapper, I've lived this life like I am a rapper and I for a while I was only a rapper. I didn't have this show. And as that was happening, I was like, you know, able to observe and be like, this life that I'm living is so inherently funny. Like the, the setting couldn't be more fruitful for a, a comedy TV show. It's kind of interesting to hear you say that too, because I feel like a rapper, most rappers are not also comedians. Right. Yeah.


It's cool that I do both. Right. I think that's cool of me. Which one Do you like more? I love them both evenly. Okay. Truly. Okay. Like even and, and, and even as a rapper, I, I inject my comedy and even in my comedy I inject my rap. So it's like they kind of go hand in hand to an extent. Yeah. Yeah. So that being said, rap is certainly like a young man's game. Like, am I gonna be a rapper when I'm 50? I don't know. But will I still be making really funny content? Definitely. Oh, so you've got like longevity. I don't wanna rule out rapping when I'm 60. Like I feel like I'd if I can do that. That's awesome. Yeah. You could be bringing it in your sixties. Well, you know, I could be cool. You could be Figuring it out. Yeah. So your name is Dave. That's right. And we're talking about your show Dave. Yeah. But now let's talk about you Dave.


Okay. You grew up in Pennsylvania. Tell me about your childhood. What was it like? Amazing. Incredible. Had the best parents still have the best parents? Like, felt so unconditionally loved, had the best group of friends. The only like adversity trauma was penis related. Let's talk about That. Yeah. Your rap name Lil Dicky stems from the fact that you had a medical issue. Yeah. I, I, well exactly. Lil Dicky, when I think of that as a rap name, I think of like small penis, which really isn't, but it's like, it's, I think the spirit of the rap name was based off of the bleak truth of growing up and immediately having to get like operated on on my dick. Why did you have to get operated on?


It's called hypo staus. Okay. Which is, first off there was several operations and I don't even know all the facts at hand because I wasn't, I was so young, Like how young I've just reached. I just told my assistant, I said, Hey, like can we look into my medical records from like the birth And? like all that? 'cause I just like my, even my parents like, they can only like, they're like, oh yeah, I think it was that. And then I'm just trying to get like the actual true facts. How young newborn, like newborn baby, like has to get surgery on his dick. My urethra was so tangled. It was like my mom says it was like a corkscrew. Oh my in. That's so interesting. So Couldn't piss.


Right. I I mean they were projecting I wouldn't be able to come. Right. They were projecting that for me. And so you'd multiple Jesus Christ. Yeah. That is like, so you went basically 'cause normal like little boys. You're like, it may be I guess in the United States you're getting circumcised. You had to get multiple surgeries. I was like overly circumcised. I was like, you know, I, I did get circumcised too, so Right. But like yes. I, they had to fix the tangled urethra. On top of that, there was like this condition called hypos SPADs that like isn't necessarily, it's, it's really a dislocated pee hole. Oh, interesting. Yeah. Does it, is it actually not at the tip? Like is your pee hole like on the side of your penis? Do you wanna give it? Yeah, let's give a little example. Yeah, there you go.


Yeah. Okay. Okay. Like, let's just keep it real. So this is a boner. Yep. That is a boner. Or any dick. This looks like a boner more than A softer Celsius is like thanks. Right here in the middle is where most guys' pee holes are. Mine is there. So like if a girl is giving you head or a guy is giving you head, sometimes there's like a little swirly thing you can do with your tongue to kinda like go in the pee hole. Okay. So they would have to go down and Whatever swirly thing you would do to the underside of the head would be where my pee hole is. Got it. I, I do, I mean I've never had another. Yeah. Here The whole rest of the interview you're just like holding the shaft.


I've never had another dick, so I don't know what like getting head's supposed to feel. Like. I do think that I have less sensitivity in my dick because of the surgeries that I've had. So You don't like blow jobs. I like blow jobs, but it's not, I'm not like, like honestly I prefer a lubed hand job to a blow job. and I couldn't tell you why. I assume it's probably because I think I just feel headless as opposed to like the tight grip Of a, the tight grip gets you going more than the sloppy toppy delight situation. Yeah. Yeah. Would you like both a little handy and a blowy Maybe? Sure. Okay. I can just, all I can tell you is I have a surprising affinity for the lube hand job.


Like I love it. I think sometimes at least I feel like as women we get nervous to do the hand job. Yeah. Because it's like, how am I gonna do that better than you can do it yourself? It's it's, it's a third party. Yeah. It's like nothing feel, you know what I mean? Like it's just obje. Like any third party touching a human feels like if I scratch my own head, that's not gonna feel better than even my hairdresser scratching My head. What's coming? Yeah. Like when you're doing it yourself, you're like I know where I'm gonna go next. Yeah. With my fingers. The third party. Yes. It's like where are we gonna go with it? Yeah. Okay. So your childhood, aside from the penis surgeries Yeah. Was pretty great. It Was great. What Was, tell me about your parents. They're great. They're, they're Jewish parents that my mom is a therapist.


Same. I Mean Yeah. Is really the same. I think we have a lot of similarities in terms of like growing up Penn, Pennsylvania, my parents are still so in love. Yeah. I was like, well you guys fucked me up because I'm never gonna find someone as good as dad. Right. And it's just like I had a pretty normal childhood for then I think where relative to like where we are now. Yeah. But the Jewish, I'm dating a Jewish guy. Good For you. So I, How's that going? It's as if, I wish my mother would've sat me down at a young age and said, listen to me date a Jewish man and only dated Jewish man. Hmm. I don't know how I didn't have this energy in life. Life prior. You didn't have, yeah. Like it's just so much better.


Everything is better. Yeah. Everything is bigger and better and happier and just like, he's amazing. So your parents, were they strict? Oh Yeah. They were. Tell us about it. I mean I thought of them as like kind of strict but I never like when I, but when I look back at the facts at hand, like, I mean I never drank or smoked at all in high school. Okay. In part because of the rules and regulations that were applied to the household. First off, I had the earliest curfew of all my friends. Every time by default. It's just like it is what it is. But even independent of that, I had to come home like when I was junior, senior in high school, I had to wake my parents up, blow in their nose if my mouth smelled like obviously alcohol done. But if it even smelled like mint or gum done, like if there was any like Yeah.


So it's like I couldn't, isn't that crazy? Wait, What did they think was happening with mint or gum? They thought I was drinking and then trying to cover it up with the mint or gum. Yep. Yep, Yep. Yep. So I never even drank. But I also, I think deep down was relieved by these rules. 'cause I wasn't even socially ready. Like I was like fearful of like drinking and Wait, why do you think that was? I don't know. I honestly think, I don't know. I think truly the reason I bring up my dick is because it created this like layer of like insecurity that was ever present socially. Especially like once people started dating And, like hooking up And. like now they're playing Spin the Bottle and it's like so stressful. And like I just like associated like I think drinking with like romance.


Yep. And and romance with like, oh my God, but does my dick even function? Interesting. And so I was just like pretty avoidant of like, you know, even though I was like popular and I was cool, like I was so cool. Okay. There's so many things to unpack here. Hold on. Yeah. Rewind. Yeah. Number one, do you have siblings? I have one older brother. Interesting. But I carry myself like an only child, don't I? You do. Yeah. It almost feels like you just like popped out of the ground. Yeah. And like you're here. Yeah. I get though the concept of like, I had that a little bit also just 'cause I was a very competitive athlete of like drinking when you're at that age is kind of scary because all of your inhibitions go away and you're completely out of control of yourself.


Yeah. And at that point you have like no fucking tolerance. So you're like one beer in and you're like, let's do some crazy shit. Yeah. And if you were insecure about your penis, then obviously I could see you being like, I wanna be aware of how to like navigate these situations and not be inebriated. Yeah. And then like, go do something and I'm embarrassed the next day. When do you think you realized though you were embarrassed about your penis? Because like, no one knew about It. I can't remember a time where I wasn't like, I like it's like the earliest core thought. Yeah. Dave? Yeah. Oh. But I can tell you when I felt un embarrassed for the first time, which is, oh please share. Like I start my whole series of my show like at the urologist's office, like revealing all this information. It was just like a true cathartic moment for me to like, 'cause I don't know, I just think, I think I had this image in my brain for better or for worse of like what I am as far as like my legacy on this earth.


Right. and I think it was really largely tied to like this show being created And. like, so I feel like by becoming who I always thought I was with this show, I was able to like put behind my insecurities and just, I don't like, do you know what I'm saying? I Totally get what you're saying. Of sometimes the best way to deal with insecurity is to just go at it face first. Yeah. Like address it, acknowledge it. Be the first one in the room to laugh at yourself. Yeah. I had like really, really bad acne in high school and in middle school. But high school got so bad. Accutane. Oh, four rounds baby. I was on it last year that recently I just got off like three months ago. I got off.


You look great. Yeah. Was your acne on your face? Body. Body. Insane body. My back looked like Vietnam. Let's talk about that Vietnam situation. Yeah. Because I had it on my face. You had it on your back. I'm sure people listening are like, thank God. Normalize it because it's so fucking awful. Yeah. You hate it. You're embarrassed. I remember that obviously affected me like with my sexuality a little bit because I was so nervous I wanted to sleep at a guy's place. Yeah. Like I wanted to go And, like be there, but I was too afraid to wake up with no makeup in the morning. Sure. So I would literally, like if I did sleep over, I'd be like, yeah, I relate to that. Don't Fucking move an inch because I didn't bring makeup and I can't like fuck it up because I had such bad acne.


Yeah. How do you remember trying to compensate for an insecurity And? like going out of your way so people wouldn't know about something you were insecure about? Well, with the body acne, like literally like a, I would, I, first off, when I'm alone I sleep shirtless like I much, but like anytime I was with a girl, I would wear a T-shirt and I'd be like, oh yeah, I always sleep with a T-shirt. And then like if it was after we had sex, because I don't have sex in a T-shirt. Okay. But like, I remember like, like walking to the, because it was really my back, not my front. and I would be like, like I would like walk out of the room backwards and be like, I'll see you like in a minute. And then we'd like back out of the room. But like even in high school when I had more facial acne, this is one thing that I don't even think I told anybody.


You get the exclusive. Okay. Yeah. I used to go into my mom's makeup area, take little cotton swabs and scrape out her Laura Marci or whatever the fuck. Yeah. and I would scrape fucking makeup. And then I would, you know, have, and then, so every morning I'd wake up and I'd have these Q-tips that the end of it had makeup on it. And then I would apply it like to the spots. And then I would like, like if like I brushed my face And, like I'd be like holy shit. And I'd be panicked and I'd have to go to the bathroom and reapply it. and I never told anybody. And it was a big secret. I used to always have these little q-tips on me all the time. I appreciate you sharing that with me. Yeah. Because what I don't think is fair is for the fact that I had the ability to like put makeup on and then socially it's like you're wearing fucking makeup Dave.


Yeah. But it's like, yeah, I have a breakout. And it's like how Reddit gets and it's, it's fucking awful. Yeah. So I appreciate you sharing that because I've ever since I've just been like opened up about it. I hate using that word, like opened up about the struggles. But it's true. 'cause like when you're in those dynamics, you are so self-conscious people are staring at it. Yeah. You feel so embarrassed. You feel like gross and I think when it's also on your face, you're like, oh my God, are they listening to what I'm saying? Are they staring at me? Like I used to hold drinks just like when I'd be talking, if I had like, I would just be like, this the old Drink trick. Yeah. And it's like, it's not a great way to live. Yeah. So I appreciate you sharing that back to you didn't drink.


When do you remember was the first time you got drunk College? Like, I mean, where'd you go? University of Richmond in Virginia. That's a fun school, Right? Yeah. Yeah. So all of a sudden thrust into the world of like full on binge drinking, you know what I mean? Oh yeah. Having never even gotten buzzed and really stressful. Like totally in over my head. I, the thing that saved me was I had, you know how like some shock glasses are like taller? So I had this tall thin shock glass that I was told or was under the assumption that it was a double shot. So I would, I would go out and think I like all my friends. Like we would take like six to eight shots and go out And. like I would only take three of the, or four of the doubles thinking like I was taking eight and thank God.


'cause I, and You're like, guys, I'm fine. I've got the double. Yeah. Like, I don't need another one. I'm over here having doubles. But man, like, you know, at Richmond, it's so fraternity and sorority based and I'm like, not that guy. I am like not a, like I, it felt, and so like I I was like, you know, one of my roommates was like pledging a frat and I'm seeing this guy get woken up at like 2:00 AM with no like planning or any idea to like get blacked out drunk. They're not like, they have no clue what this guy schedules the next day. Like he could have like a huge exam, doesn't matter. And I'm like, I can't play this game. I that. Or they're like, they're waking me up and I'm getting blacked out. I can't do that. Like, I'm trying to get like a great GPA. So you were very socially popular you said in high school.


Yeah. But you're not drinking. Yeah. Did you play sports? I played tennis. I was a tennis team captain. Okay. On The most successful tennis team in the history of our high school. But like that didn't really give us any social cache. No one cared about that. Except I was gonna say, I don't think I would've given a fuck. I was just funny. I was just, I was just funny. So like, I was like, I'm class clown And. like I, you know, I was friends with all the popular kids or whatever, but like, I was never the guy that was like the girls wanted.


This episode is brought to you by the perfect couple. Get ready for the perfect end of summer binge with the perfect couple on Netflix adapted from Ellen Hildebrands bestseller. The Perfect Couple is filled with intrigue and deception. I am ready for a good new series, Daddy Gang. Get ready. When a body is discovered on the beach, Amelia Sachs dream wedding turns into a scandalous murder mystery. Okay. Amelia is about to marry into one of the wealthiest families on Nantucket. I love Nantucket. Featuring an all-star cast, including Nicole Kidman, Dakota Fanning and Eve Houston. Unravel the secrets of the perfect couple. The perfect couple only on Netflix. September 5th,


This episode is brought to you by Brooke Linen. My bedroom is my sanctuary. My bedroom is my happy place. And when I get into bed at night with my clean sheets, I truly have never been happier in my life. It's my happy place. Brooklinen really offers great value and they help you save. Check out the hardcore bundles that come with everything. You have a fitted sheet, flat sheet duvet, color, and four pillowcases. Start, end and dot your summer days with the reviving comfort of Brooklinen. Visit in store or online@brooklinen.com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. And get 15% off your first order.


Okay. So tell me, yeah, When did you lose your virginity? 19. So like I was like, and I was, it was like after freshman year of college. Like in between the summer, between freshman and sophomore year of college. Okay. Bring us there. Where were you? Who was this person? I Don't, I don't like give the names. I'm not gonna give the names. I'm not gonna, but all I can tell you is I just remember like my main thought being like, oh my God it, it functions my dick functions And. like, it was such a relief in that sense. Like I was like so nervous that it wouldn't like be big enough or like be the right angle. And like a girl comes on top or like, you know what I mean?


And? like Had you never jerked off? Oh my God, no one jerked off more. No. So you knew I was setting like land speed records for masturbation in like the Tri-state area. So I jerked off so much. No one horny or no one, no one coming more, but like, not with any woman. So for your whole middle school, high school experience, do you remember the first time you jerked off? Yeah. Tell me Britney Spears the music video where she's, it's it's like she's in the red suit, like on like Mars or something. Lucky. I don't think it's lucky. I think it's like, oops, I did it again.


Is it, what's the, not the school, not the school girl one. What was that one called? Does that, oops. I did it again. I don't think it is. I know what you're talking about. She's in the red fucking light top. There's not even a piece of skin showing, you know, it's like a bizarre choice. Like it's just, she's never been more covered. But yeah, it was Britney Spears and I first off. So I was, I was jerking off. Felt the feeling of of about to come and was so scared by, it was so different that I stopped and I didn't come and I. And then I didn't revisit it until like six months later at summer camp. And then I creamed. Yeah, You like edged yourself for six fucking months.


Yeah. You're like, And then man, like was deep in it. I Knew man was born Every day at least once. I was, yeah. I mean the, the women were blossoming and I was like, just like, you know, the music videos that were out TRL. Are you kidding? How are you, how are you gonna watch TRL without jerking off at least one time, You know? Thank you for sharing that. Yeah. Because I thought you were gonna say you splu to Britney Spears, but to know you started and you were just too afraid because of your dick or because of like shame or whatever. I don't think it was dick or shame. It was just an overwhelming feeling. I was like, whoa, like new feeling in life. Like, I'm kind of like risk averse.


Like not like, you know how people like to be outta their comfort zone. Don't like that at all. Hate the feeling of being outta my comfort zone. So when I felt that sensation of like pre-cum, You're Like, no, not ready. I wasn't ready. Not ready. Yeah. When was the first time, like a woman touched you sexually? Was it the first time you lost your virginity? No. Okay. Well tell us that. I said I wasn't like the guy that got girls, but I was certainly best friends with all, every, all the, and so I was like hanging out with all the hot cool girls in my school. And then one day, like, first off, lemme tell the story of my first kiss. Just so you're like aware of like the climate. Bring us through the timeline.


I'm the last guy to like, everyone Like. don don't know if they used to call it like deep pruning. Did you ever hear that? Yeah. Yes. You're so fucking prude. Let's deep Prude you. Yeah. Like, oh. So everyone in my entire circle had kissed someone except me. I was the last one And. like, I'm sitting in like my friend's basement And like, they're like, they're like, please someone's gotta just kiss him. And I'm just sitting there and then like one of the girls is like, just do it. And she was like, she was like, really? And then like she went And, like had like a foot. She was like, hold like, let me, and then the girls like went in the bathroom. And like had like a 10 minute convo while classic while I'm like waiting to see how it netted out. And then she came out and she was like, okay.


and I did it and it was like really over. It was like the feeling of saliva, like tongue to tongue. I'm kind of a germophobe. It's like weird. But I was thankful that I was given the opportunity. Did you Feel in that moment embarrassed so that everyone was like, just fucking do it for Him? I was so I, I like yes, but it was so like my default state of like how I was socially and how that it didn't feel new. It felt like I was, this was just like the state of life. It, it felt unremarkable. But like when I think back to it, I'm like, that's interesting. That is, yeah it is. But I was relieved to like now like to like have like, that was more of a relief I think than losing my virgin. Although that was a big relief as well. Okay. I was in college. Well we're gonna go through all the release today. Yeah. So Then I had this opportunity one time where like I was hanging out with two girls and they were just like, do you wanna feel our boobs at the fir?


But this was before I even kissed a girl. So actually this was before that. Okay. Dave. And so I actually felt breasts before ever kissing a girl. And I was like, my rep, like around town was like, I was really good at like tickling the breast And, like making the nipple hard. And I was like, I felt, I felt pride. Did you have any technique when you actually did it? Or were you Really just like, no, just instinctive touch. Just like, I think, I think I have a good touch. Like I have a good delicate touch. Like me as a lover is not like a, an aggressor. I'm like really gentle and sweet and delicate and I applied that even back then. But like for example, I felt both their breasts at the same time and they were like, now let us feel your dick And. like, it was like a siren. It was like, you know, as if like a bomb got dropped and all I heard was the white noise.


and I had to like make up an excuses to like why I, I wasn't ready. I didn't, my dick was so small and fucking scarred. Oh. and I just couldn't even deal with it. So I made up an I was like, ah, no. And made up some excuse that I can't even recall. And then I'm telling my friend about this experience. I'm like, man, like I just felt their boobs at the same time. And like they wanted to feel my dick and I was, and then my mom was on the other end of it and she was like, hang up the phone right now. And then I had to go up there and be lectured by my loving wonderful parents about how like the crowd I was moving with was too fast and I and I was literally like, what does it even matter?


'cause I'll never show anyone my dick anyways. 'cause the whole and I started crying. Like, that's kind of like what was going on. I was like crying in front of my parents about my dick sucking. And What did your parents say? They were so sweet and they, and they were like very empathetic. They didn't realize it was still bothering me and but very awkward conversations to be having like wanted no part of them. Totally. I love how your mom is like, this crowd is moving too fast. You're like, I've been the last to get kicked. Yeah. I don't drink. Yeah. I literally give you my breath every fucking night I Come home. Exactly. Yeah. I couldn't be moving slower. Literally. Yeah. Would you have conversations with girls that you start? I can't, it's It's okay. Don't. That's Okay.


You're like a contortionist. It's gonna get better. You're gonna come back on for season four and we'll have it all figured out. Ergonomically sound set up. What's the youngest you had got a girlfriend. Senior year of high school. Okay. So when you had your girlfriend, senior year of high school, are you telling girls? No. No. Oh my God. No. So You're the perf you're really good at avoiding Yeah. And coming up with like can't right now 'cause I gotta, my mom's over there. Like how would you avoid it? I mean, outta control the lighting whenever like for years, like really like up until like maybe 2018, like really like can't or daytime we, this is, we don't do the stuff in the daylight, you know, and just, I, I have like a funny like that I can like disarm with comedy I guess.


Right. But yeah, no, I was very avoidant and, but I will say this in my experience, like once I was like, there was a point in time where I was just like, fuck it, let the light occur and I feel as though for The most part, a lot of women might not exactly know exactly what a dick is supposed to look like. And so when I realized that, 'cause it's not that crazy. Okay. What's crazy about it? I don't know when they appear, but I had these little black dots on my dick. Okay. Like a freckle, Bigger I'd I'd say like a poppy seed. A Poppy seed, Like three dimensional.


Cute. And I was like, mom, I gotta have these black dots removed from my dick. Okay. So I got 'em removed. One of the black dots got like, I guess I don't, my this is, and this is all like my theory, right? Like don don't even, that's why I'm asking for the medical records. Yep. Yep. All I know is I had black dots got 'em removed. Then after I got one of 'em removed, all of a sudden where one of the black dots was pee now shoots outta that like spot. So I, when I pee, I actually have a main hole that's dislocated to begin with this main hole as if I didn't have enough problems, a new hole that's like, so it's like a pin prick. You wouldn't even be able to really see it. You would if I like stretched my dick out and said look right in this spot.


So when I piss it's two holes and it's like, like if I, I have to, when I pee at, at like a urinal, like I take my finger, my pointer finger and I clog it and I just piss on my finger every time I pee. Or if I'm by myself, I'll pee sitting down to avoid that and just, it'll trickle all over my balls. I Was gonna say, you could sit down. That's always better. I sit down every time I pee. But in a public setting, I mean Right. You're, it's got a men's room in the, the stall is like The most atrocious place on Earth. I get it. Okay. First of all, I just wanna say I do, 'cause I know there's a lot of joking that goes around this. I actually really do appreciate you being so open about it. 'cause one, I know we said like deal with your insecurities head on. Yeah. However, I think that something that is like your dick, or like for women, it's like your tits are like, what does your labia look like?


It like it is a huge thing that can affect your self worth And. like how you feel about yourself. oh, my God. Yeah. And so I appreciate you being honest because I can imagine there's so many fucking people that are so insecure about a body part and I think, especially for men, it's like that is like what gives you your manhood. Yeah. And so I can imagine like as much as you've now turned it into like you've joked about it and you've made it your own and it's like, that shit is like kind of fucking scarring. Yeah. No pun intended. It is like, it's like really It's, I really think, I don't think anything has informed like the DNA of my personality more than like, I'm not like bringing it up because I think it's like, this is so funny.


It's like, it's not like a lowbrow thing. I actually think it's like interesting that how this has totally like, shaped like my per personality. I think anytime you have an insecurity And, like we talked about, like you avoid, you like deflect, like you become so good at avoiding just like accepting yourself, which is really what it is. Yeah. Now that you've been so open about it in your career, has it alleviated in terms of when you meet? Like, do you have a girlfriend right now? Yes. Okay. So let's, we'll get there. But like before even meeting your girlfriend or your girlfriend now, because you're so public, like my name's Lil Dicky, I'm owning all this. Does it alleviate the pressure now of when you meet a potential romantic partner?


Yeah. That you kind of are like, yeah, it's my bit. Like my dick has got this shit. Like, what's up? Yeah. Pretty much. I would say I also was like, man, am I just like putting such a bullseye on like pay attention to this? Like, you know, if you weren't paying attention before now, like maybe I'll really, luckily I, I met my girlfriend like right when the show came out. So I was even like, I even, there's one episode of season one of my show that's like deeply about this exact topic. and I remember like the second date I had with her, she was at my house and I showed her the episode that wasn't even out yet because I just wanted her to like know all the facts at hand and feel that relief. What Was her reaction? Cool. Great. Like she, she's all, it is like this, this woman's my soulmate.


Yeah. So I think I got a lot more confident when I became a successful rapper. And like still, like Lil Dicky was like my shtick, but like, it wasn't like, I wasn't announcing like the true details. I was like, I have a small dick. Like it was, but it wasn't like I have a small several times operated on Dick with dislocated holes and extra holes. Like it wasn't all the details. Right. and I just think I had enough sexual encounters pre those details. But post Lil Dicky that like went favorably. Like were like I was creating an orgasm from the woman, you know, And. like, I just felt like a competent lover. And so I think I just, I was able to, I think it's more about like how you work it and, and just being like sweet and I.


Don't know A gentle lover. Gentle Genuine, yeah. To the tits. Yeah. Like I had a gentle touch. I guess another last question to wrap that up is like, how did you take me to the moment when you decided you were going to have your rap name be Lil Dicky. Like don. Don't know how I came up with the idea, but like, I had the idea and then I was like, well I, I wanted to do like, I felt like especially initially I was like, my whole thing's gonna be, that is, I'm the opposite of what you expect a rapper to be like. So it's like, what, what, what is a name that like totally encapsulates that vibe? So like to me like rap is very hyper masculine, very like, I'm the man. So I thought I'm very self-deprecating in all ways.


So I thought I wanted my rap name to be like totally self-deprecating, thought of Lil Dicky and then made a whole list of names for like, months trying to beat Lil Dicky and I never beat it. and I was just like, okay, I think this will like the ba the second best one to me was, and it is a good one. and I sometimes ask myself, would I have been as successful with this rap name Young man Hearing that Young man's dope. Young Man's great. Yeah. Someone should be young man. Someone out there should be young man. However, yeah, there's no personal. Yeah. It doesn't have that Z. Right? It's like, who the fuck is Lil?


Dicky? What? Yeah, I know. See, so I view my rap name like, honestly, truthfully, I hate my rap name, but I also love it. Okay. Because it's like, I think Why do you hate it? Because it's just like when like when I see people on the street, they're like, yo, Dickie, I just like don't see myself as like Dickie, you know, like, I don't like, like it doesn't, I don't like, I go like a little bit cringey when people were like, yo, Dickie Like don. Don't I, I never grew up people calling me Dickie. Had it been Lil Dicky? Would you have like that? Like, Hey Dick, I think I might, but Lil Dicky is too like, I don't know, like too overt. Like with Lil Dicky I think it was perfect. 'cause you're thinking like, is it, is that what he like, like, But now that you've been so open, you could get rid of the why. Like you could leave this room today and say it's Lil Dicky.


I love Lil Dicky. It's like, it's, it's, it's the, it's the, it's my curse and my blessing and I. I bear it and I bear it proudly. Yeah. It's interesting to meet you in person because am I not What you thought I would be? No, I think you're like way more like sensitive and normal and grounded. And. like you're really funny. But I can tell that like, now knowing more about you, where you came from, like you're of course you're funny, but like you're a really, how do I say this? You're like a really sweet guy. Thank you. That is like in a very flashy world.


Yeah. That can get a little bit misinterpreted. Sure. Especially because you're playing a version of yourself on a show. But naturally, I mean, I felt it sometimes with my show where I'm like, I don't talk every minute of the day. So like in the past shows I like never shut the fuck up and I was talking about sex and dating and relationships, but it's like, I'm not doing that all the time. Yeah. So I'm, I am relating to a little bit in the sense of like who you're portraying online and a character. Even you just being like a rapper. Let's just start there like Yeah. Rappers Have a certain persona. Yeah. You know what I mean? And you're not Especially me. You know, it's like I Yeah. The show really I think helped for anyone who was Like don don't know about that Lil Dicky guy.


Seeing the show is like, even if I'm not the same exact, it's way more than just like seeing a music video of a guy. Yes. Like rhyming. Yes. And everything's rhyming. Good point. Good point. Like talking in a rap voice and I think with the show. I, I I do, I want to come. I don't like, I don't wanna be an unlikable character and I think I'm, I'm not


This episode is brought to you by Tylenol. Why am I excited to be partnering with Tylenol? You may ask because I know and they know that greatness hurts. When I was playing soccer in college, I had muscle cramps or I pulled one of my hamstrings to be great. You have to push yourself to limits that sometimes can hurt. Greatness hurts. So Tylenol will be there with care to help you keep chasing it. Tylenol provides pain relief for the champion in all of us. It's the number one doctor recommended brand of pain relief and fever reduction. That's Tylenol, that's Care Without Limits. Visit tylenol.com/greatness herz to learn more. Use as directed


This episode is brought to you by two-faced. If there's one thing I don't have time for. Daddy Gang. It is a huge bag of makeup. It is my nightmare when I like look down and I'm just looking, I'm just looking for a little concealer and I have to trudge through my bag. It's just not happening. I love makeup that can be used in different ways. Like the bestselling born this way super coverage, multi-use concealer from two face cosmetics. I have always used two face. I had a really like old video I made on YouTube and I was rewatching it and I'm like, oh my God, I forgot every single product. I just would use two face and it always works. and I still use it to this day. I've been doing it since high school. You can use this product to conceal, to highlight, to retouch this natural finished concealer flawlessly hides every imperfection. It is so light, hydrating, nourishing. You'll want to use it all over and it doesn't crease. Thank goodness. It is now available in travel size priced at only $16. Perfect for your summer getaways. Born this way. Super coverage, multi-use concealer from two face cosmetics. Click or tap the banner to visit sephora.com to shop.


Now you said that the writer's room for your show Dave, is like a group therapy session except it's one where the sole focus is on you. Yeah. Which is kind of fucking interesting. What is a hard truth that you've been hit with in the writer's room, if ever? 'cause everyone's focusing on you. Yeah. Like, Dave, what are we like? Yeah. Like What are your flaws, man? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like how do they Manifest themselves? Is there anything that you've in a writer's room been like, fuck, I need to like think about that more. I'm pretty self-aware and I and I. I, I've never felt like, and I guess the writers do a good, I can tell that they all genuinely like me. And like we, I'm friends with a lot of them and I think, you know, I've told them, I'll tell them stories of like my selfishness. Like, but it's like they're, I've always known I was selfish.


So it's like I I I just by default have like, kind of always lived life and it's a privileged perspective to have, but like trying to maximize my self-interests. And like, you know, for example, just like dating, I never got girls growing up. Like, oh, now I'm a, a famous rapper and I have social leverage. Like I have my pick of the litter. I think that's, it's kind of an abusive power And. like, especially the way gender dynamics are by default and con current society. It's like not an even playing field to begin with. So then for me to be like, this is my competitive advantage, you're not thinking about the other person as a human being. And. like, it's like, right. You know what you're like trying to be like, oh I, I deserve the best girl.


I'm waiting till I, I have like perfection and a woman and no one's ever gonna be perfect. And that's a flawed way to date. That's really a privileged way to think about things in general because we're operating as men under the skewed power structure where And like my, I went on so many dates, like no one has dated more than me and I. I feel like the main thing I would learn as I talked to the women that I was dating was how shitty guys are interesting. And, and I think that it's just a, a, a current climate where I think by default you, it's like the norm is where like the man has like, you know, think about like the way even proposing works. A woman has to just wait until the man decides they're worthy enough to then it's like all kind of so baked in.


It's so true. Just having those with my girlfriend or having the conversations with the women in the writer's room, And like, not ever realizing that that like, I never think to myself, I'm not like a shitty guy with girls. Like, I really don't feel that way. I, but with, I don't think I realized that just even by default, by just allowing the status quo to be what it is, I am being kind of shitty in a way. and I that's something where I was like, huh. It wasn't more like, oh man, I feel so bad about myself. It's more I'm so happy that I'm in a position where I get to have these conversations and learn and then make art that can portray that. And then so some other guy who's watching it could be like, do I behave that way? And like make them ask them them. Those questions. Thoughts? Dave? I'm really impressed.


I you said it and you didn't need to say it. 'cause I, as I've been sitting here with you and I, guess it's 'cause we both have, you know, therapist mothers, but like you are very self-aware and I think it's really refreshing to hear a white hetero man with money and Yes. Power just be like, oh yeah. Like I think it's so obvious to me that this is the dynamic. Yeah. and I think on top of it having fame, it, it makes it even harder I think for women to look objectively at a situation if they're on a date with you and feel like I, I have an equal say in this. Like, yeah, they're just happy to be there sometimes because of the power dynamic is so off.


Yeah. That I think it's interesting to hear you talk about coming to the realization and then when, so you met, when did you meet your girlfriend? 20. 20. So you were already famous. Yeah. How did that go? How did you meet? One of the writers on my show Vanessa Woman I love, I kept saying, you know, you gotta set me up. Like, you know, I was like real, I'm a hopeless romantic for sure. Like, I, like, I wasn't like going on all these dates to like, fuck I was going to like meet my wife. Like And, like I worked so hard that simply having a date set up in the week was like my like beacon of hope that like I would work to her. I was like, I can't wait till Thursday when I meet Lauren.


We're just making a name up. Right. And, like, maybe Lauren's my wife and then like I'd meet Lauren and I'd be Like don don't know. And, and then I would be like, well onto the next one. Which is like, kind of like a, an unfair way to approach. I knew that I would always have in theory kind of, I, I know that my personality, I really am nice and for The most part I'm gonna like be able to get the second date. Yeah. and I think I went into every date being like, is this my wife? Am I blown away? Am I fully blown away to the point where like, I can't even think about like, no. Okay then it's not right for me and it's Okay wait before we move forward from that. That's so interesting. So you went on, on these dates and did you, how like vulnerable do you get on these dates? 'cause I thought it was interesting that you said all these women, the common theme was them talking about like how shitty guys are, but I feel like it's because you're such a good guy that they immediately like, why aren't guys like this treating women like this?


Like, were you being overly sweet to these people? Well, I think I'm being kind of, I think I just, you're yourself kind of by default. M sweet. I, I definitely like, if I'm on a date, I'm trying to be charming. Like I'll be like, you know. Super. Did you have any things you would do on dates that was like your go-to Oh yeah. Tell Us All the place. First off my go-to pickup line. Okay. Every time was, excuse me. What's your availability as far as being hit on right now? Like, are you open-minded to that type of thing? Or not even remotely? It's Good. Yeah. And it's just, it's like, what else am I, I'm not gonna be like, Hey, how's your night going? I don't even know you, You know what I mean? Has anyone ever been like, fuck off?


They've been like, oh, not, I'm not open. I have a boyfriend. But like, that was nice. That was good. Yeah. Great feedback with that line. That's fucking great. Thank you. Very Why? Why? It's all such bullshit. Right? Just be like, Hey, like, are you down to get hit on by me in this moment? Right. Or not like, you know? Yeah. To be transparent. Yeah. I met my girlfriend at the right time for sure. 'cause it was covid And, like, like it allowed me to like slow down And, like give love a shot. And. like I, my current girlfriend is my soulmate. Like, I'm just obsessed with her. When she met me, she was fresh off of like a long breakup. And so she wasn't like trying to get into a relationship either. So I think for her I was like, oh, cool. Like, like rapper, like, you know, funny guy.


Like, this is an exciting thing for me to, I never thought this was gonna be the next guy I dated and I think I just, she was like, like it was good for her to have some, something to like really look forward to. Like, her whole life just changed due to her last breakup. You know what I mean? Yeah. And then I think we just like fell in love with each other. And we're gonna talk a little bit more about that. Yeah. I do have one more question about your penis. Yeah. Two questions, because then I wanna go more into the relationship side of things and sex. What is your relationship with your penis now at this very moment? I love it. I love it. The way you love like a flawed Pixar character.


It's like this charming, like Pixar character that's like a little bit misshapen. I, for example, you know, talk about my dick all the time. And, like the guys who, who made the score for the first two seasons of the show, or like, my, I love these men. Like, they're like, I, they're like one of my best friends in La And. like, I love hanging out with them, but they had never seen my dick. And like, they were obviously, they were like, what? Just show us your dick. Yeah. and I showed it to them and they were just like, man, you, you couldn't, like, I was worried that it was gonna be like over hyped, but like, I've never like thought something was like smaller and bigger at the same.


It's like so small yet it's so big. It's so like, like fucked up, but like, so beautiful. They were like, it's this perfect, like, contradicting thing that like, like they really were blown away. And. like, you know, every now and then when we're like struggling to like come up with score, like, and I can tell they need motivation now. Like, show them my dick and they'll be like, all right, I'm ready to, I'm ready to lock in. Picturing Turing, you standing there in that room just pulling your pants down. Oh. And then like, Okay. There are scenes that we've like scored for the show where like literally like two men are like playing the keyboard and I'm just like, butt naked sitting there Because it just gives them such motivation.


It's Just, yeah, it's just funny. It's a funny thing like, right, there's certain Like don don't know if you've seen season two, like where, like me and Benny like do that. Like, there's, have you seen that episode? I haven't seen that episode. Okay. Yeah. Good. You'd have a lot of questions, I think. But there's like a certain, like Jewish, like there are times where like, I've jerked off And, like other guys were in the room as a kid. And, like we're all just jerking off at the same time in the same room. Is that a Jewish thing? I dunno if it's a Jewish thing, but it might be like a suburban Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania thing. Fucked up kid thing. Yeah. I'm gonna ask my friends if they ever jerked off in the same room in a Pennsylvania basement. I'd love to know the stats. Yeah, I'll let you know. Yeah. If you could tell your 10-year-old penis something Oh, what would you say to him?


Girls don't know what it's supposed to look like. It's all gonna be okay. It functions, it works. It's like it will develop like, really, like, it's like a nice weight. There was one time I remember where like I expressed insecurity about like, the length of my dick And, like a woman said, like, it's so, there's such girth and that there's, you can't, there's nothing better than a well weighted dick, she said. And that, that stuck with me. So I would say, Hey man, you got a weird dick, but it's gonna work, it's gonna work out well and, and you're gonna be able to create the female orgasm. And that's, that's all that matters.


I will say a smaller penis is better for, yeah. I personally think a smaller penis is better for allowing a girl to have an orgasm. Cool. Because you can just hit a little bit more near that area where a large penis And, like you're more near my belly button. Yeah. That's not where like the g-spot area is. Yeah. Let's like back it out. Yeah. So like, put half of it in there. Yeah. But for you, yeah. You can enjoy yourself going all in. I get all in and then I'm, I'm in and that now I'm wiggling, you know, I'm in and I'm, I'm slow grinding. Right. You know, it's not, it's not. I'm not doing that. No, We're in, we're marinating. I'm oh, my God.


We're we're your girlfriend's, like why were you doing it on that show? Speaking of your girlfriend. Yeah. Do you guys live together? Yeah, We just got a puppy. What Kind? Cockapoo. Reggie. Reggie. Oh, he is the cutest. You Should have called him young man. Maybe I will. There's still time. Okay. I could be his nickname. What is something that you learned about the opposite sex by living with your girlfriend? I feel like there's no friction whatsoever as far as us living together. That's great. She we're very similar. I've actually never met anybody from a personality perspective more similar to me than my girlfriend. So it's like, it's bizarre. and I didn't know who I was gonna end up with. Like, as far as, I kind of always thought like, whoever I'm going to end up with is gonna be the opposite of me to like that.


But it's, it's actually not, it's actually great to be like so on the same page about everything in life. I agree. So it's Do you wanna get married? Yeah. Have you talked about it? Yeah. Talk about it all the time. That's great. It's gonna Go down. Yeah. Have you thought about how you're gonna propose? A little bit, but not, not it's, I'm, so basically it'd be like the way I am with my show right now, like, I can't even believe I'm here. Like, I, it, it, I can't believe how hard it is to finish this show. Yeah. Like the post schedule, like this show is getting worked on in real time all the way. So it's like, I'm like, if I like hit my head on the way outta here and went to the hospital for two weeks, I think we'd like Miss Air dates, you know what I mean? oh, my God.


So it's like every day is like game seven right now. So for me, I don't, I don't wanna like even think about like that type of thing until like, I'm actually like, I wanna be able to focus on hurts. It's like, it's kind of a, like, it's, it's hard to date me in the sense that I'm always distracted with the task at hand. Are you neglecting your girlfriend? I don't think so. I mean, I mean, maybe in a sense. In a sense. I, I I, but not in a way that's surprising or Right. And it's like, because I think working from home is so nice because like now that she's not going into an, it's like it's, we're both always there. We're in, we're overlapping. I think what's most important is that I, I, when I'm with her and I'm not, it's like, don't neglect there. Like, you know, be present in that moment. Yeah. And I'm sure I think to be with someone, obviously like you, like I'm sure she, you guys have a good balance of like, she knows what you're, you're doing and you're grinding it out right now.


And you're at such a great point in your career that like, there's moments in relationships where you have to be there for your partner while they're going through it. Yeah. And then all of a sudden the show could be done one day and then it's like, you gotta be there for her with whatever she's going through. She Couldn't be more supportive. And like, it's so, it's so nice to have that. So good. and I couldn't appreciate her more or love her more. What is your taste in porn? Super hd. Like, you know, if there's anything non hd I'm not interested. I like, like I can just, I mean, I don't know if like, I like things that feel like real, like I, have you ever heard of like X art X dash art? No. Go Google or PornHub search X dash art and you'll see it's like very like slice of life.


Handheld, well lit, well shot. Huh? It feels so real. It's so, it's not like, it's like sweet on A tripod. It's, yeah, it's not on a tripod. I don't like when the dick is too big. Scary. Yeah. Like, can't relate. You know? I love watching head more than actually getting head. That's so interesting. Yeah. Well, because maybe you like jerking yourself off more than you like getting head probably. Yeah. So you can jerk off while you're watching someone get head, but you're like, but I don't have to get head. I can just jerk myself off. Yeah. What is the best skill you have to offer in the bedroom? I'd say I truly, my, my touch. Like, my sense of touch. Like when I'm like, when the hand is like drifting up the thigh, you know, like that's my, that You've got the hand.


I got the hand, I got the touch. Like a great tickle. A tickle. Yeah. So are you good at like fingering? Yeah. Have you been given that note? I think so, yeah. Okay. I feel like better about like, the way I, I get my hands on someone than I do like, necessarily like, going down on them. Okay. Not that I think I'm like, I just don't, I, I think like, I look at myself as like an artist with the touch going down. I don't know. I'm kind of like, it's like a free for all and I'm not even sure what's going on. I Love the self-awareness. 'cause some men need to recognize that. Like, if you don't know you're great at it. To every man listening. Don't eat a girl out if you really don't think like you know what you're doing. Yeah. Because it's actually so sad for us.


'cause we're like, how do I tell him just to come up and fuck me? Like, let's just, just stop. Just, just stop. Fingering is 10 times better because sometimes the guy doesn't know how to use the tongue, so it's like, let's just cut to the chase. You're not even rubbing my clit. Yeah. Like you're on like a random patch of skin. That's not even my labia. Yeah. Like we're not in the region. Yeah. For you to stay down there for more than like 30 seconds, just get up here. Yeah. So you're good with the touch? Yeah. Okay. Touch Guy. Have you ever made a sex tape? No. If you ever did, what would the tone of the sex tape be and how would you produce it? I Do think that I could have been like a porn star because of that like Pixar, like quality that like, I think would be like heroic for like the people to like see such a flawed dick in porn.


But I don't know, like, I don't know. This is like, this is tough. Like I do, like I don't send dick pics. Like You've never sent a dick pic in your life. Never. I think that's smart. Like no one needs a dick Pic anyways. No, my dick is too. No, I don't care how good a dick is or a bad, it doesn't matter. Yeah. No one needs a dick pic. Really? Yeah. I think like Pam and Tommy style, like vintage camera, like feeling like fly on the wall. And like, there's like a special moment between the two people. If I had to make one. What Is something unusual that turns you on? One of my favorite phases of sexuality is the moment where the, my dick is being touched over my underwear.


I'll be hooking up and I'm not just, I'm not speaking about my sexual original with my girlfriend still. I'm just saying my past experiences and like a girl will be trying to take the underwear off and I'll keep it on. I, I'll, I'll wait. 'cause that's my favorite phase is like the over underwear touching of the boner. That's like my favorite part of the whole thing. But do girls ever be like, oh, does he not want me to go down? I I probably just because I, yes, because I, they're like, oh, sorry. So clearly love the hand. Yeah, they're like, like, Yeah. And they're like, Lil Dicky. Oh. Like maybe doesn't, yeah. Yeah. Maybe that's almost, it's like a little lingering from your past of like, you used to actually be like, no, don't go down there and you hiked him up.


Hi. It Could be, it could be like, think about it. My underwear on like that's the thing, You know, You don. And now it gets you off that you actually will eventually, you know, you'll let them take it off. Yeah. But like, let's linger in the Yeah. For like, don't take them off yet in the foreplay. Yeah. I'm a big, I like foreplay. What Do you want people to know about you as we wrap up this episode? Like what is something you feel like is a little like misconception? Like you wish people got more about you? I don't know, I think I'm an open book, but I feel as though if I had to answer that question, I would say for the people out there who might see a Lil Dicky rap video and think, you know, that's like a satirical based joke about like, that requires like a tongue in cheek assholey adjacent perspective to know that there's probably thought behind it.


and I really value the joke. and I love making jokes and I honor the joke. And as a human being, I feel like I am a good man. A young man. Yeah. Young man. Little Vicky, thank you so much for coming on. This was so fun. I really had no idea what to expect. and I had a great time talking to you today. Great. Thanks for, did you have a good time? Yeah. Nothing too offensive. No, I thought time. Time flew.