
Hi, Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial.


Today, Haagen Dazs is made to be savored and enjoyed slowly introducing new Haagen Dazs Belgian waffle cones. A completely new experience that's S worth slowing down for, Available in four delicious flavors, including my favorite toasted Almond Fudge. It's a crispy Belgian waffle cone, full of luxurious vanilla ice cream, Topped with toasted almonds and milk chocolate curls, And finished with fudge sauce at the bottom. Daddy Gang, I love, love, love, a good vanilla chocolate almond combo. So get yourself some ice cream. New Haagen Dazs, Belgian waffle cones available at retailers Nationwide.


Insurance may all seem the same on the surface, but having insurance isn't the same as having State Farm. It's like getting a granola bar with a candle in it. When you wanted a three layer birthday cake, you wouldn't settle for just any dessert on your birthday. So don't settle for just any insurance when it comes to getting the help you need. State Farm is the real deal. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber Eats. Okay, Daddy Gang. We all know Uber Eats has the best selection of local restaurants, but did you know they also eat when it comes to a whole range of delivery services? Now that might be a lot to take in, so let's break it down. Okay. Uber Eats isn't just for locked in salad, bowl lunches, or pre-gaming. With Thai, when you can't make it to the store, you can just get about anything you need delivered straight to your door. With Uber Eats right now, you could be checking off your whole shopping list. Okay? Of course, I'm locked in on Uber Eats when it comes to getting my lunchtime sandwiches or a good, delicious meal after work. But say I need a little cocktail at the end of the day, Uber Eats is my go-to spot to get all of the ingredients I need sent to my door. I also use Uber Eats for pretty much everything. Paper towels, groceries, snacks. I even order a pair of flip flops to the nail salon, okay? They've got my back no matter where I am. When you can't make it to the store, Uber Eats brings you the store, essentially. Okay? There is nothing better than putting on a good show, getting cozy on the couch and having the perfect meal delivered right to me, along with five other things that I forgot to pick up that day. Uber Eats makes it easy to have it all. Get grocery, alcohol, and everyday essentials in addition to the restaurant food you love. So, in other words, get almost almost anything with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


What is Up? Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Mariska Hargitay. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank You. I'm so excited to Be here. No, you don't even know, okay, you just walked in here saying, everyone's so excited for you to come on. Everyone is texting me saying, you should be on it. I said, sweetheart, that's why I'm here. Okay. Everyone in my life, I feel like a lot of my friends and family have gotten used to my job by now. When they found out you were coming on, everyone's being a little nicer to me this week. Everyone's like, do you think you could get a selfie? I'm like, leave me alone. You have literally put me into a different stratosphere of cool. Alex, Am I giving you street cred?


Without a doubt. Yes. I've never been cooler in my life. Everyone's like, holy shit, you got her. I'm like, I got her. Guess what? What? I think this goes both ways. Okay, Good. Okay, Good. All right. 'cause now I'm cool with the kids. Okay, cool. I'm cool with the kids. Yeah. We're both giving each other a little street cred. I like it. What are you up to this summer? Like, are you, do you have plans? Are you working? What's your life Gonna be like? I'm wor Well, first of all, I'm here. Today's a very exciting day because my trailer dropped for my film. Congratulations. Thank you. Congratulations. So today I'm sort of buzzy and so exciting, and it feels newly real to me, right when the trailer drops and the poster's out. So I'm here doing that. I'm getting ready for my Tribeca premiere on the 13th.


You're gonna be A Tribeca too? Yes, we, I'm gonna be a Tribeca. I told you we need our own shows. We're just warming up, sweetie. Lovey Honey, sweet Cheeks. Oh my God, babe, Honey pie. Holy Shit, pumpkin. Oh my God. Congratulations. Thank you. I know. Isn't it weird you Have a documentary about you and you're 12? No, and I'm so proud of you. You know who you are. You are the young Olivia Benson. You are so badass. I am obsessed with you. No, But seriously. No, It's so, but isn't it scary? It's a little scary. Oh, It's a lot scary, Right? But can I tell you something? Yeah. Being vulnerable and putting yourself out there, that's The most badass thing you can do.


It is, and it's the truth. But I'm curious for you, with this documentary, yeah. Obviously you get into your childhood, which I love to talk about and Call Her Daddy. Is it weird for you to have been playing Olivia Benson for so many years and now you're about to be on screen as yourself? No, No, No. Because I feel like, and this is something I've thought about a lot. Yeah. I feel that I have been preparing for this moment, for this project my entire life. It took me two years to make this movie. I started two years ago in June. I did the first interview, I think it was the end of May or June.


I can't remember exactly the date right now. But I decided to do it in the pandemic during COVID. And once I decided, you know, it was off to the races. And so for me, I mean, it's such a loaded question, right? Because yes, I play Olivia Benson on TV, and I ask people to come forward to tell their stories. So I wanted to do what I preach and to come forward and tell my story. And I believe that telling our story and being vulnerable is the thing that makes us The most authentic, The most badass, The most human. And it only brings people toward us because it levels the playing field of our humanity.


That makes me feel really good, because I feel like with a documentary, it is so vulnerable. It is. And you are prepared, obviously, like, but a documentary is a piece of work. So you're ready for the critics, but you're also like, this is my life. Go easy on me. And so it's a little, it's Better. Yeah. But I feel like this is, this is my life. This is my story. Everyone is obviously a welcome to have their reaction and their opinion and to sort of metabolize it and assimilate it in their own way. But I find that there's such universality in this specific, right? So you're telling your story, and is it about how you got here and the sort of genesis of Yes.


It's just, I had a, a big part of my, the end of my first episode, I talk about the sexual harassment I endured from my college soccer coach. Oh. And I had never really talked about it. And I felt guilty because a part of me was like, I, I'm similar in that way, where I'm like, I'm having people sit in this chair and tell me their stories. Why have I been holding onto this for so long? And so I kind of go through the process of telling it in a way that it was nice to have a director do it for me. I know you directed your piece, but for me, I almost needed someone to take it from you a little bit. Of course. Because I, I was like, I am gonna, I, I don't even know how to say this. Yeah. Just interview me and I'll tell you what happened to me. Yes. So it was very freeing.


But you, that Is so beautiful and so brave. And you know what? Don't ever question why seriously. Yeah. Yeah. Why you didn't tell your story. Because you tell your story when you are ready and not a moment before. And I tell that to everyone. And I, I mean, you know, I disclosed my story of abuse and, and, and I told it when I was ready. So I don't, you don't, I don't fault anyone. They need to come forward when they are ready and they have the infrastructure and they have the scaffolding and the support after to be able to integrate into the world. And so I just think it's amazing that you're doing that. And so young. Thank you.


No, and I think I could be your mom like three times over. Stop. I love, I'm gonna be 87 on Friday. I'm, You're, get out of here. You're perfect. And your Chanel shut up. Can we talk about this documentary though? Yes. It, it really focuses obviously on your mom who you lost when you were three. Yes. What was it like revisiting this time in your life? It was so many things, and I allowed it to be so many things. And, you know, it was like a archeological dig for me. It was like the ultimate detective work. Right. And I didn't know what I was gonna find. But my, it was such a, a beautiful journey, a painful journey, a bumpy ride.


It was e all of the above. It was so many things. Okay. My, I'm wondering though, you're three years old when you lose your mom. Yeah. Did you have any memories at all of her? I have a couple of memories that I don't know if they're memories or their photographs or they're something that I wish happened or a fragment of a memory. And I, I don't know. But it's been a life of trying to, of longing for her and trying to, you know, reconstruct connection, which was so painful for me.


You know, I, I say in the movie, losing my mother felt like having a, a hole in your heart. That's what it felt like to me. And, and so it's been a life of navigating that. Yeah. And trying to figure out how to do it. So this movie, being ready to make this movie and go on this, you know, expedition and go on this journey of finding her has been one of, you know, besides my husband and children and SVU has been one of The most rewarding, profound experiences of my life.


And because there was so much archival footage on my mom, it was the gift that just kept on giving. It was just, it kept on giving. It was magnificent When you just said that though, it made me think, I feel like a lot of people, we have these memories from childhood that either come back up or are so specific and then you do start to, as you get older, be like, did that fucking happen? It Exactly. And do you have any advice for people going through that? Like, have you just leaned in and accepted that maybe they're not real. Maybe they are, but they're what I remember, so I'm gonna live in them. Or are you, is it unsettling to not know if it's real?


It's Not unsettling. And I think that was part of the journey of, of making the film, is that I missed my mother. What's true about memories doesn't really matter. What matters is I missed her and I love her. And we are forever connected. And I'm finding new sort of avenues of connection as I live forward. And I remember, you know, one of the things was when your mom dies, when you're so young, you know, and preverbal really, it's hard to remember anything.


And you certainly can't express what you felt. Right. Because it was preverbal. And that goes with, that goes for my trauma as well, about living through the accident of, of her dying. And I remember when I got a My star in 2011 on, on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. And I remember thinking like, oh, you know, it's nice. It's a thing that people do. Oh yeah, it's nice. I didn't really know how to take it in, I guess. And I thought like, oh yeah, I mean, it kind of dismissed it, I'll be honest with you. And then I got there that day and when I saw my star on the ground next to her star, I was so overcome with emotion.


And somehow into that moment of seeing her, this visual of these two stars with her name on it and my name on it, was one of The most emotionally connected moments that I've ever had with her. And it tell you this, it took me by surprise to be connected with her and the stars, because it was on such a primal level. And it was in my cells, it was in my cellular DNA. And I was so, again, I was so surprised by it, but I just took it as a gift. So there's been these moments, and during the making of this film and on this journey, I've had so many moments where I got to see our similarity or what I came from and what I admire and revere and respect are the things about her that I'm in awe of.


And the things about her that, that are so similar to how I am. So in that way, it has been this gift. It's beautiful. It's so, it's so magnificent. And it's Beautiful too. 'cause anyone that's lost a parent or a loved one or whoever, like, there's such pain when you think about it. But the more you're Universal pain. Yes. Right. And the more you're able to slowly allow yourself to be open to those moments where you're looking at the star and then you feel connected to your mom, or you're going through this archive of footage. But that's it. That's exactly what you said is the truth, is allowing ourselves to be open. That is so exactly right. And, and this kind of like broke me open. Yeah. Right. Because it was a struggle for me.


And there were things and decisions that, and choices that my mother made that were so painful for me, or I didn't understand. I was like, why would you do that? Or I think you could have done it a different way and maybe me not understanding and grokking the time, the fifties, all that stuff. Yeah. And now the making of this film has reframed all of that for me. Even like as simple as someone not being able to, you know, whether you're not doing a documentary, one if you have photos or you have film or even journaling about your memories and your experiences, anything that can allow you to feel a little bit closer to Yeah.


Your memory of Yes. And, and have that intact because you don't want it to feel like this scary void that you can't remember this person. So then you just feel shut down. Yeah. The more you're open to it, I feel like you almost come back to feeling whole and full, completely. Your dad, your mom, after she passes, you're raised by your dad, Mickey, Who And my stepmother. Yes. Can you talk to me about your relationship with him growing up? Like, what was it like? Amazing. He was everything to me. He was my mentor, my inspiration.


I revered him. I modeled myself after him. I, he made me feel safe and seen. And he was such a great parent because he was reasonable. And what I mean by that is, you know, I'd like do something wrong. And then back in my day, we used to talk on the phone that, not, not the cell phone, but we used to like, that's what you would do. You talk to your boyfriend or you talk to your friends every night on the phone, rotary phone. And so I do something wrong. And then he is like, no phone one month. And I would go, okay, dad, okay, you're outta control. That feels unadjusted for what I did.


And I think you need to think about that because it's not fair. And he would go, okay, fine. Do you know what you did wrong? Yeah. Okay. You could use the phone. And it was stuff like that. And, and he also raised me when I did something wrong to go, you know what you did, you know what you did. And then not punish me. And then I had to sit with it. So he really nurtured my own sense of my conscience, my sense of responsibility, my sense of wrong and right. And he was just so true. Blue, you know, he showed up to every one of my athletic events, you know, I was a swimmer in high school and did cross country and when I was, you know, middle school volleyball and cheerleading and you know, all, all the activities, whatever I did.


And he was so supportive and it was like I was his life meanwhile, you know, working his ass off and providing for our family and teaching me gymnastics. And the fact that he was, his mentality was that of champion athlete. He, you know, was a speed skater. He played soccer. He came to America and wanted to be a weightlifter and a bodybuilder. And they said, how old are you? He said, I'm 26. They said, you're too old to do that. And he said, you're too old. And then he went on to become Mr. Universe. And so everything that he set out to do, he did. So he taught me if there's a will, there's a way.


And if they, there's one avenue gets shut down or foiled, then what is plan B? So I modeled myself and I wanted to be like him. And I just felt like I knew what love was because of his commitment to me. That's why I found, like, that's why I could recognize it in my husband. Do you know what I mean? Hmm. Well I was gonna say, 'cause even someone listening to this, it's like, wow, what an incredible father you had. Yeah. And then obviously there's this big reveal in the documentary of like, you find out that he's not your biological father. How did you find this out?


Oh my gosh, it was so rough. So I had been invited to this guy named Saban Gray's house, and he was head of the Jane Mansfield fan club. And he was this lovely guy and you know, just obsessed with Jane and loved her so much and was a huge collector of, you know, memorabilia and movie posters and anything related to her. So he invited me to his house once, and I went over there and then he walked me around. And, you know, it was a little overwhelming for me because there were life-size cutouts and it was truly like a museum or a shrine to her.


And I, that was hard for me at that age to sort of, yeah, understand. I was like, and Can just, for anyone that doesn't know about your mom and like what, like can you explain what her background was when pe when you're talking about this? Oh, so my mom was a just in case. Just in case. Oh yes, no, please. So my mom was an actress and sort of a iconic sex symbol in the fifties, like Marilyn Monroe. So she was one of The most photographed women ever and a big, you know, movie star and you know, legendary really. And so I went to his house and again, I'm seeing all this stuff, stuff that I had never seen and kind of grew up away from all of that and didn't have a very sort of Hollywood childhood.


My dad was a builder, my stepmother was a flight attendant. So we traveled a lot and just had a really normal, I would say, life. And so I went to his house and then he's showing me around, he's showing me all these photos. He's showing me, you know, whatever it is, dresses that she had that he'd collected, you know, earrings that she wore things from movies from the movie set, you know, props or whatever. And then he says to me, do you wanna see a picture of Nelson? And I just looked at him and this jolt went through my body and I said, who's Nelson?


And then I knew in one second you did, how? I don't know, I think my whole life, all the, just like millions of like mellow moments, I don't even know if that's a word. Little fragments of a memory of a moment of a thing. Things I caught that my sort of subc that went into my subconscious moments. And then I said, who's Nelson? And then he, you know, I saw the drain blood out, drain out of his face and he sort of panicked and turned white.


And then he said, you know, he panicked. And he said, oh, it's probably not true. It's probably not true. And that's when I knew, and I think that he couldn't believe that I didn't know I was 25. How could I not know? And I understand that. And then he said, it's not true. I'm sure it's not true. And then he showed me his picture And you're like, it's True on a cellular level, it was just like a DNA talking to DNA. Right. And I knew it was true.


And I just really thought my life was over. I mean, I remember leaving and driving to my brother's house and I thought I was gonna crash my car 'cause I was so not present. I was totally like, dissociated and out of my body. And I got to my brother's house. I didn't even know how I got there, but I knew that I shouldn't be driving. Yeah. It was enough. It was crazy. 25 years thinking, you know, your story and your narrative and your mom also, you're trying to process like not having your mom. And you're at this man's house and you're seeing like, oh my God, everyone was obsessed with my mom and loved my mom and I don't get to have her.


And then it's like, you're hit in the face again. It's like, oh, by the way, Mickey, The one thing I did have, the one thing that I was rooted in, the one thing that was my constant was no longer mine. And my identity was, it was just smashed. It was like, it broke into, it's like I had thousand pellets of hard truth going. My brothers aren't my brothers. My Hungarians, I'm not related to, I'm not Hungarian. I'm not related to all my family that I grew up with in Hungary. What about this, what about this? I'm not related to my sister, who's my dad's, my dad's first daughter.


I'm not related to, oh my gosh. All the times when, you know, I spent so much time as a kid in Italy and every time I was there, and you can see I'm a big gesticulator and I talk with my hands. I can't, I get in trouble on SVU 'cause they're like, meka, sit on your hands. And I can't, I just can't. It's just like a cellular genetic thing. But my whole childhood, everyone asked me if I was Italian my entire childhood. And it was like that being barrage by, it was just like a million missiles of these mini micro moments going, get it. I can't.


And you're not allowed to. I'm not allowed. You can't talk to your mom. So when you obviously at some point go to Mickey, do you immediately go to him? I did. I drove from, I went to my brother's house first and asked him if he knew and he said he didn't. And I'm very, very, very, very close with my brother. And he, he didn't, so then that was also confusing. And then I went up to my dad's house and I was, you know, hysterically crying and in a state. And he was, and here's, here's here about this metaphor. My dad was building me physically building me a house.


So I drive up to the house that he's building me and confront him. And he was like, what? What are you talking about? Are you crazy? That's so not true. He kept saying, you look like my father. You look exactly like my father. You're a harte to the end. And you know, the irony is that I'm more like my dad than anyone in our whole family. Like I am Mickey Mini Mickey. Right. And so it was just a very extraordinarily painful moment. And I, I always like, and I say, I say that this is the moment that I became an adult and it, I, it's so visceral for me because I was in so much pain.


I was so overwhelmed and I was in the, you know, me, me, me, me, I, oh my gosh, my life is over. And then looking at this man who's been nothing but loving to me and nothing but this amazing father to me. And I saw his pain and I said, it doesn't matter what I feel, I love him and I'm not, we're done here. We're done here. And so I said, okay, thank you for telling me. And I pretended that I believed him and we never spoke of it again.


And then he used to say, even before he died, remember when you thought that crazy thing? And I go, I know. Wasn't that nuts stop? Yeah. Oh, and you just went with it. 'cause you're like, I went with it. And then I felt like I became the parent in a way. Yeah. And I was grateful to be that, but There was no way that he genuinely thought, I don't know. I'll never know. Right. I think that he integrated it in, this is my new reality. He made a choice and that was his new truth. And whether it's true or not, emotionally, it was his truth. And I'll tell you something, I understand it because I have two adopted kids and they are no different, no different than my biological son.


No different. And so to me I go, I get it. It didn't matter. Right. It doesn't matter. Right. Because when he, even when that moment he's speaking to you, which is so beautiful, it's like, I've talked a lot about on the show that obviously there's so many people who don't have the privilege of family and, but you can then make your own family. Blood family is one thing. Family is family. The family that you choose. And so it's like, I think there's a lot of people that maybe would look at that and it's actually so beautiful that he's like, no, you are mine. Like you've been my daughter. I love you so much. Talk About being claimed. Right. Right. He's like, But the irony is Alex, I know that now.


Right? Yeah. In hindsight, yeah. But when I found out at 25, that was where the injury was, is why wasn't I claimed he must have known. He didn't care. He didn't care. He didn't love me. I wasn't worth it. I was nothing to him. He knew, he had to know that I was his daughter Nelson. I'm talking about. And I wasn't worth it. I wasn't valuable enough. And that's what I lived with, is that I wasn't enough. Right. My mother left me. And when you're a kid, you know, listen, mother is everything we know, mother is everything until, you know, at least you're three.


Right. It's your survival. And so having that feeling of my mother left me. And then again, my father abandoned me, was so hard to integrate or make sense out of. And the irony, this is the irony is that I, I lived with these, I mean, they were my truths and they were real to me at the time. But I go back now and I go, I was claimed like nobody's business. And that's why I think I love so hard.


Yeah. And canned loved so hard because I was so loved. Time also just gives you such different perspective. And you can, you can never fault yourself when you're younger for the reactions you have. Yeah. 'cause you just No, that's who you are in that moment. And that's all you're capable of seeing. You're just trying to figure it out. Yes. So all And with limited information. Exactly. And that's why it's hard. 'cause young people, and I, when I say young people, I'm talking about myself. I couldn't, I didn't have the whole picture. So you think, you know, when people say to you, feelings aren't facts. And I remember when people would say that to me and I would go, but yes they are. Because that's what happened. And I would argue it and I did not understand. I could not comprehend what that meant.


That feelings aren't facts. I was like, this is my facts, these are my reality. And now, you know, this is what wisdom is. This is what age is, this is what perspective is. And I'm just, I'm so grateful for this life to grow into the miracle of my story. And, and, and having this comprehensive understanding and getting the full perspective. And now seeing that I had such a limited, of course, like a teeny, teeny, teeny sliver of the truth


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Claude. The, if you know, you know AI assistant that's vibing with millions of people around the world, think of Claude as your pocket ai, agony aunt for dating advice, journaling, or as a sounding board for those important life decisions. You can ask Claude to help with almost any task. Whether it's crafting you a business plan for that side hustle, giving you style ideas based on photos of your wardrobe or even interior design. Inspo for that awkward corner of your living room. 'cause we all have it. While other AI assistants sound like robots, Claude just gets it. When it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence, basically Claude's a supportive king. You can try Claude for free at any time. And for a special offer on premium features with Claude Pro, head to claude.ai/cd. That's CLAU d.ai/chd.


So you just started using LinkedIn Premium now what? Well, on your premium company page, you noticed around seven and a half times more page engagement and five times more page views. Well done. And now new clients are messaging you all because you're using LinkedIn premium, which helps you get the business growth you want. Think big, small business, think big. Start your free trial at linkedin.com/premium small business. That's linkedin.com/premium. Small business.


Can we talk about your career? Did you always wanna be an actress? So, no. When I was young, as I said, we traveled a lot. I spent a lot of time in Italy. It's a lot of time in Hungary, you know, a lot of time in Colorado and, and Dallas, Texas to visit my grandmother. I spent a lot of time, my parents, you know, would take us around the world and we, I was very privileged in terms of traveling and I loved it and I still love it. And so I loved connecting with different cultures and languages and took French and high school. And I was like, I think I wanna be either a translator or like a French diplomat, but something where I could bring people together.


And my favorite teacher who was a nun and sister Margaret pulled me aside and said Ska because I used to get in trouble for talking all the time. I'm sure you the sure you know that one all the time. All the time. And she said, I think that you should try out for a play. And I was like, what? She said, you're an extrovert and I wonder if you would like to try acting. I went and I never had thought about it. It was a matter of fact. I was like, no, I don't wanna do that. It's not. Mm. And then I tried out for the play and it was a comedy and I had the best time and it was a crazy French farce.


So I got to be nuts. Which was very comfortable. Me. And I always thought that my career would be in comedy by the way. I mean I started in comedy. You're funny. I know no one knows that except You. Okay, you walked in here and like understandably I didn't know what to expect because it's like, dun dun and I'm ready. And then you walk in. I not like Olivia where you're like, girl. I'm like, oh shit, I love you. It's Different. So it's so funny. I know I got cast, you know what's funny? I always get cast as cops. I'm like, What is the deal? I'm a comedian. But anyway, not a comedian, not not a real comedian. I'm take that back. I have serious respect for real comedians, believe me. But In another life you're A comedian.


Yeah. In another life. Okay. But anyway, the point is, so then I had so much fun and then my senior year I tried out for the lead in the, in the play. Okay. Which was a drama. And I got it and fell in love and I was like, this is the end of it. And then I applied to USC and UCLA and I decided to be a theater major and that was the end of it. How long into you going for auditions did you get SVU? My twenties was really hard and then I did a couple of guest star things, but then it dried up for me and I just went to acting class. And then it was when I turned 30 that I started working in a consistent way.


I mean, even that yeah. Is such just like a nice thing to hear because I feel like obviously people are gonna watch this and be like, Ugh, you have the best fucking life. Like, no, no, no. Look at you, you're so successful. Twenties. Lemme tell you something, my twenties were not cute. Okay. Not only were they not cute workwise, but I found out this when I was 20, which by the way, I think that also really took me apart. So I didn't work, you know, I worked in my early twenties and then I don't remember working so much, 25 to 30, like it was a dark time for me. And I really wasn't confident. I had an identity crisis, which I'm, you know, I like telling people that I'm not, it's true.


It's what happened. We all have our demons, we all have our skeletons. Life is hard. It's hard navigating it, it's hard figuring it out. There's so much to figure out. And so then at 30 is when I started working in a more consistent way. And then it was at 34 it, I'll tell you a fun story. This is a great story. You'll appreciate it. Okay. So I used to go to New York twice a year and just see theater. So I went on one of my trips, it was, I was 30, I think it was in like January, I was 34. And I come to New York and a friend of mine said, oh my gosh, Meka, you have to go to the psychic, you have to go to the psychic on Long Island.


I don't even know where Long Island was. I mean I was, you know, I don't, yeah, of course you're gonna Long Island. I'm like, I go to Long Island. So I drive out to this guy's house on Long Island and he gives me a psychic reading. And I'm, because my mom was famous, I always was like, Hmm, you are just probably gonna Google me and you know, Jay Mansfield's daughter and then come up with some bullshit. Of course. So I sit down with this guy and we're talking, we're talking, we're talking. He says some things. And then he says to me, and I was listening to him and I'm like this. And he goes, I swear to God, he says, you see that face? I have this on a recording. You see that face right now? I said, yeah. He goes, you're gonna be famous for that face, that face, that serious face.


And I said, no, I am a Funny, funny And a pretty deadly combination. I'm gonna be a comedian. I say, and he says, this is my favorite thing I think anyone's ever said to me. He goes like this, I don't give a rat's ass what you think you are gonna be famous for that face. And then he says to me, and you're moving to New York? And I said, no, I have this gorgeous house my father built, I was living in a house with like 32 roommates because I had this house and it had five rooms, obviously couldn't afford it.


So I rented out rooms. So I'm like actually living out an episode of friends, not an episode, but the whole season because I had so many roommates and I was like, I live in la I, this is my town. I have my roommates, I have my house. What am I gonna do with my house? Swear to God, six months later I got SVU, I swear this is true on my children, this happened. He said, I don't give a rat's ass. First of all, how great is rat's Ass? No, it's in everything. There's no Better Expression. I'm taking it all in. 'cause I'm also just like this fucking psychic in Long Island. I'm like, holy shit. He also said that there was gonna be an issue with a cocktail ring.


And then there was, I'm not gonna get into that story. Okay wait. But I just want you to know that this happened. This is good stuff. I need to write a book and put it in. You heard it here people. Okay, wait. You get the script finally for SV, what is your first impression of your character? So I read it and I said, and I never had this experience. I've never loved anything more. This is my show. This is The most progressive show I've ever seen. I love it. I need it. I have to do the show. And then I had the audition and then I got a callback.


And on the second callback, Dick Wolf was there. And I see another girl in the waiting room and I'm like, oh no, this is not happening. So I walked in there and I said, listen to me. I didn't know that Dick Wolf was like the king of television. And I go, I don't know who that is out there, but let me tell you something. This is my part. And he's like, oh is it? And I said, yeah. So you tell her to go home. So I do, I do my audition. And then he gives me notes. He gave me notes. And then I go, those are good notes, thank you. And he is like, oh are they, are they good notes?


It was so funny. I, I had like lost my, I didn't even know what overtook me, but I was so clear about it. And then it turns out that the beautiful talented actress that was in the waiting room was there for another part. Oh my God. And She was in the pilot and she's a fantastic actor, actress. I'm like, fuck this bitch, get her outta here. I know. I was like, get her outta here. And then of course, you know, we're friends now for life. But oh, she was so magnificent and she was in it. And so they all told me this after and then the next audition was for the network. And That is amazing. Ah, That's when I met Chris Maloney.


And that was the rest of this history. It, The rest is history. What do you think is the biggest similarity between you and Olivia? Compassion, empathy. And feel the fear. And do it anyway. What do you think is the biggest difference? You're funny comedy. You're fucking funny. She's not, She's, she's not as funny as I am and she doesn't have this much joy and balance, but she's awesome. So we give her a pass on all her flaws. Not only do we give her pass, we Love her. Taylor Swift named her cat after Olivia Benson.


Can we just, Can we just for a second. But I, I will say as epic as that is, I did name my cat Karma. Okay. Before or after the So payback's a bitch, isn't it? So I, I leveled the playing field there and my cat's name is Karma. 'cause Karma is a cat. And she and Karma vibe like that. Hold on. That happened. Did You name your cat Karma before or after the song came out? Right after. It was the only thing. It seemed fair. So you went and got a cat?


Yeah, Well I named it Karma. Did you go get a cat just to name a cat Karma or did you want a cat? Well actually there's two things. That's a great question. I didn't want a cat. I wasn't planning on getting a cat. And I was walking to Starbucks with my daughter and well all my kids. And there was a pet store there, so embarrassed about this. 'cause I don't like buying animals from pet stores and I really don't. 'cause my dog is a rescue and I'm all about a rescue. Yeah, yeah, yeah. However, and parents understand this, there are moments as a parent, when your kids lose their shit, they lost their shit.


And then my husband, who is the kind of guy that would go, we're not buying a cat. We're not guys. No, we're not buying a cat. And then I said, Peter, just get in here for one second and we're in the little room. Like, you know, they have little sections in the, in the pet store and, and then Peter gets in with the cat and Peter's like, this is, he picks the cat. No. And then the Kids were like, we want this one. And Peter goes, no, we're getting this one. And it was so hilarious. And then Peter picked the cat. So I guess Peter and Karma vibed like that. I don't know saying, so we went home with the cat kitty, the cutest little kitty who now we call it kit. That's your cat voice kitty.


I Can't believe. And you know what the sad part is? The cat ignores me. The cat is so bitchy. If I didn't have my dog, I'd be The most insecure person on the planet because I come home and our dog, right? She goes crazy. She jumps on Peter, she's like, like she can't come down for half hour. She loves us so much. She can't see straight. Like I have to send her to the shrink when we're gone because she's so upset. If the whole five of us are not together and I come home, my cat's like, what? Karma's like I don't give, She walks by me and goes, whatever. How was your trip? Okay, that's so that sounds, she's so bitchy. But I love her. And the whole hard to get thing. I play it right back. I play it. And you love it. Yeah, I love it. Okay. You don't strike me well.


Maybe as a music video. Girly. Oh, I'm so music video. You are. So, Lemme tell you something. I did a music video before Taytay. What did you do Sweetheart? I did Ronnie Millsap. She loves my car. Okay, what? Because I was on a car in a bathing suit throwing a beach ball. What? Oh yes Guys, someone pulled this up. This Video is going to make Hold huge comeback. Hold on, hold on. Ronnie Carmack. Did, Did you say No? Sorry, I forget. See, this is when you're 12. When you're showing your age. Wait, Ronnie, Millsap, Rat. Ronnie Millsap. Say it Ratty. Ronnie.


Ronnie, Ronnie. I just made my voice crack. Ronnie Millsap. Okay. She loves my car, She loves my car. I'm in it with X exe. There's a lot of cool stuff. You're gonna, we Don't need the audio, we just need the video. No, No, you're gonna lose. That's hold please. Where are you? Oh, Jess, hold please Guys, we're watching the music video. One sec. Oh Please. Oh, Is that you? Yes. Well, I'm gonna tell you a funny story about this. This is the night I got arrested. Okay, pause. Excuse me. Olivia Benson. What? I was arrested and thrown in the slammer. Why? I was thrown in the clink. What you said called the clink. Yeah. Okay. Here's what happened. This is an excellent story.


Okay. So in that video we were shooting and I think it was a two day shoot, but on the last day we were losing the light. As you can see, it's was shot in the day. And we were shooting in, in Santa Monica. So at, as we were losing the light, I had to go back into two outfits. One was like a pink situation, the other was blue. And I had pink and blue lipstick on. So we were losing the light and we didn't have time to switch the makeup palette. So she started adding a lot of makeup on me a lot. And at that night, my parents were leaving for Africa.


So as the sun said at, I don't know, eight o'clock, I jumped in my car, full face of makeup hair out to here. No shoes, like in Fishnets and a questionable outfit. Let's just say I've always been known to have a bit of a lead foot and stop signs. Well, you know, I always saw them as optional. I've changed and I've changed my way since then. But I would, I wouldn't not stop. It was just about like rolling through the red light. Yeah. I'm not proud of it. I'm not proud of it. And don't, don't do this at home. But, so I was trying to race home to see my parents. All of a sudden, no, pull me over.


And they're like, man, you just ran stop sign. I was like, I, I wasn't, but like I, I just, I'm going home to see my parents. I please, please da da. Can I have your driver's license? They pull up my driver's license and he says, ma'am, please get outta the car. I go, what? For a stop sign? What? He says, ma'am, please get out of the car. I had three, I can't say this, people won't look at me the same way. Say it. I had $3,000 in outstanding in parking tickets because at U-C-L-A-I didn't, I was late to class and I didn't always use my parking pass because the garage where my classes were was so far away.


I was like, I'll just be fine here, I'll just really quick. I just really quick go to class and come back out. And I would get tickets every day. And I was in like a fantasy denial world. And so I had $3,000. And when this guy told me to get outta the car, and of course I don't have shoes on. And he's like thinking, making a lot of judgements about me. And he puts me in his car, locks me in the back and throws me in the clink. He throws me in the clink. I can't call my parents. Well after I've just said, Hey guys, I'm coming home. I wanna see you before you go to Africa. Africa. And so I was like, Hey, the video, the shoot has gone over. I don't know that we can.


So I called also, I never, I'm a girl that never, not anymore, but during my twenties I never have cash. I never had cash on me. Never That night I had $160 in twenties and I think Baille was like 180. I was one 20 short of making bail. Oh, they throw me in the, they threw me in the cl slammer. The clink, the clink. Is that what they really call? It's so good. They threw me in the clink and I'm standing there and everyone's like, what are you in for? And I asked everybody what they were in for. Are you not supposed to do that? I don't know. But I made friends with everyone. Okay. And then they all gave me phone numbers when I got out.


'cause at the time a friend came and picked me up and I got everyone's phone number and they said, will you call this person? Will you call this person? So I had four phone numbers when I left and I was calling going, Hey, just wanna let you know your friend is in the Santa Monica jailhouse. You're And it, it was so funny. People were like, what are you in for? And I was like, I got a speeding ticket. But the point is, it was you got arrested. I got arrested after your first music video. Yep. Thank God that didn't happen after Bad Blood. Can you Imagine? Can you imagine After Bad Blood if they threw, threw me in the clink again. And I said, sweetheart, I've been here before. You can't scare me. That is, I just realized that, that is so funny.


So, Okay, so you are a music video girl. Yeah. Would you ever do another one again? If Taytay asked me. Oh, I'm hoping I'm standing by for Taylor. I only do Taylor Swift videos now That Is, I hit the big time. I've hit the big time. The fact that you can say that is such a flex. Like, oh, I only do Taylor Swift. I Only do Taylor Swift videos. Okay. Okay. You need to give a little behind the scenes of the music video with her. Like give us anything. You know, the world is all swifties. She, it was so fun. Oh, It's the best music video. It's the best music video. And I'd already wait. I think I'd already gone to the music, the music, the video awards. Look, I can't even think of what it's called.


What's it called? The Music Awards? Yeah. When I got to go with the squad? No, it was after, right after we made the video. Oh, That's cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was The most fun. Oh. But being in the squad with all the cool girls, So cool and Supermodels and all of it. It was like The most fun ever. It was just so great. And she was just warm and smart and kind and such a boss lady. And, and it, it was so amazing. 'cause what, what year was that? And I learned, so I learned so much from her. That's what I love about her is she's so young, but she shows us so in such beautiful ways, how to be fearless and a boss lady. I Literally was trying to fall asleep last night and I turned on the ERAS tour to like put me to bed and then I, it's the best.


I watched the entire thing and I was up till 3:00 AM That's right. My daughter watches the same thing. We have it on the best. A repeat. It's the best.


So you just started using LinkedIn Premium now what? Well, on your premium company page, you noticed around seven and a half times more page engagement and five times more page views. Well done. And now new clients are messaging you all because you're using LinkedIn Premium, which helps you get the business growth you want. Think big small business, think big. Start your free trial at linkedin.com/premium small business. That's linkedin.com/premium Small business.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid To get 30 bid To get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid. Get the 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give it a try. At mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent 15 per month. Required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of network and fees. Extra s mobile.com.


Can we talk about your time on SVU? Obviously I know that you've talked a lot about how people will come up to you and feel comfortable to Yeah. Disclose, share. Yeah. Disclose their stories. And sometimes they're telling it for the first time to you. Yeah. Like how does it feel to know people trust you like that? Hmm. It's such a privilege. It's such an honor. Yeah. It's insane. You know, I live a very unique existence that way with such a deep connection, like soul connection to my, you know, people, survivors and fans.


And it's so different than I think maybe other artists have because they share with me the deepest, most sacred, most tender, intimate parts of themselves with me. And there's such a beautiful, you know, understanding or a feeling of safety. And that's been, it's hard really to put into words, to have such a, a connection with a person that almost requires no words because it's an understanding. And I, I'm so grateful and I think it's part of the reason of SVUI, obviously it's been a marathon and I, and I love it and I'm so not done with it.


But there are times and there have been years where I am, you know, I've been running a marathon and I'm exhausted. I'm exhausted. But there's so much, there's so much healing and so much beauty. And we know that bearing witness to someone's story is healing. And I'm just profoundly grateful that I get to be whatever part of somebody's healing journey. So it's magnificent. It is. Last year then you shared in an op-ed that you are also a survivor.


Yeah. And you were assaulted in your thirties. What made you want to speak about it publicly? It was very interesting. I was doing the People magazine cover and it was a feature on, you know, milestones, right? It was, I turned 60, joyful Heart was 20 years old. I was married for 20 years, you know, 20 year anniversary. And my oldest son going to college. And there was just milestone after milestone after milestone. And what's so beautiful about that is this the woman, the journalist came over and I wasn't planning on talking about that.


And I had so much to talk about and it just came up organically. And so the way I see that is it was about me being present and I was ready. I was just ready. And that felt also like a gift that it just came up. And there was no shame. There was no stigma. There was no fear. There was unencumbered because of the work that I had done on it. And I had some work to do. Yeah.


To process it. And again, I was so happy to, I was so happy to, 'cause it just came up and that's where it was. And that was real. And I was ready to talk about it Because I was thinking like, I noticed obviously there's like a parallel in this character that you've been playing is investigating these types of crimes, right? That's right. But then behind the scenes you're processing trauma. Like what was that like for you being on SVU and, and having these heavy hitting topics every single week?


Did it ever impact you emotionally? Oh yeah. With what you've gone through So much. And I think that's the deep compassion and empathy and understanding and connection of really understanding it on, you know, a visceral level. And that's why I wanted to talk about it, because so many people blame themselves, myself included. And I couldn't process that. I couldn't get out of it. I couldn't, I have gotten out of so many things through my intellect, through comedy, through just outsmarting, through, you know, physically.


And I couldn't get out of this. And I couldn't metabolize it. I couldn't understand that. I couldn't. And that just lived in me. And so I, I blamed myself. And then it got to the point where I went. It just became so clear what happened. And I was ready to, I was also in denial about it. And I remember I told my husband and he said, he looked at me like, ishka, you said that you were never sexually assaulted. I you were.


He said that. And I remember going like, and that's why I understand about denial and dissociating. And I have so much room for that in people because now I look at it and I say, I'm grateful for that part of myself that kept me safe for that part of myself that said, you're not ready to deal with it. So there's no blame, there's only integration. And, and you know, we have to s scaffold ourselves. We have to support ourselves. We have to be ready, we have to build an infrastructure within ourselves and external support that we know that will be heard and that will be understood.


And timing is right. And so I was very excited to share that because I know that, you know, as Olivia Benson, I know that people like project on me and think, oh, she's so this, she's so that it could never happen to her. Well, guess what it did? And there was nothing I could do about it. And even if I could fight or flight is real and people freeze and that is the neurobiology of trauma, that is what happens. We freeze.


And so understanding that and studying that, and I think that in all my, you know, research and all the studying that I've done and you know, really learning about trauma and understanding, you know, the body keeps the score and how we hold trauma in our body on a cellular level. And, you know, fracturing and memory fracturing and all the things that happened to us, I had to fully understand that, to be able to talk about it because I couldn't understand and so many people couldn't understand.


And my favorite thing was after I shared that story, so many women came forward and said, that happened to me. And they couldn't believe that they couldn't, they didn't understand what happened to them physically. It is like incredible the way you talk about it and that you're doing this publicly though, not that it is like for you to have to do, but it, i, it does help hearing someone really put it in perspective. Because there are so many people that are like, well, why did it take so long? And I've had it, I know it's gonna happen. Like, well, why didn't you come out with this? Why does it take a decade later? And it's like normalizing that there is no timeline of when it is correct for someone to speak up about what happened to them.


That was traumatic. Trauma is not linear. It, you could come out with it the day of. You could come out with it never. Or it could be 50 years, we don't know. But I think that question is such a question of privilege. Be like, well why didn't you, well then you probably haven't experienced something like that. 'cause then you wouldn't be asking that question or you're projecting Or, but also Alex or they're also in denial. Yeah. And they're also not ready to deal with it. Because I've had so many people that I've heard them talk about that. And certainly, you know, I mean, in my movie I am evidence, you know, about the backlog of the untested rape kits. You know, I, we have an expert talk about the neurobiology of trauma and, and listen, when law enforcement said she was gang raped, well she just lied there and she must have wanted it.


They don't understand. So part of it is truly a lack of education and understanding. And also, for example, one out of, you know, three women is sexually assaulted in their life and one out of six men. It has been my experience that the men who have disclosed to me that were assaulted many times in their teens, all the men that have disclosed to me, and there's been a few, were all in their fifties. And that's just not an accident. It took them that long to process it. So I think that the people that are judging either are a little disconnected or they don't, are not educated in trauma.


Something that you wrote in your op-ed that I thought was really beautiful is you really talk about how your mission is to take the shame off of survivors and put it on who it belongs to, which is the abusers. What do you think though is the first step to doing that? Women say, I was raped. Where's the perpetrator in that? There's no perpetrator. So there's a, a weird ownership, right? I think the blame it has to be named. He raped me.


Name it. One of the greatest pieces of advice that I've ever received, and I'll tell you two, well there's three. One is slowing down everything. Second is noticing things. Just notice it. Don't need to change it, but notice it. And the third is naming things, right? We push through our emotions to not feel because it's too painful.


So for me, being able to slow down, notice a feeling and honor it, not have to do anything, you take the pressure off just sitting with yourself and noticing that you go and it's like, right. And then you name it. And once you name it, things get put in the right piles. So for me, this person raped me. I was not raped.


He raped me. There was nothing I could do about it. And I have clarity about what happened. And I don't blame myself at all. I'm, I survived it. My unconscious and myself and my whole being did what I had to do to survive. And if that was going into denial about it, then so be it. I'm grateful for the part of me that said, we're not ready to deal with this. And you'll be ready when you're ready.


Now what did I do? I started a foundation for victims of sexual assault and domestic violence. So I did something about it and I did something great about it and I talked about it and I dealt with mine when I was ready. And I'm grateful for that. And I have patience for that. And I have empathy for the part of myself that wasn't ready to deal with it. So that's what I feel like. I don't have judgment. I look at, I say when you're ready, when people can't deal with it, when they judge, when they blame, when they go, you go, okay, I understand that's about them.


And you don't take that on. What you're doing is brave. It's powerful. You understand the power of healing. You know, I talked to so many people since I, you invited me to come beyond this show and people have a very emotional connection with you. And that's what I found. So moving, right, because you're so funny and you talked about, you know, fun stuff and comedy and frivolous things and silly things and you go in Yeah. And you do it all. I had somebody say to me last week, I said, what do you like about it? I wanted to understand. And they said, I grew up in a house where nobody talked about sex.


I grew up in a house where it was so I didn't know anything. I learned. She's like my sister. And that made me, I was like, oh my God, I love her. But you know what I mean? But what you do, I mean, we're not, we're similar I think in a way. Yeah. I really do. And I, I I have, I feel a weird connection to you because I do too. You give people permission, you talk about things where people don't, what do I tell people in, in this field? Talk about it. Talk about it. Go to your dinner table and say, I wanna talk about it. Talk to your sons, talk to boys, talk to your friends. People didn't talk about it. And now they do. And guess what?


Everyone goes Me too. Immediately. Immediately. It's like conversation is such power. And it makes me happy to hear that because yes, It's power. It is. And it's like people are just looking to feel connected because we're so isolated. People are looking for community. You give that, I give that, we give that connection is everything. It makes us feel less isolated, less ashamed, less alone. Those were the things when people wrote to me, those were the things in the letters that I got when people started disclosing their stories of abuse. I'm, I'm ashamed and I'm alone. I'm alone. They're so isolated. They didn't know to tell people.


And as soon as you tell people, everyone says, I have a story. I have this. Yeah, I have that. That's how we change the culture. Yeah. Such a, that is what's so exciting. And I'm so happy. I'm so, I, I don't know, it's not appropriate, but I'm so proud of you for what you did. I'm so proud of you for what you built and what you made and your fearlessness and your bad assery. I feel the same exact way with you. I think like when you meet women who are trying to do their best, it's like we're not, we're just sharing our experiences. Yeah. And yes, it's uncomfortable, but I've always said if me being vulnerable online can help anyone at home sitting in their room be like, oh my God, Alex, me too then I did my job today.


You Did your job today. And that's why I said, people are like, oh, are you, do you feel vulnerable? And I go, yeah, yeah, I feel really vulnerable. But guess what? When people are vulnerable to me, you know what it makes me wanna do? Hug them. Yes. Hug 'em. And get And get vulnerable again. And get vulnerable again. And tell 'em everything you goes, oh my God, I do. And then you have a connection with somebody that you may have out of fear or insecurity you may have projected on them and then you don't even see them truly, truly. And they could be awesome. And your bestie, right? And then you have a connection forever. Forever. Because if somebody goes, I don't know that, then you go, you know what, do you know her story? She's been through a lot. Right? And then you get explain So Much. You get curious about somebody. And it even, I say that to my daughter, it's one of my favorite things.


You know, she's in middle school and it's tough to navigate and she's like, this person was mean or this person was rude and she didn't talk to me. And I always go, why? Why? Why do you think, do you think she was having a bad day? Do you think she felt, do you think she felt insecure or jealous? Do you think she saw you with somebody else and did this, this? Because we're all so tender and like tender and we just wanna feel cozy and connected. I know when people are acting out, a lot of times you're like, oh my God, don't even get mad. Be like, what is this person going through? What's Wrong? What's wrong? What Robin Williams said, we're all carrying, what's that beautiful quote? Everyone is fighting a battle that you know nothing about. Be kind. Always.


Boom. I know we only have so much time, so I have to ask. I have a heart out at five o'clock. No, You five o'clock. No, I am jumping on a plane and Like Please. No, I know, I know. So let me ask some of like the questions I need to ask. Okay. Go, go, go. 'cause you ask me that you're saying I'm ready, I'm here for it. First of all, I could talk about this with you. We could go on a fucking retreat together and sit and talk and write nine books together. But I only have so much time with you, so I need to ask these questions too. Okay. SVU fans are obsessed with you and Chris Maloney's onscreen dynamic, obviously. Talk to me about your friendship in real life. We are just connected. We are so close. It's like we've been through the battle together.


We know each other so well. We love each other so much. We respect each other so much. We connected obviously by living these stories and living and going so deep together for so many years acting. And he and I really bond over comedy. We have a very similar sense of humor and we just have, you know what it is, it's shared perspective, it's shorthand. We are so comfortable with each other. We deeply trust each other. We know like whatever he needs, I will always be there for him.


And that's mutual. And we have grown together. We've known each other 27 years. When he left the show, I felt like obviously the entire world was just devastated. Like, how did you handle that? Did you know, had you guys talked about it? Like what was, and how did like it affect the cast and everything? I was devastated. I was devastated. No, it, it happened very quickly and it was surprising. It was over a negotiation and I tried everything I could to fix it and change it. And you know, again, it's one of these things in life where you, I have these, I'm sorry, I don't mean to have a DD but I have these chandeliers.


You're lying. I swear to God, Sophie. No, we have this Pull up my, the sco the chandeliers in my dressing room. You're lying. We have the same page. Are we Separated at birth? Yes. We look so much alike. When I saw you I was like, this is like a mirror. No, no, no. I'm gonna show you my, I'm sending you photos of my dressing room. This is, she has the sconce version of my chandeliers. Sorry. A DD moment. Come back. What? What'd you ask me? Oh, contract. He left. You were sad. He left. Okay. I was devastated. And, and, and it was awesome. He was ready to go. He did. He went on and did all these other great shows.


Great work. I got to meet some of my favorite humans. All the people that, all the actors that have come on SVU. It's a, I will say this, it's a magical place. It's a magical place to work. Everyone is deeply, deeply invested. And my favorite thing of all of it is when guest stars come and say to me, is it always like this here? And I go, yep. What? It's a team. It's fun.


We laugh and we get it done. Like we are so focused and so listen, it's shorthand. Everyone knows a drill. Everyone's so good. And we know when to play. We know when to work. We have been together so long. There's a real intimacy. I'm like very close with my crew. Like we text yesterday, we love each other and we are a team. And if somebody's not invested, they're out. Like we bring our A game. Best idea wins. And it is a joy.


And I look forward to going to work every day. And you can't believe how much we laugh. What time do you have to wake up? Well, now that I've been on the show since 1926, my call is seven every day. Although everyone else gets up at like five. But I'm like, sweetie, I'm gonna roll in around seven 30. I hope you're cool with that. There's a little mama. Mama has mama sets the mama's the boss. Mama's the boss. Now I hashtag boss lady. What? I don't wield it around, but they're not confused. Do you know what I'm saying? I'm Obsessed. Yeah, no, it's really good. But I'm the hardest worker of all of them too. There you go. I don't play. I set the standard.


I say this is what we're doing. And if it's not working, I go, we're, that's not good. Let's go again. Okay. SVU talk for the really, really, really crazies. They need me to ask Olivia and Elliot how to Will they, won't they relationship for years? Do you think they'll ever end up together? Maybe on the last episode. I think that's when they should be together On the last episode. Yeah. Do you want them to be at the end If it's right? We'll see when we get there. We are soulmates. Yes. In a way, yes we are. And I think that I, I mean Chris has had a profound impact on my life, my artistry.


I think we've had a big impact on each other. And so Olivia and Elliot are, but let's see where the story takes us. You know?


So you just started using LinkedIn Premium now what? Well, on your premium company page, you noticed around seven and a half times more page engagement and five times more page views. Well done. And now new clients are messaging you all because you're using LinkedIn premium, which helps you get the business growth you want. Think big small business, think big. Start your free trial at linkedin.com/premium small business. That's linkedin.com/premium small business.


Hey, it's Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. Now I was looking for fun ways to tell you that mint's offer of unlimited premium wireless for $15 a month is back. So I thought it would be fun if we made $15 bills, but it turns out that's very illegal. So there goes my big idea for the commercial. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees, extra se min mobile.com.


Okay. Quick rapid fire. Who has been your favorite guest star to work with? Are you, are you fucking kidding me? There's so many good ones for different reasons. Name a couple quick. Oh Jesus. Well I mean the first thing comes outta my mouth right now is Bradley Woodford and Amy Landecker. Boom. Okay. Just 'cause it's recent and they're so funny. Okay. What episode of SVU are The most proud of Rapid Fire? The one I directed maybe, what's it called in the shit? That thing. The one in the sky with Bradley Woodford. Go Ahead. Boom. Okay. What has been your craziest fan interaction?


Craziest fan interaction. Hold on. There's a lot. I like it when like, you know, because I get so much love on the street and I, I mean I get a lot of love. Somebody's like, I don't get SVL, I don't get it. Somebody came up to me and I'm like, oh my God. Well I'm so sorry. Thank you. I dunno what to say. Sophie, did I have another fan interaction? Oh, That's good. Sophie's not even Sophie's, not Sophie. Sophie. But you live in New York City. Yeah. Is it like, are you getting, are you, can you walk to the bagel shop? No, no, No. It's so awesome. But you have to understand I walk, it's, it's such a joy. 'cause I walk and they're like, I gotta, I love you. You know, it's not, and They're like, Olivia. Yeah. And they, I hug it out. Yeah. I'm a hugger. It's a, it's very intimate relationship in New York.


Okay. So one time I was, I was, well, I was getting in my car and I was saw a man fall and so I went over, I jumped outta my car, I grabbed the man and I picked him up and I put him in my car and I took him to the hospital and then I took him home. Like I do like stuff like that a lot. If I see, if I see something, if you see something, say something. If I see something, I just handle it. There's stuff like That. Has has anyone ever mistaken you while you're on set for being an actual cop? Well, there was the time when I was shooting a scene in a park and we were shooting a scene and the little girl came up to me crying and said hi. And she was just crying and she wouldn't talk.


And I said, what's the matter, honey? And she said she was crying. And I said, did you lose your, did you lose? Is your mom? Can you, where's your mom? And she was like, and so I just picked her up. I said, can I pick you up? And I picked her up and then I walked around the park until I, until I found her mom. So I think she thought I was a police officer and, but either way she trusted me. So that was beautiful, Olivia. We love it. Have you ever ta taken anything from set? Like do you have, do you have any of like Olivia's memorabilia in your house? Oh yeah. Take whatever I want. Whenever I want. I, I just go, can I have this? I always ask, can I have this? And they're like, yeah, go ahead. But They're like, no. And you're like, okay thanks. And you take it anyway.


Yeah, they don't say no, but I don't ask for stuff like that, you know, they gave me like my real badge. Yeah. Because I wanted that and I framed it and then they made a new badge for me. That's really cute. Yeah. Okay. With all that you've achieved, how do you define success at this point in your Life? Peace, space. Balance. I feel so peaceful and present in a new way. I haven't always, I used to have a lot of anxiety, I'd be scared and I'm just not anymore.


And I trust, I think that I trust, I think I had a lot of catastrophic thinking and was waiting for the shoe to drop, which is understandable. Losing my mother. And then this thing happening with my father, and now I feel steady and grateful and loved. I think my family is my biggest place of success in my life. It's, it's everything that I wanted.


My husband is everything that I wanted. My husband is my home, my cheerleader, my makes me laugh. If he can fix anything. And the best dad, I call him daddy. I'm just kidding. I so don't, don't use that. It was sh that was that, That's the Headline. No on. And then my, my, my kids like, my, our family. I love my kids so much. And I just love our family. I love our family. The fact that I get to go home right now to my kids and my family, I, I'm like, what else is there?


What else is there? And integration. I say integration, this is what I was talking about. All the parts. I feel success because I'm integration. Everything's in balance. There's no like highs and lows. I'm like, oh yes, okay, the movie is great, but I'm just settled being with you and being present and connecting. It's, I just feel settled and hopeful. And now I go back to SBU and I'm like, oh, I wonder what I'll do. I'm not as fearful, You know? I think that's incredible advice. Like even thinking back to the beginning of this episode when you were talking about, you know, your twenties, you were like, that was the worst era of my life. And I know I have a lot of women in their twenties listening.


Yeah. And I think it's so beautiful to hear from you how they should feel so hopeful that it's going to get better. You're gonna know yourself more. You're going to grow into yourself more. You're going to learn how to heal your traumas. You're gonna learn how to love yourself more. It's all coming. Be patient and be gentle with yourself and know that there's parts of you at work and they're all trying to figure it out. And they're all parts that want your attention. So be gentle and listen, listen to that inner voice. My inner voice has guided me. And when I'm still enough to listen to it, it has all the answers.


You already have everything you need. You already have it inside. And that's the thing that we, that we need to grow into. This was so lovely. This was so lovely. I, I feel like I was just like at coffee with a girlfriend chatting. Truly, you are so inspiring. You're so talented, you're so smart. You're all the things of like a dream guest that I could have asked for and my family and friends are so fucking jealous right now. And I had the best time. So thank you so much for coming on. Call Her Daddy. This was a dream. Truly. I am honored to be here. Let's do it again. Woo.


Insurance may all seem the same on the surface, but having insurance isn't the same as having State Farm. It's like getting a granola bar with a candle in it. When you wanted a three layer birthday cake, you wouldn't settle for just any dessert on your birthday. So don't settle for just any insurance when it comes to getting the help you need. State Farm is the real deal. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Get ready for July 4th with early savings at Lowe's. Right now get up to 40% off select major appliances and get an additional 10% off, two or more Select major appliances plus get three stay green or premium two cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. These deals are coming in hot Lowe's. We help you save valid through 6 25. Selection varies by location while supplies last sea lows.com for more details. Excludes Alaska and Hawaii


Summer's coolest mattress deals are going on now at Ashley's Stars and Stripes Sale This summer save up to a thousand dollars on select mattresses and say goodbye to hot sleep and save up to $500 on the bestselling Tempur Breeze collection. Plus, feel the freedom to snooze now and pay later with 0% interest until 2030 on in-store purchases made with your Ashley Advantage Synchrony credit card, better sleep starts at Ashley, subject to credit approval. Minimum monthly payments required. See store for details.