1 (3s):
What is up. Daddy Gang. it is your founding father. Alex Cooper with Call

2 (8s):
Her Daddy. Daddy, daddy. Daddy.

1 (13s):
Megan Moroney. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you. I am so happy you're here. I can already tell this is gonna be a disaster in the best way.

3 (21s):
I know. I, I'm like high key terrified of us. Okay, so your

1 (25s):
Og, Daddy Gang

3 (26s):
Og Daddy Gang.

1 (26s):
Let's just talk about that for a minute. 'cause I do think that changes the vibe of an interview, right?

3 (30s):
It does. Like I was a junior in college walking around the University of Georgia with my block Kim hoodie. It was, it was the black one with pink riding so good. I had my pink unwell hat on just being an absolute menace. A man would look at me the wrong way and I'm like blocked.

1 (45s):
Honestly, I think that says so much about you. I'm, I already feel like we're best friends. I already know the energy is gonna be fabulous today. Congratulations. Like thank

3 (54s):
You. You

1 (54s):
Are everywhere in the best way. You're so fucking talented. You deserve all the success and everything that has come your way. Like it's so cool to see a woman in your position rise so quickly and it just all happened. Your new album is called Am I? Okay. So obviously I have to say like, are you okay? How are we doing today, Megan? What is going on?

3 (1m 12s):
We are more than okay. We are. This has been like the best week ever. So I'm so okay, but valid question. If you've listened to the album, it's like, dude, is she okay?

1 (1m 21s):
I like that you really write from like the personal perspective and you give a lot of details about your life and your love life specifically because obviously the tea is hot and I love the tea, so I'm like, yes, Megan Give it.

Corona (1m 47s):
This episode is brought to by Corona, the official CSA of Vita Musina, AKA, the fine life. Corona brings chill, refreshing beach vibes to every occasion. So get yours today@ordercorona.com. Drink responsibly, Corona Extra beer imported by Crown Imports Chicago Illinois.

Prairie Bag Works (2m 7s):
This episode is brought to you by Airie Daddy Gang. We all love getting comfy in our oversized sweats. If there's one thing you know about me, it is that. And that is one of the many reasons why all the love goes to Airy a brand that's been changing the fashion industry with a message of loving your real self since 2014. So get real with me for a minute. Okay, I understand. We see on social media everyone looking glamorous. I post things myself that I'm like, Ooh, I love this outfit. Here's the reality. 90% of the time I am in my sweats and most of the time that is when I'm happiest, right? I love going to events occasionally, but most of the time I'm at the event. I'm like literally get me home. I wanna get in my sweats. Today my reel is being in my sweats and tomorrow my reel is being in my sweats. So how do you get real with airy click or tap on the banner to visit airy.com for inspo and new drops.

Brooklinen (3m 5s):
This episode is brought to you by Brooke Linen. My bedroom is my sanctuary. My bedroom is my happy place. And when I get into bed at night with my clean sheets, I truly have never been happier in my life. It's my happy place. Brooklinen really offers great value and they help you save. Check out the hardcore bundles that come with everything. You have a fitted sheet, flat sheet duvet color, and four pillowcases. Start, end and dot your summer days with the reviving comfort of Brooklinen. Visit in store or online@brooklinen.com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. And get 15% off your first order.

1 (3m 44s):
You call yourself an emo cowgirl. What does that mean? Can you explain it to us?

3 (3m 49s):
So emotional cowgirl, not to be confused with goth cowgirl. I get a lot of questions about those two.

1 (3m 56s):
Yeah, because you're not giving

3 (3m 57s):
Goth. I'm not giving goth. We're giving pink sparkles like over the top, not goth, but emotional. I am probably The most emotional sensitive person ever.

1 (4m 6s):
So when is the last time you cried over a guy?

3 (4m 9s):
A few months ago. I

1 (4m 10s):
Thought you were say a few minutes ago.

3 (4m 12s):
Oh, no, no, no girlfriend. We are good. We are good, are good. A few months ago, yeah, I was just, I was having a breakdown over a loser. But

1 (4m 23s):
I mean, isn't it so sad when you waste your tears on a loser? oh my God and then

3 (4m 27s):
Sight is 2020 And. like you think of your mental state and you're like girlfriend, but like you have to have those moments. Like you have to go through it and then for sure you come out on the other side and you're, you're

1 (4m 37s):
Better. And then the best is when you look back and you're like, yes. Was it embarrassing? I cried like not as bad as a like he's such a fucking loser. Like I don't care as much anymore and new perspective. Right. But in the moment it hurts. It does

3 (4m 48s):
Hurt in the moment, but we got some good songs out of it. Okay,

1 (4m 50s):
So let's talk about, you obviously are a country singer. You, where were you born and raised? Like take me back to your hometown and what growing up was like.

3 (4m 58s):
So I was born in Savannah, Georgia. Okay. I grew up in Douglasville, Georgia, which is west of Atlanta. And I feel like for 22, 23 years of my life, I grew up very normal. Like this all just changed. So yeah, I mean I grew up playing guitar with my dad and my brother. They taught me how to play guitar. I was a cheerleader in high school. I also did musical theater though. So like, yeah, you can imagine the vibes were a little weird, I'll be honest. So

1 (5m 25s):
Don't go together.

3 (5m 26s):
So yeah, I, I hurt my knee cheerleading though. My junior year I was in a wheelchair for two months. I have like a gnarly scar on my knee and you can

1 (5m 33s):
Show me later. I'll show you later. Okay. Cheer taking your pants off already. I'm like, hey, we're five minutes in. Honestly, let it rip.

3 (5m 40s):
But I was in a wheelchair so while I had nothing to do, I really learned how to play guitar. My dad taught me. And it was only for fun though, like, you know, after school and on the weekends, my dad and I, I loved country music growing up. I've always loved country music. So me and my dad would just sing together with, if my brother was in town we'd do three part harmonies. It was just fun and I never thought that I would have a career out of it though. It was always just for fun because I, where I'm from, you kind of do what your parents do when you grow up, you know? And my mom was an accountant so I, I understood accounting. So I was like, maybe I'm supposed to be doing taxes, right? I'll get to college and figure it out. So that was my mindset. So yeah, I, I feel like I had a very normal upbringing.

3 (6m 23s):
Music was only just like a side thing.

1 (6m 25s):
But I feel like what we see sadly, but also positive for those that have this kind of like rise, like you was like if you get to have a normal childhood, you have the best chance of keeping your shit together and not losing your mind. And like going through it because people at a young age, it's like important to have your formative years Try if you can have normalcy, And like stability and not people like taking photos of you as much as we all think at a young age, that would be so cool. That's a lot to put a young kid through. And then it's almost like in their twenties and thirties they want to like go back and relive like a childhood And, like recreate what they wish they had. You had a normal life. Yes. So you're now like coming into this And like it seems like you're just like a normal girl in the best way that like went to college and had pretty normal life experiences.

1 (7m 10s):
You just mentioned your brother. I'm curious growing up like were your brothers super protective with boys? Like what was the vibe in the house?

3 (7m 17s):
So my oldest brother that plays guitar, he is about 15 years older than me I think. Okay. And so I didn't grow up with him, but my other brother is two years older than me.

1 (7m 28s):
Same. My brother's two years older than me.

3 (7m 30s):
He is like the sweet angel. Like I could not ask for a better brother. So he was never like the brother that was like cussing my boyfriends out. But he's definitely protective. I dated his best friend. That was my first boyfriend.

1 (7m 44s):
I Oh, I'm like, was he like protective And? like did he scare boys way? Meanwhile you're like, no, I ruined his life. I dated his best friend.

3 (7m 51s):
Yeah. They're not friends anymore.

1 (7m 53s):
Megan.

3 (7m 54s):
Yeah. That I wouldn't go back and do that again. Wait,

1 (7m 56s):
Can you tell me the story? What happened?

3 (7m 58s):
So I, it was actually like really weird looking back. I was in eighth grade and he was a, what is that? A sophomore going to be a junior. So I was about to be a so or a freshman though. Freshman. So he was hot and on the baseball team and I started Like. don don't even know how we started talking. I think we started texting or something. He became my first like serious boyfriend. We dated for two and a half years. He shattered my heart because when it was time for him to go to college, he like made up some lie. And like broke up with me and I was distraught. Like I had my, my mom had to sleep with me every night for like a month.

1 (8m 30s):
You know what's crazy is like when you get older, I still probably would want my mom to sleep with me when I'm crying. But since we don't live together, like I'm like if the proximity was there, would I still call my mom when I was heartbroken? Yes. If she would be in my bed I would even like get more And like sob all night. We also am dead that that was then your brother's best friend like Yeah and he was like chill in the house about it.

3 (8m 50s):
Well my brother is one of those things where he was like, well he's making her happy so I'm not gonna say your brother sounds so nice. I know he's like the sweetest, sweetest angel. But yeah, that didn't end. That didn't end well.

1 (9m 1s):
Okay. 'cause I know then the story, doesn't it go like then you wanted to go to the same college as him?

3 (9m 6s):
Yes. So me and my brother were like very close growing up. Like I wanted to be like I wore my brother's clothes growing up. Yes. He played baseball. So I played baseball. I wasn't on the softball team. I wanted to be like my brother. oh my God. So when he went to the University of Georgia and my brother's a smart one. Okay. Not that I'm not smart, but my brother is like, he'd never had to study for tests. Oh. He graduated with like a 4.0. I'm just like, like ugh.

1 (9m 27s):
Give a couple brain cells. Like

3 (9m 29s):
Miranda Lambert has a song that says my brother got the brains of the family. So I thought I'd learn to sing and I'm like, I resonated with that lyric so hard. So hard As a young child, you

1 (9m 38s):
Were doing fine. You were doing fine.

3 (9m 39s):
But I followed him to UGA. Yeah. So when I was a freshman, he was a senior. Like he did buy laundry for me. It was a perfect scenario. I live in the dorms, which were crusty as hell. oh my God, he had a house so we would have like pizza nights once a week. It was like very wholesome.

1 (9m 52s):
Okay. Wait, back to high school before we get to college, what were you like in high school?

3 (9m 56s):
I, I feel like I was a very much a relationship girl. I had that boyfriend for two years and then my second half of high school I also had a boyfriend. So I feel like I was in, I was a cheerleader too, but I was also a musical theater. So I feel like I was friends with everyone but I didn't feel like I really belonged in high

1 (10m 14s):
School. and I was gonna say like if I walked into your cafeteria, what clique am I sitting you like seeing you with?

3 (10m 20s):
Maybe with the cheerleaders but like on that very end in seat

1 (10m 25s):
Stop because then like your theater girls are over

3 (10m 28s):
There and you're like thank you. I know. Well it was like the theater girls were like, should we trust her? She's a cheerleader. And then the cheerleaders were like, I just, I did not know who I was in high school. I would not say I peaked in high school.

1 (10m 38s):
Okay, hold on. Did I read though that then you thought about going and following your high boyfriend to college? Megan? I

3 (10m 46s):
Simp dude. I'm dude if he, if he said go to this college for me, I would've been like, babe, I got you. I will absolutely rearrange my life for you. Not anymore. Not anymore.

1 (10m 58s):
We're

3 (10m 59s):
A farm. Not anymore. We're we are recovered. Right.

1 (11m 1s):
But okay. When you were simp, were you guys with the same age? This is not your brother's best friend. Yeah, this is a new boyfriend. This

3 (11m 7s):
Is a new boyfriend. The day I got into UGA I was like, see

1 (11m 12s):
You're like breaking up with you. I was

3 (11m 14s):
Like love you so much. Not really Gotta go.

1 (11m 19s):
That's so crazy. Like I remember I had a high school boyfriend and when I got to Boston I was convinced I was gonna stay with him. I'm like we're gonna make it work long distance. The minute I got on campus and saw like dude yeah the junior boys, I was literally like boost

3 (11m 32s):
Like dude literally gone dude you get to UGA and there's guys that are like six five there and you're like oh my God,

1 (11m 37s):
You literally don't even remember your ex-boyfriend's name. And. like I

3 (11m 39s):
Was like, it was so fun. Like it was so much fun. Okay.

1 (11m 41s):
You were in a sorority. I was And like I am from the northeast. I went to school in Boston. Like I don't un and I was an athlete so I don't understand sorority life whatsoever. You need to like walk me through being in Georgia and being in a sorority. I feel like that is like the creme de la creme of like crazy sorority life. Tell me everything. What was the best, what was the worst parts of it?

3 (12m 2s):
It was insane. and I don't regret it. I think that being in kd, actually I was a cap Delta. Okay. and I wasn't necessarily involved in everything. Like I wasn't like planning it. Like I would go to what I had to go to. Okay. To not get fined.

1 (12m 15s):
Wait and is capade not to get fined. Oh wait, did you get fined? You,

3 (12m 18s):
If you don't go to chapter, you get like fined and stuff. Okay.

1 (12m 21s):
Wait, hold on. Well I maybe Daddy Gang like knows what the fuck is going on. But I need you to slow down. First of all, what is, if you didn't go to chapter, did you say if

3 (12m 27s):
You didn't go to chapter you would get fined or like couldn't. First chapter. Chapter is like once a week. Something that could have been an email. I always went in there and I'm like, this could have been an email, but thank God I'm not studying for my test. This is awesome. What

1 (12m 40s):
Do you do at chapter?

3 (12m 41s):
You sit there. I'm like, I honestly trauma

1 (12m 45s):
Blocked it up. Like don don't remember because I don't wanna remember. No,

3 (12m 49s):
It wasn't as culty as people make it sound. Okay. But there were some like things where we'd all have to sing together. It was like only like once a month where you would like do the the chants together. No, literally like, I'm not even

1 (12m 60s):
Kidding. We do a chant. Come on. I,

3 (13m 1s):
I don't remember it. Oh I swear I cap

1 (13m 3s):
1, 2, 3. Those

3 (13m 4s):
Were, that's rush week. And anything you see on TikTok that looks that insane is literally like the

1 (13m 10s):
Ah,

3 (13m 13s):
It it's, it was an experience and I will say I wouldn't go back and change it but like once you're out of it you're like that is kind of crazy. Crazy. We paid to be in it. We paid a lot of money to be in it and if you didn't go to things you'd get fined. But I did meet my best friends. Oh and I mean like my sorority had 300 girls in it though, so you're not gonna like everybody. oh my God obviously like I think that's kind of what they portray is like, oh my God, we're the best of friends. If you're a Kappa Delta then it's family. And while I don't disagree with that but it's just like it's, it's hard to get 300 girls to get along. Oh yeah. But I met my very best friends through that. Like my best friend Natalie, we met the first day of Rush And. like we are inseparable.

3 (13m 53s):
She lives in Nashville. Like

1 (13m 54s):
That's amazing.

3 (13m 56s):
And there's like so many others that I met through Katie and, but it was definitely like being in a sorority in Georgia is exactly what you would think it is. What

1 (14m 4s):
Was your type in college like? What guys? You're going for Douch bag. Oh fuck. Just be

3 (14m 9s):
Honest. No, I'm just, that's not on purpose but there's a through line with

1 (14m 15s):
You're like and then kept going outta college, which we're still unpacking. So

3 (14m 18s):
In college, loved an athlete.

1 (14m 21s):
Oh my God love

3 (14m 23s):
An athlete. College or professional didn't care.

1 (14m 26s):
Oh my God Megan. Hold on. Rewind. Hold on. Okay, so you weren't going for the frat boys. No. And so what sports on campus did we infiltrate football? See I didn't have a football team. What the fuck I had. So I had soccer and oh, hockey was like the main thing in Boston. Okay. The football boys.

3 (14m 47s):
It was brief though. And then I baseball too. Okay. Different college though. Okay. I dated a baseball boy that played at a different college. How

1 (14m 55s):
Was that?

3 (14m 56s):
It was an experience.

1 (14m 57s):
Did he cheat on you?

3 (14m 58s):
Yes.

1 (15m 0s):
Like it's like a right pass.

3 (15m 2s):
Can I be honest with you though? He's my favorite ex.

1 (15m 5s):
Really?

3 (15m 5s):
Because he came around and apologized for his actions and was like, you know what? I did treat you like shit. I was immature. and I can respect that. I

1 (15m 14s):
Can respect that too. It's like when they really like push you so down in the dumps to at least apologize. 'cause some of them act like you're crazy. Even if you like find the nudes on the phone and it's like that somehow got there.

3 (15m 24s):
Like speaking of that. Oh. So I had found a nude on a phone and he, he said it was from a long time ago, whatever. Actually I didn't find it. He was like going through his Snapchat and then it just like comes up. You know what I mean? No. How old is man? And you're like, what was that?

1 (15m 37s):
Why did wait and this This is in college.

3 (15m 38s):
This is in college. Okay. So I was like, what was that? And whatever lie he told, I believed him. Of course, of course.

1 (15m 46s):
You're like, oh my babe, don't worry. There's

3 (15m 48s):
More evidence that I, I was in a shower and I saw this like long piece of brown hair on the wall of the shower. And like, and I convinced myself

1 (15m 58s):
That you were going brown.

3 (15m 60s):
No, that his hair.

1 (16m 1s):
No,

3 (16m 2s):
It was, I was convinced myself that that strand of hair came off his

1 (16m 6s):
Head. Megan, I thought you were gonna say you were going combing through your own hair being like, there must be one piece of brown coming through bitch. What? Yeah.

3 (16m 15s):
No, it was a low point for me. And the best part is And. like I will be out of all my exes. Like I swear he's one of my favorites because he's just him and I. It was an immature relationship. Of course. I, I think you look back at college and you're like, we were stupid. We were having fun and it was never that serious. And so that's how I view him. Well

1 (16m 31s):
Is he the one that you found the news on his phone? Yeah. Got it. But it was, that's how you found out he was Cheating. Yeah,

3 (16m 35s):
It was. Or that's how I like had an inkling and then but

1 (16m 37s):
Can I just pause you there? I think that's a really, really good moment for us women to look at. Like when we get mad at our friends for not leaving their like piece of ship boyfriends that we all know they're Cheating. Like think about what you just said. This man has short brown hair and you find a 22 inch long brown extension curled up in the shower and you're like, it must be Brad's like it must be, hey

3 (17m 0s):
It's gotta be his

1 (17m 2s):
Like the delusion

3 (17m 3s):
Run. He would never do that to me. He loves me. He said he loves me.

1 (17m 8s):
This has to be his hair. It's the delusion run so deep we can't even be mad. It's like you are blinded until you get out and you live and you love. Okay, what were you gonna say?

3 (17m 15s):
So I'm not a phone looker through her. Okay. But I purchased his Apple watch. Okay. So I looked through the Apple

1 (17m 22s):
Watch. No, Megan, what's worse that

3 (17m 29s):
I bought it. So it was my watch to go through

1 (17m 33s):
The genius sitting across from me. I have never been more impressed. And

3 (17m 37s):
You know what, you know what I did? I, I sent him a picture. I was supposed to meet him somewhere. Okay. I was still getting ready. He had to go early.

1 (17m 45s):
I'm like crying out of happiness. I'm literally just,

3 (17m 48s):
I sent him a picture of the Apple watch and the pic, like the text that proved that my suspicions were correct. And then he starts calling me a million times. I have packed up all of my belongings, put them in my 2010 Mustang at the time. Oof. Girl. and I went to the pool.

1 (18m 8s):
What? and I waited for him to get home. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, no, no. I, I need you to rewind 'cause my brain just blacked out. And like, and then she drove away. Hold on. You

3 (18m 20s):
What? I sent him the proof. So he had to go somewhere. I was supposed to meet him. I sent him, he left his Apple watch. Okay. So I was like, this is God's plan right? So we're gonna go through, I send him the pictures, no caption, no nothing. I just sent it to him. What are the pictures? It's just texts where they're like late, like they went out And like they're just like, oh your door's locked. Like that sort of stuff. So I send him that no reaction. He's calling me a million times. I don't answer. I wait until he's done at his event and has to come home and deal with me. And where does he find me? All of my shit packed in my car and I am laying by the pool. Lounging.

1 (18m 53s):
Are you like at this point are you in a bikini?

3 (18m 56s):
Can I preface this? I was in college listening to Call Her Daddy at the time. No, I think this is your doing. You're

1 (19m 2s):
Listening to my voice be like

3 (19m 4s):
Get

1 (19m 4s):
A match, burn his home down. I know. Smile and take a selfie.

3 (19m 8s):
I was like leaving right now is not good enough.

1 (19m 11s):
No, you need to like relish in it. Just like Hi babe. The crazy eyes like did you get my text?

3 (19m 16s):
I've been waiting for you to come home and honestly can I be really honest? Yes. I stem and I stayed that night.

1 (19m 25s):
Megan.

3 (19m 26s):
This is okay. This is what I'm talking about though. Like being able to live life and go through college and be delusional and dumb gorgeous has made me the person I am to realize, to realize that like it's okay to be that dumb because one day you will grow up and be 26 years old and laugh at that.

1 (19m 47s):
I am so appreciative of your honesty because you're just like, I appreciate it. You're not too cool to be like bitch I stayed like absolutely. I made him dinner that night. She said

3 (19m 56s):
No I am like so easily manipulated. Like

1 (19m 60s):
What was his, what was his lie?

3 (20m 1s):
Well it was, see I don't even remember. Oh. But it was must've been good. I think honestly you know what it was, which now I have like a song that correlates, which this song wasn't even written about the situation but it correlates was like I knew if I left I would have to go home and I wasn't supposed to be home. So my mom would ask me why I was there and then I have to get the mom involved. Oh. So I have a song called Mom I lied on my new record. Yes. Which is not about this situation because he's Sweet Angel. We love him. This is about a different guy but

1 (20m 27s):
He's a sweet angel. We love him.

3 (20m 29s):
Okay. No now at the time, okay. We were mad at him for a, you love

1 (20m 32s):
All of your exes. You love the Snapchat baby boy with the Nudies, you love the man. Does it say man,

3 (20m 38s):
No, no, no. Okay. I take it back. We don't love him. Oh but compared to the rest,

1 (20m 42s):
Oh it just keeps getting worse. I love how Megan's like and I just like am the woman I am today. 'cause it got better. You're like hold my shit. Actually Alex, the Mustang has nothing on than what I'm about to share with you. Okay. Did you unpack the Mustang alone? Did you do it like you were in

3 (20m 56s):
Together? I think I left the next day and honestly shortly after that our relationship was never the same. Okay. And so it did take like two months and then after that big event, it was never the same.

1 (21m 5s):
I will say when you are close with your mother, there's nothing worse. Like I did the same where I found out a guy was Cheating on me and I was just like I have, I would rather stay than tell my mom right now 'cause I'm not ready for her to know and the wrath of like her to protect me. I need to like live in the dilution just a little bit longer.

3 (21m 23s):
And like I haven't decided if I'm really done yet. So when I tell my mom it's over, it's over my fur. Back to my first boyfriend. oh my God. When I said I was gonna like text him, my mom was like, I will turn your phone off. And my, my mom like monitored my text messages. You're

1 (21m 38s):
Still on the family plan. She's like, I will cut the cord. Yeah. If you even try. Oh wow. I really love that about your mom though because she's trying to keep you honest with yourself of like you deserve better but you're like, I don't want better right now. Mom, this feels

3 (21m 50s):
Perfect. I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah,

1 (21m 51s):
Yeah. Okay. So that was college that and what are we, this is like sophomore, junior. That

3 (21m 57s):
Was sophomore ish I believe. Okay.

1 (21m 59s):
Yeah. Okay. Did you ever like the same guys, any of your sorority sisters or no, you were like, no, you were out in the field and they were with the FRA

3 (22m 8s):
Boys. I actually dated guys usually like I didn't actually date any guy at Georgia ever. Like they were always elsewhere.

1 (22m 14s):
I'm not gonna lie. That is probably the best way to do it. So you can kind of keep your own shit over there And. like not have to deal with them on campus. And you, it's, it's a better way to go about it. I did the same exact thing actually. Is it a better way to go about it? It's absolutely not. It's actually makes them be 10 times shadier. But it seems fun. Okay. What professional sports were we dabbling with in college? Sweetie?

3 (22m 34s):
Can I play the F on that? I

1 (22m 36s):
Thought you were about to look at me. I dunno why. Okay. Can I be honest? You just gave me a look that I thought you were about to be like, I have a funny story. We have talked to the same man before. I'm like, I wouldn't put,

3 (22m 46s):
Honestly, I actually have a story for that at a later date. Oh we do know a same hockey man.

1 (22m 52s):
Wait, wait, say it to me. We're gonna cut it.

3 (22m 55s):
You swear. I I

1 (22m 56s):
I promise on my life. I don't want it out there either. I'm married. Okay. All of that is cut. Daddy, I'm sorry I just blue balled you. But we do know a similar athlete and it is not slim shady. He doesn't play that sport. No,

3 (23m 11s):
No. Yeah,

1 (23m 11s):
I think he's like a neurotic sociopath.

3 (23m 15s):
I wouldn't put it

1 (23m 16s):
Past. Okay. Okay. I need to hear this story afterwards because of girl. Okay, we need to talk about college because I think like we were just talking about you are having a normal life and all of a sudden in college your life changes And. like from what I was doing my research on and I want you to tell the whole story. Like this wasn't a planned thing, right? This kind of just happened that all of a sudden your career took off. Tell us the full story if you can, if you don't mind. Yes.

3 (23m 41s):
Okay. I'll try to make this brief. Okay. Because it's long. But so like I said, I grew up playing music with my family. So I would post videos on Instagram sometimes of like our covers and if the harmony sounded good I'd post that. And so I, when I got to college and I was in the sorority, I was known as like the country singer just because I, I didn't even write songs. I was just singing country songs with my family. So everyone was like, that's her. And so for one of our philanthropy events, we hired John Langston, which he's a country artist and we used all of our budget on him. So we didn't have money for an opener, but they were like, Megan is the country singer. She can surely get up there and entertain people for 20 minutes before John Langston comes on. So me, my dad and my brother played that gig.

3 (24m 23s):
We played three cover songs. I think it was like two Miranda Lambert songs in one Casey Musgrave song. And at that show Chase, chase Rice is there. So of course he was at the sorority. Right? Of course.

1 (24m 33s):
Of course Chase

3 (24m 34s):
Of course shout out Chase. He saw me perform there and was like, I have a show at the Georgia Theater next month that isn't sold out. If you bring all of these hot girls to the Georgia Theater, you can open for me first of three. The only condition is that you write your own song. 'cause I don't want you to perform covers. That's weird. And so I wrote one song to be able to do that and the rest were covers. So I had 30 minutes and since I, like ever since I played that show, like it completely changed everything. and I was like, this is what I wanna do with my life. I don't know how I'm gonna make this happen but we're gonna do it. So

1 (25m 6s):
Dude that is so crazy that like, it was like a hobby of yours that you're like, I do this fun thing with my family And then all of that. Was that crazy for your family to be like, you're taking off when it was kind of like your guys like fun hobby thing together?

3 (25m 21s):
Yeah, like it was very surreal for my family to like see me perform at the Georges Theater 'cause that's like an iconic venue in Athens. And for it to happen like so quickly, it was my freshman year. But even throughout college, you know like I also like never skipped class. I was very into school so I was very focused on schoolwork. So I really didn't write that much in college. I really didn't start writing writing all the time until Covid. So even in college, like I was known I was getting gigs and I was playing at the local restaurant for tips and literally like for 10 people. But it wasn't like, oh she's doing it. 'cause it was also like, well there's 10 people you're in, they're all your friends.

1 (25m 60s):
It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. We, I'm so fascinated though because if you weren't always writing songs, like what was that like first songwriting process? Like for you when you had to like sit down and start to figure out like what your sound was and your voice?

3 (26m 13s):
It's really interesting because I, I have no idea. I, I like just sat down with a guitar and I was like, okay you have to write a song. The first song I wrote was called Stay A Memory. And it was like of course like a fuck you song I was like stay a memory and don't come back. And that's kind of the vibe of my music now. So I feel like I've always had that kind of like empowering, confident like vibe to my songwriting. And then my junior year I feel like I wrote, I got my Heart broken pretty bad and I started writing songs for like therapeutic purposes. And it was like ever since then it's just been easy. Like I started, I learned how to write by myself and I always tell young songwriters like if there's anything you need to do, it's learn to write by yourself because you know you have a point of view, you know what you wanna say and if you can sit down and finish a song then like you've got it.

3 (27m 1s):
Well

1 (27m 1s):
That's what I was gonna say is like what I love so much about your music is you can, yes you can tell that you are personally writing it and I appreciate when it's obviously very relatable because you're going through like a lot of shit that like women go through AK Heartbreak and when I'm listening to your songs, I have to ask like what would you consider your biggest heartbreak?

3 (27m 22s):
My biggest heartbreak?

1 (27m 23s):
Like what was the worst one?

3 (27m 25s):
My biggest heartbreak. Like I, I think there's like a few that are tied. It's guys I didn't date. I, you know, that sounds so dramatic but like I said, I'm, I'm very sensitive and I, guess you could say dramatic. So what I've created in my head is always so much better and hard to let go of than what actually happened. Sure. Like with the guys that I've truly dated, like we see it through till we like, you know what I mean? Yes. Like by the time it's like we're done. Okay we are handshaking like peace, peace. But it's, it's the guys I feel like that have broken my heart The most are the ones that like I never even like officially dated.

3 (28m 8s):
It's

1 (28m 8s):
Like the situation ships where you are like half of the relationship is you like laying in bed And like fantasizing about like what you'll be and half of things you think about and fantasize they never even happen. Right.

3 (28m 17s):
Or like they've showed you who they could be and so in your brain you create an entire scenario of what has not and will not happen.

1 (28m 26s):
It's actually so painful. And when you say it like that though, it does make more sense. You're right. Like when you're in long-term relationships, you go through everything together almost. Right. And by the end, like I actually kind of understand when you're like the college guys that you that you were like, I love him. Like he's great. Yeah because you lived a whole like experience with him and it was like it was time to move on. Right. The situation chip where you're like, are we something, are we not? It's, I feel like horrible. I feel like your wife one day and then I feel like trash the next day. It's a mother fucking mind fuck's. Are you someone that like can immediately get over someone though? Or are you like on someone for a while?

3 (29m 0s):
I feel like I usually sit in my sadness for a while. I, especially now like I don't have time to date guys. Like I so like I feel like moving out in college was easier 'cause you can just, oh go out and meet some hot guy or like I used to be on Raya so it's like you're just entertaining yourself with other dudes or whatever like and then it's Like don don't have time for any of that now though. So I feel like

1 (29m 24s):
Okay but do you ever feel like you put yourself in a situation 'cause you know it's gonna make a great song?

3 (29m 31s):
Alex? There are times where my friends have scolded me and I've been like, he he, he, I'm like no, the content we are going to get from this is going to be spectacular. Bear with me. It's

1 (29m 47s):
Fair. Okay. To be fair, I think when I look back at a lot of my show I'm like, I maybe stayed in things longer 'cause I was like, God this is gonna be a good episode. And at least we're getting to like put it somewhere where like a lot of times you hear girls be like doing it for the plot, but our plot turns into a song or an episode that like is entertaining and fun and can help people. So you know what, we can be the vessel of heartbreak and we can just keep going through it and then people are gonna feel better about their lives. Exactly. So I don't judge you. I hope you know I've done it too. So I was asking 'cause I was like, oh I wonder if she's like me where we just like stand things like that don't

3 (30m 20s):
Make happen. Like there will be times where like there was a situation not that long ago where I did something and I texted my manager and I said, we're gonna get a good song out of this. Also make me a therapy appointment for tomorrow.

1 (30m 31s):
No, no, no, no. Yeah. Can you? No, no

5 (30m 36s):
We can't. Gimme a hint. Gimme a hint.

1 (30m 41s):
You were going through it.

3 (30m 43s):
Yeah. It was just like a, it was a fresh out the slammer by Teyl Swift situation.

1 (30m 54s):
I wonder if I know who you're talking about.

3 (30m 56s):
No,

1 (30m 56s):
No, no. Maybe I'm gonna get there. Don't worry. I'm gonna ask you a lot of questions. You're not done.

K18 Hair (31m 19s):
This episode is brought to you by K 18. Hair Daddy Gang. Maybe you've noticed I heat style and bleach my hair all the time. Okay. This blonde didn't just happen naturally. So my hair can be rough at times. So I changed up my routine with K 18. Their molecular repair mask reverses hair damage from within so I can have soft, strong hair that lasts Pop by your nearest Sephora to discover my K 18 favorite or try it 10% off with code Call Her Daddy on your first order@keighteenhair.com. That's code Call Her Daddy at K eight hair.com.

NARS Cosmetics (32m 4s):
This episode is brought to you by NARS cosmetics. Daddy Gang. Let's talk bold lipstick looks. I remember one of the first times I did a bold lipstick look was going to an event. I was so nervous 'cause I'm Like don don't know. Am I a bold girl? Like I don't know if I can pull this off. and I remember looking at the pictures being like, who is she? I'm kind of loving it. I felt, I felt like I could conquer the world because I was like terrified. And I'm like, oh that was actually easy. I stepped outside my comfort zone and look, I actually loved my look to put it simply, I love a bold look And NARS cosmetics does too. That's why they want to celebrate that transformative confidence with their new explicit lipstick. You can get a wide range of fearless shades with long lasting comfort in a satin finish shop now@narscosmetics.com.

1 (32m 54s):
Do you believe in this like the classic saying, in order to get over someone, you need to get under someone new.

3 (32m 59s):
I think you should go to therapy.

1 (33m 1s):
No,

3 (33m 3s):
I think

1 (33m 5s):
You're like actually therapy. You're like, what I know in my brain is therapy the reality of what I do.

3 (33m 12s):
Well I don't think that always helps. Yeah. Because I think like I've tried that before and then it's like you end up just missing them more. Yes. You know what I mean? Like it can go, it maybe works out, but I feel like for The most part rare it doesn't, it's, and for me, like when I go to therapy and then I tell my therapist how I'm getting treated, that usually like helps me get over it.

1 (33m 31s):
Right? They're like, let me, that's because she's

3 (33m 32s):
So rough. Let me bring you back down to earth. And like lets you realize how you're supposed to be treated. I'm like, oh shit.

1 (33m 39s):
That's the worst. When they're like, so let me say back to you what you just said to me. And I'm like, no. And she's like, so you just said he did this, this, this and this to you and you called him the next morning. and I'm like, I'm like, of course.

3 (33m 52s):
Of course. He said he was sorry

1 (33m 56s):
Dude. That is humbling. Yeah. Okay. So now I agree though, like it's very rare if you're moving on from someone that you can find someone that will actually make you forget about the person that you're hung up on. Right. That's fucking rare. Like I maybe my life have had it once and then it like also fades anyways. Right. And

3 (34m 13s):
Then you're with the person, you're still thinking about the other person. So it's like this is not good. Not for anyone involved.

1 (34m 18s):
No. Okay, let's talk about Megan now though. Okay. Because we did, you know I did catch when you said, you know, oh it got worse just for a second there.

3 (34m 27s):
It got worser it,

1 (34m 28s):
It got worser, it got real worse sir. You get outta college And what happened after college? Did you get cheated on by another?

3 (34m 38s):
I did. Absolutely. Of course I did Alex. So there was this guy, I moved to Nashville right after college, literally during Covid. So that was like a horrible time to move anywhere. But I was just dying to get after it. So I can't remember if it was, I guess I had a boyfriend during Covid that that doesn't count. Okay. It was like a long distance thing that was just like really stupid to try to date someone long distance during Covid. I don't know what happened.

1 (35m 5s):
No, it doesn't work. It doesn't work.

3 (35m 6s):
But after that I dated a guy in Nashville and well actually we weren't officially dating. Those

1 (35m 14s):
Are the worst

3 (35m 15s):
Last week And. like I, I know I'm saying this story and everyone's gonna think it's about someone, but I'm just gonna say that it's not this person Morgan Wallan, it's not him. This is not this story. This is someone else That's good for

1 (35m 24s):
The next story. Okay, perfect.

3 (35m 25s):
But this right now is not about him. I dated some guy, he had a whole girlfriend the whole time I was with him every single day. He had a girlfriend, Megan.

1 (35m 34s):
He

3 (35m 34s):
Wasn't just Cheating

1 (35m 35s):
The trust issues that are coming out of this episode.

3 (35m 38s):
Dude fuck And. like I could not believe it. He was, he was like low key, insane though. Like when I first met him, he called my friends into the bathroom and was crying about the feelings he had for me. Like there was something wrong. Not right up here.

1 (35m 51s):
Nope. Nope.

3 (35m 53s):
And that's who sleep on my side is about. So I have a song called Sleep Sad and you sleep with everyone. That's about him. Dude, your

1 (36m 0s):
Voice in person is insane. It's like, what?

3 (36m 4s):
What? But yeah, so I, and we weren't officially dating 'cause I wouldn't date him 'cause I had the feeling that I, you know, got, he had a girlfriend the entire time I get a Hey girl dm.

1 (36m 16s):
Yeah, no, hey girl

3 (36m 18s):
DM not a hey girl. And she's like, I think you're talking to my boyfriend. And I was like your boyfriend. And then I cont like once I cut things off with him, I immediately cut things off. 'cause I was like, that is insane. I'm with you every single day. And you have a girlfriend, like a whole girlfriend. Not even just, and they've been dating for like years.

1 (36m 37s):
Bye. I can't I men.

3 (36m 40s):
So did you

1 (36m 41s):
Confront him?

3 (36m 41s):
Like did, oh of course. Yeah. I was like literally never speak to me again. I know we're not break. I know we're not together but we're breaking up. Right? So this man, this man sends me flowers. No, the girl is trying to get information out of me. Like I think you're being crazy. Like he's not actually with you. And I'm like, girl, he, I'm I'm telling you girl to girl, he sent me flowers. She was like, no he didn't, he would not do that. He just said he didn't send you flowers. And I was like, and this guy, like I took, he met my family. Not on purpose but just because right. There was a wedding during New Year's and I needed a date class. Like wasn't on purpose. Right. But like, he like accidentally met my whole family. So it like wasn't just casual and he had a whole girlfriend. But

1 (37m 21s):
The problem is, and I think this is a learning lesson for all of us, is the girl that's like, no I think you're being crazy, blah blah. She's in her hair in the shower phase where she believes Right. She's like it, he must be telling me the truth. She's a liar. Like she clearly probably figured out one day. I know, I, I felt

3 (37m 37s):
Bad. and I literally was like genuinely run. That's sucks. 'cause if he can be that scary to you, clearly he's manipulating you really badly. Yes. He's trying to lie to Me too. But I've already been manipulated by shower man. My first boyfriend, the junior year guy, I'm like, girl

1 (37m 53s):
The veteran.

3 (37m 54s):
I'm like, girl, I'm watching out for you. You need to run. I think since I like see her on my for you page sometime, I think since then she has moved on. Oh,

1 (38m 3s):
I thought you were gonna say they're married. I'm like, it's a classic. It's a classic. Damn. Okay.

3 (38m 8s):
But yeah, that was a situation. And that was another thing where like looking back, I was like, he cried to my friends about liking me so much. I think screws were loose, some sort of manipulation thing. I'm not sure what's going on there. But

1 (38m 24s):
That's when you know, like if it's too early on and he's like sobbing, you're like, first of all, why are you crying? Like it's not that deep. We haven't even said we loved each other and we're also not even dating yet. So let's reel in the emotions. What, what is this ACT's

3 (38m 38s):
His performance. And my friends were confused 'cause they were like, that's really sweet. Oh but we're what's going on?

1 (38m 43s):
Right? And then clearly yeah, it's all a facade to like get you more attached And. like get you more into it. And then meanwhile he has a full ass fucking family at home and you're like, damn,

3 (38m 52s):
That was insane.

1 (38m 53s):
Okay, so Megan, hey, did you date Morgan Wallen?

3 (39m 3s):
Never Exclusively.

1 (39m 6s):
Yeah. And goodbye. Okay.

3 (39m 10s):
Oh my God, thank you so much. It's been so much fun. And

1 (39m 14s):
Goodbye everyone. Let's go talk off camera. Okay. Interesting. Not exclusively. So you, I think it's obvious and that's why like, I do appreciate you being honest because like I feel like everyone kind of knows and

3 (39m 23s):
I have so tried to avoid that in every single interview I've ever done. But you're here. Sweet. But we're here now and it's time has passed and all is well. So,

1 (39m 33s):
Okay. Is your song Tennessee Orange about him?

3 (39m 37s):
I will not sing my songs about ever. You

1 (39m 40s):
Just did a little. You okay? Maybe. Oh, that's

3 (39m 43s):
True. Yeah. We'll never name see. Okay. Fair,

1 (39m 45s):
Fair, fair, fair, fair. Yeah. Okay. You won't confirm. Do you think he has any songs about you?

3 (39m 49s):
I have no idea.

1 (39m 51s):
Lies Lies, lies. Okay. Why did the relationship end?

3 (39m 55s):
Okay. So it was never a relationship. Okay. Okay. I will, here's what I'll tell you though. How did you, okay. Because I haven't told anyone this ever. Okay, here we go. So him and I met in 2020. Okay. John Langston actually introduced us and I. So I was a senior in college. Covid hadn't happened yet. His dangerous album wasn't even out yet. So we were friends for a long time. So we've It's what, 2024? That was 2020. Yep. So we're friends for a long time. Okay. We are not just friends and now we're friends.

1 (40m 27s):
I love that answer. Okay, so you guys had like a little thing. A little thing, but you weren't officially dating. Yeah,

3 (40m 35s):
No, never officially dating.

1 (40m 36s):
But as we talked about Megan, those can be the worst.

3 (40m 40s):
Yeah. I will say if anyone's like overly sensitive and will get their heartbroken And like, yeah, it's, it's me.

1 (40m 48s):
How did you keep something like that? That private?

3 (40m 51s):
It's not that hard. He is, I feel like he's a very private person.

1 (40m 53s):
You think?

3 (40m 55s):
Yeah.

1 (40m 56s):
So you kind of just like maneuvered around.

3 (40m 58s):
Well yeah, it was not like, like I said, we weren't exclusively dating ever. Okay. and I think both of our schedules too much. Like we haven't seen, like when we try to hang out, it's like, okay, we have this one day of the whole month where we're both maybe in town. Right. And then someone's got something going on. It was like that sort of thing. But him and I are friends, so

1 (41m 22s):
I think that's great. Obviously, you know, I had to ask. I I know like, I don't wanna make you uncomfortable. I'm

3 (41m 27s):
Like,

1 (41m 27s):
Come on Megan. I had to ask.

3 (41m 29s):
I know. And honestly I just, because he's such a private person, I get it. I, it just feels like awkward talking about

1 (41m 34s):
It. So I I think that you gave me exactly what we need to know. We can move on. Okay. Are you single or you, are you in a relationship right now?

3 (41m 40s):
I'm so single.

1 (41m 42s):
How is single life?

3 (41m 43s):
I love it. I sleep so good. Oh. Like, no, nobody's son is stressing me out. Like I, I'm in rem sleep every night, you know what I mean? Love, love and I feel like all of my free time is being spent with my girlfriends. Okay. and I can just really like, enjoy being in the moment. I feel like, like I said, I'm very sensitive. Yeah. So when I do date someone, like if we're having problems or whatever it may be, like it really does affect me. Like I'm the someone where like you can, my mood immediately is affected. So that's why like a song, like I have a song called Hell of a show and it was like really hard because I would literally cry on cry before I went on stage. I would perform and then I would go cry myself to sleep.

3 (42m 25s):
And it's like, that was very difficult for me. So it's, I'm way happier single for now. At least. I feel like everything is so new still. So I'm enjoying not having to worry about that part of things.

1 (42m 38s):
I feel like that was something that I appreciated when Taylor Swift released a song. I can Do it with a broken Heart that like all of the fans for the first time were like, oh, I didn't think about that. Like, these musicians can go on stage And like give so much of themselves and be just like, so just like happy and performative. Right. And like, because you know, people are there to see you and you don't wanna like bring your emotions into it. But it was so helpful to be like, yeah, no, you guys are also human beings. Like when you are on stage and you've been crying, like up until you literally get shoved out. There are those explain those type of shows to me.

3 (43m 13s):
Well it's one of those things where in my song hell of a show, I say keep it together. I can keep it together for the room full of people here who love me better. And it's like, for those 90 minutes or however long I'm on stage, I am like genuinely happy. Yeah. And to see like little girls, their light eyes light up and they have, I love the Girl in the Mirror shirts on. It's like, it almost makes me crying over a guy. It's like, I can't believe that I'm letting him take away from this moment. So I feel like it's tough because like those moments right before you go on stage, you're literally like, holy shit. I was just crying. Yes. And like, I want to die right now. But there's like people that are chanting my name and I gotta put it on.

3 (43m 56s):
But like, while it's happening, it's like I'm just grateful anytime I can be on stage. 'cause I feel the love for my fans and it's, it's almost like a reminder of like, someone one day is gonna appreciate me and isn't gonna treat me like shit. And will make these moments like they will be here for these moments and not ruin them.

1 (44m 13s):
I love that. and I think you're so right. It's like being in front of all of your fans must be just like a euphoric feeling. And it kind of puts things in perspective of like, you are so talented, you're so incredible, you're so smart. Like you're funny, like even sitting with you now, I'm like, oh, I feel like we're friends. Like you're a great time. Like the right person will come. And those type of moments, as hard as they are right before, it's like it puts in perspective, right. You're gonna be fine. Right. Have you figured out, like if I was to put all of your exes in a lineup, like do you have a type personality wise, looks wise? Like what are we working with

3 (44m 47s):
Personality wise? I love when someone can match my humor. Yep. I, I realized with my last boyfriend that humor's very important to me.

1 (44m 59s):
You're like, I was falling asleep at dinner Alex, let's put it that way.

3 (45m 3s):
And yeah, I just, I love humor. That'll get me, that'll get me real quick. Okay. Like what happened with some of my exes is that like, I would be so mad at them and they would know that humor's my weakness. So all they had to do was make me laugh. And then I'm like, we're so back.

1 (45m 20s):
You literally think you giggle us. You're like crying And. like we

3 (45m 23s):
Like so back. So I think humor's number one, I also realize like I want a guy, I realize that ego, like I'm older now too. And yeah, my last relationship, like real relationship I would say was like one of my first real adult relationships. Okay. and I don't, I can't deal with any sort of ego. It's tough. I felt like I wasn't being like supported. So that was like a thing. Like he didn't wanna listen to my music.

1 (45m 53s):
I'm

3 (45m 53s):
Sorry. 'cause I didn't know about his job.

1 (45m 56s):
Wait, hold on. So hold on.

3 (45m 59s):
Through therapy, I'm realizing that that's saying ego thing and I'm like, oh, we can't do

1 (46m 3s):
That. Hold on. First of all, even you just like you, you on TikTok and your acoustics. Like, I was literally talking to all the girls and every girl was like, okay, like I just like wish you would sing for like two seconds so I can hear her voice. She's, you just did it earlier. And I'm like, you have an insane voice. The perks of dating a fucking musician is being like, babe, sing for me. And you get to be like serenaded. Yeah. And he didn't wanna hear your fucking perfect voice.

3 (46m 27s):
No he didn't. Well there was like a time where, dude, yeah, I mean, I don't wanna get too into it, but Yeah. What sucks about therapy is that like when you get into therapy, you realize that the problems are deeper than you. Yeah. And it's like, then you just feel bad. So that's kind of, yeah, back to my type though. I think I need funny. Yeah. I, I easily get blinded by abs and height. I've done a lot of dumb shit for like six five.

1 (46m 54s):
I love that. I've seen on TikTok it's like you rank what's most important you like some girls are super into like the arms or the back or the eyes. The teeth. You're like,

3 (47m 2s):
Abs, abs. oh my God, I'm gonna fold, I'm gonna fold.

1 (47m 6s):
He you're literally in a fight. He cheated and he just like takes off his shirt and you're like, we're

3 (47m 10s):
Back. So yeah. Height too. But like I, I really, I think as far as like I'm not looking for a relationship, but if I was Yeah. To be looking for someone, I think they would have to be funny, supportive and I. Think those are like the main two. Well

1 (47m 28s):
I think that something that I can immediately tell because you're so successful and you're this like young, gorgeous woman is like, I can imagine you're gonna need to find a man that's so secure within himself because to have someone across from you and I've had it where like you're a successful woman that already is intimidating to people even if they're not dating you, right? Like people are going to like talk shit about you. They're gonna find a reason not to like you because like people get jealous. Right? Or they're intimidated, whatever the angle is. And so for a man to not be able to be like, that's my fucking girl, And like proud of you and instead like trying to make you feel insecure, And like push you down And like make you not feel like you're like thriving. That can get so fucking toxic and can really impact you.

3 (48m 10s):
Well that's how I felt. Anytime I would be like proud of myself, it was like he felt like he needed to humble me. And like yeah dude And like even so I got nominated for some A CM awards. Yeah, you did. and I, I texted him, this was when we were like broken up but still trying to make things work. 'cause like I said, I will be a dead horse till it's,

1 (48m 29s):
You're there till the end

3 (48m 30s):
Especially dead. And he was like, oh my God, that's so great. Congrats. And then I was like, oh my God, I have a crazy day at work. Like just immediately it immediately switching.

1 (48m 41s):
Yeah. Not like, oh my God babe, let me take you out for dinner. We're gonna toast. This is so fun. Yeah. Like let's celebrate tonight like

3 (48m 46s):
And I realize that that is gonna be important to me. But I also then with fucking therapy, it's like I do understand that it would be hard to date me. My personal life revolves around my work life. Yeah. Which is not for everyone. and I totally understand that. Yeah. Like every, anytime I get to hang out with you one-on-one because we're chilling is because my career is not in the way, which is almost never right. So I feel like that's why dating right now is just like really hard. 'cause I don't want to let up on my career. I feel like I'm all in in it right now and I'm so much enjoying it. and I told my therapist, I was like, am I being crazy? And she was like, you're 26, why would you not be all in in your career?

1 (49m 25s):
Dude, I was also gonna say like I remember feeling like I was never gonna find a guy that could like handle what I was doing. Right. and I was the same way. I'm like, I am literally not stopping. Like I have so much I wanna fucking do. I'm so motivated and I wanna push myself. And then I promise you it's once you just like get in that mindset, the right person will come along that like you're so good in what you're doing and you're so not willing to waver And. like have a couple months where you get swept off your feet and you're not focused. Right. That person will come in because no one else will be able to get in at one point because you're so locked in yourself and that's when you're gonna find someone that you're like, oh fuck.

1 (50m 5s):
Like there he is cheering me on. Yeah. And then he will probably have his own shit. I think it's important for people and it doesn't mean career like Right. Whatever fulfills someone, you have to have your own shit. Right. To feel confident in yourself to actually look at someone like you and be like, I am only happy for you. There's no jealousy, there's no like ego issue. Right. Where I'm feeling like I have to like trump you and that is when you're like, God bless, hold on. Therapy. When did you get into therapy?

3 (50m 30s):
I think about a year ago. Yeah. and I actually got into therapy because my producer, my producer is Christian Bush. He's half of Sugar Land. So, and he was someone that was like, you need to get a therapist. He kept saying that to me. I think I would come in with like crazy ass stories and he'd be like, you need a therapist. You're

1 (50m 47s):
Like great song, but let's

3 (50m 48s):
All go. I know like we're so happy. We love this song. You need therapy. And he kept saying it and I kept not doing it. And so he contacted my manager and was, they booked the appointment for me. So I basically forced me to go and I think that's the only way I was gonna go though. Interesting. and I really got into it as like maintenance because like I said, I lived like 22, 23 very normal years of my life. And to suddenly be, you know, shot up into the spotlight it that's why I needed therapy. 'cause I'm like, I didn't know how to handle, it's just like having everyone talk about you is like The most terrifying or was The most terrifying thing ever.

3 (51m 30s):
And yeah, I mean like all of the Tennessee Orange interviews were like my first interviews as an artist. So I was like scar that's, I haven't done like a proper podcast since like my career took off because of that. Okay. Because I was so terrified of interviews because I was like, that's all they wanted to talk about. and I get it. Of course, of course. But I was like terrified.

1 (51m 52s):
I think though and I appreciate you bringing that up because when someone, when this happens, anyone like whatever it is, when you get any type of like publicity or notoriety, I have a lot of empathy for people because it's like there's no playbook that someone hands you of like this is how to deal with it. And clearly there's no playbook because we've seen so many stars or comedians or musicians or personalities online like either flop or succeed. But everyone has a bumpy road at some point. Right? Because it's like navigating millions of people watching you And. like now everyone wants to know, like me asking like who you're dating and what you're doing like Right. That's odd but that's also what comes with it.

1 (52m 32s):
And so like I think you're doing an incredible job. Like I think you seem like you're super grounded. But I agree. I think like getting into therapy is important for me. Even I remember being like all these people are talking about me And. like whether it was people saying something that wasn't true about me or saying something that was true but like I wanted to defend myself or I didn't, I didn't know. Like it's endless and you kind of don't know how to handle it and you can do it any way you want. It's just a dance because most of the time it isn't gonna fully portray you as a whole human being. Right. It's like quick little things people see on the internet. Right. and I can imagine you're like, I have more to give than Tennessee Orange like I have. So, but that's all that people cared about in the moment. It probably felt to you, but it's like you're growing and you're changing and you're learning And like you've got in fucking incredible music.

1 (53m 18s):
So thanks.

3 (53m 19s):
Yeah. Like since then it's been better. But it was definitely like therapy was, I just think necessary too. 'cause I want to stay grounded. I want to like Yeah. Have check-ins and be like, we need to remain Yes. Sane and mentally healthy.

1 (53m 33s):
That's also though I think how people last in this industry. Like I have so many people that come into this house and I have had a lot of people that I'm like, oh, I'm shocked. Yeah, you're quite rude. And. like, I didn't expect that. Or I'm like, holy shit, you are one of the biggest stars and you're The most lovely person. Right? Like it goes a long way to like keep yourself in check and be like not an egomaniac. And. like how do your parents and your family feel about all of your success?

3 (54m 2s):
They just, I mean, freak out. I, I played a show in St. Augustine that was like at the time my biggest headlining show and after the show their jaws are just on the floor. My dad's like crying through the whole thing. They're just like, when did this happen? Like dude And they, they're just like, like their neighbor neighbors will come up to them like where they live in Savannah And. like they're like my, my mom's like, oh yeah, that's our daughter. Like just telling my whole life story. I'm like, oh God, maybe we should do some

1 (54m 29s):
Like mom PR training. Mom, shut up mom. Yeah, no

3 (54m 33s):
That's cute. But they're definitely like not used to it. Which I just feel like I'm still getting used to it too. But they're especially

1 (54m 39s):
Not used to it.

3 (54m 40s):
Like what the heck, even like on this, like my mom's like, tell Alex

1 (54m 43s):
I said hi. We need to tell it to selfie after this. We're gonna be like, hi mom, we're here. No, I think it's amazing. I think you're doing a great job. I think obviously with songwriters too, like when you are writing about your love life, it's going to open up questions for people and you are just gonna have to decide like how much you wanna share and how much You don't wanna share. Right. And that's like you're gonna figure it out. Yeah.

Beef and Dairy Network (55m 18s):
This episode is brought to you by Airy Daddy Gang. We all love getting comfy in our oversized sweats. If there's one thing you know about me, it is that. And that is one of the many reasons why all the love goes to Airy a brand that's been changing the fashion industry with a message of loving your real self since 2014. So get real with me for a minute. Okay. I understand. We see on social media everyone looking glamorous. I post things myself that I'm like, Ooh, I love this outfit. Here's the reality. 90% of the time I am in my sweats and most of the time that is when I'm happiest. Right. I love going to events occasionally, but most of the time I'm at the event. I'm like literally get me home. I wanna get in my sweats today my reel is being in my sweats and tomorrow my reel is being in my sweats. So how do you get real with airy click or tap on the banner to visit airy.com for inspo and new drops.

Disney Plus Hulu Max (56m 17s):
Introducing the ultimate bundle at an unbeatable price. The Disney plus Hulu Max bundle with iconic entertainment like Loki and Encanto on Disney Plus I will save the Magic FX is the Bear and the Kardashians on Hulu. I am a good time. Okay. And the last of us in House of the Dragon on Max, they are a protector of the road all available with the Disney plus Hulu Max bundle plans starting at 1699 a month. Terms of plot visit Disney plus hulu max bundle.com for details.

1 (56m 48s):
Okay. Do you typically make the first move or do you wait for the guy to

3 (56m 53s):
I wait for the guy

1 (56m 54s):
Love. Okay. You've never made the first move. I

3 (56m 57s):
Mean, I would say I have made the first move. I would say right now you gotta come to me, you gotta come. I'm way too busy.

1 (57m 3s):
I get it. You're like making effort.

3 (57m 4s):
I don't have time to like scour. I get it.

1 (57m 7s):
No, I get that. What is your, what is like an immediate turnoff for you?

3 (57m 10s):
What's your Snapchat?

1 (57m 15s):
Are people still fucking asking you that? They

3 (57m 17s):
Are. They are. And one guy asked me once, I said I don't have a Snapchat, he asked again and I was like,

1 (57m 25s):
Babe, I deactivated it when I was 16. Like leave me alone. No, I feel like you guys are so shady on Snapchat. That's like a warning flag also. I know

3 (57m 34s):
I was like, at what age do we stop? Do we

1 (57m 36s):
Stop now? Now 26 you stop. Yeah. Okay. What is your best and worst quality in a relationship?

3 (57m 44s):
Best quality. I would say I'm very loyal. Worst I can't cook. Like I'm pretty useless in that.

1 (57m 51s):
Okay Megan. That is like fucking fine. Like some bitches come on here and are like, oh God let me tell you. You're like I can't cook.

3 (57m 58s):
No, no, no. There's probably a worse one. Let me think.

1 (58m 0s):
No, it's okay If that's it. Hype yourself up. I'm like, yes bitch. Ordering a steak dinner, you're fine. Yeah. Okay.

3 (58m 7s):
That's fine. I mean I, I'm loyal. I think you, that's maybe a question for my ex-boyfriend,

1 (58m 11s):
We call them right now. What do you, hey, what do you think all your ex-boyfriends would say about you?

3 (58m 16s):
Most of my exes, like my proper boyfriends don't in on good terms they get blocked. My last one actually deleted his entire Instagram. What?

1 (58m 28s):
Why were people finding him?

3 (58m 29s):
I'm not sure. No, that's none of my business Why he did that.

1 (58m 33s):
No. Why does it end on such bad terms?

3 (58m 36s):
I think it's one of those things where we probably should let it go before it gets to that point. Yep. And then it gets to a point where we're just like, yep. This last time though, my last relationship I will say was like a very mature, like once we were on the phone and once it was over, I've never talked to him again. And that's just like is what it is. Like I, he had done something repe like over and over that I had asked him to just be more conscious of what he had a girl best friend. No. And okay, I get girl best friends from childhood because you probably hooked up in high school and it was really weird and you're like, we're never gonna do that again. Okay.

1 (59m 14s):
That's actually fair. Fair.

3 (59m 15s):
This was like two year best girl, best friend. No. And all I asked was if you're going to, if y'all, because I had felt weird, a little weird about it. Of course. and I was just like, whenever y'all are together just like send me a text, let me know. Because something had happened when I was in Australia where I was having to track him. It is like a long thing. So, so I took him back after that. Like I'm saying, I got better. I never got better. I'm such a simp Alex. I

1 (59m 38s):
Love story like call my therapist, call my father.

3 (59m 44s):
No, I'm literally lover girl. Simp like one thing about me, I'll give you 8,000 chances for you to show me that you're not the one I, but anyways, this had to do with the girl best friend. All I wanted to know. I somehow was like, it's fine because I did. I she's a nice girl, right? I just was like, can you please just let me know when y'all are together? Once I found out once again he did not let me know that they were together and so we were perfectly fine. Like we were doing better. He does that calls me and I was like, yeah this is like I can't do this anymore. I'm like right, because you're

1 (1h 0m 13s):
Becoming crazy.

3 (1h 0m 14s):
Yeah, I become crazy. I'm like, it happened when it started in Australia, I was like, I'm across the world right now. It's a different day and I'm tracking your ass. Like I don't have time for this. Yeah. Like I'm, I'm about to go perform for 25,000 people at this festival. And like I'm worried about your damn location.

1 (1h 0m 29s):
Oh the south is coming out. I love how the accent, the accent just goes up when you're like, let me fucking tell you. I know. Oh I'm on location. I'm obsessed. oh my God Megan. No let me just validate you. I'm sweating. No now I'm sweating for you. I also got chills though when you're like 25,000 people and I'm fucking tracking your ass. Like it puts it in perspective. Like these boys, these boys, I'm

3 (1h 0m 53s):
Literally just a

1 (1h 0m 53s):
Girl. No dude, that is fucked. And let me tell you what makes me mad is many things. What the fuck is wrong with you just being so chill and open being like just let me know when you're hanging out. Right? That's all you asked. You didn't say you, you're not being controlling like you are not allowed to hang out After the sixth time I would then be like right, I don't feel comfortable anymore but you're being so chill and open and he can't do you the decency. So then naturally any fucking human being, if you tell someone to just tell you when they're doing it and they don't, you are being shady. Right. So what's happening when you're hanging out that you don't want me to know And? like

3 (1h 1m 27s):
It may have never been shady. It doesn't matter. It's like you if you don't have the decency, I just asked you to do a very simple thing for me. The disrespect And like it would make And like because you already broke my trust with the Australia thing. If we could build this back, you could build it back by letting me know. But because you like and I feel like with therapy how I've grown in that way, obviously I gave him a million chances but once it was over I was like okay you don't care about me or my feelings And. like if I'm gonna date someone right now, you gotta be spectacular 'cause I'm so busy and this just isn't working. So it honestly ended amicably. Yeah. I don't know why you deleted Instagram.

1 (1h 2m 3s):
I was gonna say I love how you keep flip-flopping. You're like No we're friends, we're friends. You're like none of my ex and I are friends. You're like, I think I pretend that we're friends but why did I block him? He

3 (1h 2m 13s):
Instagram? No like yeah

1 (1h 2m 14s):
There was a fire over on that side of the country but it's

3 (1h 2m 17s):
Ing I'm insane I guess.

1 (1h 2m 18s):
No it's totally fine. You know what I think it's like you acknowledging all of this, it's like you are recognizing patterns and you're seeing it half the people that come in here sometimes I'm like wait, you realize that you're like completely aware of what you're doing and I think it's awesome that you're now like and I have a standard now because I'm working my ass off You're new album. I just have to say like it's so incredible to see you put something out that is like so personal. And also I feel like everyone, like I said, everyone can relate. I'm listening to these things like yes. oh my God, this has happened to me before. I appreciate it. What is the inspiration like when you sat down to even start conceptualizing this album? What was the inspiration?

3 (1h 2m 59s):
Literally in my personal life, like every single one of these songs is inspired by my real life. So it was like I write songs when I feel like I need to like when I feel like it's literally therapy for me. I don't know because music writing songs has saved my life over and over. Like I, 'cause I don't know what I would do with like those emotions. It's like once I can write it down then it's just a song. It's like, it's almost like it didn't even happen to me. You know what I mean? and I don't know if that's even a healthy way to look at it. No, but I

1 (1h 3m 27s):
Think it's, it's like you pour it all out and then you're like giving

3 (1h 3m 30s):
It the world. It's like okay well it can be done and now that can be used to like heal people. Yeah. And that is what it's my story but now it can also be other people's story and I think. But yeah for this album it's literally about my life. Same as all of my songs. I literally shout out to everyone who inspired the album. I love you so, so much.

1 (1h 3m 50s):
We also love you so, so much because it's fucking fire. Okay. The Daddy Gang is insane and I feel like a lot of times I'll ask people like either what is your favorite song or what is for you The most meaningful song and I know that's hard but then they're gonna go stream it. So what is The most in your opinion, like meaningful song to you on this album?

3 (1h 4m 11s):
Meaningful? I would say Heaven by noon. Heaven by noon? Yeah.

1 (1h 4m 15s):
Can you like tell us a little bit about that writing process?

3 (1h 4m 19s):
Yeah. So Heaven by Noon is a song about loss and grief and it's like the feeling of you're happy that they're not in pain anymore but you're, you selfishly wish that they were still with us. And that song was inspired by my uncle who got killed on nine 11. He worked at the World Trade Center and he worked on the hundred and first floor and that that song was kind of written with my aunt in mind and I just can't imagine, you know, having that happen to you and it happened to a family member and I know that music is very healing.

3 (1h 5m 2s):
So I'm happy that I wrote that song and I'm happy that it's out in the world. and I know I was only four years old when that happened. But the way it's affected my family like forever and Ev will always affect my family. I just had never written a song about loss and I think that it was important to write and yeah we all miss my uncle Dennis. So

1 (1h 5m 25s):
I mean that's so beautiful. I just got chills. 'cause I'm thinking about like everyone has that thing in their life and that person that they've lost and I feel like to have a song that you can turn on when you're like missing that person or you're like right sometimes like you want a good cry. Yeah. You know what I mean? And to be able to turn this on and be like thinking of that person and it's and I think that's what's so beautiful about songwriting. And like what you're doing is like everyone's gonna find their own angle in, but everyone's gonna find an angle in because like that is a, that is life, that is loss is life. You know what I mean? It's like everyone goes through it and everyone has their own experience with it. But like that is so powerful that you are someone that's now putting out a piece of work that like people in a beautiful way are gonna cry to and slowly heal from.

1 (1h 6m 12s):
I think that's like incredible. Thank you. It's amazing. You, it's literally amazing and

3 (1h 6m 16s):
I think like we wrote it in a very general way. Like obviously you would never know that that's what the song is about but that's why I wanted, I just feel like in all aspects of my life I turned to music and that's not something I'd written about yet. So amazing we decided to for this album,

1 (1h 6m 30s):
I feel like you just did such an incredible job and I feel like I'm happy I got to meet you because obviously seeing you online and your songs it like I we see so much of you but this I fucking love you. I'm like, I love

3 (1h 6m 43s):
You. Are

1 (1h 6m 43s):
You kidding? This was so much fun. Like

3 (1h 6m 45s):
College Megan would have a stroke dude.

1 (1h 6m 48s):
Literally like I But that's so cool to like know that in college you were like living a normal life and your whole life changed and now we're sitting here like I feel like people at home, this is like the story people fucking love. It's like literally anyone watching this right now, your life could change overnight and I think that's why like going after what you love and doing what you love. Like don't let anyone fucking make you feel small. Especially a little fucking dick that's like, I don't care about your fucking awards. Like well you should and if you don't buy bitch. Exactly.

3 (1h 7m 16s):
No little

1 (1h 7m 16s):
Dick

3 (1h 7m 17s):
Energy and I know I said this earlier, but like to even in college I know like Call, Her Daddy was, I was walking around campus being like, yeah block him. Wearing my unwell hat and just listening to like bizarre stories. But to see like the brand that you've built, it was like so inspiring and thank you. Yeah, you're incredible. Thank you so much.

1 (1h 7m 35s):
No, thank you. I I want last question to ask. That is actually weird though to think like we were kind of at that same point when you're we're all like saying block him and now growing together, like hearing you're in therapy being like, okay I need to change things up. Like that's what has also been so fun about this show is like yeah, growing with the audience and being like for sure we can be toxic as fuck and there is no one better at literally.

3 (1h 7m 59s):
And I personally think you have to be toxic in order to heal because if you're just healed, like

7 (1h 8m 3s):
Yes, what? That's right. Like what boring.

3 (1h 8m 7s):
There's a time place

1 (1h 8m 9s):
To be and Trust me the toxic will always like lightly be there, but it's not toxic. It's more just like a little bit of

3 (1h 8m 14s):
The crazy. And if you are being toxic, you're aware.

1 (1h 8m 17s):
Sometimes chef shout up to therapy. So sometimes Matt literally looks at me and is like, Alex, you're being like old. You stop it. I'm like, oh sorry, I just wanted to feel something for a minute. Like sometimes the crazy comes out, but it's controlled crazy. Agreed because of therapy. Okay, last question. For anyone who is getting to know you today and is becoming a bigger fan, what do you hope they take away from this interview and learn about you?

3 (1h 8m 41s):
I mean I hope it draws them to my music. Yeah. I think that on my album it feels just like living, I say it's like living as a 20 something year old, but it's also I feel like anyone could find something that they want or like and it's just about life. And so I feel like if you're a fan of mine, hopefully you get to know me better. I feel like it's hard. I try to let people get to know me, you know, on the internet and at my shows. But I feel like this is the first time I've like sat down after everything has happened. So I feel like this is, yeah, I hope everyone feels like they know me better and maybe they find a song they like.

1 (1h 9m 19s):
I feel like, I feel like I know you better. I love you even more and your personality is fucking amazing. And you said before we started like talking, you were like, I don't know if I like my voice. You look fucking amazing Voice. Shut up. It's so

3 (1h 9m 29s):
Annoying. No, I'm not gonna even be able to listen to this back. It's like nails on a chalkboard

1 (1h 9m 33s):
Trust me. You crushed it. Thank you so much for coming on. This was like an honor. I'm so happy we got to meet. and I, love you.