
Do you call him Daddy? Do I? Call Her Daddy Call. Her Daddy Daddy game. Can you hear me? Hello? It is the Alexandra Cooper and I am sitting with what I would consider the ultimate daddy. Yes. Yes. Bitch. I'm on the disco tree. You're not supposed to talk yet. Oh, sorry. No, it's fine. I just, my first podcast you can talk about. No, no, no, it's fine guys. Introducing Miley fucking Cyrus. Thank you for having me. Thank you for coming to my house. Thank you for sitting under the disco tree. I'm just feeling kind of like vibes right now. Oh, it's vibing. Well, To our right, Miley and I have penises. Two penises. Two penises. So Before you got here I ran into my living room One, I think everyone in my house got a little scared when I was like, oh, I have dildos.


I should put them on the table. They're like, inappropriate. Don't do that. But they're not quite dildos. They've never been used. No, no, no. For what? Listen, not by me. Anyway, this Is the Call Her Daddy podcast. It would be okay if people were like having sex behind us, like we live for anything sexual. This Is like, so this is good. The safer platform for me. That's why I'm not doing much press besides this. Okay, perfect. This is the only place that is probably appropriate. Right, Right, right. Because I'll take it too far and then you can like bring it down, which is like maybe a little different for you than normal. That's different. Yeah. Okay. We love this


This episode is brought to by Corona, the official CSA of La Vita Masina, AKA, the fine life. Corona brings chill, refreshing beach vibes to every occasion. So get yours today@ordercorona.com. Drink responsibly. Corona Extra beer imported by Crown Imports Chicago, Illinois.


This episode is brought to you by Botox cosmetic on a Baum toxin. A did you know Botox cosmetic has been FDA approved for over 20 years. But here's the cherry on top. Botox cosmetic has an official loyalty program called Alle that is spelled A LLE. It's totally free to join and it's accepted at over 24,000 practices across the country. With alle, you can earn points for Botox cosmetic treatments and get access to exclusive offers. There's even one going on right now to see if you're eligible for the offer and savings on your next Botox cosmetic treatment. You can visit botox cosmetic.com/c HD. Talk to your specialist to see if Botox cosmetic is right for you. For prescribing information and boxed warning, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0 intended for us audiences only.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. Daddy. Gang. There's so much good TV these days, but the good shows are on all different streaming platforms. Who needs that many subscriptions? Okay. I'm constantly like Matt, which show is it on? I forget which. Maybe you are someone who has signed up for billions of free trials so you can binge your shows. Trust me. I do it all the time. But then you forget to cancel before you are being charged. That is why you should have Experian on your side. Experian could cancel over 200 subscriptions in categories like streaming services, meal kits, entertainment apps, AND, MORE. You could save an average of $270 per year. Get saving today. Download the Experian app. Results will vary. Not all subscriptions. Eligible savings, not guaranteed. $270 a year. Average estimated savings with one plus cancellation. Paid membership with connected payments accounts required. See experian.com for details.


So the fucking song, let me tell you a little story. Okay. Okay. So I'm sitting in my hotel room and Kelly, the woman that's here with me in LA is like, I'm gonna play you Miley song. We're gonna get you to play Miley song. And I'm like, I have never in my life if you have told me that I was going to be listening to your song early release. I'm like, what? What is my life? I'm a fucking loser from Pennsylvania. Like what's happening? I listen to the song, I have an orgasm. No, I'm just kidding. Oh, I am like wet. Listening to your song Y'all. Miley Miley Midnight Sky. Yes. Tell us about it. It's iconic. I'm sorry, but like I'm getting excited for you. So Midnight Sky, I'm like very, very into, I mean, kind of throughout my career I've felt like I've been able to introduce my fans to music they may not know.


Like whether it's sitting in this backyard and covering Jolene for backyard sessions or that, or playing, like I have this really funny video that I love of playing smells like Teen Spirit. When I was on the Hannah Montana tour, And like all the kids were really upset about it and weren't digging it at all. And like they're Like, Miley, what are You thinking? Yeah, four random moms were kind of singing along. Also, I was yelling my libido while all these chil, it was like a whole thing. And so I felt like I always do these covers, but I wanted one of my own. I wanted a song that felt classic. I wanted a song that felt like it was from the era of which I usually pull my inspiration from, but like really not being afraid. Really being unapologetic. Yeah. About the tone, the sonics, the lyrics.


And as you and I were watching the video and we started talking about, I think it's really special how having this kind of like anthemic, you know, pansexual, bisexual anthem of this song that like plays with gender roles and it's like unapologetically sang in the chorus, like my lips on her mouth and then he's got his hands on my waist And. Like there's just not songs for people that can identify with like these lyrics. Yeah. And so I just thought that it was a a really it empowering thing for me and then for my listeners because I just felt like it was a song that felt really honest. And And then when you and I were watching the video and talking about like how the video kind of just like captured my spirit.


Yes. and I felt like that hasn't really happened, happened before. I felt the same way about the video. I felt like that was like me in my most authentic form. And so it just feels very, you like celebratory right now. I just feel that's what we were talking about, like how I feel like I'm really just thriving. Yes. That's that's She's Thrive guys. She's thriving, she's thriving, she's thriving. I, when I heard you like the lyric about like you kissing her on her mouth, I was like, fuck yes. Fuck yes Queen. Because so many people that listen to my podcast are fucking terrified about embracing who they are because you're fortunate that like I, I wanna talk to you a little bit about you like realizing your sexuality and I know that you're very open about like you love everything and you're not putting yourself in a box.


But some people don't live in LA or have parents that would be supportive and they're fucking terrified. and I feel like this song is just changing the game. 'cause it's like you're talking about a woman, you're talking about a man and it's normal and it's coming from Miley Cyrus. So you can fucking listen to it and you can kiss a woman and you can kiss a man and it's fucking fine. And I like the idea that you kind of say it's normal because I really think that normalization is like the first step to just feeling like fully that acceptance and I think like not just for it to feel normal from the outside, but feeling like comfortable to you and normal to you. And so yeah, it was just like definitely writing it in the studio. Even with you know, some of my like peers trying to kind of explain that to them why it was important.


Because they were like, isn't it kind of confusing, you know like the pop structure is that the chorus says the same thing every time, right? So it like gets burned into your brain. So when you're at a concert and people get wasted, they're never like, wait, what does she say there? You really wanna, there's like a formula, you know I think everyone, whether you make pop music or not know that there's like a pop formula and this really goes against that by having this like gender swap in lyrics because you know, in a way it's challenging, right? The system and challenging structure, which is what I always do. I, when I heard I was born to run, I don't belong to anyone. I was like, goodnight, goodbye hello, welcome to Caller Daddy. That's literally like the everything I try to tell anyone that listens to this podcast, I'm like, you belong to yourself and you can do whatever the fuck you want and you don't have to apologize for anything.


And that lyric, I'm like, oh my God Miley. Like you fucking hid it. And I was kind of thinking about that today. Like even getting ready because like before you got here I had on my hoodie And like I had on my sweat sweatshirt. You're like, oh my God, I'm a hoodie queen I had on my fucking leggings and Now she has her tits out Now I got my, exactly. That was my next step. What Made, what made you change? Okay so you were coming here and I. I was sitting like in my kitchen doing all my, I was kind of thinking about like what I would wanna say. 'cause like I usually don't have this freedom just to like really talk. That's one thing that I'm learning that I do dig about podcasts is like you can really actually say whatever get into it. Yeah. And sometimes like I do feel like on shows you've got such a quick amount of time And like you're so censored that I don't always get out out my full thought.


So to my full thought is I was sitting in my leggings, my sweatshirt And like really working and, and then knowing you were coming here, I went And like got ready and I, I did my makeup in like 15 minutes, got everything done in 15 minutes and I realized like something that I thought would be important to say was that I wasn't getting dressed for you and I wasn't getting dressed for like someone to think that I look sexy, I was getting dressed. For me that's so and I think that's something that's different now that I'm a little bit older. That changed. Like I think maybe that happened like through my last breakup. I feel like maybe since I've like 26, only in the last year have I felt like I always am doing what I want for me because I don't think that there's been a period which like I know isn't The most relatable thing to say, but there hasn't really been a period for me where I felt like super insecure with my sexuality.


Like I've just been that way. Like I used to strip naked completely naked in a Cracker Barrel when I was age of three And like roll around on the ground. So thats like, oh my God, we love that. That's just like who I am. Wait, We love that. And America loved it when you did it more on like tv. These Are all that. Oh yeah, they loved that. They love that. So I was thinking about like I guess in the last year has been really transformative and we were talking about on the couch before we started, just about like how I felt like this self-realization period. Yeah. That's going on kind of universally and culturally. I kind of started having that like over the past two years through a little bit of trauma, right? Like physical, like my house burning down was like fuck. Basically one of The most transformative periods of my life and I can't even imagine.


And going through a massive breakup and I just feel like one thing that I gained through all the loss is an idea that what I do is for me. And that doesn't mean that you're selfish And that comes from like a lot of the guilt that you and I were talking about before we started this podcast also about like how much guilt that I feel like I've always had. Yeah. About feeling like I know how fortunate I am. Yeah. and I don't really feel comfortable with that. I don't feel comfortable with my privilege and I think the only way through it has been through a little bit of trauma. and I just wanna say first of all, that's like The most beautiful thing because like honestly coming to your house, I had no fucking clue what to expect.


I'm like, I'm about to meet Miley Cyrus. Like of course I watched Tana Montana, are you fucking kidding me? I made embarrassing music videos pretending to be you when I was younger. And then now as the Call Her Daddy host, I'm so excited to meet the woman that is so sexually liberated and is like an icon for our generation. and I had no idea like, and I was fully prepared to walk in and be like, hi, like Kayla, sit down. Like let's have a conversation. You are like so normal and, and yet you're so not normal but you're normal. and I you think that you sang like you've been through trauma and you're finally for the first time in your life, like really like I'm gonna do everything for myself. That is so fucking beautiful. Because that kind of shows me, no matter how famous you are or whoever is listening in like Nebraska, everyone has to have that one period in their life where they're like, fuck am I doing this for a guy, a girl?


Am I doing this for someone else other than me? And then you gotta find a fucking way, whether it's through trauma yet fucking sucks then. But don't you kind of feel like, oh my God it's oh fuck it was meant to be. Because look where I am now. I'm so thankful that all that happened. Yeah. Now I think, I don't know why that popped into my brain when I was like getting ready, but like I was putting on my little kitten heel and I was like, yeah you look amazing. I was putting on my shit and I'm like, it's honestly for me, yeah And, like I have a lot of guilt just in my, I just have since I was little Like don don't know, things have been very easy for me. Yeah. Like I've always been, if I've tried something once, I could do it right. and I know that's not the same for everybody and I don't know why it's that way for me. And so I had a lot of, I had a really hard time accepting that.


and I don't like for things to be easy. I like to work hard. Right. So I'm one of those people that if I couldn't do it first time, I do it a hundred times until I could. But I've never really had to Had to do that. The only time that I have really had that experience of just trying to do something that wasn't meant for me or not gonna work is in relationships that, that's so crazy. And. like I think I had a big fear of of being alone because I'm always surrounded by people. Yeah. So like my idea of what's it like to be surrounded by people, it's not surrounded by friends. Like 15 people. Right? It's like 15,000 people. Right. And so the idea of how drastic it goes from being full to being empty is just like really dramatic.


And so there was just like a lot of fear, a lot of guilt. But yes, I love Therapy. That's kind of, yeah. But that, and we love, we were literally talking before the podcast we're like, so I was like, are you in therapy? I'm like, who asks you that? But I'm like, I love therapy. Do you like therapy? It's the Fucking best. I was like, I fucking love it. It's the best You. I think that's really beautiful though, that you have enough like self-reflection to be like what am I not having success in? And it is relationships and I can't help but be like Miley. Like you literally have been so famous since you were how young and then like to find, it's almost like you're now getting to be like, okay, what do I wanna do with my life? Because you went for so fucking long performing in front of so many people, pleasing so many people.


And now it's like, wait, what do what makes you happy? That's, that's actually a really interesting perspective 'cause I never really thought about it that way. and I guess that is kind of, maybe I'm at the age where that would be like getting outta college starting your first, I mean most people will be starting their lives now. Yeah. and I feel like I'm kind of in that like midlife success. Yeah. Place And like, or even like beyond the finish line. And there's actually something kind of about, I've read about a lot of athletes that have, it's called Winners Blues. Oh fucking. And it's when you felt too much of like the dopamine and success. Yes. And the rush that that crash is just so harsh.


Trust me, me and athletes on this podcast we talk about all the time, it's kind of a joke. But like I like to hook up with athletes. Yes. and I always say their life is so hard because it kind of ends at like 30, 40 their career. And then it's like what do You do? And it can happen the same thing, especially for like females and pop right music. There's so much like ageism and sexism. Yeah. That I think it's just, you know, you get feeling like, I just think it's a really good perspective to say, oh my life is kind of starting now and I'm at a point where I get to decide what do I want to do with it. And that's what you would be doing if you had been spending years in college or spending years as an intern or lower on the kind of like ranking of your job. Right. That now you're at a place where you're like 27, 28, 29, 30.


Where you gonna go, okay. Like what am I gonna do with all the skills Right. That I've collected. Well Can I ask you, because like listen everyone, I think it was The most iconic moment when like you were Hannah Montana and I know probably for a while you were like, I don't even wanna hear that fucking name for a minute. 'cause like kindly shut the fuck up. My name is Miley Cyrus you, I mean the Bangers era when all of a sudden it was like you took everything to the fucking max and you were like, this is my clit nipple and we're ready to roll. Everybody watched me twerk everywhere. And it was iconic but it was almost like you were trying to break away from the Disney thing. And what do you, when you look back on the era, what do, like, what does it make you feel? Well what's so weird about that is also that was for me, right?


And like just like getting, I guess that's the full circle of my story that I was trying to get to was basically, I mean I was wondering why I wanted to tell you that, but I guess that is why, because it's so relevant in my career, right? Like I never thought, I really, really don't care what anyone else is really doing with their life as long as they're being like a good person. Yeah. And to me, I just still can't believe that people care so much about what I'm doing. But in the times where I want them to, like when I'm rallying people to fight injustices or trying to normalize like my L-G-B-T-Q community that I'm proud to be a part of when it comes to that, I'm happy that I have the attention that I do and it's not something that you get to turn on and off.


It doesn't come with a switch. Totally. And so I am really happy that people are so interested and intrigued by me and my choices and my life. 'cause that means that I really do have a loud, you know, platform. Yeah. You have a voice. But I definitely think that that VMAs 2013 era was, was kind of an, an awakening and I guess I'm just going through round two right now. Yeah. But, but it was like the first one was like, I mean obviously when did you realize like, oh I'm not, I'm not just attracted to men. Like how young were you? I was attracted to girls way before I ever was attracted to guys. Okay. When I was like 11 years old, I used to think that like Min Mouse was super fucking hot. And like, oh wait, that is just specific.


I thought mini, which is so good. I ended up on Disney so my chances with Min went up by like a hundred. Oh my God. You're like, Minnie, you me. Let's fuck. Yeah. She was super hot to me. I always thought that the female characters in movies were way hotter than any of the guys. Oh yeah. That actually never really understood what these girls were doing with these like idiots. Like a lot of The time you're what? That penis is disgusting. Come this way. So yeah. So that was kind of it. And then like, yeah, when I was like 11 or 12, my friends were starting to kind of like tell me what they were doing with guys and I didn't really understand it. So I've got most of my girlfriends to hook up with me. That Is such An amazing movie. The first time I ever hooked up with anyone was with the girl was a girl, two of them. And did you go past first base? Yeah. Oh, Miley's like of course.


oh my God. Absolutely. Okay. And then when did you hook up with a guy I hooked up with? Well I didn't go all the way with the dude I was 16. It Wasn't Nick Jonas And it wasn't Nick Jonas, but I ended up marrying the guy. Oh my God. So that's pretty crazy. So that's the first guy you hooked up with? Yeah. Which I lied and said that he wasn't the first so I didn't seem like a loser. Okay. But now you're telling the truth. It's such more of a full circle story. It's so fucking weird. 'cause I couldn't think, I couldn't think of a of anyone. He was like, oh, who have you had sex with? and I couldn't think of anyone. So I just like made somebody up. Right. That I knew. But we had never actually had sex before. Right. And then like his friend ended up marrying him and so then it was like, oh, now my friend is marrying someone you hooked up with. So then when I was like 24, I had to say that I lied when I was 16.


You're like, so that was a full blown lie. Yeah. You're actually My friend. It was a lie that I held onto for like 10 years. Wow. Yeah. And then once you're kind of stuck in a lie, like you're kind of fucked. Oh yeah. Then I was like no reason to like dig all bones up. Like, But then you're like, hey, this is directly affecting our lives. So I'll tell you. Yeah. Yeah. That was so weird. It directly affected my life. You're Like, how the fuck did this happen? It's so random. You're like, I picked Random's. Why? I think that everything's pre-programmed in This world. It it's supposed to happen. Like what's meant to be will be.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. Daddy. Gang. There's so much good TV these days, but the good shows are on all different streaming platforms. Who needs that many subscriptions? Okay. I'm constantly like Matt, which show is it on? I forget which. Maybe you are someone who has signed up for billions of free trials so you can binge your shows. Trust me. I do it all the time. But then you forget to cancel before you are being charged. That is why you should have Experian on your side. Experian could cancel over 200 subscriptions in categories like streaming services, meal kits, entertainment apps, AND, MORE. You could save an average of $270 per year. Get saving today. Download the Experian app. Results will vary. Not all subscriptions. Eligible savings, not guaranteed. $270 a year. Average estimated savings with one plus cancellation. Paid membership with connected payments accounts required. See experian.com for details.


This episode is brought to you by the farmer's dog, Daddy Gang. We all love our dogs and we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to get them healthy and happy. That is where a farmer's dog comes in. They make healthy food that has all nutrients. Dogs need the farmer's dog food is simple. It's fresh meat and vegetables, lightly cooked, but it can have such a big impact on your dog. Recipes are developed by veterinary nutritionists and they're made to the same safety and quality standards as our food. And unlike kibble, which comes with vague serving suggestions, the farmer's dog food is delivered in packs, portioned just for your dog. They make it easy to help your pup maintain their ideal weight, which is one of the biggest predictors of a longer, healthier life. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it is always the right time to invest in their health. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/ Daddy. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/ Daddy to get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/ Daddy.


Do you have like a type, I know like you, you're attracted to people's souls like you're attracted to, but do you have, like who are you in a relationship? I'm so interested. No. Are you hyper crazy? And do you like a calm person? Oh my God, I actually do kind of need, I usually end up complaining that they're boring, but that's what I need. I Need need boring Me too. I'm realizing I need like more calm. Very calm. They have to be calm. I mean you're fucking mile. Sorry. Calm. You need like a confident guy. Yes. But he can't be the same level as you Like of like screaming And. like Yelling him. No, I definitely, definitely need like a calming, I need an anchor, I need a weight. But when I was thinking about this yesterday and knowing we're gonna have this conversation, I was thinking about someone has to bring more to the table than their plate.


They can't just be like, fill me up all the fucking time. Yeah. and I think that's kind of, that's a big part of my life is filling people back up and that can make me go below zero. Yeah. Below E. And so it's really important that I feel fulfilled and yeah. I they, they have to bring something to the table. Do you think it's like hard because of how mega successful you are? Like how the fuck are you? Like how would you ever date a normal person? You can't, so like, like well I think that's what ended up making like female relationships make more sense to me. Yeah. Because like the role that I was in made more sense. Oh that's interesting. Because it was like, well there's not gonna be this weird thing that like I pay for everything and I whatever.


And then I was like, but that's just like a stereotype too. Like if I'm gonna be with a girl, like I'm totally down to be with like a boss bitch that's like as successful or more successful to me that's cool too. But I felt like the women that ended up being around it, like the role fit easier for me because like even in my relationship with men a lot of the times, like I kind of hold a more dominant Right. You're, you have the power, you wear the pants a little more Dominant space So well how could you not? So it felt like that made it less uncomfortable. Yeah. And then it felt like I was choosing partners out of anxiety. Which is like so much to do with like my therapy journey too. Because I don't wanna choose who I'm gonna be with out of like anxiety, fear. Yeah. Not fear alone.


Fear or stereotype. 'cause that's like not anything that I represent or believe in Right. Is like this stereotype. So it's like I need to find a guy that's confident enough in himself that he's okay. That I am kind of who you are masculine and strong and just like, there's a lot of qualities to me that tend to like associate more with the male role, not just Bullshit. Yeah. I, I I, yeah, I agree. I think it's kind of beautiful that you've been like, and so I'm I'm okay right now being like yeah it works better with a woman. And if I can find a man that can be accepting of that, great. But for right now for you the female relationship is working better. Yeah. Like it just made a lot more sense like at a time and then like what's, what's funny about that too is like, I guess, I don't know, I guess I've just have been very experimental.


Like I've been with a lot of different kinds of like dudes and chicks. Like I've been with like super femme girls. Yeah. Girls that kind of make me feel more femme. Like I just really don't have a type. The main thing for me is that someone has to bring something that is elevating my life. Yeah. And. like that's in all my relationships, not just my sexual relationships. Totally. Yeah. You need people that are gonna be just like as powerful in a room. It doesn't have doesn't, they don't have to be as successful. They don't have to have more money. But you don't wanna feel like you're like dragging this person and giving this person and you're not getting filled up. I hate that. That's awful. Do you know what your Love Languages are? I do. I Don't You love like finding up people's Love.


Languages. Okay. Wait, tell me. So My love language kind of makes me sound like an asshole but it's not. It is acts of service. Oh wait, I thought Thought your gif is more assholes. Yeah. Gifts are crazy. You're Like bitch gimme a Chanel now. I hate gifts. Okay. Me too. I really don't like Gifts. Cringe. Right? Yeah. That's so embarrassing. I don't know what to do with my face. I don't know what to answer. I hate gifts but I like acts of service. Oh I love that. Because I would say that on the giving and the receiving end. Yeah. Like if someone that I'm with tells me like my closet's driving me crazy, it's totally unorganized by the time they're home the next day I've already dealt with it. Oh I'm like that. I really love to do things for people. Or if someone says that anything like I'll, I, I remember I one boyfriend I had like, I think he thought it was really weird that I made him, I made him a bong for his birthday.


oh my God. How sweet and I like handmade this like bong. And then I thought he thought it was kind of weird but it's like I would rather someone make something for me. And like that to me is like an act of service. Like I took time. Wait, this Is so fascinating also talking to you about this because just based off of everything we're talking about, you're talking about the way you give love like and then there's two ways you, how the fuck Miley, here we go. How do you receive love? So receiving, I also really, really like you. Like when People for Like Service. Okay. Even though I feel like an asshole, I do like when people do things for me. And then my other one is There's physical touch words of affirmation, quality time. I like quality time. Quality Time. Quality time is my other one. Yeah. But quality, emphasis on quality.


Like not just time. Right. I don't want you just like to fill the space. Right. Right, right. I want you to bring something to the fucking table. Absolutely. And that is what I like really demand now as like I'm getting older. Yeah. I allowed so many people to just come And like Bullshit your time. Their toxic fucking breath to my air. Disgust. Disgusting. Disgusting. And like suck out the life of my spaces. And. like I'm just over that. Yeah. I was gonna ask you like how I think a lot of people look, I always talk about it 'cause it's like I love to talk about sex but I also like to talk about like everyone has been through shitty relationships. Everyone's been through Heartbreak, And. like is there a little like tip you can give anyone listening to like getting through any Heartbreak?


We've all been through relationships that we break up. Like have you found your, Okay. So I had a very, very public of Course very Like big breakup that was over a 10 year span of a relationship and sitting with me now I would hope you find me to be somewhat this way. Which is not the public perception is I'm very logical. Oh I'm very organized. You are And like very kind of center. Yeah. And so I love lists. Lists. Keep my whole fucking world on track. My world would be wrecked if I didn't make lists. That's brilliant. Every day I have a list of what do I want? How am I gonna achieve it? What's the next step? And so with Heartbreak I tried to not get lost in the emotion. Smart. Not, and I also don't like that with women too.


It's like well you're a cold bitch. It's like Right. No, no I Have the world is gonna keep turning. It's like, it's like a death when you lose a love that deep straight. Like it feels like a death. It's honestly sometimes that even feels easier because it's more You can like put it to bed and move on. You know that person's still walking around. I know. Like that takes five. It's like the person still walking on the earth. Yeah. And choosing every day. 'cause it's a choice. Right. Death isn't a choice. Right. And this is a choice. So to not get lost in emotion, to focus on the logics is to make a list of what you were gaining and what you were losing. Yeah. What they were contributing to your life and what they were subtracting. And to value each of these things by one through 10.


So like Fuck Miley hasn't figured the the fuck Out. And then you add them all up and if the person was adding more to your life then you know what is expected for your next relationship. Wow. And what they were subtracting, you know what you will not accept ever again. And so you look at these two things and you go, this is what I, okay so one of the things that are really important to me in a relationship. Yes. Other than active service. I like, besides active service, I like people taking care of themselves. I think the way someone treats themselves is a reflection of the way that they'll treat you. So true. So I'm like super into like clean eating. I'm into people taking care of themselves. I knew that the place to meet my next partner was not gonna be at like a fucking Burger King. No. If clean eating right And self maintenance is gonna be important.


I know to look in communities where those people are gonna gather. I now no longer look at like any sort of AA meetings because Right. I myself have I, I don't really want to help someone on their journey of addiction. Right. You're helping Much. 'cause I need to take care of my own self. Right. Right. But I do, you know, You don't like as someone that's living a sober lifestyle, don't go to the club looking for your next partner. Right. You Know, so put yourself in places where you'll be successful so you don't get stuck on, I'm just always wasting my time. Right. With all these people. It's like you can really control the kind of people that are gonna like flow in and outta your life straight up and you can create a filtration system. So I have filtered my life of what I will accept and what I will not.


I'm sorry but like you just sounded so like you have it fucking figured out and I know you don't but like I wish. No, but that shit right there that helps. I'm like, did everyone, is everyone listening? Write that fucking down. I'm about to go back and listen to That. That helps with every single thing. And. like even people in your life. So you look at the people that like matter The most to you. Yeah. Like my mom matters The most to me of anyone. So I write down her qualities Oh. Of what I love about her and I try to find people like that because one day I may not have my mom on this earth and I wanna have people that like keep her spirit alive through them. Right. and I do think that there's little, there's little sparks of like, we're all kind of one and we've all just divided into these our own little sources of energy.


And like our own little souls. But we're all kind of like one in a way. Right. I think. And so I think that I could find little pieces of her and other people Dude that is like so fucking beautiful. So I hope Wait you're like fucking mature as shit. My Lead. I'm not in real life coming With the facts. I'm not in real life. I still love dicks and all the things. But I think that the idea right. That that Like don don't know. I just think that there's a level of there's a level of logic to everything. Yeah. And not getting lost on emotion. No, that is, that's pretty brilliant. And wait, so are you not smoking weed anymore? I'm not smoking weed anymore. Okay. I'm gonna It's okay. In the spirit of like being called her Daddy. Yeah. I always say like, okay, I think it's high sex is the best sex.


Drunk sex is a fucking like it. It's fun. Sometimes it gets sweat though. It's just like Kate and it's like little I can't with sweat like s it. I haven't all disgust. So high sex can be the best sex obviously. And obviously if you were like smoking all the time, you were having high sex and now that you're not like how are you doing? Okay. I'm doing great. Okay, great. Like here's the thing. Here's the thing about this, which is really funny because like my, I, I'm gonna wait for this to go away 'cause this is gonna get juicy Airplanes and the nuts. I'm telling you I live at fucking bourbon. Fuck. It's really not. It's not right. Yeah. We gotta move. We gotta move. We Gotta get outta here. Yeah. Miley like, kind of like lives like right at the airport. At the airport. It gives me anxiety. Okay. Okay.


But what were we gonna talk about? We were gonna say we have high sex. Oh, high sex. Of course. Yes. So my identity is much, my identity is related to sex in a much deeper way than my sexuality is. If that makes any sense. Oh. So like, so my identity and who I am as a person is very sexual. Right. And who I am as a sexual person is again, maybe I'm like a selfish psycho. Oh yeah. But like sex is really like about me in my mind. Of course. Yeah. But everything's about me in my mind apparently. Well yeah. I won't know but everything is about Miley. But like we can give ourself an orgasm. So like, But I just feel like I lemme think about this.


Let's think about my sex life. I get turned on by again. Like what people are like contributing to my life. Right. And as of right now, having someone that's also sober, like a partner is like very sexual to me. 'cause it's very like present and very there. Right. But I think it's really funny how my identity is so wrapped up in sexuality when my sexuality actually just has a lot to do with like my identity and who I am as a person. Okay. Does that make any fucking sense? Are you guys with us? I, you lost me a little. It's just weird. Like Hold on's weird. I just think people think of me as a hypersexual being right? Like You're having sex all the time. 24 7 And. like you sit on the dildo in front of my Eye, which I would.


But like I enjoy sexuality more than I enjoy sex. That's a better way to say it. Okay. There we go. And I'm much more into sexuality than sex. Like I, but I also don't really fuck with foreplay because I just am too busy. Oh wait, Really? I don't fuck with foreplay. As everyone will tell you. Even in my business, I do not like to tease things. I like to not say shit and then fucking go for it and scare the shit outta you. oh my God. So that's my thing. I like, I, I have a lot fucking going on. I don't really have time to like sit around and flick my pussy. I really wanna get the shit done and fucking get back to editing. I'm, Wait, so what are we doing like throwing lube on there? Hurry are, we're Going in lube and Hurry. Oh. Like hurry, hurry. If I'm in the mood, we're good. Right, right, right. I don't really need lube to be Honest with you. Okay. So like if you're in the mood, stick it right in.


Just hurry. Hurry. I'm kind of like hurry fast, hurry and make it good. Oh. But I'm not like a, I'm not like an old like oh I don't really wanna have sex. Right. I go through seasons where like I think I can have sex with women longer than I can with men. Really? But maybe it's because you just get in there and it's like kind of done. Right. and I think women are much more attractive. I don't really wanna stare at a dick For a longer period time. Yeah. Get that thing outta my fucking, You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So like I could definitely have foreplay longer with a girl than I could with a guy. Wow. I Don't really wanna look at a penis for any longer than I have to. I think that's why I want it to go inside so it gets out my face. I don't want it in my face dude. No. I always say to girls like, I like dicks as an aesthetic. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Put them sparkles Don't like. Exactly. Yeah. I always tell girls that are like, fuck is it weird as shit?


Like I'm not a lesbian but I watch girl on girl porn. I'm like, girls Are way harder Because you don't wanna see a fucking dick in your face. We know this, we know This. I know. I don't want that. But I, everyone I think can agree that from ancient times that dick's make wonderful sculpture Beautiful. But more than that I am not as interested. They're a little scary Sometimes. I like dick's as art pieces. Yeah. And sculptural. I love the shape. I think it like really looks good. Such good as table. It's good if we can just get in and go away. Right. Because I don't want to iron me off. Oh that's such a, that's How I truly feel. That honestly is so brilliant. I feel Good about saying that. You're like and listen to that. And I'll say it a fucking Again. Everyone knows that tits are prettier than balls.


Everybody knows this. Sorry Queen. Yes. It's Fucking true. Wait, can I ask You, that's why it's all about me 'cause I'm secretly just looking at my own body. Right. You're like I'm so fucking hot. Exactly. Your dick is ugly. But look at this pussy. Exactly. And that's why it's almost hotter hooking up with Girls. My is for me. That's what I'm saying. Yes. It's all because you get turned On. I don't give a fuck on your show. You're allowed to say it's all about me. It's all about me. It's like I want to look down and see me in my thing that makes me feel hot. Absolutely. You should just masturbate in front of like a mural. I have some Chanel underwear that are actually not even hot for like a guide. They're kind of like granny. Right. But they're so fashion and I'm so obsessed with them. And So you wear them for you. So I wear them for me and it's like that's Ama. Can I ask you? 'cause I think so many fucking women like are so terrified of their like, is my vagina ugly?


Like I feel like my labia lips aren't as cute. Or like my CLTs big or like whatever. And I'm like, no you have to own your fucking pussy. You just gotta become friends with yourself. And like best big yourself. Love it. and I also just think that there's like, if you're starting to feel bad about your vagina, just google dicks and you'll start feeling okay Wait this is actually like kind of facts. Yeah. Like look at that shrive little thing. Especially when it's done. It's like, oh look at him. Little baby carrot. No, I know. We're not like I, I just like, I'm just like not, that's just not my thing. Yeah. And how did like if, if you've hooked up with men, can they tell that you're daughter? That I'm not into them? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that, I think that I wouldn't be doing it if I wasn't into it.


True. So in the moment, yeah, I'm feeling it. But later Are you not giving blowjobs Later? I like if the guy I've given the blowjob recently. Okay. But it wasn't as much fun as I thought it was gonna be. It honestly just took too long. You're like that off. I'm fucking busy. I actually say every day. Like I don't really wanna do morning sex even though I used to really like to. Yeah. I don't really do it because I've got like you guys do when I'm thinking about the editors in New York. Yeah. And, like I'm a little bit worried about them. Like, you know you saw the video that like so dope making sure the bubble gum looks glossy And. like that's more important. It is more important. It is. and I just don't have time to sit around And like play with my vagina. Right, right, right. I need it to all be on my schedule. And you don't have time then if you don't have that, then don't have time to get second Day.


I'm an asshole because men, if they say the same thing, they're a boss. They're running their business. Like that would be. What about the men that, like these are not all men's, I'm not generalizing, but what about men that like work on their kids' birthdays? My dad had to work on my birthday. If you are a woman and you're like, listen, I don't have time to give you a blowjob 'cause I wanna work, you're an asshole. But if you don't show up to your child's birthday party. Right. 'cause you gotta get your business done. You're a boss. Yeah. That's That's fucked up. That is fucked up. That's fucked up. I'm glad you're like so open about this shit. 'cause I feel like there are so many fucking girls that are like, yeah, like I just like twirl on that dick And. like I'm just like wild And like 20. I don't on, I don't twirl period. and I definitely don't twirl on that dick. I do. You're like, I don't do handstand. I'm Not a twirler.


Wait, okay. Can I ask you what your favorite position is then? My favorite thing is Lauren Conrad's video of CEO. Wait, What? So someone says, what's your favorite position? And she goes, CEO. What the fuck Is that? So she's the the she she's the head boss. She's the CEO. Oh, okay. Yeah. Boss. That's My favorite. You Wanna what is look at me like not getting No, that's Like if I, not if you're bent over a desk, if you're sitting at the desk with your hands on the keyboard. Oh, writing an email to someone that didn't do what the fuck they were supposed to and you're making sure that they know that that's what happened. Wait, That's kind of Hot. That's my favorite position. Okay. That's fair. Okay. I kind of like love that you answered with that and I hate that. I was like, huh, this is an interesting question. Ooh. Yeah. This is fun. Now, now after you like thinking about like you, okay, so you like hook up with girls.


So if you had to pick for the rest of your life, I'm scared you have to pick either getting eaten out or fingered and you can't get the other one. Which one are you getting? I'd rather finger myself. Okay. That's We, I like, I'm obsessed with me. Wait, wait. I really am. Everyone else means if, if you're gonna get eaten out, someone else is gonna be in the room. And like Right. You're gonna feel uncomfortable. I like when Megan the stallion says, stop licking my pussy hard. That shit's aggravating. Like that's really aggravating. Yeah. Oh no. Well 'cause I think it's, it's hard 'cause it's like, I feel like there's not as many people that know how to eat pussy. But it fingering is so underrated and it can be so amazing. Okay, so you're going With finger. I'm just like into me. I'm going with fingering but with myself. Your Yourself. Yes. Honestly that is The. most Daddy fucking Say My tongue is saying but not that long.


But honestly like maybe you could kind and I could remove a rib maybe. Do you have any favorite sex toys that you can like give advice for the daddy yang to get? Okay, so here's my advice for you. Which recently got given to me and I thought it was highly valuable. Oh, so I thought I would pass it down. Okay. Generations to generations love. So one of my main gays was over at my house helping me pick lighting for above my bed. We were like, are we gonna go to the chandelier? Are we gonna go with something modern? What are we gonna go with? And he is like, well you gotta go with the flush mount. and I'm like, what the fuck's a flush mount? And he's like, you gotta make sure it's like really tight to the ceiling because you don't want, when you stand up to hit your head on the light fixture or like try to grab onto it for fun and then pull it out of the wall and then it come crashing down and part of the chandelier go through your partner's sternum.


Now you're a murderer. And you like thought, I'm Sorry what? It got so deep. But I was like, apparently he's like speaking from like, I'm guessing from experience trauma Or experience, experience. He's like, this has happened to me, don't Try it. So he stands up on my bed. Luckily he's six foot two. So I did go with the chandelier, but I don't think that's gonna be a problem. Okay, Great. So he was telling me that for future reference to always be really, I see that this is about a lo, this is about logic. I'm all about logic. There she goes. So for particular, you gotta be very particular about lighting above your bed because it's one step away from being a murderer. That's the advice that I was given. Wait, That is really interesting. So he said that the chandelier was like, if you grab onto it, if it comes outta the wall and you pick one of the ones that are like classic like chandelier style, that it can come down and go crashing through the person's sternum.


And that seems like a nightmare trying to explain Miley. If I'm gonna kill someone, it's definitely not gonna be with to chandelier. So wait, even though that's kind of chic, Is anyone following where when I said what's a good sex toy? You want, you Said advice you. Oh wait. So that was advice, my advice for You. Okay. So I feel like everyone listening is like, okay, don't put the chandelier above the Yeah, don't put the chandelier just 'cause You don't wanna kill someone. Honestly, I Would. And you don't wanna hit your head. That's embarrassing. And also I feel like, like the whole murder thing, I'm just like not down. Even move. I'm even weird. I'm already weird about getting embarrassed. Like I get embarrassed really, really easy, really weird. Why? and I get like red. It will stick. Like if I get like, What would you get embarrassed about? Like in the bedroom? I just don't really ever want like, like If you like accidentally creep Crazy sounds. Oh yeah. Crazy sounds. Dude, that's the Fucking worst.


You Can't falling. I like, I'm always scared that I'm gonna like roll. I have fall. When you fall off a bed mids sex and there's nothing and you try to like, no, let's keep it going. And it's like, I don't do falls, like falls freak me out. I've really only fallen, knock on wood, this is probably gonna happen to me soon. A handful of times in my life. And this is, I'm not trying to do it. And Do you just stop, you can't continue sex. I'll continue and try to make it a, a shtick because that's like, That's it. But in your head you're like Hate's the like, kind of like physical comedy in me to like be like, that was on purpose. It's like a Charlie Chaplin kind of move. But no, You're like, but no I'm actually not enjoying this now. I just like, I would not want anything really embarrassing to happen. I I, I actually Jill's told with the chandelier seems really embarrassing. I feel like that's the ultimate, that's the ultimate. It's Not even American. It's also, but, But I think he was good advice and I was wondering why I didn't think about it before.


No, I actually like, I I think 'cause a lot of people don't put shade Lighting over there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There was a light already when I moved. That's a rich bitch. Bitch problem. But it was down towards the end, which I thought was okay. Okay. Yeah. And then he was saying no because what if you go the other way? Like it's just That's a rich you person problem. This, Listen, this was apparently like a six foot four gay guy problem. I don't think I'm ever gonna get close enough to a light. But I did think it was good advice. Okay, so everybody listening guys, chandeliers, no fucking goat, no fucking goat Or just anything that could like You. Don't wanna be You, don't You don't wanna mix. Interior and sex. No, that's Interior designs. That's really great advice. I honestly have never thought about that specific situation and I'll always keep that in mind. See Now when you walk into a hotel room and there's a fucking light above the bed, you're gonna think about me on a scream and you're gonna be like, no, cap the light.


We're okay. Cap the light. We're done. Yeah. Okay. What about, do you use sex toys or just your fingers? I like sex toys. Most of my sex toys I use as, see I, I'm, I'm very contradictory. I was just saying don't involve sex and interior design, but I do like sex toys as interior design. Okay. So a lot of the time I'll buy a dildo And like more than about its operation. I'll, this is from, you Want it to look cute. This is from Pleasure Chest. So this is actually like real, but I don't really wanna get in there with it because I love the way that it looks on my Deal ball. Wait. Yeah guys, it's literally like a blue sparkly dick and it's honestly, It's so cute. It's really cute. It's Really, really Cute. It's really cute. So I'm really into dildos for interior design and I buy them for myself, but I end up using them for interior design. So like you're like, I'll probably use that one day and then you end up just putting it out in like your family room.


Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Do you like vibrators? I like vibrators but I really just dislike mostly aesthetic and I feel like I'm like pretty good with like dealing with myself. Wait, that's pretty great. Yeah. And how do you, like, when do you think you got super, like you said you've always been confident, but do you think you've always been like super confident sexually within yourself? I've gone through a lot of seasons. Yeah. Like I feel like it's very reflective of where I am. And if you talk to me in a year, which we should. Yeah. We should talk again when I'm not busy. Yeah. 'cause when I'm not busy my sex drive is totally different. Really. and I think that's something like it Goes up Also with women. I, when I'm working it goes down. 'cause I'm like so in my zone of working you stressed that.


You're kind of like I don't have time for that one. I did read an amazing book about kind of like adrenals and your hormones and I have low cholesterol and when you have low cholesterol it affects your sex drive. And when I'm like working, I don't eat as regularly, then my cholesterol gets low. Your cholesterol controls all the hormones in your body. So when you get low blood sugar, low cholesterol, not eating like snacks and things like that. Yeah. By the end of the night, if I'm hungry, I'm definitely not horny. We, That's why I never even knew that. That's really good information. You've Got to check your cholesterol. So people, guys cholesterol. But like it really logical dude that's really smart because like I feel like there are so many girls like why am I like never horny And like check your cholesterol. Apparently you have to Miley says check your cholesterol.


It creates all your hormones and it'll change your life. Sometimes I will like, okay, what is fucked up is if I will eat like something like crazy. Like I'm like fuck this. I've been working all day. I am ordering like a shit ton of Mexican food. Yeah. Then all of a sudden I get horny. I'm like horrible timing. Like I was looking so hot all day long and I and you're doing getting bloated as fuck. But then I get it's my cholesterol goes up. Oh and My blood sugar and then you're like, I'm gonna go poop. I can't have sex right now. I don't go hot Sometimes you just gotta knock it all out. Yeah. Sometimes you gotta do it all. Wow. Okay wait, this is kind of like a really interesting question that like is kind of turning but like how many times have you been in love?


This episode is brought to you by Brooke Linen. My bedroom is my sanctuary. My bedroom is my happy place. And when I get into bed at night with my clean sheets, I truly have never been happier in my life. It's my happy place. Brooklinen really offers great value and they help you save. Check out the hardcore bundles that come with everything. You have a fitted sheet, flat sheet duvet color, and four pillowcases. Start, end and dot your summer days with the reviving comfort of Brooklinen. Visit in store or online@brooklinen.com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. And get 15% off your first order


This episode is brought to you by eBay. You know real when you get it right Daddy Gang. It'll say eBay authenticity guaranteed. And you'll feel it. So look for the blue check mark next to that thing you love. And be confident that every inch stitch soul and logo is checked by experts with eBay Authenticity guaranteed. You can trust that feeling of real is always in reach. So ensure your next purchase is the real deal. Visit ebay.com for terms, tap the banner to learn more.


This is kind of like a really interesting question that like is kind of turning, but like how many times have you been in love? How many times have I been in love? I've been in love three times. Three. I've been in love three times. Wow. But I've been in love more than in love with anyone else one time. Wow. And then I think that kind of sticks around. Yeah. But I've been in love. I've been in love with I would say one person who is a girl that I still think about And like dream about all the time. Wow. But you just know that something just doesn't fit. That's fascinating. and I think that's something that I learned a lot in therapy too. Like you just can't try to fit this this fucking square into a circle because you start driving yourself to a place where like trying to make something that is physically impossible work.


Yeah. Will drive you insane. That Is like so fucking mature of you to say that. 'cause I think that sometimes when there's love it's really hard to walk away from something even that if it's not working. But the fact that you can sit here and be like, I'm in love. Like I love that Person. I also don't believe in want you love me. They're fucked up. I don't believe in want you love. Fuck that. Fuck no. 'cause there are qualities that people bring to your life. Totally. That one person never will again. Or one like Totally. They're just, I don't believe in want. You love The fact that your answer to if you wanna get eaten out or fingered and you said I wanna get fingered, but I also wanna do it by fucking self. Yeah. Miley fucking Cyrus. If You dude, that's your Daddy Gang, you know? Yeah. This is the way it rolls. If you want something done right, do it yourself. You do it the fuck yourself. Did you Guys fucking hear that? Period? That's what I'm saying. That's the fucking tea. You're gonna have to like give notes.


Yeah. And give feedback and get The fuck. I Also don't wanna like give someone a pound on the back after. It's honestly not that hard and It's not that hard. And also I could probably do it better. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Wow. I just can't reach. Wait. Okay, so your new song, Sex and Interior Design Go actually really hand in hand. I Love how how you keep saying interior design. Here's The thing about it. I love interior design. Here's the thing about it. My only problem with not being able to do interior design by myself is a lot of the times I can't reach, oh otherwise I could do it all myself. You're Kind of like the woman that does it all. So you're like, just get a fucking ladder. Just get a ladder. Like if you could get a ladder then you would do it. I'm freak about ladders. I'm scared of heights. Why? I'm just scared of heights. I hate flying. Wait, can I Ask You, I have people asked to move, like people won't sit by me on the plane. Wait, Really? Swear To God. Wait, why? This one woman was sober and started drinking beers ferociously because I was screaming that we're not getting enough speed and so she ordered a beer.


We're not getting enough speed sir. We never Do you ever feel like you are? Don't you hate when you get up in the air then all of a sudden it feels like they go and I can feel like, I'm like, I don't Wait. Do you fly commercial? Yeah. And I hate Flying. Wait, how does that go? Apparently not so well. 'cause I'm like boycotted by. Well I've actually what? Yeah, there I was on a no fly list for a second and I'll show you. 'cause everyone assumed I was just gonna bring in drugs. Wait, What? But then I fixed it. What? I could only go into work basically. So yeah the, the flying gets a little sketch because I get searched like extra Crazy. I think that's literally the completely opposite of what I thought. Oh no. You're like Yeah it's hard 'cause people come up to me, you're like I can't 'cause they think I'm bringing drugs. They didn't assume that I'm bringing drugs.


They don't assume that I'm Wait, what? And but you can flag kind of like, like people don't come up to you like too crazy. Like attack You. Some people bug me. I actually like people not treating me special. Yeah. So I had a guy on a queen on Delta the other day that treated me like shit. and I loved him For Wait you're like I'm horny. Yes. I so I'll actually fuck you. So Wow. He was like mad at me 'cause I was watching my HGTV too loud. Oh. and I could never hear him when he was asking me things and he was annoyed. and I loved him. He was mean to Bradley too. He was mean to you. Wait, That's kind of what he wasn't want him over. You're like I fucking, but this queen on Delta was so fucking mean to me. and I like wanted to give him the biggest hug for it but he did not wanna a hug from me. But you're like, I love you. He's like Bitch what are you talking about? I hate you.


Yeah. He did not like me. Like me. Wow. But I loved him. Okay, So you're afraid of Heights. I hate when people are like treat people special Me too. I'd rather like, yeah. I definitely treat the people that are like the lowest on the call sheet. The best. Better than I would at the the top. I have so much respect for you saying That because so many people already fucking do that for the people at the top. You don't need me to jerk you off everyone else. Is It Boom and I? Think it's also refreshing. 'cause like you are so like, I mean sitting here with you, I'm like I you're so normal that it, The tree's getting gorged by The way. I know it. Creating like a tree. Wait do we So hot in these cameras right now? Yes. This is the tea. Miley's tits are popping. We're ready. This is the Tea. Can you just, just 'cause it's like my childhood and I'm thinking about, sorry I just pulled this.


Do you now feel like you're in a place where like you can accept Hannah Montana and you look back and you enjoy it? 'cause honestly your throwbacks are fucking everything. I'm obsessed with it. Wait. Right. They taught me how to glue my fucking wig down. Wait. Yeah. The extensions. I was already so ready for this world. Yeah, no. Literally. No. They prepared me in a way that you cannot pay money for. Yeah. No, actually my wig was snatched at like age 11. What were you doing bitch? You were literally in it. Everyone wanted your hair. I love that. There's this video of me and I'm probably like 12 and I'm going through my fucking tour bus and I have a shirt that says, just got off the catwalk and I'm talking about how it's my favorite. And then I turn around and I'm like, and that's my wig. And I'm like, what 11-year-old do you know that has, Hey guys, That's My wig.


Real hair lays front sitting on a mannequin head with just like it. No one was. It was A dream. It was a dream life. That is kind of why It seemed like a nightmare when I wanted to escape it. But that's just being 18. Like yeah, you wanna escape who you are, even if it was just someone from you know. Well and sometimes you just need a little bit of distance to then like appreciate it. And obviously during bangers and stuff you're like Stop calling me fucking Hannah Montana. That's In the same way in relationships too. Like yeah, at first when I got outta my long time relationship and it didn't work and that was really like traumatizing Also, now I'm in a place where I just look at it and love it And. like respect it. And it just is such an amazing time in my life. All the relationship that I had for 10 years was an amazing time in my life.


And the relationship that I had, like with myself as Hannah And, like all that, that was a great time in my life. And. like, I loved working with my dad every day. At the time I didn't know how lucky I was. Right. Like so all the times in my life, even the ones that have been really fucking in my mind, not the best. Right. Somehow they just added up to like, I love who I am so much right now. Yeah. That if any of those things wouldn't have happened, I'm not sure that I would be the same person. So I'm just super stoked. Dude, That is so fucking beautiful. Miley. And I'm so happy for you. Honestly. Like when you were showing me your music video, I was like, you look really happy and you're so proud of what you're doing. And. like you can tell, I mean the fucking song guys go listen to the fucking song because my guy, it's like, it looks, the song a d it is so fucking good.


The Song is, the song is, I felt like a bridge that was like really missing through my narrative. Yeah. For my fans and for the public. And I'm just so happy that I was able to build it my fucking self. So dope fucking water under the motherfucking bridge. Let me move on. 'cause also, I mean another thing that I guess is really relevant for your show is that I feel like as a woman I was villainized for moving on. Yeah. That's fascinating. And I really think that that's not acceptable. Yeah. At the time I had posted, you know, George Clooney and Brad Pitt and all these guys like Johnny Depp who have gone through women and they're known as like players And amazing. Exactly.


Or they're like glamorized and it's like, oh they're so hot and they're amazing. And everyone's Knew that. And the one thing is like, I would've much rather the public, you know, like I guess Like why are you not a boss? Boss Villainize me because of my sexuality, but they tried to make me seem like I was disloyal. Yeah. Which is like so against my fucking character. You attacked my fucking character. Yeah. And my character is everything that is my foundation. That's like what I thrive on. Even being on your show. Like I'm not someone that'll sit here and be like, I'm just sitting around like watching porn and I'm so sexual. And I'm like, I'm like, I know who I'm talking to. I know what the show is, but that's not me. Like it my art And, like me taking care of my dogs and me taking care of my business. Like that's my fucking priority. And. like I'm not gonna act like I'm something that I'm not or I'm more sexual than I am.


'cause that's always just like, that's like for your entertainment and not for me. And for me. Like I'm much more into building my business right now. I'm not that into building up my relationship. Yeah. I'm, Yeah. That's so empowering. Just Also like anything you would be considered a boss. Yeah. For putting their business first and The woman's second And like it's so fucked up. And. like you, I love that. Like when I go through my neighborhood too that like I bought my fucking house. Yeah. I bought my fucking car And. like I am not shaming any woman that does not like, yes. Live your fucking life. Do your thing. I just know that that wasn't my mom's story. Yeah. That wasn't my grandma's story. So I'm like a first generation. You're doing it. You're a boss.


Boss. And my mom actually at 55-year-old just bought her own car and she started crying. She's like, your dad has always bought my car for me. My, her dad bought her car for her. My mom at 55 just bought her own fucking car. How? Like how amazing is it? She fucking Loves it. It when I, I just like got my like first like nice apartment in New York and I'm like, it is The most satisfying thing. 'cause I've been in a relationship with a guy that bought everything for me. And like working my ass off for a show. And like being able to buy my own shit. I'm like, that feels better than I would rather rent a fucking closet for somebody and pay for it than live in like your fucking mansions. Right. I'm just so stoked. Like when I come home it's like I get to choose what fucking color the couch is. Yeah. and I can't choose. So I picked all fucking three colors And that's what I want bitch.


And that's what I want. Yeah. And so that just feels really good And. like, so at this time, like for me, I'm just like super secure in who I am and I just don't feel like I, I feel like I've like acted enough in my life and That's me. And you're like, this is me. And that's too exhausting to be working all the time. But luckily I've never really had to do that. And I've never felt like an actress. The only time that I felt like I was ever acting in my personal life is in relationships that were no longer working for me. Yeah. So I just encourage people to be logical. Don't get a totally, don't drown an emotion. Make your fucking list. Look at what someone is contributing and what someone's subtracting to your life. Yeah. And then make an executive decision. And if You're not fucking happy, get out.


If you're not happy, get the fuck out. Miley Cyrus you. I just wanna also like last comment too about what you just said. 'cause I think that is The most empowering female statement of you being like, how the fuck was I villainized for moving on too fast? Dude, everybody go fuck yourselves. That's Like a really big part of this song. Yeah. Okay. and I just feel like the video and controlling my fucking narrative. Yeah. It's unfair that someone taking a photo from a helicopter is allowed to control my narrative, but it feels below me to at that time engage Right. In public opinion. And it's Just, so that would be, how do you like deal with that?


It's infuriating. I've gotten a lot of control. That's why in the, that's why in the song it says I can't bite the devil on my tongue. Oh. That's what that means. So it's like, I'm gonna say this now. Got it. It's about like, you know, some people have like the devil and angel on the shoulder. The devil lives on my tongue. So usually I just lash out. Yeah. And say the first thing that fucking comes to mind. But it's never benefited me. Right. And because when you think about it, and I've like now allowed life to do its magic and I've understood its purpose and that was just a bridge for me to get outta my situation. And. like that woman made me really happy at the time. Right. And that was like the way that I dealt with it. And there's not a hand handbook as much as I can give you advice, there's no handbook of how to deal with Heartbreak.


It's all very like, yeah. Everyone's an individual and will handle it in their own way. And so I felt like this song is like for the kind of looking at my life as a, as my personal life or people looking at my career, I felt like there was a gap between the public perception and the truth. and I just think it's really fucked up that women are villainized for moving on. Dude, it is Miley. I'm so happy you're saying that because I think, like, I remember seeing that, but you articulating it in that way, it, it just sheds so much light on like how fucked It's really fucked up. And Then you have to sit here and try not to say anything because you're trying to be above like, like you said the helicopters above. But it's like at what point do you speak up and I guess what you're saying right now is through my fucking music and Also just by like, by engaging Yeah.


In that pettiness one, it, it isn't good enough for me. Yeah. Like that's kind of the thing about having sands like Yeah. and I like sitting here as a fucking female saying that's not good enough for me. Yeah. I won't engage in that. That's below me. Yeah. That is not a problem to say that. I think it's really fucked up that women have been made to feel like you're not allowed to say this is for me. Right. That's below me. This is what's acceptable. Right. It's Like, oh, you're being a bitch. You, I'm being a fucking boss that's Fuck yourself unacceptable to fucking calm And like put yourself in my life and then put me on the cross for it. Like that's fucked up. You totally villainized me for that. But let me clap back at you when I can articulate it properly and poetically and put it in my song and then you can stream my clap back.


Bitches. Go listen to the song. It's so fucking good. I'm so happy for you that you are putting something out right now that you're like, oh that's me. This is, this Is it And? like people are gonna fucking love it. It's My Debbie Harry dream love. Oh my God. So right now when this episode is out, guys, Miley's song is out. That's freaking me. That Is so wild. Yeah. It's freaking me. I can't believe you're fucking here. I'm here and you're putting out this song. The music video is amazing. She looks so fucking hot. Thank you. I was like trying not to like freak out on your Halloween please Guys. Literally she has like seven different looks. How many looks I have? 5, 6 5. Five Looks Five. Every single one. Halloween looks. Yes. It's, And I'm gonna do every single one body shoot is like makes you feel a type of way.


Oh, it made me feel a type of way. Little Sex you guys. Yeah. So Go listen. You even trash the tights. That's a good thing. By the end of the video video they're all like ripped. Which I thought was super hot too And like And Then it looks good after her party It works. Exactly. It fucking works. Exactly. So Midnight Sky. Yep. Out now. Yes. Go watch the video. Yes. Listen to it 19 million times. Yeah. Tweet us. Tell us you liked the episode. Yeah, we love you guys. Miley Cyrus, Thanks for coming over. Thank you. This was really fun. This was really fun. I really like talking about this kind of shit. I loved having you on the show. I had so much fucking fun. You are officially a part of the daddy fucking gang. Thank you. Daddy Gang. It is your father. I, I don't even, I don't even know what to say right now.


Let's all just take a minute. That was such a fucking cool experience. I hope you guys enjoyed Miley. I think after the episode we talked a little bit more and she was just saying how she wants to come back on in a, oh fuck. She wants to come back on in a downtime because like you kind of heard her talking about she has seasons. Seasons. Oh when she's super horny and seasons when she's working and right now she's working and then we can get her when she's in her horny mode and we can really hear what she's up to. Just like giving you guys my perspective, hi to the Daddy Gang. Like that woman is so fucking real and so cool and I was so honored to just be able to like chill with her and go to her house and sit with her and talk with her like I just did.


And the only reason that was possible was because of everyone fucking listening to this podcast. I wouldn't have been able to meet her and to interview her and to get that episode out if it wasn't for the Daddy Gang. I just wanted to have like a little moment of appreciation for you guys. I'm very aware that I am where I am today because of you guys. So thank you so fucking much for supporting this show. Not trying to get sappy with it, but I have to for a minute also. This is not the end. Now that you guys are finished this episode, I have more guys. I vlogged while I was at Miley's house. I've logged my entire experience when I found out we were getting Miley on the show. You guys will see me in the hotel room finding out we've logged the entire experience.


So if you guys want go to my YouTube channel and you guys can watch that. It's really dope. It's a lot of behind the scenes shit that I know sometimes on podcasts you're like, wait, I wanna watch it. Well you can. So go to my YouTube channel, it's Alexandra Cooper. And then also it will just be linked on all of my social medias and for swipe up. So that's just Alexandra Cooper for my Instagram. And then also Call Her Daddy. We'll have the link as well. So I hope you guys enjoyed this. Next week I'm gonna do a solo episode and I think I wanna just catch up with you guys. I feel like I had an amazing trip in la. I met so many amazing people, but I kind of wanna just have like a week with the daddy Gang where we can just chill and I wanna update you guys on my life.


I wanna talk to you guys. I've been reading a lot of dms. I definitely miss a little question, like I missed it a little. I miss you guys. So that's what I'm just, I just wanna vibe a little next week. Go back to like OG Call Her Daddy. But I hope you guys fucking loved this. I love you fucking guys. I had so much fucking fun. I'm so excited. And finally, oh my God. As much as I loved putting out this episode, I'm not gonna lie, I'm a little fucking excited to get back on track and to say I will see you fuckers next Wednesday.