
This podcast is brought to you by Hulu. Hey everybody. Hulu has a bunch of new standup specials that are not just funny, they're hilarious, very funny, Hulu. Anyway, they're launching new exclusive standup specials from awesome comedians like Jim Gavigan, Alon Glazer, Roy Wood, Jr. Bill Burr, and tons more. A new special drops every month and they've got a huge library of standup specials to check out. Go to Hulu and get your standup fixed. Now.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by IXL. Do you want to set your child up for success? IXL Learning is an online learning program for kids that covers math, language arts, science, and social studies. IXL is used in 96 of the top 100 school districts in the US make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Call Her Daddy. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today@ixl.com slash Call Her Daddy. That's visit IX l.com/ Call Her Daddy to get The most efficient learning program out there at the best price.


This episode is brought to you by Lie by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper With Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Millie. Bobby Brown. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. I cannot. I'm so excited. You look so major right now. Thank you. Tell me about this outfit. Okay, so this is Florence, my males, this is my company. This is a T-shirt. These pants belong to Pamela Anderson. You're lying. I'm not lying. She gave me these pants for the press tour and they fit and they, and I, I just couldn't really even believe that she, yeah, she gave them to me.


We Did. She just like randomly reach out and be like, No. So the whole, like the whole film Electric State is based in, in the nineties. So I was like, okay, everything I want, everything I really wear in this press tour to be nineties archive. So I was like, who are the, like the major blondes in the nineties? Like, and I was like, okay, hammy. So I, we found it like I had a mutual with her. Apparently they say you're five degrees from every, you know that thing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was like, I must know someone who knows her ended up getting in touch with her and she was like, oh, let me just look in my closet and I'll pull some stuff for you. And she pulled me a whole rack of clothes that were just like unbelievable.


Like these dresses were, they're timeless. They're, they were ridiculous. And these pants were a part of it. And I was like, Call Her Daddy, Without a doubt. Call Her Daddy. The fact that you're wearing Pam Anderson pants and you look like this today. I'm like, it's gonna be a good fucking morning. It's Gonna be a great morning. I think this is the earliest I've ever done an interview on Call Her Daddy. Really? Everyone's always like, Ooh, can we do it late night? Like, I think Megan Fox and I did it at legit 10 o'clock at night. So you're Like, do you feel like you do better in the morning or at night? Like, do you feel like you I don't know. You let me know. Okay. Okay. You know, like, and I'm not try, like I listen to every episode. Stop. I love you. Like Jake, Jake, my husband. We, I'm on the drive and Jake's like, put the next episode on Chelsea.


So I just recently listened to the Chelsea LER one. I was in bed and my husband's like, what are you doing? I was crying in fits like you trying to keep a straight face while she's telling The most absurd stories. I loved that episode so much. Thank You. She is like one of one, I feel like she's like my older sister. Yeah. When I sit down with her. Yeah. And it's crazy because I don't know if you've ever had this moment, but like in your career, but like, I looked up to Chelsea so much. Yeah. I watched her on late night. Like she, when I was like sitting in my house in Pennsylvania wanting to make it like she was the person that I looked up to. So to now be like friends with her, I'm like, oh, what is life? Yeah. Like have you ever met a celebrity where you're like, I can't believe I'm, I guess you're Pam Anderson moment is Probably, yeah.


I mean, yeah. I, I mean hopefully one day we can actually be like real, real friends. Like that would be epic. I don't know. I think I feel that way, I guess. Gosh, that's really, that's really tough. I'm friends with Ray, who is like The most iconic singer of all time and she, I sometimes think like, wow, like I can't believe I'm friends with her. Like, right. She's just such a cool, yeah, she's such a cool girl. And Tom Cruise, but that's So casual, so casual. Well like, yeah, he's just like, he's like epic. 'cause I love stunts. I love doing my own stunt. So he's like a huge, huge inspiration to me because he does of course all his own stunts of course.


So for me, like he is like, I love, I love kind of being the girl. I love it. The girl version. Just so Casual. Your life.


Yeah. Call Her Daddy is brought to you by a dormy. Feeling sexy is supposed to be fun Daddy Gang. And that is why a Dormy makes fun flirty and playful lingerie bras and more that are all about what gets you excited. A Dormy offers extended sizing across a wide variety of thoughtfully designed styles. They drop a new seasonal collection each month. So there's always new styles to check out, whether you're looking for everyday bra and panty sets, lingerie, corsets, supportive swimwear, PJ's or activewear, they have it all for me. When it comes to the bra and underwear I'm wearing every single day, I need it to feel comfortable, but I also want it to feel a little sexy. So when I'm getting up, I'm feeling good. I'm putting something on that makes me feel good about myself. And a dormy has just that. With the set starting as low as $19 and 95 cents, you can feel sexy even if you're on a budget. New customers can get bra and panty sets for as low as $19 and 95 cents. So this is a sign to order yourself a new bra or maybe even some crotchless panties. Head to a dormy.com now to shop more than just lingerie in over 67 sizes,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by SoFi, the next gen finance app where you can bank, borrow and invest all in one place. Daddy Gang. Here's the thing, managing your finances is so, so, so important. And Sofi can help. When I think about myself, when I was living in New York, when I got outta college, all these things, even now it's like I am actively trying to figure out am I managing my money correctly? And I think a lot of times none of us went to college for this. Or maybe we weren't taught it or you did, but you just feel like you need that extra help. Sofi just launched Sofi Plus, which is America's most rewarding financial membership, all in one app. With SoFi Plus, you can unlock over $1,000 in value across banking, investing, spending, and more from unlocking the highest a PY on bank savings to unlimited one-on-one sessions with SoFi's Wealth financial planners. Sofi Plus adds up Daddy Gang, take care of your money. Make some money. Okay. To celebrate Sofi is giving away a total of $600,000 to help six winners achieve America's top ambitions from buying a home to fast tracking retirement. So are you ready Daddy Gang? Sign up for Sofi plus at Sofi dot com slash Call Her Daddy by May 14th to be entered for a chance to win. And for every friend you refer, you earn an additional entry just $10 a month or at no cost with direct deposit.


Can you talk to me about how you ended up living on a farm in Georgia? Like what? This is not giving Farm girl. This is Not No, no, no. This is not, this is definitely not my day to day. Okay. I moved to Atlanta to film Stranger Things. Okay. And then that was like 10, that was 10 years ago. So then we filmed Stranger Things there and my parents didn't want me to stay or live in la. They didn't wanna live in la They really wanted to kind of shelter me from the society out here just 'cause it can be overwhelming for child actors. So they kept me in Georgia and then I lived with them up until I was 18. But then at that point I had like two dogs in my room and a rabbit and they were like, no more animals.


And I was like, that's gonna be a problem. So I ended up moving, I bought a house right next to them. So I have a house next to them in London and a house next to them in Georgia. So I live across the street, but I do live, I live on a farm next to them. Okay. Take me through how many animals you now have that you're like, goodbye parents. Hello. My own farm. How many animals? And can you name them all? Yes. Yes, I have. So I have 25 farm animals, so that's like the goats, Cardi B slick, Rick Eminem, I have Frank, I have Betty, like they're all named. So the donkeys are like, be names the cows, Barnaby, Bessie. So they're all just like that. I do kind of think like, what name do I, and then I, I've realized I've named them all after names.


I actually really like for kids' names. Like, so it's like I am like Winnie, like my dog, Winnie. I love that name for a kid. Like I wish I, but I cannot because Winnie's truly ruined the name. She's a psycho dog. She's the best dog ever. But you know, when you have the dog that's just like emotionally dependent on you. Yes. I'm like, I can't now name my child that I have Winnie. These are my dogs. So now I have 10 dogs. What? So 25 animals that live outside. Then I have 10 dogs that live inside four cats. And then I have 23 dogs that live outside, but in a, in a sanctuary, in a, in a rescue building. So beautiful. That's outside my, my house that I built to save stray dogs. How many of these animals are sleeping in bed with you at night?


Okay, so it actually became a problem. It was on electric state where Jake said like, no more like mill. Like it's becoming, it was, it's becoming a real issue. We were like in the car and he was like, I can't anymore. And I was like, This Is actually an argument we're gonna have right now. Because I was like, I love having all of my dogs in bed with me, but when he's away I have all the dogs in bed with me. Yeah, yeah. But sort of party. But we've now it's only Winnie. Like it is only Winnie in bed and I'm Yeah. Livid about it. But here we're, I'm picturing Jake leaving on a trip and you like whistle and they all run into Your room. Yeah. The Rottweiler, the great d they're all in there. You have a great Dane. I have a great Dane Barbie, which I named her Barbie before Barbie was a thing. And everybody was like, oh my God, it's such a cute name.


And I was like, I hopped on that train a lot. A lot. Yeah. I was very, I love that name so much. But I have to say Barbie to Americans 'cause they go Barbie. And I'm like, no, it's Barbie. And then they're like, Barbie. And I'm like, Barbie. Oh, it's The most annoying thing ever. So yeah, no, I have, oh my gosh, an abundance of animals. I'm Obsessed that you have a great Dane. Yeah. Like, you like so little and then you just have this dog. Yeah. That's ginormous. I see people online are saying that you're in your trad wife era. What is your take on that? I I I get it. Like I understand like why they would say that because like I am, I am actually like, I have chickens.


I get the eggs. Like I, I know what it looks like from afar except I could not be, and I did get married young. Like, it, it, it's all, it's all really veering in that direction except like I am like, you know, I am a really, like, you know, I don't know, I, I love my job. I love being untraditional and unconventional in so many ways of my life, but I don't think like, yeah, like me just being, I just think I am, I love being on a farm and Jake does too. So like that would then make him a trad husband. I don't know. Yeah. Oh, I love that for Jake. You know, like, I dunno what that Means. I wanna just say also I was thinking about it like, I, I think it also depends on where you're at in your life.


Like I was cooking on Sunday. Yeah. I cooked for my husband. I was like, I am a tra wife through and through. Yeah. Because I never cook. So I also think it's like that Word I cook every night. You cook every night? I cook every night. Yeah. This is the problem. I know. Oh, you're full tra wife. I cook every night. I love cooking. Like cooking is like, that's where I find like I can put all my anxiety into cooking and I'm re I'm really good. Like, What is your go-to dish? What does Jake like give it to me now. He loves, I make steak fruits, I make paella, I make, I make roast dinner, which is like an English, like, like Thanksgiving dinner. But I make that every Sunday. Yeah. Like I I, I do take my cooking very seriously.


I make, we do like a, like a taco Tuesday night. We do, I make the, every Sunday I make what the next week looks like. She's meal prepping. She's Meal Prepping people. The only thing I do not, I cannot, I hate going grocery shopping. Like I always say Jake Fair. Like that is something I really, I call. Yeah, That's fair. Yeah. Okay, I wanna get to know you a little better today. Okay. So I'm gonna ask you some questions and you're just going to answer first thing that comes to your mind and then we can discuss. Alright. If you could be cast into any reality TV show, which would you choose The secret Lives of Multiple Lives? No, I just finished that. I'm, I'm Obsessed. I cannot with that show Picturing you that is I know.


I just feel like, yeah, no, that show is epic. I just finished love. Are you a love island? Girly? I Am so love Island through and through. Okay. And I feel like anytime someone would ask me this, I'm like, shit, I'm married. Yeah. But my answers would always be Love island. The like love island versions. Yeah. But then I'm like, I'm married, but I, that's all I watch is like the loved ones. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I, and I also think I would be voted out immediate. I'd probably be so boring because I hate drama. So like, if I'm in Dr I just immediately like retreat. Like I, I don't No, but you're a bombshell. IWI. That's, I'm a blonde bombshell. No, I know. We, I actually just was in T and Caicos with all my friends and we played Love Island. Like, but as if it was like, like as if it was like murder mystery, like, oh, we all had different characters.


It was so fun. Jake and I like immediately coupled up together. I was like, he was doing it in the English accent. It was epic. It was so epic. But I was like, that's the closest thing I'll ever get to being in Love Island. Wait, Can we talk about your blonde hair? Yes. Are you feeling like this is like an alter ego? Like what's the vibe? I, You know what, I've, I've been blonde before. I don't, people are like so shocked about it. The only difference, 'cause in Electric State I was blonde, but the, the only difference is that we just, we did go to like my roots. So I am now like platinum, platinum blonde. Whereas before I was leaving up quite a lot of like, the dark, my dark like darkness in because I'm naturally quite dark. But yeah, I like, I, I think, yeah, I, I jake's like, you look totally different to me.


And so does my dad. I, I sat in the chair for 13 hours getting my, getting my hair done, walk into the room. My dad's like, oh. I was like, that is not no dad, I'm gonna Do this again. I know this one more Time and this time I'm gonna need a g I'm gonna need an applause. But no, I just think I look really different to what people are usually see me as. Yeah. But yeah. That's fun. It's so fun. Yeah. It's so fun. Okay. Sabrina Carpenter arrested you at her Atlanta show. Yeah. But if you really went to jail, what do you think it would be for? Oh, Like having too many dogs or something terrible. Like, there would be like Millie, it's just too many dogs. No, maybe like, maybe like in like, trying to like, like I have been in situations where if I feel like dogs are being mistreated, like I would, you're going there.


Steal a dog. Yeah. If I needed to, like if I felt a dog was being mistreated, I think I'd probably just saving a dog. Like in general that would be what I go otherwise, like I am, I am You have no idea. This is what leads back into the track. I am so like straight and narrow. Like do not, I'm never You're Following Rules ever. Yeah. I'm, I follow every single rule. I am a rule follower. I love That. For you. Yeah. Okay. What is something the Brits do better than Americans? Gosh, This is interesting. I don't wanna get in trouble. Oh shit. I would say I, I think the banter is just a lot better. I do love Amer. Like I do like my hu like my husband, his friends, my friends here in the states like, and even Jake's family, like have great banter.


So I'm not taking, they do have really good banter. And actually Americans can have quite like English banter. But my family is just, it's another level. We watch it on Love island. Yeah, exactly. Like you watch the difference. But us just had its best season yet. It still doesn't compare to the banter. No, the banter, The Drama Yeah. Is Great. The drama here is so much better. Yeah. Yeah. But in, in England the banter is the banter unmatched. The banta the banter. Okay. What is something random that pisses you off? Oh, I mean, what pisses you off? When, Like what, like what random are we talking here? Like, it depends how gossipy we wanna get. I'm like when someone lies to my face and you can, I can kind of tell when someone's lying.


Same because you know, when they like do that clench jaw thing where you're like, no, you're fully lying to my face. But I then am bad at being confrontational. Right? So I'm like, so I'm really good at being confrontational. You are. See that's the thing. I don't like drama, but if you like come at me with something I am, I will confront you. 'cause I just feel like I'm not the kind, I'm not the kind. If you met my mom, I, we are not the kind of family that like takes bullshit. Like we will just tell you right then and there. Like, we don't wait a couple days to simmer. We're like, like, no, no, no. This is you. Wait, You have to Zimmer. I need, I need to get so much better at that. 'cause I wait and then I like ruminate on it and I'm thinking about it. And then I'm like, yeah. And then you question if you are in the wrong. No, you can't have time for that. No time for that. No. You have to be like, no, these are the facts. And also I never, I never wanna forget, you know, when they're like, but when hap what happened?


And I, I forget that. Such a good point. I wanna know right in the moment. So for me, that's a good point. Yeah. I, I don't like, maybe what pisses me off. I, I mean obviously lying is so annoying. Yeah. And I'm an actor, so I can also see when people lie. Like I can see when people are fibbing. But I would say, gosh, maybe just like when people, when p like, but this is this, this makes me not just pissed off. This makes me like leave a room ca like I don't see you really the same. It's like loud, loud, slurping loud, chewing loud, loud. Anything like that I cannot bear. Like it hurts me. It really, really hurts me. It sends shivers down my spine. Like that bad.


Oh Wait, do you have TikTok? No. Oh, good for you. Because I was gonna say, what are you do, do you ever go on like YouTube where people do eating videos? Could you ever No, I couldn't do that. I mean, I was watching a show the other day. I'm not even gonna say what show it was, but I was watching a show and I was in bed and, and he was eating and I went Disgusting. Disgusting. Put on mute. Put on mute. I couldn't, Jake was like, calm down. I was like, I can't, why would he eat like that on a show? Do you get grossed out by your own eating? No. Does, but that's, this is the problem. I'm deaf in one ear, so when I chew I can't hear anything else. But like, I can't hear anything. So if I'm in a room with someone chewing, I eat something really loud so I can't hear them. Interesting. Yeah. Its Do you have Jake sit on your, the side where you can't hear when you're having date nights?


No. No. Actually he already likes to sit next to each other on date night. He doesn't sit opposite. What about, what about your hu opposite? It depends on the seating. Yeah. If it's a booth situation, I love a corner booth. Yeah. So we can both be in there. And we're people watching? Yes. I love people watching. And we're like, look, look at those freaks. Look at that person. They look like they're breaking up. They look like they're lucky. Exactly. I love that. But sometimes we'll be across from each other. Yeah. Okay. You're next to each other. Yeah. No, but he, he, I'm not like, I'm, I'm just an, I'm just kind of bad enough where like, things are just like very, very like muffled underwater to me. I miss a lot of things. He says, he calls it selective hearing. I disagree, but, but I miss like action and cut. Like, I do miss very important things in my life. Like, 'cause I can't hear. It's great.


It's, yeah. I was born with it and I just, they've never, they kind of gave up, said she's broken. Let's talk about you growing up. Okay. Obviously you got your big break on Stranger Things. We need a little behind the scenes. You have the biggest fandom. Obviously people will forever love the show. Can you share like, any funny or chaotic story that just like happened behind the scenes that we weren't privy to as fans? That you can just give us little anything? I mean, honestly there was like, as much as it, you know what, we grew up on the show and we were so young that like, we had so much fun as kids. Like I will say that like we, as much as we worked and like we had, our schedules were crazy.


Us kids, we were, we stuck together like glue. We did everything together. We laughed like all the time. Like I just, I look back on those memories and we did just have so much fun. Like Noah and I, once, it was season three, Noah Schnap, he and I were the youngest. So we stuck together really close because we were silly. Like the old, like the other kids, they were older. They, they, they weren't like, we were really silly. Like we would pull faces, make noise, do like the fart jokes. Like we were the nightmares of the group. And understandably, yeah. But we, once all the teachers were on lunch and we, and this is where I don't, I wasn't doing a rule following thing.


I, we tee peed the whole classroom and then we hid all of the teacher's computers. Like, and like, and, and then we hid in the closet of, of the classroom. And when the teachers came in, they couldn't find, they couldn't find anything. The other kids were like, what happened in here? They're on the radio. Like, where's Millie and Noah? We need to get them on set. And we were just hysterical in the closet. And I just looked back on those moments and be like, you have to do that. Like, weren't you like, weren't you tea? Like Yes. My, like my husband's like, he used to teepe like with his siblings. Like before, like at Halloween, yes. I, I wasn't doing any of that. I wasn't allowed to. So just like those moments, you look back and you go, oh, we were so silly.


No, that is so cute. 'cause I agree. It's like, that is the stuff that I was doing around my neighborhood. Yeah. When like, kids would be like, tee peeing trees. Yeah. And everyone's like, oh my God, we're gonna get in so much trouble. It's Like, I know. But then when we came out, the teachers were belly laughing at us and the the ADSD were rolling their eyes. 'cause they're like, of course they would do that. And they took pictures and we took pictures like in the tepee classroom. And all the kids were like, you guys are nuts. And we knew it. We, that's Cute. Okay. Who on the cast is most likely to make someone laugh during a scene? Oh gosh. I mean, for me personally, like Noni makes, like, Winona makes me laugh. Like, because she's just so, she's so wholesome sometimes. Like she, and like I just, she makes me chuckle and she knows she does like, so I think her or or Noah, like Noah knows how to get, like Noah knows my weakness.


Yeah. Because Noah will like do the silly, we make fun of each other's like poses. So like in Stranger Things, he always does, like, he always feels the Dema organ. And like, he always goes like, and I will do it with him behind the camera to sabotage him. And then he does the say. He'll be like, and I'm like, and like we just, we sabotage each other. Like, what could we like, I, I, that's what we do. That and then like, he knows my weaknesses, but the, the, they all make me laugh honestly. Like I am easily the one to break. For sure. Cute. Okay. Who gives the best advice? Oh My gosh. Winona, Who does their own stunts? Me. I, I from, I, I don't know. I don't like, especially the, I do my own stunts. I do all of them.


Yeah. Who do you think is most likely to have the craziest fan interaction? Finn Finn? I think Finn Finn is just so, like, he's just so, like, he's so funny. And I feel like, I feel like his fans also are a little bit more like, you know, he has a huge following. Yeah. Because he's Mike. Like, people love him. Like, I know. So even so many of my like girlfriends growing up were like, Finn basically posters on the wall. So I think he probably would have, I do have some, some weird experiences. But I think him may be The most, I don't know. I was gonna say, I feel like you've had, what is like one of your weirder fan interactions that you've had in your life? One time I had a man bring me at an event, a coffin with a doll of me in it.


And I was like, oh, so cute. No. Stop. That's like your people pleasing tendency. I know, I know. Because I was like, I'm not gonna, like, I, I was like, oh my gosh, that's so, that's so cool. And you worked so hard on it. And I was, and then he wanted to give it to me and I was like, no, no, no. I'm okay. I don't wanna take that with me. So I signed it and then I gave it back to Him. Millie, I'm trying to help, you know, I don't wanna make him feel Bad. Dude. Those are the moments in life where like, I, I have so much respect when you watch those videos Yeah. Of like a celebrity getting just like cornered and in that moment, there's no right way to handle that. No. And probably if someone wasn't being filmed, like a normal person would be like, what the fuck are you doing? Yeah. What is, but you're like that this is so thought you Thoughtful.


You worked so hard on that. No, I know. I'm obsessed. Yeah, I Know. Okay. You obviously had to shave your head the first season. How did you feel about That? I honestly did not, did not care. Like, like, and I'm saying that like, like I really did not care. I didn't have anxiety. I wasn't sad when it, they shaved it off. I just thought, cool. Like now that's what I'm doing. Like, I think, I think it started to hit me months and months in where like you get at that age where you're 11 now and you are sh you are shaving it consecutively every three days because it cannot grow past a certain length. 'cause we're filming. So continuity wise, you are shaving it every, so every time it started to grow and I'd get excited, it'd be sh like we'd shave it again.


So I think it became to the point where I was like, like 12, 11 or 12 where I was like, the boys started liking girls and I, and I was kind of like, maybe why are boys not liking me? And then I was like, oh, I'm feeling like insecure now. So then I would put wigs on and I got, I did get really, really like bullied. Like in public. People would like make comments and stuff. But I honestly, like, I still to this day, like loved the experience and I would do it again. Like, I always tell Jake, like for my first baby, I wanna shave my hair off. Like, I don't know, I just feel like such, it was really li like liberating would suggest it for anyone, like any girl. Wait, So you're saying if you, when you have your first child, you would shave your head Yeah.


Like when you have the child or when you're Yeah. Like, right, like maybe like right before I'm about to give birth. Like, 'cause I just think like hair is such a ordeal anyway to deal with like why I'm gonna like nurture my child, why like deal with my hair. And I think it's such a liberating experience. Like to be a woman is, is and I felt like I had that experience as a girl, but I'd like to have that experience as a woman. That's Pretty incredible. Yeah. That even you saying like, you experienced bullying from it. Yeah. You did it at a young age. But now I feel like to hear someone own something that they were shamed for and made fun of. Yeah. And be like, oh, I do it again. Like, yeah. That's, how do you think you got though to that point from being like insecure about it at one point to now wanting to almost like relive the feelings and experience again?


Yeah. I just don't, I just don't allow like outside noise to influence something that meant so much to me at that time. Like that it, I did love it. Like I would go home and my mom and dad like always supported me, always hyped me up, told me I looked amazing and like, so that it, it was a fantastic experience as when I stepped out my door when I felt like people were making me question if it was looked good or not. Like they didn't, but they didn't infiltrate like my front door. You know, those, that noise didn't. So for me, like, and I know I'm in a much stronger place now, like that I could deal with that noise. I don't care. Like I deal with it every single day. So for me, I'm like, that's nothing. Even You talking about that though, Millie of like starting at 10 then having this experience where people were so fixated on like what you were looking like and your hair and then you start to mature Yeah.


And become a young woman. And I feel like it was obvious for so long that you were so hyper sexualized in media. Everyone was so fascinated as you were growing up. Yeah. How do you think that impacted the way that you approached romantic relationships as you started to like become a young woman?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Lululemon Daddy Gang. We all know that having a good workout fit makes the workout so much better. In my opinion, it is make or break. Okay. There is nothing worse than when you're trying to do squats in a pair of leggings that are slipping down. Or even worse, they're see-through. Okay. This is why I'm so happy that I have the Lululemon glow up tight. The fit, it's snug. I like it. It's above the hips, super stretchy through the legs. It's all working out and you feel secure and ready to crush a workout. So maybe you're hitting the gym, maybe you're on a walk, maybe you're on a walk with your dogs AK me the glow up tight. It's sleek, it's smooth, and it's super comfortable. I have been wearing these tights literally everywhere. I have multiple pairs. I actually just wore this on a date night with Matt the other night, threw on a little oversized sweater. Felt gorgeous. When I look good, I feel good. And these tights give me that confidence. Don't hold back. Visit your local Lululemon store or shop online at Lululemon dot com to get your glow uptight.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. Now is your time to build on a hobby or establish a global empire. And while the entrepreneurial path is never linear, Shopify will have your back at any stage, no matter how many detours you encounter on the journey. Daddy Gang, I have talked about how Shopify has been truly so integral to my personal business. And anyone out there that is on a new venture or is in the middle of their venture and you're trying to figure out how you can get to that next level. It is Shopify. Shopify is a commerce platform that allows you to start, grow, and manage a business. It can be as simple as a side hustle or a multimillion dollar fundraiser. The cool thing is that Shopify is behind so many brands. Millions of people in over 170 countries are selling online and in person using this platform. And you can too. There are tons of fun themes to choose from and it's easy to use drag and drop, edit. You can even tag and sell your products globally and across all social media platforms where the customers are. Shopify. Thank you so much for being such obviously a huge part of my business. It has made it easier. Daddy Gang. I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is how to delegate and not take everything on my back and on my shoulders. And Shopify has been that go-to for me when I am selling product. They make it easy and they make it a great good experience. So Daddy Gang, it's time to build your brand. Head to Shopify dot com slash daddy to see how easy it is to start your business today.


You were so hypersexualized in media, everyone was so fascinated as you were growing up. Yeah. How do you think that impacted the way that you approached romantic relationships as you started to like become a young woman? Yeah. Honestly, I think it's, again, like my parents put me, like when we lived in Georgia, so I didn't, like, when I was like talking to boys, it was usually like either people in the industry or like, like that's kind of the only way I, I didn't go to school, I didn't go to parties, so I didn't meet anyone. It was mostly online. Like I, like that's kind of where I was like, oh, that boy's cute.


But like, I don't know, like maybe and maybe one day I'll meet him and then I, you know, and that's kind of how that happened. It was never like I dropped my coffee and met, you know, a guy. Yeah. Like, that just wasn't the case to me. So I was like kind of, I, yeah, I I never got to meet anyone. Everything was very monitored. Yeah. In terms of when I met a boy, I feel like every time I've sat down with anyone that was a child actor, they talk a lot about like how normalized it was. Like you kind of mentioned like you're around adults all day. Like Yeah. You were fortunate to have a pretty big cast of like younger kids. Yeah. But you're interacting in like a pretty adult way. Like do you ever look back and be like, oh my God, I became so used to maybe like interactions with adults that weren't as normal for young kids?


100%. I 100% agree with you. Yeah. Like that. That's, that's something I, again, I I, I actually just talked about it in my Vanity Fair cover, but like for me, yeah. I have trouble communicating even still with people my own age. And I'm now 21 and I'm still like, okay. Like I can't, I sometimes I find it hard navigating conversations or finding things in common and that I know is just due to like my lack of socialization with children. But I, if you put like a 60-year-old woman in front of me, I could talk for maybe like four or five hours. Like that's, and I just, I grew up with people over the age of 30 all the time.


And now I can have a conversation with, and my all, most of my friends basically are over 25. Do you find that you are different? Like even me, like sitting with me, I'm just turned 30, like thinking about you interacting with me versus if you were interacting with like a 6-year-old, do you think you would speak to us differently or like your vibe changes? Yeah. No, I definitely think my vibe changes. Like, I feel so comfortable talking to you. I have a, I have a 30-year-old sister, so we are like very close in the way I, and I think also that has a lot to do with it. Like, I have a 27-year-old brother, a 30-year-old sister, so we have very big age gap.


So I grew up with a lot of adults in my house anyway. But I do have a 12-year-old sister, so I do love kids. I, I grew up having a baby in the house. So for me, yeah, I do, I do really connect with, with kids. Yes. That makes sense. So that it's like, it's like really like under 10, it's in between 10 and like 21 that I'm just like, ah, I don't know what to talk to you about. And I'm really scared I don't have tiktoks. I really don't know what you're talking about. If you're like making a joke about something that, that's where I, I love that for you. That's Why I struggle. I love that for you though, because you don't need to be on TikTok. The, the other day something was just said, oh gosh. And my husband was like, Millie and it's just like the, the yeah. The golden white dress. Like I am, I'm just realizing what that is like.


So that's where I, that's where I'm At. I love that for you. I actually think you should stay right there. Yeah. Because the shit that fills our brains online. Yeah. None of this is useful. Yeah. None of it. Yeah. Okay. Let's talk about your relationship. Okay. You married Jake Bon Jovi. How did you guys meet? We met through a mutual friend. My friend was going to college where he was going to college. Okay. And I wound up getting his number, but never actually called him. I was single and was just kind of like, I'll put it in my phone. I don't even know why I had it in my phone, but I just put it in my phone. She ended up not going to that college. So then they like, but we were like all kind of like, I don't know, I, we wanted them, them to like be friends and like, I want, I really wanted her to find a group.


And then we, it was four months later and then I just came home from work and I was in my room and I thought, I'm just gonna cold call people casual. Yeah. I was like, I'm so bored. And the first person I called called was him and I, and I was like, hi, my name's Millie. And he was like, hi, I am Jake. And I was like, and the first thing I said, so like gross. I was like, are you single? And he was like, yes. And I was like, okay. And then I was like, where are you? And he was like, I'm at college. And he was at college at the time. And I was like, okay.


I was like, well, I'm single too. And he was like, great. Like, and he, we were friends for a while. Like, we text back and forth and called and we watched like shows on Zoom and stuff like together. But we, he did not flirt with me like once stop, like when I tell you I'm really good when I can sense that like had no clue. And I said to my mom, you're gonna have to sit in on a conversation I have with him and tell me, are you getting that? Like, because I don't know if he's flirting with me or not. And I went down to my parents after a phone call one night. I said, he's either gonna be the maid of honor at my wedding or the groom. I dunno which one. It's like, I don't know, he's either gonna be my best friend or like my husband. I cannot tell. And she sat in on the conversation and she said, he isn't flying you.


Like, he isn't like, he doesn't show any signs of interest. And he was, he's just so respectful. Like, so like, and I, and basically one night I just said to him, I really like you and I really don't want that to ruin our friendship 'cause I really like our friendship, but I do really like you and I just want you to know. And then he was like, wow, you're so bold. I Was like, I was like, what Do you mean? And then the next day he was like, I really like you too. We should, we should meet. And so we met and then like, the rest is history Men. I know. It took him that long though to be like, yeah, no, I do like you. I was like, wow, you're so, so bold. Had to fall asleep, wake up the next morning to thinking, oh, he actually despises me to him being like, no, I I do actually really like you.


Like You falling asleep on zooms together. Yeah. You're like, I don't need a best friend. No, I know. But I'm glad you thought it was all just like platonic at first. Like, I know, but he again, he was like, just he, that's Tim, like, through and through like, even like, he's just that kind of guy. Like he is so friendly, so nice to everyone. He could literally have a conversation with a brick wall. I cannot, so like, I literally like cut to the chase, do you like me? And he's like, wow, you're so bold. I know he's gonna kill me for saying that. But that is the truth That though is like, what I do love about that is I feel like on the other side, I've spoken to women about their, like, interactions with the guy at first and it's like there's something endearing when a guy is not like The most like aggressive pursuer.


Yeah. 'cause it just feels like you being the one that was like, hello. Yeah. It's like sweet. Yeah, I know. Like, I was like, did are you seeing what's happening here? We have a great connection. Right? We're good friends. Like, and I knew his favorite kalo, like favorite food all of things before I met him. And then when you, I met him, I walked through the airport and usually this is a huge itch for me. Like, just like men picking me up from an airport, make me feel sick. Like I can, I refuse. I had, it's just like I've had bad experiences where they get me flowers and I'm like, I cannot interact with you ever again. It just freaks me out. I just think it's like weird. He picked me up and I was like in love. Like, I was like, oh my God, you've broken the cycle.


How have you broken the cycle? Billy? This is The most random ick I have ever fucking heard from anyone on the show. You Don't see where I'm coming from? No, no. This you don't see where I I'm Coming from. This is actually, I can so see it though. Just the standing there waiting. I just can't, I can't bear it. Now In hindsight, I remember back in New York when I dated this guy. Yeah. He was there with like his little joggers on and he was just standing. We're gonna throw it. We're both gonna throw up. Did he have flowers? No. No, because if he had, he Had a little sign. No, no, no, no, no. Are you kidding Me? I would've turned back into TSA and gone check me. Like actually get me a boarding pass. Get me on the next plane. Never speaking to you ever again.


I'm sorry. I can't bear it a sign. A sign. Are you a chauffeur? No. Like actually No way. No, I can't. I can't. I really can't. No, it's so Accurate though, of them standing there. So he fully broke the cycle. No, he actually did something even worse. He picked me up and spun me around, which again could add to my ick. And I loved every second of it. I was like, like tweet, Like Loved it. I loved it so much. It was epic. But yeah. No, that's h no. Any other man that did that I would've gotten in a headlock. Yeah, no, absolutely not. So yeah, he broke the cycle. Thank God. Oh My god, Jake, we love that for You. Yeah, no, I know. Okay.


I heard that the first time then Jake hung out with your family. Yeah. Is you went on an RV road trip, all of you together. Yeah. I know what my family, if we, we don't like to fly anywhere. We like to drive. Okay. So we've literally, like my whole life, we get in a car and we drive. We've driven from LA to Vancouver. We've driven from Florida to la Like we do road trips everywhere. So we go to the south a lot. Like that's just like what we do. And it's kind of like his initiation. Like if he can't pass that then like, you know what I mean? Like, if you can't sit in a car and sing songs with my family, like that's gonna be a huge issue. So I invited him to, on a family road trip, we got in an rv. He had never been in an RV before, which I was like, what?


What Do you mean never been in an like, We got in and he just fit right in. Like, my family were like kind of scared. They were like, we're gonna, we're gonna traumatize him for basically 16 hours. But he loved it. Like he got out the gas station, brought us all snacks, we all sung songs. And I, and then from then on I was like, oh, if my family, my dad who, like when we first met, he, when he first met my dad, my dad was driving to pick him up and I was mortified. I couldn't even believe we were all getting in a car together. Like, we picked him up from the airport and my dad stopped at the airport, like side pickup. And as Jake's getting in, my dad started driving as he's getting in the car.


And I was like, dad stop. Dad stop. And he like hopped in and Jake like swung his hair back and was like, Hey, Mr. Brown and closed. So suave. Like, it was unbelievable how he like killed it. And I like looked him, I was like, dad, like you didn't stop the bloody car. And yeah, no, Jake killed it. And I, and I remember thinking like, oh, if he's gotten through that, like, that's the hard part. Not your dad being like, you know what, I'm gonna keep it fucking moving. I'm gonna keep moving and let's see how you get in. Also kind of baller that Jake was like, instead of just standing there like, wait, stop the car. He, no, He got in and was like, Hey Mr. Brown. And I was like, oh my dear God, get me out of this car. Not only have we picked you up from the airport, you are now meeting my father who hasn't stopped the car and, and you have all your luggage that we now have to get in the car while you are moving.


I was like, I'm getting hot. And then we got in the, we we, he walked in the house and my mom was watching the impossible, like The most, the saddest movie of all time, to which my mom is bawling her eyes out. Jake's like, hi, Mrs. Brown. And my, and like my mom's like, call me Kelly. Call me Kelly. And I was like, oh, this Is Horrific. No, it was really bad. And there was, I Read No, I am, thank you for sharing this because I, I'm like physically crying over here. Yeah, no, I know. You're The picture that you're painting. Yeah. Is this like beautiful chaos? Yes. And then the RV trip and is like, you're a part of the family. Exactly. No, and it like, seriously my parents, like when he went to bed that night, my parents looked at me and they were like, he is like fantastic. Like, we love him. And I was like, really?


After everything you've put him through. Yeah, I think he is great. Are you choking me? Wait, was it as crazy when you met his family? No, no, no. They are so different. They are so like, you know, everything's put together. My fam they were not watching the impossible. They did stop the car when they picked me up. Like it's very different. No, they're just like the sweetest. Like we had dinner, we talked, I was really nervous to meet them. Of course, of course you don't, you don't, you never know what's gonna happen if they're gonna like me. But yeah, I was just, I'm very like, I try to keep, I don't wanna like, you know, catfish you, so I'm gonna show you who I am like to from the very beginning, you know?


So I am like, I am crazy and nuts and fun. But like, yeah, I think they really liked me at the very beginning and it was like getting to know each other and really liked talking out everything. And I think they saw how much Jake liked me. So I think yeah, they got to see that. Whereas my parents like to be in the relationship and they're very much like, let's all go out together. Let's all go on Vacation. You're like, mom. Yeah, I know. No, but I do love having them around like, they are so, so cute. Like, my husband will be like, Mel, like let's go out to dinner with them. And I'm like, we haven't been out to dinner. You and I, they're like, they're so funny. And they, they get like toothpicks stuck in their teeth at dinner. Like they're just that They're just that they're those people. Yeah, they're those. Yeah. When did you realize like, okay, I really actually see a future with Jake?


Hmm. I guess we, we've been together for four years, so I guess maybe like when we moved in together and I saw like we had dogs together and we were taking care of our animals and we started living this like day-to-day life, I thought, oh, I really don't think I could ever see you like as anything else. Like I really want, I don't wanna be with anyone else ever again. I don't wanna date, I don't wanna meet anyone like I want you. And I think when we started talking about politics and how we wanna raise our kids and like, we started talking about really, really bigger things that I'd never spoke, obviously never spoken about. And I'm already very young, so I've never spoken about that with like boys anyway. But to be able to even think about those things, I was like, shit.


Like, okay, maybe I do wanna be with you forever. But I obviously didn't know if he felt that way. Like we talked about marriage, but I didn't know really when it was gonna be. And then when we, when he proposed, I was like, it makes sense. Yeah. Like everything aligns. And like, his parents got married really young, their high school sweethearts. My parents got married really young. They got married when they went. Like they, well they met when they were 19. So they're just like, their like love stories. So we had just like really young marriages, we had really great role models growing up. Right. So we didn't see any different, we didn't get like jaded by like all the other stuff, you know? Well, 'cause I feel like that's, I'm sure people have asked you like, oh, like did you ever consider waiting or were you nervous get married young.


But I think when you grow up and you have like a really good example in front of you of something, You just don't see anything else. Exactly. Yeah. Okay. We're gonna play Who's more likely to, okay, are you ready? Yeah. Okay. Who is more likely to plan a surprise date night Out of Jake and I? Me Really? What's your ideal date night Like I filled like the back of a pickup truck with like duvets and like, I got snacks and candles and we like, like yeah, we like watched TV and we talked and I had little picnics. So like that that, that stuff is my vibe. Yeah. Love. Who is more likely to do something embarrassing in public Me if you look back most cringe moment where you're like, do not show me that. Whether it's like something we've seen online.


Do you Know what I, No. I'm not embarrassed of anything. Do not, I know I don't get embarrassed. Love. I know it's really because I don't know if it's like a problem that I really need to take up with my therapist, but like, I really don't get embarrassed. Like, I'm like, yeah, that's just who I am. Like my parents, again, if I did like stupid shit, like as a kid, my parents would just be like laughing. That's Millie. Like, never ever took the sparkle of like out of me. So for me, like yeah, like I, we were on a road trip and we were in Alabama and it was just me and Jake and our friends and I needed a Wii so I just hung out of the car and peed like in a swamp in the middle of Alabama. And our friends were like, what the hell? And, and I peed in this cup and I emptied it, and then the lid was like a pea cup.


And then we kept it in the car and we called it the P lid. And like for the whole trip, we were just like, don't touch the P lid. And Jake's like, Millie, like, you couldn't have like, done anything. We could have stopped. You could have waited. I was like, I'm gonna pee in a swamp. I grew up basically peeing in swamps, like, are you kidding me? Like, that's just like on the road trips. Like it's like, you need to pee, let's go just pee on the side of the road. So like, that's kind of what we, what we did. So I love that about you. Yeah. And I didn't know that about you, so I'm like, I appreciate you sharing this. Yeah. 'cause it's definitely painting a better picture of like who you are behind all the characters that you play. Yeah. Okay. Who's more likely to spill a secret? Me, Jake is like a vault. I am terrible. I, I tell people, don't tell me, don't tell me. I'm gonna tell people. What is the craziest rumor you've ever heard about yourself?


Oh gosh. That I'm, I mean, that maybe I'm pregnant. Like I was, I caught, I was caught buying diapers for my lamb. I had like a baby, like lamb in my bed and I needed diapers for him. So I kept buying diapers for him. But people were taking pictures of me buying diapers and like bottles. And like, I actually tried like pacifies with him. I, people were like, Millie, Bobby Brown was pregnant. I was like, no, no, no. It's my lamb. The next week. He grew so big, I had to go get adult diapers. And then they were really confused. They were like, what the hell is going on here? Millie. Yeah. So that's the weirdest one. 'cause I really had a really good excuse for it. Only you. Only you. Okay. Who is more likely to apologize first if you guys are like in a little?


Jake. Jake. Yeah. Who's the more sensitive one? Me. I mean, Jake can be sensitive, but it would have to take a lot for him to be like, feel like that. Like he takes a, like, I am obviously like crazy. So I, for me, I am sensitive when it comes to like, like I will notice something and I'll be like, you didn't touch my finger. Like when I was sitting on the couch, just then like, you hate me. That's it. Okay. Got it. Like, I understand. Okay. But like, you know, like, you know when you're just like, it's my period and he knows it. He's like, you're on, you're coming. You're, it's okay, babe. Yeah. Like, like he knows, like, I am like a pretty stable part. We go like, I go to therapy. Like I try to like regulate my emotions, but when I'm on my period, like no, I see hell it's Game over.


It is game over for him and me for Yeah. Yeah. For him. Specifically for him. Yeah. Exactly. Okay. Who is more likely to be the life of the party? Me. Really? Yeah. Like, like Jake has more stamina. So Jake can like last the whole night when it comes to partying, I, I am good for a good three hours. And then I am midnight and I'm like, pizza up. Like, that's it. Like, cannot, cannot LA Yeah. Yeah. It's just really hard. All of our friends, like, they went to college so they, they can Oh right. They're like, have ever been played beer pong? Yeah. And I'm great at it. Oh wow. I just learned beer dye. What is that? Do you know what beer dye is? You know what that is? It's impossible. You have to throw basically d like dice in the air.


It lands on the table. You have to catch it. If it lands in the beer, you gotta drink the beer. Like, it's a whole thing. But we just played it and I'm terrible at it, but beer, like beer pong is like, great. You're good. I am good at that. What Did you do for your 21st birthday? We went to Tex and Kos with all of our friends. Oh, cute. We had just like the best time went on a boat, hung out, played mermaids. Do you know what mermaid is? We, is that where you like, swim to the bottom of the pool? It's like when you just swim in the pool and play like ha like house, like moms and dads. But as mermaids, you pick your color. We, it's The most pathetic game known to men. But I played it as a child and I said, my dream for my 21st is to play it with all my friends. So all my girlfriends and I, we like picked our tail colors and we all basically just found our own homes and shells and we were just like aerial for Yeah.


A couple hours. That's Why you're glowing. Yeah. You're like, I got to play mermaids. Yeah. You didn't, Clearly not. Yeah. Okay. Who is more likely to splurge on a big purchase? My husband. Really? What is he getting? Like, he'll just like, if he sees something, like I'll be like, oh, I need socks. And he'll be like, let's go to Prada. And I'm like, let's go to Target. Like what? Like he's just like that kind of guy. Like, he loves to like, he loves to go shopping any, and he will refuse to pack a suitcase 'cause he likes to go shopping in the place we're going. That's what, that's what he does. Whereas I'm like, Amazon Basics. Like I love that. Like that. I, I never, ever, when I do spend money on something, like I have to call my parents.


I have to think about it. Like, I go back, I I don't just buy it right away. Right. You're Like praying about it. You're like, I need to see if I need this in like a month. Exactly. And maybe I'll get it. I get what you saying and I try to help Jake through that. But he though, he get, he does get like buyer's guilt. Like, I think so. Like sometimes he'll be like, no, I shouldn't have fucking learned That. Well, well I'm sure you're like, you didn't need that. I'm like, you don't need that, babe. And he is like, I know. Yeah. Do you remember like when you got your like first big paychecks, obviously from Stranger Things and you're like, wow, like my life is gonna be different now. Do you remember anything that you purchased where you were like stressed about it but you were like, I'm gonna do this for myself.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Live. Good. Why are so many supplement companies charging ridiculous prices for products that really aren't honestly even that special? It's frustrating and it's frankly unacceptable. Live Good is a brand that's turning the supplement industry on its head by cutting out the middleman to provide high quality supplements without the insane markups. Thank you. Thank you. Live Good. Also has organic super greens, multivitamins, collagen, weight loss products, protein powder, skincare products, and more the highest quality products at prices people can actually afford. Here's the thing, I know we all feel that way where it's like, I want to get something for myself, but why is it this astronomical price? And also I don't even know it's gonna work Live Good is the Play Daddy Gang, where you know you are getting quality also for a quality price. Okay. So invest in yourself because we all need to feel better and you deserve to get yourself a little something nice. Okay. For your body ready to start saving, just go to live good.com/ Call Her Daddy to save 10% on your first order. That's live good.com/ Call Her Daddy.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Okay. Daddy Gang, I love working in media. I love having my own show. I love helping other people create their new shows. I love interviewing guests. I love creating marketing campaigns to promote the shows. But I know if you own your own business, you wanna hire employees who love what they do to boost the overall success of your business. Plus make it a great work environment. But how do you find passionate employees who are a good fit for all of the roles? ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter, powerful matching technology works fast to find top candidates so you don't waste time or money. See a candidate who'd be perfect for your job. You can use ZipRecruiter's pre-written invite to apply message to personally. Reach out to your favorite candidate, Daddy Gang. If you have a company, you know how much it means to you. That business that you have created, it's your everything. So you want people that are mutually invested and genuinely care about their job and are qualified, but you don't have to do it alone. So hire experienced people who are excited about what they do with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address to try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/daddy. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/daddy. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


Do you remember like when you got your like first big paychecks, obviously from Stranger Things and you're like, wow, like my life is gonna be different now. Do you remember anything that you purchased where you were like stressed about it, but you were like, I'm gonna do this for myself? I I bought a pair of Chanel sunglasses and my parents were like, you should buy them like, you like them. And I was like, what do you mean? Like, because I, I really like to be transparent. I grew up with no money, like, did not grow up with any money. So like we, we never owned a house. Like, so we, I have a bit, like, I have like a money like thing Yeah. Like where I get like, I'm just like very conscious about money.


So, and my parents like love, like they, they say it's important for me to keep that. It's just good to know like, about money and, you know, and, and not splurge. But I remember buying a house, like with my parents and being able to do that. 'cause for the first time we were able to actually not be like, scared about renting and like the beautiful landlords and you know, like, usually like the dog shit on the carpet. And when we have to then hide it from the landlords and all that, you know, we are a crazy family. Yes. So we usually always lost the deposit on a rental. So, so it was nice to just buy a house and be like, let's paint the walls. Like, you know, it was really nice. That's So, so sweet. Yeah. Okay. You got married around the same time that I did last year.


Yes. I remember like seeing your photos. Yes. I remember seeing your I No, you looked so stunning. Thank you. I am so happy for you. And I can just Thank You. I'm so happy. Happy for you. Thank you. And I like, I listened to you before you ha like, Matt. Matt. So like, I like, I like, I, I felt like, and I'm sure like listeners feel the same way. Just like you going through that love story and seeing you fall in love and like you were so like, you know, like a, like afraid and like, to fall in love and like that and to see you happy just makes my heart So happy. You're so sweet. Thank you. I, I remember like the first day I told the Daddy Gang that I had a boyfriend, I was like, gonna vomit. Yeah. I remember calling my mom being like, what if they're mad at me? Like I I'm not doing the single days anymore. No, she, they, she was like, I think they're gonna be ready for it. Alex, like, you've given them enough of how to like, be single.


Yes. Now let's show them maybe if you're, do a relationship. I ample experiences of like that, you know, like, and you have guests that are able to go like, talk about that. But like, you being in love is so important. Thank you. Thank you. Your, You know, your journey is priority. Thank you. Let's talk about your wedding. Okay. One to 10. Yeah. How bridezilla were you? Okay. Hold on. I think that I was good. I didn't stress, I wasn't stressing, I'm just a planner, so like, I'm not like yelling at people or anything. Yeah. Like, I'm not bridezilla but like, I knew every Second of that schedule. Like every second. Like I apparently, which I don't really remember this 'cause I think I blacked out right before I walked down the aisle, but I apparently, like I knew the second of the song that people would go down the aisle to, so I had a really big wedding party and I knew that right before I would go, okay, you guys go.


And I knew the second that the song would go right. So I'd go, you guys go, you guys go. Like, I was ready. 'cause they were walking down the aisle and I had forgotten to put my veil on. I forgotten all. So by the time that everybody went, I went, oh shit. And my dad went, Millie, it's your turn. And I was like, it's my turn, it's my turn. And like I put my veil on and I was like, oh my God, now I've gotta cue myself. And like, that's like the ad in me, like to be like, I have to be. So I for, and my, and Jake said at the end of the aisle, he saw my arms waving around trying to like, make sure everything was perfect. Were you like that? No, not at all. And this is so beautiful to hear this though, because first of all, picturing you back there, you, I already now like getting to know you more.


You're like one. Yeah. Two. I'm like three. You're so cute in Yeah. That you're like, almost like Directing. It's the actor in me. I cannot help it, but like, make sure everything's perfect. And Jake literally like after in our, on like, on our honeymoon, Jake was like, you are gonna come, like, you are gonna have a comedown. Like, because every single day I'd have meetings and I would like to the point where like, I had everything engraved, everything thought about. And so, yeah. I think for me, like after it hap like after the wedding, did you have like a really bad kind of comedown? I did. I think like I had it a little different in the sense that like, I wasn't as into the planning, but then when I got there, it was truly one of The most magical weekends of my life.


Yeah. And like, everything fell into place. It was so perfect. Yeah. And I hate even saying those words because I was the person on my show being like, don't stress about your wedding. Yeah. And then I got there and I was like, this is incredible. Yeah. Like everything you've built with this person and not just this person with your families. Yeah. Coming together like Yeah. There's just this like aura around you that is so indescribable. I know. Because when you go to other people's weddings, not to be a dick, but like, you don't really care when you're there. You're like, I'll have a drink. I'll sit here. I know the vows are cute, you're crying, but you're not that when it's yours. No. It's a different, it's different feeling. It's a different feeling. So I had the comedown of just like, whoa. Yeah. I wish I could go back and get like, be in Even more feel lightening in a boel.


Like the feeling is unmatched. Like I, I will say as much as I did like control every factor of it, I, I enjoyed, like, I remember everything about the ceremony, the vows. Like, I remember the feeling. I remember like not caring, like, you know, my guest was stood up for like, The most of our ceremony. 'cause like, we forgot to tell sit down, stop, stop. So like, and even that I'm like, I just don't care. Like I love it. Like, it's just like, it's just part of it. It's the story you get to tell. Like, and, and after I let the rains go and I was like, I, I'm, whatever happens now is just fun. Don't, didn't you feel that once you do the vows and the ceremony? Yeah. Done First dance. I did get a little bit. Did you do a fast dance?


Okay. I didn't do a first dance because I was like, I have two left feet. I don't want to do this. So we did a first shot where we got everyone a shot. We, but wait, what did you dance to? So we did a six minute choreographed routine. Millie. I know this is, this is also my, and I can't believe Jake actually did it. We did a grease medley. So it started with your, the one that I won, it went into summer nights. It went into, we stick together like we did. It was, it was a medley of grease. We dressed as like sandy and No you didn't Danny. Yeah, it was, but it was epic. It was like unbelievable. People could not believe what they were hearing. And that was the only thing that I looked at Jake and I was like, if you let me down on this, like, we have been practicing for a year and a half.


Like, and we, we went to dance lessons like that. It was very, very strict for me. I've always wanted to do that. I was like, I'm either like gonna do that or I'm gonna dance down the aisle. So it's you choosing. And Jake was like, okay, we'll do the other one. But he loved it. He absolutely loved it. How did it go? Like he got into it. Oh, we did not miss one beat. Like it was, and it, and after, you know, practicing for a year and a half, I thought, wow. And it was, it was really, and I don't regret that one bit. Like everyone was like, it was like we put on a show and it's like, he also is an actor. So we just loved being able to like, do that for everyone and perform. Dude, That is so iconic Yeah. To think of you guys doing that together. Yeah. And, but that's the beauty of having these moments and weddings where it's like you have to make it what you want it to be.


Yeah. And you can't go on just Pinterest and actually try to replicate exactly what someone else said because it's like, what have you dreamt of? Exactly. What do you want that moment for you guys? No one's ever gonna do that. No. And if they do, it's because they're copying you and it's like, that was your original moment. Yeah. Okay. I saw that Bon Jovi didn't perform. Did he at least get like, do you wanna do it? Or was he like, no, I don't wanna do it? No, honestly, like he, he had so much fun. He definitely danced the night away. Like, we had moments where we danced. Jake's mom is such a dancer. Like she really, oh yeah. She's like, yeah, she loves it. Like, she, so we danced the night away. Honestly, like, I'm so happy that he was just able to be like the father of like the groom, you know?


And I was, was really happy for that. Okay. Wait, what was The most traditional and non-traditional thing you did? Non-traditional thing. My pa my, both of my parents walked me down the aisle. Cute. Traditional. Oh, nontraditional. We slept, we stayed in the same bed the night before. So did we. So did we. Yeah. I can't tell. I was like, I can't do the thing. I'm already anxious enough. Why would I, why would I put myself through That? Imagine being in bed by yourself. Like staring At the wall being like, what do Jake's doing? Yeah. What are what he's doing? FaceTiming him doing a Zoom watch on the TV show. No, I was like, I can't do that. Like, we try, we did say we, we might try and then we, we ended up not doing it The most traditional, I guess cut the cake. Oh, okay. Like we did Did you do a cake? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.


Like it's very traditional. Like my, I'm planning my older sister's wedding now and Oh My god. Which is you're back at it again Already. Yeah, I know. I love it. And she's like, I don't wanna cut a cake. And I'm like, I keep telling her like, Paige, like it was one of my favorite parts of my wedding was cutting my cake. What did you think? I definitely Did You feed it to each other and do the whole thing? We did. It was very special. And I actually liked it because our moment, we kind of did it on the side. Yeah. Where when everyone was doing their own thing, we kind of didn't do it in front of people. Oh, cute. So we were by ourselves and I think it was another like, touch base moment to just be like private and alone for two seconds. 'cause you know when you're there it is just balls to the wall. Yeah. Everyone's in and it's so fun. Yeah. But we tried to find little moments. We were alone and we ended up doing it alone.


It was really cute. Oh, That's lovely. Wait, did you guys write your own vows? Yeah, mine were like six minutes. Like, mine were, people were like, when it gonna end? I, I'm an actor, I cannot help it. I had to say everything I done you end Again. And I was like, and one more thing, I'm obsessed. And Ray performed at my wedding and she performed at Sam more while we were cutting the cake. So I do think it was like, it was a moment. Like, but I do like, and she performed her music. Oh. Like Frank Sinatra. It was like beautiful. Very Italian. I am so happy for you. Like, I just love talking now about weddings obviously. Me too. I saw your pictures. You guys look so happy.


It's so fun to just like, talk about all the girly things. I know we're here. Yes. 'cause you have a new movie. Yes. First of all, just congratulations. Thank you. Obviously the electric state. Can you tell me just like, about the process, why you loved this project? Like what was it about this that you were like, I need to be a part of this and I wanna be a part of it? Well, the directors, the Russo brothers, I had met them when I was young. They came on to Stranger Things, like, they are obviously legendary directors. And I already work with brothers on Stranger Things, the Dapper Brothers. So, and they're twins, but the, the Russos are just brothers. But it was really interesting because we got to see those, like, they are very similar in the way that they work. And they came on to watch Stranger Things.


And then I actually was, I, I went on to Avengers to watch them film end ga Yeah. Film End game. And I sat next to them, watched them direct. And I remember thinking to myself, my dream is to work with them. So when they brought me this project, honestly it couldn't have, it could have been anything I would've taken it, but the fact that it was Electric State just made it all the better. Like it was The most original concept I have ever, ever heard of. It was nineties themed, futuristic, such a beautiful messaging behind technology versus reality and the character. I'd never played anyone like her before. And I just thought like, you know, this, this is fantastic. And then when I heard that Chris Pratt was obviously gonna work alongside me, I just, I have heard such amazing things about working with him.


And I thought like, you know, that's a huge factor of like, you know, who am I gonna work with for the next four or five months? Like, and, and what kind of energy are they gonna bring every day? And let me tell you, that man brought the best energy every never had a, never had a bad day. And I'm like, I will tell. Like I, he never had a bad day. He came to set, made everyone's smile, made everyone feel important. Know, like, knows everyone's name. Like, just like a pro, like an e like an expert at his craft. That is so nice because I feel like every time in this industry you're like waiting to meet someone. Yeah. And you're like, I hope, Have you ever Oh, met someone where you go? Yes. Wow. It's such a letdown, isn't it? I know. Because you're So hopeful. And then there sometimes it's the ones where you're like, wait, I didn't expect this.


Have, have just tell me. Have, have they been on the show? Yes. Oh, okay. That's all I wanna know. You're Like, thank you. I'm gonna go back and listen it. I that Yeah. No, but that's really good to know that that's, you had a good Such. Yeah. Oh my God. No, it's wonderful. It's such a great experience. You Tend to now, like, I feel like play these really adventurous hero characters. Yeah. Why do you think you've been gravitating towards that in your career? I think There's enough like men heroes out there. Like, I feel like we've seen enough, like, do you know what I mean? Like, I love that for them. Love that for them. Yeah. But I feel like we need young girls to be able to see heroes as females and to be able to feel like, you know, we are able to save the world too.


And it's bigger messaging on girls being able to be decision makers, be in politics, you know, change the world for the better. So why not see HEROs on screen that they can resonate with? Of course. Like, I wanna branch out and, and work on different things. But for me there is like, there is a must in that if a young girl is watching, how will she feel watching this? Will she feel empowered? Will, like, will she feel like she can kind of move forward in, in a really inspired way? And so for me, like yeah, everything I've done thus far feels that. And Electric State definitely feels that. I like love hearing you say that because I think sometimes it's lost on people when actors take roles, they must sometimes just be like, oh, the paycheck was right or the cast was there.


And the fact that you were like intentionally seeking out moments in your career and recognizing like, oh, this is like an opportunity for like a greater conversation. Yeah. I feel like people do look at you like that Millie, where people are like, wow, you have such a presence on screen. Thank you. But then the undertones of the characters you're playing have such a presence for women. Yeah. Which is like not easy to do. Yeah. So thank you. Thank you for like picking these great characters. Thank you so much. Okay. Who is your ultimate moving forward in life? Who's your ultimate dream co-star? Margot Robbie. Oh my God. Can you imagine? I would just love to work with Her. I'm ready to buy the ticket.


Yeah, no, I would love to work with her. I think she's just like, she's a pro. Like she, and she too just feels like she made me like she, when I watch her, I feel inspired because I feel like she's, like, she leads her movies with, you know, drive with this sense of like being feeling like a badass and like, yeah, she works alongside men, but I can't keep my eyes off of her. So I think that's like, you know, that's huge. I would love to work with her, obviously like, you know, Meryl Streep, like, you know, I, that would be, Have you met Margot? I have never met Margot. I've met Meryl Streep, which was also like the blacked out, you know, that kinda, I, when I met Margot, I was like, you're even better in person.


Really. She's The most normal down to earth. Cool. Like, everything about her, I was like, oh my God. I love Even better. I love, I know that. So whenever You meet her, you're gonna just be like, Yes, Alex told me about you. And whenever I meet Meryl Yeah. And you'd be like, Millie told me about You Milli. She's gonna be like when she was 13. You know? You know, like, Okay. Last question. Yeah. What do you wish more people knew about you? I guess I think that the press they do like, like they love to go in on me sometimes with certain things. Like, you know, I know that obviously people say that I look a lot older.


Like, you know, that's like a thing that I get a lot is like, oh my God, she looks like 40. And I'm like, well, yeah, you did meet me when I was 10, so I'd understand. Now I'm 21, it's been 10 years. She grows my face like grew, you know? I don't know why, what do you want me to do about that? That and like my accent thing. And like, you know, I think people like to pick on certain things that I say and do. And I think, you know, obviously I don't want that for any person growing up in the industry, but it really actually doesn't bother me. Like, and I, I wish I could be like, you know what? It does get to me like it used to get to me. Yeah, it did. I grew up feeling really, really, I was, I got it got to me and I remember trying to change myself to please the masses.


And actually now I'm in a place where like, yeah, like my accent does change, my face does grow. Like I do wear a lot of makeup. Like it's just the kind of person I'm, I like that, like, it's fun for me. And like, you are not gonna tell me how to be a girl. Like, you're not gonna tell me how to be a woman. Like that is not, that is not the world I live in. It could be the world you live in. It's just not the world I've built for myself. So I think like, yeah, I think that that's what people don't know about me in terms of like what they say in the outside noise really doesn't phase me. I Appreciate you sharing that though, because it does humanize you even more of like, I think sometimes people just really don't understand the actual level of scrutiny that women go through compared to men. And it's just like an obvious of like, even I'm sure some of your co-stars, like I have other men in the industry that like I'm compared to and I'm like, they've never experienced certain things that I like.


No, it's just a different level. Especially like, you're right, we literally met you on screen when you were 10 years old. Yeah. I think there's like a hyper fixation on you. Totally. But as a human being, as a young woman, like it's so much pressure. Yeah. And I'm so happy that yes, you're saying like you've gotten to a point where it doesn't affect you, but it still doesn't mean it should happen. No, absolutely. You know what I mean? It should never be okay. I feel like, you know, when that stuff comes out about me or or about other women and other young girls in the industry, I just, I I'm disgusted. Yeah. Like, I can't believe it still happens. And if I can do anything to change it, like I would, like if I, I always say like, if I had a genie wish, like I really would wish that no one ever had to go through that kind of scrutiny because it is, it changes the kind of person you like are like, it changes the way you perceive the world.


And like you see the bad and everyone, you don't see the good. You're like, what are your intentions? What are you gonna say about me? And I think the press just need to be taught manners again. And I think like they need to go back to school and learn how to speak to people, be kind and, and just understand that we're, you know, we're all growing people. We all make mistakes. And ultimately like the standards and stigma like stigmatism I or the stigmas against girls, it, it's ridiculous. Especially I feel in Hollywood. Yeah. Just like, I've seen it a lot, you know, in the world. But in Hollywood I see it with young, young actors and it's just, it's, it can jade you and it can make you so different. And I hope no one ever has to go Through that.


No, I know. Like we're, we've now, like, obviously we're at time, but I just wanted to say like yes, yes, yes. Like we could do a whole fucking episode about that together at one point in our careers of just like, it's wild. Yeah. So I thank you though for like coming and speaking today with me because this was so fun. It so fun. You are so fun. I'm thinking about like, Jay Castane now listened to this in bed. Oh my God. Are, wait, would you ever watch this back or no? Are you gonna be like, don't show me what I said. I actually, I actually think I will because I, I wanna, this is fun. I, yeah, it's so fun. And I want Jake, I wanna watch Jake listen to the stories I've told. Good. So my Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father.


I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


High Five Casino is the top choice for social casino gaming. That's free to play with chances to win and redeem For real cash prizes, free spin rewards and tons of exclusive games, you can experience more high five moments than ever before. You're gonna wanna high five everyone, the neighbors, the mailman, all your coworkers, of course your friends. Well you get the point. Your high five moment awaits@highfivecasino.com. No purchase necessary void weight prohibited by law must be 21 years older terms and conditions apply.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Opill, the first ever over the counter daily birth control pill available in the US I wanna introduce Opill. Opill is a daily birth control pill that is FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus, there is no prescription needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription for birth control are over. This is huge for women. Daddy Gang. It is our moment to take control of our health and our reproductive journey. Opill is available online and at most major retailers. Get it now. Daddy Gang, this is what you need. I am so excited about this. We have been waiting for this. Use Code Daddy for 25% off your first month of Opill at Opill dot com.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden, everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.