
Lowe's knows what makes Spring Fest savings even better. A member only Doorbuster deals right now rewards members can save $40 on an Allen and Roth Chesler Gold Faucet was $99 now $59 plus save $110 on a Cobalt 40 volt battery trimmer and blower combo kit was 2 79. Now 1 69 Lowe's, we help you save valid through 3 24 while supplies last programs subject to terms and conditions. Details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Worried about what ingredients are hiding in your groceries. Let us take the guesswork out. We Thrive Market the online grocery store with the highest quality standards in the industry. We restrict 1000 plus ingredients so you can trust that you'll only find the best high quality, organic and sustainable brands all free of the junk. With savings up to 30% off and fast carbon neutral shipping, you get top trusted groceries at your door and you can stop worrying about what your kids get their hands on. Start shopping@thrivemarket.com slash podcast for 30% off your first order and a free gift.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long, long-lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy Nelly Furtado. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Hi. I am so happy we are finally doing this. I'm the biggest fan. Thank you for coming today. Oh my Gosh, I'm, this is so fun. So I've only been here a few minutes. I'm having so much Fun. I'm having so much fun. We have to tell the Daddy Gang who are my audience, first of all, Daddy Gang Nelly's daughter. Yes. Is Daddy Gang. Can you tell me what did she say when she found out that you were coming and Call Her Daddy? Well, She's been wanting me to come on the show forever. She's been talking about it since like we started making music for this album, some of it together and, and I was like, yeah, I mean I love that.


It'd be great. Like your show's amazing. You're amazing. Thank you. Love your energy. Thank so thank you. She's thrilled. She's like, right on. And then I was like, oh, okay, you can come help me with it. So yeah, her and her friend are here today. They're excited. I love it. She'd almost stayed in the room but I was like, I'm just gonna be like looking at her the whole time. So she's in the other room. It's so fun to have have you here and it's so cool to like know that your daughter is Daddy Gang. Meanwhile, I'm the biggest fan of you. So it's all coming full circle. You've had such an incredible career. Obviously you've been in the spotlight. You've also made decisions to step out of it at times. Like when are you at your happiest Oh wow. In general in life. Yeah. Oh my God. Probably when I'm like at the park with my children, just kind of like pushing them on a swing or something or, but then I'm also quite happy when I am kind of waving my freak flag at a concert and singing on, on my concert on stage.


I love, it's also my other chance to really be myself. Like I do feel very myself when I'm on stage. Like I'm like, this is my chance to just be as weird as I want to be. I fit in when I'm on stage. Right. I think though that's like a relatable, somewhat relatable idea of like, we have these two sides to ourselves. Like no one is just one dimensional. Right. Not at all. And that is like key, right? That is like, ah, yes. Would you say you're able to have somewhat of a normal life? Like if you're at the park, are you at the park as like mom Nelly or like, do people like come up to you and are you No, I am very good. I'm very chameleonic. Like, not only in my music, but like in the way I look so I can be, I, I like you wouldn't, you wouldn't recognize me.


I mean sometimes I don't care. Like sometimes a little, it depends what mood you're in. Right? So true. Like sometimes you're like, let's be social and other times you're like, yeah. But usually if I'm around my kids, like I'm not really, yeah. I'm pretty, I don't really wanna kind of, I get it. Engage in that way. Okay. I have to know. Yeah, because this is Call Her Daddy. What is the difference in your opinion, dating Canadian men versus American men? This is such a good question. Now we're getting the juicy bits. Just so you know. All my friends know this about me. I love, love. It's my favorite topic. I try to set people up all the time poorly. I don't have a very good success rate, so they kind of roll their eyeballs at me a little cupid. But I do love American men. I do. But I've found some interesting Canadians along the way.


You Have, I was gonna say like if you had to say Some high quality Yeah. What is your type? My type? Ooh. Ooh. It's changing. Okay. Yeah. My type is changing. Yeah. Talk to me about it. Well, I'm in my forties now, so I'm about, I'm, I'm 45. Okay. I'll be 46 soon, which is whoa. Love. And it's like a new beginning for me. It's like a fun, a very fun time in my life because I didn't really get to be single in my twenties. Right. I, I was pretty like locked down in relationships like from the time, not locked down in a negative way, but just like, you know, I was in long-term relationships. Yeah. For much of my twenties and thirties.


So only recently I've, I think in the last few years I've become single again. And so it's so fun dating. I love it. You do? I do love it. Wait, Nelly, you? 'cause it's On my watch. Oh, I love it when I feel like it. Right. You're like on my terms. On my terms voice. Yeah. And It's like when you come Correct. You know what I mean? Yeah. So now my type is like, come correct. You know, they ask me out on a date or for dinner or just like, it's all in, it's all in the way. You know, the words, you know, use the the sort of Yeah. I like confidence. I adore confidence. Not You saying come correct boys come correct men. I'm upset. Yeah. That's a great attitude to have. 'cause I know I have a lot of single girls listening and it's like, I think a lot of people want to have that like excitement towards dating.


Yes. But you have to enjoy being single authentically. So true. You can't just say, oh yeah, I'm out here. I'm having fun dating. No, if you, if you're looking for a relationship for real, then be authentic about that. Yeah. But if that's not what you're looking for, ask yourself what do you want? You know? And if you want to just have fun and see what's out there. And, and, and that's fine too. True. You just have to know what you want. But Be real with it. Yeah. We're gonna talk so much more dating. First I have to acknowledge there is another very famous musician that obviously is from Canada who you actually performed with. Can you please explain how you ended up singing? Yeah, I'm like a bird with Drake. Oh my god. Drake.


Yes. We go way back. Actually he had just asked me to come sing again a couple nights ago on Saturday night. He's like, he asked me at 11:00 PM to show up at 1:00 AM and I love him to death, but I was like, I am not showing up without glam. I thought you were gonna say, bitch get glam, then maybe I'll roll up. I was up. Okay. Still up, I up. But I was like, it was an event. It was like this really fun event in Toronto and I was like, no, I can't show up without glam because of course. Right. You know, he's so famous. It'll be everywhere. You're like, I wanna have my beat on. Okay. I wanna make sure I wanna two hours Fit outfit. Wait, like you gotta come snatch for the gods with the lashes and the beat.


You're like, babe, give me five hours. Yeah, I know. Oh my God. So you just didn't go. No, I could, I couldn't make it that time, but you know, I'm Obsessed. But anyways, yeah, I do. I do love him a lot. He's a great guy and I think that, I mean he is done a lot for the music industry. You know, Toronto was a secret for a long time. A secret that I loved as well, growing up there and making music there in my teens, my early twenties. But now it's just so nice. He, he kind of really put Toronto on a map in a different kind of way in Canada in general. But anyways, yeah, that's how that went down. The fact that you can be like, ah, Drake, like I don't have my makeup tonight. Like I'll pass on this one. Like, oh my god. So Ballard. I know. So Ballard, I kind of wish I did though because I saw a video and he looked pretty cute. He had a yellow tracksuit or something.


Oh. And then he looked good. Yeah. Shout out Drake. But then I'm like, what would I have worn pink? Because it would've been all videos of yellow and then, you know, like, look color. I love that you think of all this stuff. That's What, that's what performers do. We always think about what things like pop, especially in pop music, you think about what things look like too. I wanna talk before you were a performer because like it is such a glamorous life and we get to talk about like the outfits and the fashion and all of it. But before you were famous you worked as a housekeeper in a motel. Yes. A chambermaid. Was that your first job? Yes. Well that's a good question. My very first job was actually, it was the same year I did, like, I would jump over the fence at my childhood home and I would do filing Oh.


For like a home inspection company. So I would, but I would, it, it was long hours, but it, it was helpful I think to just sit there and organize. And then I got a job at the motel, it was called the Robin Hood Motel. Yes. And my mom worked there. My sister, my aunt, my cousin, my mom around the housekeeping department. She was like the head honcho there. And so she hired me and I would every morning just show up. I mean harder in the teen years when you're out the night before and then you get there at 6:00 AM and I'm like, where's the coffee? Right. You're like, hello. Yeah. Yeah. And my brother was gardening there at the time too, so we'd be like Saturday mornings like okay. But it was such a good experience because I worked there for probably 10 summers straight.


Wow. I even worked there one summer when I thought, like after I graduated high school and I went to Toronto and thought I was gonna be famous in two months, but reality. Right. You know, like that's not how it works. Your goals take a while to achieve move back home. Worked there again that year when I was going to college in my hometown in Victoria. Oh my God. And that was the year where I was like, oh, I wonder if my dreams will come true. You know? But growing up doing that was good because the work ethic, because when you get into this industry, woo. The hours can be long when you're starting out. It's a lot of hustling. I wanted to talk about that though because the juxtaposition of like being someone that is hardworking working with your family. Yeah. And then you get famous and I think everyone in the world now kind of has an understanding, at least when you get famous, people start treating the famous person differently.


Right. Is there a moment that comes to mind when you really started to notice like, whoa, people are just treating me nice because I have all these things and I am famous now? That's an interesting question. I think for me in particular, my parents come from these like really, really like working class roots. Like my parents are from the Azos islands and ATI from a tiny island called San Miguel. Like from a tiny village. You know farmers, you know like just, they were already like picking beans and like carrying their water from, you know, the main water fountain to home. Like when they were like 10 or 11. Wow. You know what I mean?


They're already working at the farm by the time they're 12. And so that's my, that's where I come from. So you, you really can't get bougie on people when you come from those sort of things. You, you get canceled in your family. You can get canceled. Right. So you can, you can't even go there. Like I have no business like acting like I'm better than anyone 'cause I know I'm not, you know? 'cause I go and I'm humbled. I think that's so fun to hear though because obviously like I didn't know that, but hearing that, yeah. Immediately it does paint a better picture of like how you are so normal and like even talking to your daughter like normal before you came in here. No. You're like, I need to start being boo. I need a air. But it's, it's interesting even talking to your daughter how she was like, I grew up with like a very normal life because she had stepped kind of out of the spotlight.


Yeah. And now all the resurgence of everything and you coming out with this album and you know TikTok and everything, she's like, now I'm seeing my mom out there being like, oh, like oh my god, that's Nelly Furtado. But it's cool to see that like you've been able to live a pretty normal life while also having this super stardom on the other side of your life. If that makes Sense. You know what's really funny? Sorry, I have a story in my mind because she said I remember remember, you know, be careful what you wish for, right? 'cause she's like, oh mom yeah you should start working again. And then a year later she's like, why are your hair appointments five hours long and your nail appointments are three hours? Like, like you've kind of become a diva mom. I laughing like, well but you know, this is my job. You're like Sweetie, You know Mom Nelly now you're about to meet Nelly Furtado the Superstar.


She said, what do you mean you can't pick me up at the airport room? I'm like, sorry my hair appointment went over. She was sorry. She was livid. I'm obsessed. Oh my God. It's like, well you want a mom to be back at work here. This, I'm doing my thing. I'm back to work babe. It's what it takes. Yeah. That is Amazing. She's like, God damnit


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay. So I went on a trip with all of my girlfriends to Vermont where my best friend was getting married. And we were all gonna figure out like, well where do we wanna stay? And oh, this place is too far away and if you stay there I won't really get ready with you. And then we decided on an Airbnb and it was the best decision of the weekend because we got this house. All of us stayed there. Matt came, my friends came, my friend brought her boyfriend. And we all were able to feel like we were almost back in college where we were all in one space. We all got to make our coffee together, we got to eat breakfast together, we got to go on walks together. We got to have late night conversations after we went to the rehearsal dinner and the weddings. And it was just the best time because I feel like if you don't stay in an Airbnb, you're not gonna be as close. You're not gonna have those late night conversations. And we as girls, you know how much goes into those late night conversations. We also had a pool table which was so fun. The guys ended up playing while the girls were having wine in the living room in front of the fire. Just talking about all the things about life and dating and relationships. You know, a wedding makes you emotional. I told Matt in 2025, my goal is to stay in more Airbnbs wherever we go. If we're exploring a new city culture, learning a new language, traveling, wherever it be, Airbnb is where it's at. So you can really be fully, fully invested in your time and experience all the things that come with that environment. Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only the new city but a new space in the city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at a local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants Daddy Gang. And if you wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where guest favorites might inspire you and may create a new tradition for you. So Daddy Gang, as you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay. Because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. Want a big kitchen, A gym somewhere you can bring your dog. It's my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons. I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


As women, we are constantly on the move. We're doing so many things, we are juggling life. And if you are gonna wear all the hats, daddy Yang at least have a wardrobe that helps Check all your boxes. Travis Matthew creates versatile products designed to help you look and feel your best no matter the activity. From sunrise coffees to school pickups to dinner dates, experience a pant truly made for all day every day. And no matter where your day goes, you can stay in perfect comfort in the cloud collection. You might fall in love, but that's okay. Rewards members receive free shipping and free returns. You guys know I am quite literally all about comfort. Like I feel like I live my life. I being like, am I putting this on Am, am I going to be comfortable? That's how I know if I'm putting it on, I must be comfortable. And Travis Matthew hits in the comfort but versatility department, I totally understand you need to have something, even if you're going to a meeting, can you wear this and also lounge in it. That is the true master of comfort. Travis Matthew Apparel designed for confidence and comfort no matter where the day takes you. Visit travis matthew.com and receive 20% off your first order when you sign up for email. That's T-R-A-V-I-S-M-A-T-H-E w.com.


I read that magazines used to edit your photos by lightening your skin and changing your body. Oh yeah. How did that affect you back then? It's So funny 'cause that it's find, I always find it interesting what people clinging to in stories. So I did a real, like a general interview about, yeah. With my daughter for people. But then that became a thing like, oh this is this story. But then I realized, oh I get it. It's like I wrote a song about it in 2003, I think it was my second album. And yeah, it kind of, it's called powerless and it's like, paint my face in your magazines, make it look lighter than it seems, paint me over with your dreams. Like she way my ethnicity. So at the time it, it's more about the idea of, okay wait, like I'm in this bus.


Like when you're young and you're 22, 23, it's like, it's a whirlwind, right? Yeah. Like all of a sudden becoming successful at the career you always dreamed of and you, you know, if you're in it for the music, like I always was. I think that all that other stuff with the visuals and the aesthetics and the, oh wow. They, they, they like you and you look great on the red carpet and, but then the opposite is true as well and just kind of questioning it all. But it's true. Yeah, I bring my own clothes to photo shoots 'cause I was like a girl, like I was 21, 22 young girl. But yeah, you'd see at the time I think, yeah the beauty standard was a bit different. So I think that they would Photoshop a lot and just kind of like, oh I thought I had hips or my, but but it's, it's hard anyways because when you see yourself on TV for the first time, you know, you always look different on the camera and it can be a little jarring.


Like to be on TV and in at the spotlight that much at a young, at a young age I guess. Yeah. So Yeah, when you look back like, 'cause obviously like, I think it's helpful. Like I get what you're saying, you're like, wait, I did such a long interview and that's the one thing people picked up on, I think. No, I know it makes No, but I, but I think it's, I get what you're saying. It's like that I think for a lot of people now pick up on things because people finally do feel more comfortable to talk about things that were kind of like, hey, that was kind of a weird decision. Like, am I not good enough as me? Like yes. When do you, oh my God, when you look back, like when did you feel you're most confident when you were younger? You know what's so funny? I feel The most confident now.


What do you think that Is? 100%. Wow. It's now, I don't know, something happened, I don't know, I just had like, I had the forties glow up. I was just like, wow. I just feel like me, you know? I feel like I know what happened. I had time to work on my inner life, you know, I had time to work on the things you don't have time to do when you're busy. Right. And then you, you know, when you're burnt out and you don't get to journal and you don't get to, you know, go to therapy, you don't get to go do those things. But I had, I had a good time of three or four years of doing that. So I think by the time I got to this stage in my life, yeah, I just feel super happy with myself.


Yeah. Even when I get criticized, you know what I mean? Like I like if an, I mean who doesn't read the comments sometimes, right? It's hard not to, I think it's human nature to go, oh what are people Saying? Of course. And then you're Like, wow. Certain things, right? Like I feel like me personally, I've experienced like my body's polarizing, you know what I mean? Which is so it's crazy to say that, but it is because I see like, oh wow, why did it's, it's just like wow. There's a lot of like comments and people arguing about like what I look like or like, you know what I mean? It's so interesting what fuels and and triggers people. But I think at the end of the day it can be really positive 'cause you're starting conversations and that comes from confidence.


And I think that's what it is. It's like when you, when you are confident, I don't know what it is, but I guess sometimes it could be threatening or very empowering I think sometimes. Yes. Like people online are like so triggered by certain things, which is interesting because this is interesting. You never know what's gonna trip people up. And the fact that you're saying like, my body is so polarizing. Like, why do you think that's been? Well first of all, my body's changed a lot. I've had three kids, I'm curvy, you know, and I have a curvy body and like my, if you go to like where I'm, where my parents are from, from San Miguel, my body's no big deal. Like everybody, every girl on the beach has the same bum that I have. But like, it's like, I love it.


It's true though. So it's all context and just, yeah. Maybe they're comparing you to another era when maybe you looked different or anything like that. But I've had fun with it because I've been wearing very body con clothing and it's very empowering and I just kind Of, I love, I love feeling this confident, you know, I, I literally didn't even wear underwear on stage till like a year ago. I'm Obsessed. Not Even, it's only been six months. I only let the booty out like six months ago. Upset Nelly, I appreciate you talking about that 25, 5 years into my career. I love it. I love that you're talking about that though because I do feel like people tell you like, oh my God, your twenties are gonna be the best years of your life. And as much as those are really fun years, I do think the amount of women that I get to speak to it is very inspiring to hear like, no, it actually only gets better because you do get to know when you're young and you're 20 as fun as you can have.


You don't fully know yourself yet. You haven't fully lived enough to really like know what makes you happy, what makes you sad, what makes you uncomfortable. And it feels like I've now had enough conversations with these like really inspiring women to be like, oh bitch, it only gets better. Like get ready's, like get ready for your thirties, get ready for your forties, get ready for your fifties. Like that's really exciting to You. Yeah. 'cause you learn, you know yourself and then you can kind of look back and not laugh at yourself but find things charming like, oh wow. Like even in my thirties seems like a lifetime ago. Right. You know what I mean? But each decade is so beautiful. But I kind of feel like as women, like we just get more confident and when you can block out the noise of all the comments that are negative, it's like, oh yeah bitch, my booty looks amazing.


Bye. Like get out of here. When I was 37, I had like a fling flingationships ship. I just coined this term. Wait, sorry, what? Flingationships ship is like a fling relationship. So flingationships of love With someone who was 23. And at the time it was just like, it wasn't that big a deal. But like I had, I was contextualizing it in my mind like Oh that's so interesting. 'cause your perspective continues to change. Yeah. As you get older on and you reflect on different things in your life differently. Like my new album just came out but I was listening to the one before it, not this one. So it's like a diary so you can go back and go. And so for me, music is a diary, so it's kind of fun. It makes it fun. Let's talk About some of your iconic songs. Yeah, let's talk about song.


Okay. First I just wanna discuss, I'm like A bird is such a classic. What inspired that song? I'm like, A bird was inspired by, I was in a relationship in my very early twenties, right Here we are. It was kind of like a first relationship kind of, first kind of more like very serious relationship after my long sort of long-term high school boyfriend. It was the next relationship after that. And yeah, I was in a relationship and I was out in Los Angeles finishing my album kind of on my own own. I was very isolated. I was probably 20, I was 20 or 21 or something out there kind of in this little apartment just working on music.


And the, my collaborators were kind of older than me and they had their girlfriends and their wives out there, but not me. So it was a bit lonely. And they're like, okay, write some new songs, you know, and bring 'em into the studio. I think it was our first day working in LA trying to finish my album after having made the rest of it in Canada. And I was sitting on a sofa at the time, this place was called the Oakwood Suites here in, in LA And you'd go to the gym and you'd see like, I don't know, like kids I guess who were doing, I dunno if they're working with Disney or what they're working, but you know, it was the place that people went to make their dreams come true. Where they would stay when they weren't yet living in la. So I sat on a sofa and picked up my guitar and I wrote three songs that day and, and the third one I wrote was, I'm like a Bird.


Oh my God. And I'm telling you, the one I wrote before was trash. It was a really bad song. Really corny, not good. You ne like, yeah you, you never know. You might just be on the edge of something good. You know? Do You remember like the, when you played it for everyone, like on your team? Like was everyone like Yes, my Manager was at the studio. Yeah, my manager Chris was at the studio and and and he's like, oh okay, I wanna hear what you wrote today. So I played him the three songs and I was convinced the corny one was good. Oh, it was really bad. I can, I can sing it for you want. Wait, please sing it for me. I'll Ing it in a second. But like it's really Crazy. No, but anyways, so How corny are we talking?


All right, so this is the one that I thought was better. Okay. Than I'm like a bird. Okay. It goes okay. Wait, it's like he was cock Sure and I was a pussy. Had it in the corner. I couldn't come out. He was cock sure. And I was a pussy, had it in the corner. I couldn't come out. And I think the end was like, here Kitty, kitty. Like I swear to, I'm not even kidding. Wait, I thought that was better than end. I'm like a bird. Which I then was the third song on the, the demo that I'd made that morning. Mely? No, no. And my manager like, I dunno. Yeah. Okay. I think, I think the bird one's really good. They both had bird themes.


One was cos like a rooster. Sorry, I'm literally like a little zany. No, this is like the best thing I've heard all day to know that it was between like a cock and a pussy versus a bird. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah. Watch that literally trend on TikTok now and people are gonna Cup that. Isn't it funny though? Because I actually forgot about that till like, like a couple months ago and I was like, whoa, that's crazy that I'd written a very horrible song and a song that might be quite good right after. I mean, yeah. Yeah. I'm like a bird is, I feel like forever going to be iconic. I'm curious 'cause that song is so inspiring, right? Have you ever walked away from someone that you felt like was holding you back, like in a romantic relationship?


Well That song was about that. Yep. So that song I did, I did wanna, I did wanna break up, you know, with that guy. So, so I kind of wrote the song, you know. Oh my God. Did you write the song and then break up with Him? Well I sent it to him and he and he and he said, Hey, I feel like I heard the song. Like what song? No, Nelly. Yeah, I did. Yeah. So You No context, you just sent him the song. Well I was like, Oh this is my latest thing. Yeah. No, but no I think I ended up that I ended that relationship on tour, but it was literally, it wasn't very, it was like from a payphone, you know, on tour like I was with my band, you know, like it was one of those moments.


But it, it's very normal. I'm, it's kind of like, you know, your college boyfriend or something. Right. You know, and then you move on. So that was my college is like making music and touring. So I only did one year of college, so then I met him around that time. So yeah, my god, I had to make my dreams come true. And I knew You had to, I had things to do and places to be. So, but Like, not like a ba as sad as it is to get broken up with, for him it is kind of iconic that there is a man out there that can be like, that song is about me. Like that is pretty fucking cool. I'm sorry. Like I would take that song being written about me. Icon. Icon. Yeah, true. Actually, historically, are you usually the one ending relationships or are you Oh, I like this question.


I've been dumped before. Okay. Yeah, only once. Oh, flex. Yeah. It's a flex. No, that's not true. Two or three times, but more like when I was younger. But, but yeah, like I being, having your heart actually broken by someone that doesn't wanna be with you anymore really hurts really badly. So sad. Yeah, it's really, really upsetting. And I had an experienced that till like much later in life till quite recently in the last five years. And that was really hard for me 'cause I wanted to hang on, I wanted to hang on and I didn't get it. And I had built up a lot of expectations and things based on things that maybe were more about me and selfishness. Right. And then it was like, okay, like when do I come to grips with reality? But I've also left. Yes.


I've, I've been the Ender breaker Upper. Yeah. Do you think it's easier to be the person breaking up or getting broken up with? Oh my God, it's hard. It's easier to break up with someone than to have somebody dump you. You think being dumped is the worst? It is pretty hard I think. No, No, no. It's the best though. Because then tell us you grow because then you go, it's that whole thing. Like you gotta hit dirt, man, you gotta hit dirt, you gotta hit rock bottom. I have hit rock bottom before and it's, it's beautiful because then I just come out so strong. Right. And it's good. And I'm not saying it's like perfect and I'm like, oh, you know, we, we, we wear our wounds, don't we?


Yeah. Like our wounds never really go away. I don't think we can work on 'em. You know what I mean? Yeah. We can work on him. Yeah. But like it's okay, you know, you have stuff to deal with, stuff to work through. But, but yeah, I think, I think it could be a good place. Love that bottom of like, oh, oh, you know what? I go back to a lot. Oh, he's just not that into you just look up if you're ever struggling with somebody who's broken up with you or somebody, even anybody a flingationships ship, something like that. And you feel they're not giving you the tension you want and, and something's off just like go look up quotes from. He's just not that into you. It's so healing because Not often. I've Done it before, I think twice in my life Where I'm like, oh Humbling.


It's good. It's good stuff. Me too. Yeah. I'm obsessed with you. You're like, yeah, it's great stuff. It really just knocks you back to reality. Yeah. Because It's that whole if you wanted to he would thing. Right. Absolutely. Out. True. It is. It's true. It were girls. If we wanted to we would. Right. Done. Okay. One of my personal favorite songs of yours is Man Eater. How would you describe the woman you're singing about essentially? This is so interesting. So I really did kind of base that off of a woman that was friends with at the time that was like a colleague was like engaged to her and she was a knockout and just really was, did personify that man eat her energy.


And what, at the time, what I really, really felt at the time when I was making that whole album with Timberland and when we were making Man Eater is I did feel very, I was actually only about 26 or something when I wrote that song. But I felt like there's something really empowering about masculine and feminine energy together. Mm. You know what I mean? When somebody embodies both. And I was trying to capture that in a song. And I really feel that when I play it live it feels primal. It feels like it's for everyone. Yes. It's like, it's like almost like a verb. Like you're maning, you're like maning right now. You're maning. Yeah. I think it's an energy, you know, It's such a confident song.


I actually play a part of it in my tour 'cause I'm like you do. Oh, I can't wait for you to see it. Nelly. It's like all of these men come up and they're like magic Mike dancers around me and I'm just in my element. I'm the only woman on stage. Yeah. And it's like, it is like this empowering feeling when you hear that song. I love That. Did any and I love that for people. It's So good. Did anyone in your team ever, when you have like the song you're like The Pussy Cock the Bird, the Man Eater, promiscuous Girl, did anyone ever think that it was like too edgy? Or was everyone around you like, we love This. No, not really. I think I was like just making that record in Miami. I was feeling the vibes. I was feeling myself. I'd spent all day in a bathing suit, like playing with my kid on the beach.


You know, like I was feeling myself in the sun to be totally honest. And I was newly single. See, every time God newly single brought us many or promis to this girl. Oh my God. Yeah. That's amazing. Can I just kind of add fresh energy that kind of seeing the world through new like, I guess red colored glasses or something. I love it. Yeah. The energy's very like red and like passionate. But also with promiscuous. I actually didn't write that chorus. It was Timbaland's idea. It was, yeah it was. And then I sat down and finished the lyrics with Attitude, this amazing rapper that he was working with at the time. And I was hesitant, but my good friend Jim Bean sat me down. He's like, I think this is authentic and I really like this energy and you're, you sound great on it.


And I did know, I did know that I like, I laced up the verses and I sounded good and all that. And now when I sing it, I love it. I, it's like karaoke time. It's promiscuous is another one of my favorites. I made a really bad music video too when I was younger, which you'll never see. Can you tell me though, like from that song, how has your, 'cause it is a very again, emboldening empowering song. How has your relationship to your sexuality evolved over the years?


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Lowe's knows what makes Spring Fest savings even better. A member only Doorbuster deals right now rewards members can save $40 on an Allen and Roth Chesler Gold faucet was $99 now $59 plus save $110 on a Cobalt 40 volt battery trimmer and blower combo kit was 2 79, now 1 69. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 3 24 while supplies last program. Subject to terms and conditions, details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


How has your relationship to your sexuality evolved over the years? That's a good question and I will also give a quick shout out to the music I grew up on. So salt and pepper, TLC, trailblazers, those girl groups in the late nineties when I was a teenager, I was coming of age 14, 15. I was blessed to have that music to listen to. It was like Mary j Blige, TLC, salt and Peppa. And they were giving this empowered sexuality and choice. It was about choice. It was about, I'm in control of my choices and that was the energy we wanted to capture. With a song like Promiscuous, it's a choice. It's a even playing field. I think to feel sexy, to feel sensual, you have to spend time on yourself.


You have to spend time alone. You have to spend time just, you have to tap into pleasure, which is joy, right? Joy is pleasure. Right? So if you really feel and and and embodied like in your body, like, I'm not gonna lie, like I feel, I feel pretty sexy when I'm like dancing. You know? Like I'm in the dance studio because it's such an act of self-love. To apply your mind and body to something like choreography and to just be, to feel that. I always say it's like almost like an equilibrium. Yeah. And I think from there you can feel very confident, you know? Yeah. And I think it's something you develop. I think your sexuality is something you develop, you know? Yeah. As when you start, you know, whenever in your early teens and then you do, you just develop for the self, you know?


And I think that's a healthy place to start, you know? I think that's such a good like piece of advice. 'cause I think sometimes women can really feel like, oh my gosh. Like whether they were repressed when they were younger or religion or whatever folds into it. Or shame. Yeah. Like sometimes we can feel like maybe I just am not as sexual of a person as I want it to be. Or maybe I don't feel as empowered to like own it. And it's really like, yeah. If, you know, the more you know yourself, the more you'll know what you enjoy and the more that you'll feel confident to be able to explore. Yeah. It's almost like it's a quiet game, you know what I mean? Yes. Love, love. You're just on the search for whatever, like Yeah. Makes you feel your best. Yeah. And no one can tell you. Yeah. And you shouldn't ever search for it through someone else.


No. I mean, I think people can teach you, you know, like I think you can grow in relationships. Like I think you can grow and you can kind of like pick up things as you go. And like that ebb and flow again. But at, at the end of the day, yeah, you gotta feel, you gotta feel good. You gotta feel good. Right. Do you fall in love easily? I'm changing. I used to. That was a pure Yes. Alex. And I'm a lover. I love, love, I need muses. I'm a muses girl. Like I need, I think it's 'cause I'm an artist, I'm a writer. I create and it's like, I grew up thinking and just feeling like I'm, I love like lovers. Like I love to the the, I love the idea of being just really inspired and the joy in dating and like that.


It's like, there's nothing like that. But I also enjoy my solitude so much that I have had people ask me, like friends, like colleagues, like why are you even in a relationship? You have so much going on in your mind, you should just date yourself. How are you even able to be with, and it is true. I like my solitude so much that sometimes it is hard for me to be in a relationship. Yeah. Because I'm just like, ugh. Like I just get away from Me. It's too hard. Yeah. It's like a always felt like more comfortable to be like more like a, like a, like a, an enjoyable kind of like, I'm not gonna say part-time. I don't know what to say. No. What was the thing you said earlier? A, I don't know. A flip relationship? No. A a What Was the Oh, a fling. Asian Fling Aship.


You're, you're in your fling Asian, you're always wanting to be in your fling Asian, is that how you say it? Yeah. Flingationships. Yeah. There you go. Fling relationship. I think its fun and just kind of, I don't know, I follow my, my passions and my lost and my, my interest too. Yeah. I do have a DHD and I think it's affected me women experience it differently than men. I was only recently diagnosed, but I read a great book and I talked about how even as women with a DHD, we can pick partners that kind of make us feel like we're in the passenger seat. 'cause we want somebody else to make all the decisions for us and we just wanna coast. Right. Interesting. And I found that really interesting when I read that. 'cause I was like, oh yeah.


And I think when I'm on my own, I'm more able to kind of navigate to my whole life in a way that works for my brain and for my comfort levels. Oh, interesting. But I do love love and I do love falling in love and yeah, I find that fun still. But I think my priorities have changed. I mean, I think that's amazing to even just acknowledge your priorities have changed. Yeah. And you even talking about like recognizing something that can affect your relationships. You being like, I don't wanna just coast like I do wanna have more control over my relationships. Even you just recognizing that will probably affect the next relationship you get into and how you approach it, right? Yes. And you wanna stay yourself. I think that's The most important thing. You know, I, I have had a tendency to lose myself in relationships. Yeah. So yeah.


A part of why you returned to music was because you were going through a difficult breakup. You talk about in these songs that experience, can you share like, what made this breakup so painful for you? Oh my God. Oh, I need a sip of water. Yeah, let's Take a sip of water. I saw your body just go, huh? Do you have an hour, sweetie? Where do we begin? Yeah. You know, I don't know. Isn't it sort of like life, you know, and like, and then again it go again, we talk about this experience even when you're in your twenties and you're growing everybody, I mean, I always wanted to have a family, you know what I mean? And have children and this, we all have that dream, you know, of just kind of settling down and like, oh, now I'm at the yellow brick road, this is so great.


Oh wait. And now I'm at the yellow brick road, right? And it comes in all these variations. But I think I just had that feeling like I had finally kind of arrived at that, you know, yellow brick road and it was like gonna be that for me. Yeah. And then it turned out that it wasn't, and that's why it hit so hard. You know what I mean? I absolutely, because it was the first time it had felt, you know, like that. Right? Yes. You know, where it was like, oh, you know, where you felt like, you know, you had that profound sense of a certain kind of peace. Yeah. You know what I mean? And a certain kind of certainty. Right? And it's that idea when the certainty just kind of gets pulled out from under you or the rug gets pulled out and you go, oh, oh my God, I have a lot to learn still.


I have a lot to learn about me. And you might have had a horrible experience, you know, and there for sure. Like, I went through a very difficult time where I think I accepted some things that, that I would never accept now, you know, in terms of the way you're treated. Yeah. And I could you Share just a little bit? Like not Yeah, I can, I will Say just for women listening, like of course I know. And because you can't see it when you're in it. Sometimes you can and Not at all. You cannot see it at all when you're in it. And sometimes we just love so hard and we love, and I'm sure there's women out there too, you know, when we, we become mothers, we're quite vulnerable when we become mothers because we just want what's best for our kids and we wanna protect them.


And I think that in general, I'll say that it can really happen to anybody feeling powerless, you know what I mean? You could have all the money in the world and all the resources, but in the mind really, that is your only wealth is in your mind. And so if you can't feel strong enough and clear enough to move out of a situation that might be toxic for you and not the best for you, and also abusive in any way, you know, I think that, yeah, like I'm, I'm definitely like not here to like tear, you know, of course anyone down or anything.


But I think that it's honest to say that it is hard when you're in a relationship that has that imbalance, I will say. And I, I and and abusive qualities. Yeah. It is hard to, it is hard to see outside of it because you isolate yourself, you stop talking to your friends, you don't tell, you know, your friends the truth about what's going on in your life. And you live in a bubble. And it's hard to admit, you know, that you have chosen to not say anything, right?


Yeah. It's hard to admit to yourself. It is, it is. Right. And then on top of that, the love, right? Love, you know, keeps you there because oh, you wanna, you know, and I, and I will say that too, like, I think as women, we think we tend to sacrifice our happiness sometimes, you know, once we're, once we're in it, of course once we're, once we're, we've fallen in love, right? We tend to, we sacrifice ourselves sometimes. Yeah. And we think we're doing the right thing. Yeah. So often. Yeah. And I, I appreciate you sharing that too, because I think when you are in those situations and you get so isolated, a lot of times you're like, how would I even begin to unravel this?


Right? Like, how do I even begin to get away and like to restart? Fear. Fear is huge too. Because when you have, when you fear, you know, when you have fear, that can be a very powerful emotion. You can be afraid, but you can, it kind of like, you create it in your mind, you know, you can be afraid like, oh, what's the person gonna do to me? Or say about me? Or like, you know, et cetera, et cetera. Or I don't know. You just, you fear, you fear that. And again, it's heightened when you have, you know, like kids and like, there's whole other things to think about or, yeah. I, and I, I also agree with you, 'cause I have talked about this on the show before too, of like the thoughts sometimes of leaving and all the things that you think it would take to leave.


It just feels more daunting almost than just staying. Yeah. Can you share like, how, how do you know? I know I have a song about it on my album. It's, and I appreciate you writing about it because it's like, it's so real and so many women listening to this are gonna be like, Nelly, thank you Nelly Water. Thank you for sharing though. Because it's like, I do think, and it's not like on you to help all these women, but it is like, the more we talk about it, the more people I know someone's gonna be watching at home right now being like, oh my God, if Nelly was going through this and she says that she got out of it, like, I can too. Like, can you share how you knew it was time and like how you actually took the steps to get away essentially?


I think there were moments where I almost had the strength, but again, like something would keep me there, you know, where I was like, oh this is, you know, this is the moment. So I think that in, I will say having remarkable friends, like I'm very lucky. Yeah. I have some really, really, really amazing friends. Really core like childhood friends that have been there for me my whole entire life. And they just, they just kind of knew what to say to me and knew what was too much or too little. And even the hard stuff, you know, I have some friends that I will say to ladies out there, you know what, those people that are telling you what you don't wanna hear, those are the ones you need to keep close.


Hopefully they know you well enough to not repel you with judgment or anything like that. And it's not judgment if you, you can sense when it's love and I think everyone has someone, you know, maybe one person or one voice in their life that is maybe like reminding you when stuff is not okay. And like, what you are worth is and what behavior is unacceptable if you cannot see it for yourself. It's so true. It's like you just need one person. Yeah. You Do One person. Yeah. To just kinda be like, n no, actually, yeah, I am not gonna talk to you anymore if Right. You Stay right Or whatnot. But like, but tough love doesn't work all the time, but like, it's in doses. Right.


And I think, I'm trying to think of another thing that helped me. I think, ooh, geez, that's such a good question. I think you have aha moments, you know what I mean? They just have sometimes like a moment where you're like, okay, you know? And then sometimes, I guess I was lucky in a way because maybe like on top of it, I, I wasn't really the One who chose at the end of the day. Like, do you know what I mean? I went through a rough time, but then at the end of the day it wasn't really my decision. But then I quickly learned that then, okay, now I'm doing me now's, you know, I'm doing me now. It's such a vicious cycle that you can get so wrapped up into.


And then when you get released from something like that, it can almost feel like withdrawal symptoms. 'cause you're like so used to the up and the down and the toxic like you Do. And then for some reason your brain only feeds you happy memories. It's really weird, Nelly. It's so fucked up. It's, you're like, maybe it was actually the Restaurant, the coffee shop, like the movie we went to. Yeah. It's, and It's like very weird. It's so fucked Up. That's a tough phase, right? Right. That's a tough phase when your brain feeds you all these happy memories, let's flood you with happy. 'cause there are happy memories. Right. Of course. That's why you, that's why you stay there. That's because there are some great things, right? Yes. So it's, it's tricky to navigate. It is, it's tricky. It's a big mind FUCK. But I Really appreciate you like talking about it that way too because I know so many women write in feeling like, I feel so much shame that I'm even thinking about this person that hurt me.


And I feel like it's like, no, Don't feel shame. Right? No, don't feel shame about it. It's not natural. You know what I mean? Like, it's, it's natural to wanna, you know, to still feel a multitude of feelings. And it Yeah. It's just totally normal. Yeah. It's a process. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because the truth is, it's like anything, right? Like how many band-aids do you have? Right. And how long do those take to heal facts? It takes time. What is a difficult lesson that you've learned about love that you would tell your kids one day? Oh my God, love. It's funny, I almost call my album, let's be honest, you know nothing about love. Oh my God. Stop. I'm serious. And that was my, it was either called seven, or let's be honest, you know nothing about love.


Maybe I'll call the deluxe that I was about to Say. That's what you call it in your head. And then to the world, it's seven. You're like, what? It really is, let's be honest with, you know, nothing about love. Oh my God. What? I know, like The story of everyone's life. Right? It's like we, we know love, of course. Like we, I know great love, you know, obviously I'm, I'm blessed to be a mother and have wonderful family and friends and things like that. So I know what love is. But if I was to give advice on romantic love to my children, I'm gonna, I'm gonna vote for the golden retriever. I'm sorry. You Gotta be best friends. I think you have to have a authentic, true friendship. If it's about partnership, you know, forget all the other stuff.


It's about partnership, but also stay you, man. Stay you. Yeah, Yeah. And listen to your friends. When you have a gut feeling, your friends are usually always, oh, That's the other thing. Your gut is always right. The little voice in your head that tells you, and this is not even this like, and this is past relationship, but Right. The little voice. Mm. It's always right. Yeah. Yeah. And it's so hard because I, I know it's so cliche to say, but it's like, then why do we always ignore her gut? I dunno. Why, why, why are we always like, but That's like we gaslight ourselves. I have a song, actually, I think I'm gonna put on my deluxe called Gaslight. Yeah. Another album title was Red Flags. Oh My God. Too Relatable. I'll take these. So anyways, yeah. So Gaslight, we gaslight ourselves in a way, you know what I mean?


Because it's like, boom, boom, boom, boom. Oh, it's it, yeah. It's like an echo chamber. Yeah. Can you share, like, how do you get your confidence back after a breakup? Oh, me, kind of like exercise and going out. I started to go out a lot. Oh. After my breakup, I was ready. I was like, I'm, because it was such a long, dwindling breakup at the, by the end I was like, okay, I'm dating now. Right? This is awesome. Like, I'm gonna date after we did, you know, all the ending stuff. And then I, and I, yeah, just went out and had fun and just, I think I like really found a lot of joy in like, dressing up again and like clothing and fashion and, yeah.


Yeah. Because I think I was like really kind of wearing like, a mommy uniform for like three years. What was your mommy? Uniform? Uniform. My place was a block away from the Target. Oh. What were we buying at Target? Okay. I, well, I do remember taking my, my teenager on a tour of Target of a, of a university. Oh. 'cause she was shopping for universities out in California. I thought my shirt was nice, but it w it would look like a tablecloth because it was blue and white checkers, but it wasn't even a flattering cut. Okay. And I didn't have time to shop, so I would just grab like, whatever. I saw nothing against Target, but like, I love Target. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Target's fun. You can find great stuff. But I think that I didn't diversify.


Got it. I wasn't really, like, I didn't have time. I didn't have time. Right. I didn't have time, or I just wore stuff that was baggy, which is totally normal. Like, I breastfed all, all my kids. So like, of course you're gonna, you need easy access. So you just wore the boobs. You Do. So you just weren't feeling yourself as much. And then once you got through the breakup, you're like, you know what? I'm gonna like start putting my cute outfits on. Yeah. I'm gonna do my glam. I'm gonna get out there. I'm gonna go have fun. Well, the studio helped me too. So I started going to the studio and I started writing. I started recording music again. And I got so many emotions out. Oh my God, I got so many emotions out at the studio. I would cry in there. I would get angry in there. It was so good for me. It was such a good therapy. Wait, is it, is it true that you actually wrote like 400 songs?


I did. Yeah. Nelly, can you just like, rewind and tell me like how, Like, if this house was my studio, what I would do is I would it just like, we're in LA today, so I'd be like, who's in LA today? Which of my friends are in la? Which producers, which writers, which friends. And that's what informed this album. This album is really just like a let's party type of album. Because I was getting over a breakup and I was like, my social life became the studio. Oh. So like, you know, like, I, I, you know, I don't, I wasn't in the mood to like, go away and write songs by myself on a guitar. It was like, no, we're bringing everybody in. I would invite like, people after their concerts to come hang out and make music with me. Yeah. And then my daughter was really coaching me on too. 'cause she was having fun in there too.


So it was like, we're making music now. We're, we're, we're, we're, we're doing, we're this like, really cooking now and like really having fun. How Do you pick between 400 songs of what to put on an album? I like to stay up late making music till really late, till like the sun comes up and I get really inspired and I get my bongo drawn, just joking. Picturing you in there with a bongo drum. Like, let's go, let's go My djembe. And I just go till seven. No, but it's pretty much, yeah, we just like a bunch of music. We just have fun. And the way I pick the songs, oh my God. It's almost like, I always say like, you know, when you go in, like you, you put flowers together at a flower shop, it's like, why do you like those flowers?


Right? Yeah. And I think it's also like whatever goes together and it's like a bit like a fashion collection, just kind of putting it together. I do love it. One session I had had like a bunch of different people who like, didn't even necessarily make music. Like, I think at one time, like, like a, like a comedian ended up in there, this girl I love. And I was like, oh, this is fun. What you got? Like, I'm very like, I'm, I'm a hippie that way. Like if you were the, I would make you sing. No. Yes. I believe anybody can write a song. I've done that before. I've done like art. Wait, let's right Now. Well, how do you start? Let's do it now. Okay. How do you start writing a song? Like where does you even start? I'd be like, what's your favorite childhood vacation you went on? Ooh. Mm Shit.


Ooh. Like Disneyland, I Guess. See how it's got you in your field? Yeah. I'm like, oh my God. So we Start there. Okay. Disney. So like in a Disneyland. So what did you like about it? Oh, Just like the euphoric feeling of seeing these things come to life that I always saw on tv. Yes. Yes. Just like, so you'd be like, oh, like euphoria. Oh, everything's telling me a story. Yeah. Oh, seen it before. Yeah. Seen it before. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm how I write Fucking Chills. That's how I write. That's how I write Starts to song in two seconds. Yeah. Oh my. So then we'd go somewhere with it if I keep going. But yeah, I am fucking obsessed.


Yeah. I am not Okay. That you just say that. Thank you. Fireworks Above the castle. Blowing my mind. No, your boys. I can stay here every night. It's like, whatever Nelly. Me just being like, okay for the rest of the interview, just saying no. And then we call it Disneyland. Oh.


Have you ever had the best first date? And then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst. The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Megan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Lowe's knows what makes Spring Fest savings even better. Or member only Doorbuster deals. Right now rewards members can save $40 on an Allen and Roth Chesler Gold faucet was $99, now $59 plus save $110 on a Cobalt 40 volt battery trimmer and blower combo kit was 2 79, now 1 69. Lowe's, we help you save Bella through 3 24 while supplies last program. Subject to terms and conditions, details of lows.com/terms subject to change.


What is your stance on breakup sex? Oh, that's a good question. I mean, I think it's necessary at a certain stage. It's, let's be honest, aren't be honest on this show. We're being very honest today, Nelly. I think that's all we're doing. Come on. I love it. I mean it's all, it's like energy, right? You'll have to like, you know, squeeze the lemon. Oh my God, I love it. Right? It's like squeeze the lemon until the juice is gone. So that's what it's like. So then I'm one day like, well the Lemon has no more juice soap, no more breakup sex. Yeah, I think it's natural. That is the best. And I've wanna hear from other people too. Yeah, I think that's a great take.


I love that take, you know guys, right? Guys when they break up or something, they'll be like, yeah. Yes. Well, yeah, we might've seen each other once or twice, like last week. Literally. Literally. Okay. So are you single right now? Okay. You're single. What I'm dating though, like, I'm dating, but I'm dating different people. Oh, love. Yeah. Just like, yeah, you've got like a little roster going on. I mean roster, but it's like, I feel like that's derivative. Yeah. You like, I've got a, I like the, I've a plethora of options. No, I mean I call it the Flingationships Flingationships. So it's like, ooh. Like, it's like a potential. I'll say that I have like there's different potentialities and there's different like levels of like interest and just kind of, and romance in different areas.


I love this. I'll say, I'll describe it that way. Are you going on? So yes. I'm single again. Love. I've been single for a couple years. What is your ideal date? I went on a really nice date recently. Oh. Where? It was daytime. Okay. Yeah. We love that. Yeah, I kind of like, I think I recommend the daytime date for a first date because it's broad daylight. So the particular date, it was very hot, so it was like very sweaty, but that was unfortunate. I actually had boob sweat a classic where you were like, I know. Or just like D dinner, like that type of thing. I love being like, yeah, just kind of like chill. Yeah. Just going, going out for dinner. But I like the idea of dressing up for dates sometimes if it's appropriate.


But ironically, I like never have time, so I like get ready so fast. But, but I do like that idea. Yeah. Would you ever bring a Guy to one of your shows? I brought guys to my shows. Yeah. But it's like, it's not really fair 'cause they just go, oh my, ah, Right. They're gonna just like fall in love immediately. It's not, they're like, I love you. Well, because it's like, It's like, show me so different. Yeah. But it is cool because you get to show like what you do. True. You know what I mean? But they're immediately in love. I mean. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty awesome. The concert's awesome. Love. Like it's cool, You know, You see me go up there and do my thing like, oh my god. Yeah. So I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm strategic about inviting the win though, right?


It's not always like appropriate or the right setting, but For sure. But it's almost like, what would be like the best weapon in the weapon shed? What would be called like what would, like a machete, I don't even know. Oh, like a machete. The show is like a machete move. Yeah. You'd be like, come to my show. So like, you know, pull out the machete right away. You wanna time it out Anyway. What, I'm obsessed with you. What's your next question? You're Like, moving on. Oh my God, the machete is the show. Nelly the machete. No, I, yeah, I'm done. We're moving on. What are some non-negotiables that you're looking for in a partner? Like you're like, if they don't have this, I'm out. The self-work.


Yeah. For actual partnership, like long-term partner, I would want somebody who's worked on their self in an authentic way. Not in like a surface way, but like more like this, the spiritual side. Like a little bit of exploration there. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. But like authentically and also like some growth in that department. I would say maybe growth and like specifically like ego. I think, Let's just pause on That. We need some third eye coming into the mix. Wait, like It's, it's, it's when the ego is out of control, it's like it can, especially when you start dating a guy, you can first think it's confidence and like hot, but then all of a sudden you're like, oh, you're a dick.


But it, it's hard to tell. Yeah. You want somebody confident. Yeah. But confidence comes from I think a genuine good heart. You know what I mean? And I think, I think for partner you want somebody with a good heart. You want somebody nice. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I don't know why, but like sometimes we're attracted to, you know, people that aren't that nice. I know just like to, people watch how they talk to like the people you encounter like on your date or whatever when you're dating, like how they treat your friends, your family, if your friends like them, if your family likes them. All those big green flags. You know, sometimes We don't listen to our friends and like our friends at some point don't really care. Like they have no agenda other than wanting you to be happy. Yes. So when people, when you guys are trying to like math it in your head, like, well my friends just don't get it. They don't see that good side of him.


It's like, no, no, your friends just want you to be happy. They don't care. Listen to your friends. If they're like, he's a dick, there's a reason and they're only seeing a percentage, how crazy is that? And they can even see he's not a good person. But we rationalize in our head and It's lot of rationalization. Okay. Back to your music. You ended up taking a break from music. Were you nervous at all of like how people were gonna react with you coming back? I'm very lucky 'cause I got to tippy toe like very slowly into the waters and then things kind of lined up in a really cool way. So started with, I was already making music by the time I kind of showed up on stage after five years with Drake at event in Toronto. And I sang and it was like, Ooh, this is fun.


I realized, oh, maybe I have something new to offer this. I've worked on myself. I feel different. Maybe I'll be better at my job now. You know, I'm older, better, wiser, and that vibe. Then I started booking more shows. I booked a show in Australia where I met Dom Dala. Then we make this track and then we're playing it at Lollapalooza and Coachella and it's like crazy. And at his raves that he throws after his shows, like just the whole thing. So fun. So everything lined up so nicely that I was making my album while I was getting out there again. So it wasn't so scary. Right. It was baby steps. And that to me was a blessing. What did you learn about yourself from writing this new album? Oh my God. Wow. I learned that I've become an even better like producer and person who brings people together.


'cause I got to try new ideas. Like, I got to try like, like, like I have like, like like weird juxtapositions of people in Sounds on, on on my album. And I think that's just because, oh my god, I love people genuinely. I have such a curious mind. Yeah. Like I told you, like I'd love to have you in the studio and I want you to sing. So anyway, I'm more interested in like the craft of making it almost than the outcome. Does that make sense? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Interesting. Yeah, like I'm more into just like, oh the mad scientist part, you know, love. Right. So like, and I found such confidence in there this time around. I've always been confident, but this time I was more open-hearted. Like before I used to not like writing songs in front of people and now I don't care. I would just turn the mic on like this, have everything blast through the speakers. It feels like you're at a live show.


And then we just like hang out and have a good time. So I think I grew in vulnerability. That's amazing. Yeah. My vulnerability. Yeah. It's really incredible to see how your life has evolved and like you're such an incredible talented performer and producer and thank you. You've built an incredible family and you have these gorgeous children. Last question. What are you The most proud of with this new album as a whole? And like why do you want people to go stream it? Oh my God. I think the album has a lot of emotion. I think it has a lot of purity and if you just wanna escape, like if you just wanna feel like you know, the music that makes you feel something for real, I will humbly say that I think a lot of the songs do make you really feel something and make you really escape.


Can I? And I spent my time making it and I, I definitely think it's just really good quality music. Oh my God. Genuinely Natalie Ferdo. I, But of course I'm just thinking about what do I make now, right? Like I'm just never satisfied You, I mean you have 400 in the bank. Like meanwhile I'm like, it's high Stop. Would you ever pull the songs from the 400 and make another album? Yes. None of them or No. I'm working on my deluxe right now. Who is your dream collab? Dream collabo. I mean, I still, I still Think it'd be cool to have a song with Drake. I think people would love that. 'cause we're both Canadian. The lore, you know. Can we, the Toronto Lore, can you please? Yeah, that's our last request is yes. Anelli Ferdo, Drake song.


Putting in the Crust Now. Done. Yeah, I think it would. I think it would be really good. Thank you so much for taking the time and coming on today. It was truly a pleasure. You are even better hanging out with you in person. Thank you so much. Aw, thank you for having me. This was really fun. I had a good time. Yeah, I even cried.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.