
Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to take an adventure with rugged capability and commanding style. Check out the Honda Ridge line Pilot or CR-V for a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 pilot. 1.99% a PR on a 2025 ridge line, or a 2.99% a PR on a 2025 CR-V. See dealer for financing details.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent Lieb. Lnu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Hello. Oh my God. I feel like I know you. I know. I go. I've been so excited to meet you. Crazy. This is gonna be so good. Do you need anything? This Is crazy. No, I've literally helped myself to like free Prosecco from the Wait. What? I know there was I in my, I don't even know Guys. I didn't get offered any. What the, It was in a fridge. I just took it. You're like, let's go. Welcome To London, babe. Oh my God, I'm so happy to be here. What Are we at? We're swearing for this pod. You fucking little dirty cunt. I'm gonna slide a dildo up your pod.


You can say whatever the fuck you want. But I wondered like, are we gonna make drinks or whatever? 'cause I, I know no one offered me a drink, so I was like, I think guys, Can we get Alex? And So apparently Olivia's been drinking without me. I the bottle, I found it in a fridge. I was up. I might have paid someone to go to corner shop. It's upstairs in the fridge. There was four bottles and I just took a Tumblr. Okay, Ready? Yeah. Ready. Olivia Attwood. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Like That sentence just gave me chills by The way. Like I haven't got goosebumps. Wait, I love it so much. I'm so happy to be here in your presence. Really? Yes. Okay. I'm gonna give you backstory, okay. Because I'm gonna like, I'm gonna lube you up here, okay?


Okay. Pandemic. I'm sitting in my New York City apartment. I am so bored as we all are and I'm like, I need to find a TV show that I can like go and binge. Like I need to be here for days on end. And I find Love Island and I put on my social media and I'm like, what season do I start? Obviously UK. And everyone is like, you have to watch three or five. You have to watch three or five. And so naturally I'm like, I'm starting with three. I click on three. Your beautiful face pops up. And the entire season I was obsessed. You were so incredible. I was like, I need to interview this girl. And I thought this like over a year and a half ago to two years ago.


So naturally I flew 5,000 miles so I could sit down with you and interview Olivia Attwood. Woo. This is crazy. This is crazy to me. Like I've been a fan of the podcast forever. Stop. Like I swear to God, the Instagram everything. Aw that is, this is Wild Daddy Gang. Be nice to me. Oh, are you kidding me? They're gonna be, they are gonna be so nice to you. I've actually had people wanting you to come on the show for so freaking long. And I had reached out to your team and I think we had originally been like, we can just do a Zoom. I remember this a little bit. Yeah. I was like, are you fucking kidding me? I'm not doing a Zoom with Olivia Attwood. I hate Zoom as well. It's not the same. Like, well we can't drink Prosecco.


I


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit, when you're working out, I don't know for you guys, but like I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh, I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to workout in and look great in everyday life. You need to check out their Performance Jogger part of Yuri's Dream knit collection. The Performance Jogger is great for stretching or lounging. It is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance jogger's, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger. Like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends what are you putting up on top? And then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay, so if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts or even just for lounge? Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her Daddy. That's VUOR i.com/ Call Her Daddy exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well, guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay, so kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Let's go back a little bit. Okay? Okay. Because everyone knows you from Love Island and you were incredible on it. But before Love Island. Young, young Olivia. Not that young, but like, you know, not, I'm not saying she's like 10 years old doing this, but you were like so creepy. You were a grid girl. Yeah. Can you explain what is a grid girl? What was your job? What were you doing? I was a model but doing grid girl and promotion stuff to like fill the gaps, you know? And I was at this thing we have in the UK called like the touring car championships, just like pretty low key, whatever it was there. It was a miserable fucking day. It was like the north of England. And I was like, what am I actually doing? Like standing here with this sad little flag.


And then the monster girls were there with another team and one of the girls approached me and she was like, would you, you know, want to work with us? But you, when you work with Monster, you can only do like monster. You can't do like a bit of this, bit of that. So I said, yeah. And then, yeah, I started like a week after and I did that solidly for like, oh God, like four or five years. I was like a month ago. So it's everything. It's like all sporting events, like ski, skate, like track cars, motorbikes, it's, it's crazy. Obviously it's a, a bunch of hot girls. Yeah. And you're hanging out and naturally I can only imagine like the parties and the vibes. What is one of the wildest nights out you remember having during that time of your life?


They were always wild. Like it was, you know, the amount of times I turned up with on no sleep, like, I mean I, I was just a different animal back then. Like I couldn't do it now. Like I'd be in a Beatle position, like rocking, crying. Like I was, I could go out all night and then still look hot the next day. It was like, you know, it's like to be that age, just the dream. But people always say to me, oh, the riders, the drivers. But you know, like the thing is like Formula One drivers mo gp, they don't drink. Like really, they don't, they're like, they are like quite a weird breed. Like they're not super social. It's a very like, you know, isolated sport. So they don't really get involved in like, you know, partying and stuff. So it was more like I'd end up like the mechanics, like the, I didn't give a shit he was down to like drink with me and get messy.


I was all about it. Like I didn't care if you were changing tires earlier, you still grease on your hands if you wanna go and like, we'll pound a bottle of yoga, let's do it. Like I had no prejudice. I did good shit. I love that for you so much. Also I was, I was thinking about it because I've dated athletes before. I know you are engaged to one and so I'm thinking like, I forgot that concept. Like when you're younger you wanna go for these athletes, but it's almost like wait till you're like a little bit older because they don't fucking party. No. And they're so like, obviously dedicated to what they're doing and focused and nothing is gonna like, just disgusting. Oh my God. Imagine having dedication and, you know, self-control. Olivia and I are like, it's so annoying, so gross.


They won't party with us. Like, I don't comprehend it. I wanna get a vibe, Olivia, of like, how would you describe your dating life before Love Island? Give it to us. So I had a long-term relationship with just this, this piece of shit. But I, I was with him for like four or five years. It was like my first real thing and I was doing modeling and I was very obsessed with this relationship. And I, I almost, you know, I I, my modeling agency was so done with me 'cause I would flake on things 'cause I just wanted to be with him all the time. Like, I didn't even care to have my own money. I had no drive. It was a really good lesson for me. I learned, I'm so glad I had that kind of relationship at that young age.


'cause it taught me everything that I needed to know. Do you know what I mean? Like Yeah. To have your own money, to have your own independence. I just was obsessed and I was flaking on job stuff. He used to do this thing where he'd break up with me like on the Friday and be like, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm going whatever. Like, you know, I'd be all anxious and like I'd be a mess. And then on Monday he'd come back and be like, oh no, like let's work out. He'd just picked me up and dropped me all the time. So when like Monster actually gave me like a lifeline that, that time that I, I needed, it's weird. Everything in my life, I feel like with Love Island Monster, it's like the universe has like thrown me this like life vest. Like at that time it's like, 'cause doing Monster, at first when I, when I realized how much travel it was, I was a bit like, Hmm, I don't wanna like travel and be away from him.


'cause I was like obsessed for some reason. And it's like doing that and seeing the world and meeting new people, open my eyes to like, oh my God, there's just like massive world up there and you've made your world so fricking small. Like for what reason? So it kind of opened my eyes to how dire the situation I was in was. And then that broke down like for a good reason. But then following that my dating was like pretty erratic. Yeah. Like I just used to like, you know, go from one guy to the next. I jump in really feet first. Like I am all about that. I want them to obsessed with me. I wanna be obsessed with them. I wanna get tattoos on the second date. I want 'em to move in. Like I, my, you know, they could come to the second date with my name tatted on their head and I'd be like, I'm What?


Yeah. I'm literally, do you wanna go upstairs? My friends are like, that's insane. I'm like, I love him. Like yeah. So I love that that obsessive being in love. So I, I was always, you know, going kind of once the next chasing that feeling. Sometimes you have to go through those relationships. I don't know anyone that hasn't had that one obsessive relationship that borders unhealthy. Yeah. And it takes you having distance and space from someone to then be like, oh my God. And it may literally be like, you going away for your job a bunch. Yeah. And then all of a sudden you're like, wait, this shit is not healthy. Yeah. Whether you're like viewing your friends or the people around you and you all all of a sudden are like, okay, I need to like look at this differently. At One point I don't even think I had like my own debit cards. It was ridiculous.


Like I didn't, I literally, like when I say pulled the rug from under my feet, every time he like left me, I was like, you know, I was underweight and I was crying and I was just, I was just like, I was just, it was so unhealthy. Yeah. And I just, it just learning that at that age, like, you know, my late teens, early twenties was like, I think a really important lesson to learn. It just, I remember how I felt and I thought I'm never gonna let myself be in that situation again. Yeah. If Brad work walked out tomorrow, it would hurt. Like I wouldn't get over it in a day, but I could still get in my car that I own, drive somewhere, get my own house like I do. You know what I mean? I'm good. Yeah. Like I'd be heartbroken but I'm good. Totally. I'm not gonna be on my knees like I was with that situation.


I've been in one of those two and I think it's like, wait, if he left tomorrow, what happens? Yeah. Like, am I okay? Like again, heartbroken is different than like, wait, I literally have nowhere to live. No money, no friends, my family is gone because I distanced myself. Like checking those moments I think is Good. I was like distanced from everyone. Like friends, family, like completely isolated. Like so yeah. Monster was like, you know, it was, it threw me a lifeline and we had, I had the best, I traveled the world. This is my thing that I say is like, you know, people get on about gr girls or like, you know, ring girls and this Andy feminism, like who we've had men telling us what to do. Now we've got other women telling us what to do. If you feel empowered doing something and you are safe and you're in a, an environment like Monster is a safe, you know, is a very safe gig for me.


Who's anyone else to tell me what that empowered me. It changed my life. It threw me a lifeline, you know. Wow. That Is amazing. But at the same time, you know it, I couldn't, I did it for four or five years and you know, it start, I got to the end of my thing with it. You know, when you are working for a brand like that, it's you, there's not much individuality. Like, you know, you have to have your hair a certain way or nails a certain way. You do this that the other. And to towards the end, I, 'cause I felt like I was outgrowing it a little bit. I started pushing the boundaries like burning some bridges, you know, just like acting, like just acting out. Yeah. 'cause I started to be like, no, I'm gonna come with Red Nails. Like just for the fucking hell of. Right. That's actually really cool though for you to like, hear about the whole concept of how Monster helped you. Because I agree. I feel like so many people are so quick, especially with whatever women are doing, if anything has to do with your looks, they're like, it's degrading.


You're not empowering yourself. And it's like, hold on. Like why don't you ask me how I feel first. Thank you. And I feel like what the thing is, it's without this, how do I say this without it coming off really bad, obviously I, you know, think of myself as somewhat intelligent, but some girls, they're just, they just do wanna do their fucking hair and, and look pretty and that's might be their thing in life. And why can you tell them that that's not good enough or that's not empowering? Like what, you know, I'm not telling the girls that nasa Well you can't work there 'cause I'm not clever enough to work there. Like, let people do their thing. Like Yeah. Thank you for sharing that. You're so welcome. Love Island. Okay, so we're gonna, we're gonna go through a little bit of that. Okay. For people that don't know.


Also, I just want you to know, I only watched Love Island uk. I think it's entertaining. I haven't watched the Australia one have you? I, I dipped in a little bit, but not like properly. Is it as good? I don't think anything's as good as uk. It's not. It's just not. Okay. So for anyone who has never seen Love Island do, how do you describe like the concept of the show? Oh, It's like good looking girls and guys on an island dating, it's a game show. There's money at the end, but the, essentially it's like you get coupled up and you have challenges thrown at you and it's, it's a test. It's, you know, who can find a real connection. A connection real enough to take you to the final and may win that money.


Although it's weird with Love Island, like when you're in there, no one really talk gives a shit about the money at all. It's, yeah, it's the kind of like you wouldn't, you don't even need the money at the end, the money. It's just like a, a thing but it's, it kind of, yeah, no one focuses on that In a weird Way. I love that though because I was thinking about it. I feel like Love Island is so much more accepted and loved than consider like The Bachelor. It's like, it's not realistic that after six weeks you're going to get married. Like I love how Love Island is like are we gonna hit it off and are we gonna leave here together as a couple? Like that's so much more realistic. And obviously being in a house together and there's alcohol and there's nothing else to do other than Alcohol's like two glasses.


But yeah, No, but it is kind of, wait they would, would they limit you? Are you, are You joking? Wait, Are you joking too? My God. Wait, why don't I know this Two glasses on my series. Okay. I'm, I can't speak, I'm serious. We were all like balls to the wall. Crazy. So I, we might have been limited more than others but it, we had two glasses of wine a night or beer. That's shocking because I didn't realize none of you were hammered. So all That stuff I'm doing, I'm basically sober. I'm just, I'm supposed to be hammered with the fight scene happens. No, why I did they even have my drink yet? And then I went outside and the producer said, you're not getting anything tonight. I was like, oh you are joking. I was like, honestly I Swear I Was makes better.


Can You imagine if we were lick up it Fight Club? No, it actually would've been probably like not even arable because it would've gotten so wild. So the Reason is they say, 'cause I questioned them every day. So the point where they're like, if you ask about it again, you're gonna get a written warning is what I was told in the beach heart. 'cause I argued it every day. Is that the, the show is 'cause it's about dating, about love. They don't want people doing stuff, you know, driven by alcohol and the next day waking up being like, oh I don't actually like him. Only snogged him 'cause I was drunk. Because it's not that kind of show. It wouldn't make sense. They want people kissing and being in bed together because it's, they want to not 'cause they're drunk. Right. Which is so different I feel like than real life though. Because let's be real, I mean I've gone from living on my own since I was like 21 to you know, doing what I want to being told like, you know, you, you got two glasses of it was a real hard for my head like to deal with.


But Oh yeah. I feel like I would feel that way too. Okay, so that's a really good insider info. I did not know. So when you got there in your mind and your experience, like what was the atmosphere and energy on that set? Series three was the one that like blew up, right? Yes. So we had series one and two in the UK that were popular. So I was meant to go on series two. This is like the T right. Will give us how you were cast. Okay. Like tell me the T. So it's really like an eye rolling kind of like nausea anyways. But I was approaching Instagram, they DMed me. So series two they DMed me. I only watched little bits of series one. It, it was popular but really like no one was really talking about it. I was doing the monster thing. I'd started a thing off with this guy. It was like a rider whatever, like motocross thing.


And I was all about him. We'd done the tattoos and stuff after the second date. It was sweet. And then, well you Actually did, Yeah, I've got it still now. It's like a bit faded. But we did Is Brad like can we get rid of that? He's The most leg back guy ever. Practically horizontal. Like he's, he's got like the b, DE like you know, is that what Kim says? Like he's got that big, big energy K as shit. Like he's, Yeah. What is the tattoo Of? It's just his initial. Yeah I did it like this. Two weeks inside. Would Care if Brad had that? I don't think so. No. Really? I dunno. I would've cut it out him sleep, You're like no I wouldn't care. I would've just sliced it off during his time. Sleeping. Like what? Who Wakes up? Whatcha doing nothing. Also it's for everyone listening. Brad is Olivia's fiance. Yeah, that's my, okay, Great. Okay. So long suffering fiance, you Meet this guy, you get tattoo two second dates.


Yeah, We are all into it. They approach me, they're like, you know, so I went and I, I didn't, we were just dating so I was like, you know, I'll see it through, went to meet like interviews, whatever. Then they offered me on, I was all like, I was basically carrying it on as if I was gonna do it. And then it got to like literally I'm leaving in like two weeks and I was like, oh I dunno, like I've got a really good thing going. I like this guy a lot. This show is it a bit like, you know, I've seen all the kind of the program images with the colorful backgrounds and it was, no one had really thought it was cool yet. Yeah. So I was like, I'm doing something that I think is quite cool and I'm with this guy. So anyway, I just, I just ghosted, I just blocked everyone from basic ITVI was just And were they like Hello? Yeah, they were like calling and so I just panicked, blocked everyone.


I was like, it's gonna carry on my life. And then basically I was with him for a good like nine months or something. Anyway, he cheats on me, sleeps with this girl. I go like, how'd you find out? I had like a, you know, just like a sixth sense. I can't remember now. The exact You just knew in your gut. I just knew and I just, I honestly, I've meowed so much. I just went like I was, yeah I was quite crazy. Wait, what did you do? You have to tell someone, Call Her Daddy Olivia. Like wow. I was just like writing on my Instagram like wild stuff. Like ugly pictures of him. Like look at this piece of shit that cheated on me. I was just like, stuff that, it's a shame 'cause I could never do that now. 'cause people would be like, oh like you can't, you know, I just really enjoyed being like a nobody, you know, like just say what I, once I was calling up his work nonstop, I was just insane.


I was just literally my mom, we were shopping in London when I found out my mom's like wrestling me like in self, just trying to get the phone outta my hand 'cause I'm doing so much damage. She's like, you need to stop. You need to stop. I'm like, I can't. And she's like, it's all for the better. I'm like, no it's not. I'm like, can't believe he's done this to me. No, I get that feeling though. You're like, he needs to feel a little bit of the hurt that I felt. And so I get that. I get that. Yeah, I just, I just went, I re indulged myself. I treated myself to a proper meltdown. Absolutely. Like I really did. I was like smashed at 4:00 PM rolling around London, just like ringing up his work. Just fucking crazy. I love that. Rang his mom. That's a good one. Just everything. I'm like, your son's a piece of shit. And she's like, oh yeah, good luck with life.


And then I saw this advert, I I, I swear again, it's like a whole universe moment. I saw this advert like casting for love behind, it was on like a bust up or something. Two, like seasons three. And I thought I should have done that last year. So I go on my phone, I find these people from Love Eye and I unblock a couple of them. I just ring them up, don't I? I just rang them up, shout to Lewis. He took the call. I was like, hi. I was like, do you remember me? And he was like, yes, you're the girl that disappeared. Like, and I was like, well I was like, I would love to have a chance to go on the show. Like can't even keep a straight face saying it. And he was like, I dunno what the execs are gonna say. They're probably going to tell you to like take a run and jump. He's like, but I will speak to them.


It's quite late in the day for like, see I, you know, they think they'd already cast most people. And I just hung up. I was then got all my feelings like what am I doing? I don't wanna do Monster anymore. Like, this guy's loser. And and he called me back like the next day and he's like, you can come on if you leave in two weeks. So literally that was it. I went like on a mad like Zara Hall, like other brands are available and just got all the bikinis dresses and like two weeks later I was gone. So once you got there and you were hanging, what was do you think the biggest key to success on Love Island? So my thing going into it and I, you know, I'm really open about this when I had nervous feelings about going in, I thought the worst thing you can do on these kind of shows I think is go in be booted out in week one.


And no one even remembers you were there. Like, what was the point? Like I've left Monster, they're not gonna have me back. I've burnt all those bridges. I've left my modeling agency. I've, you know, screwed off the guy that I was saying like, I felt like if I'm gonna do this, I have to do this properly and I'm gonna make sure everyone knows that I'm in the building. Like that was my main thing. And I really, you know, I just thought I'm gonna, I, I thought to myself when I get in there, I'm gonna forget those cameras. I'm just gonna do it how I would live life. But it is crazy. Like I know everyone says it but like after like 24 hours you really forget. Like you really forget you are being watched. Oh my God. Like, you know, there were certain members in that villa who maybe were slightly more canny and were, you know, more self-aware.


I've always been unselfaware. I'd like to say like if you put me in now I know that they get how many billions of viewers a night that I would behave a different way. I probably wouldn't. 'cause I can't, I, I cannot be anything but a hot mess. I always talk about on my show, like guys self-awareness is so key and Olivia's walking and be like, I am so unselfaware. Ah. Can you give us examples of what you mean by that? Because you don't see, I get what you're saying of like the hot mess. You look great put together. Right now you're speaking eloquently, but what do you mean by your unselfaware? Just, I, I, you know, I hate this expression but you know like wear your heart and your sleeve. I'm very like if I feel something or I don't like something, I don't like someone I can't help but kind of either my face says it on my mouth says it, one of them is gonna say it.


Like I can't, you know, I can't be a wallflower despite trying at times trying, it's like verbal diary. I feel like I'm literally like chewing my lips and it's, I just can't. Did you get in trouble for that a lot when you were younger? Oh Like, oh my God. My mom used to say to me like what is this? Oh I'm a DH adhd. Which I know now, which explains a lot. But at school I used to do the weirdest shit and then get in so much trouble and then I'd cry on the way home. My mom would be like, well why did you do that? And I'd be like, I dunno. I dunno. I literally dunno. Okay, well it made for really great reality tv. Okay, so wrapping up Love Island. When you look back, what did you learn about yourself during your, after filming that entire experience?


If I watch her now, like, you know, I watch myself on Love Island. I was quite angry, you know I was, you know, my back was up. Yeah. Like I was looking for an argument all the time. I think I've mellowed and I think it's not, there's nothing I would've done differently 'cause that's who I was at that time. And hindsight and age, I'm a lot more relaxed now. I wouldn't get wound up about those kind of things, but that's who I was then. And also it is like everything that has happened in my life is as a result. If I'd gone in there like, you know, medicated in the corner, like not talking, then I wouldn't be sitting here with you now. Totally. So I think that's such a good answer because I, I relate to that where like I started my show and I was 10 times crazier saying shit that probably like maybe wasn't at the T.


Now I look back, I'm like, I would never fucking say that now. Yeah. Like I don't know if I would say that about a guy or a girl now, but I think it's like that's growth, right? And people are like, no, like you can't change. I'm not saying I changed, I just groan. Yeah. And I have a different outlook on like the way I was when I was younger and there's different reasons why you did what you did on that show. And if you went in there, you'd still be loud and rowdy but you wouldn't maybe come off like in certain ways like you did in the past. A hundred percent. 'cause you don't have that like baggage of those men fucking you over like you did when you were going in. Yeah.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high-tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See Dealer for financing details. Exclude civic si and type R


Congratulations of the new docuseries getting filthy rich. Yeah. First of all, I just have to ask you like how does that even feel? This is you. Like I'm already having massive imposter syndrome even being here with you, but that's just tipped me over the edge. I now feel like I'm sitting in someone else's board. No, no. Own it because you're a boss. Like it's incredible. So I want to just explain, I got an advanced copy of the first episode and so to anyone listening this show follows Olivia on her journey as she participates in various ways people use their body to make money on the internet. In the episode I saw Olivia Dives dives into the world of OnlyFans. She creates a profile and interviews a number of content creators to see what really goes on behind the scenes with people making money on OnlyFans.


Okay, I have to check myself like I'm, let's check ourselves, how do we look? Okay. Had you ever considered doing OnlyFans prior to creating the series? Not in a serious way. I think I'd thought about it because I had heard this thing. People kept saying to me, oh you should make can I, there's photos that you pose. You should, you could make loads of money on OnlyFans kept hearing that again and again and again. So I was intrigued thinking is it as easy as that? Right. So that was more, I think, you know, I think take me back pre love island, like you know, grid Girl, Olivia, she probably would've done OnlyFans right. Do you know what I mean? But me right now where I was, I was more just intrigued as it as simple as Right.


It sounds it sounds way too good to Be true. Totally. Is is OnlyFans what started it for you? Or like what, how did the show come about for you? I think we were, you know, I was really looking to get into like docuseries world. Obviously being from reality tv, like you can be obviously put in a box and I'm happy with that box. I actually love reality TV and I've got no like desire to be like it's the worst thing and get me out that box. But I was interested, I feel like, you know, on a good day when I'm sober I've got a quite decent brain I can articulate myself like to a certain degree. So I thought I definitely have more springs to the table. So yeah, we were talking with different networks, different ideas and when this one came up I thought that's a really good fit and I'm genuinely fascinated.


So it's gonna be like, you know, exploring that area, it's gonna be a genuine Interest. Absolutely. And I feel like in, I know I only saw the first episode but like it translates like I was talking about it with my team and we were like, this is exactly what you were meant to do in terms of like, I don't know many people that could have handled it as gracefully and respectfully but also made it so fun as you because it is like a sensitive topic and definitely another woman needs to be in that room. But also someone that's like willing to see both sides and be a part of the experience. I thought it was really cool. So you get on OnlyFans in episode one, what was The most difficult aspect of being on OnlyFans fans?


The 24 hour aspect of it. Like I didn't, I really thought it was something where the way it was sold to me, you know, from people I spoke to was you make the profile, you stick the p the pictures on and the money just comes in. That's not how you make money. The money's made in the dms. Like the constant communication. It's like the girls that are making the big money, they are on the site 24 hours a day. Like, you know, talking to these people respond and when you don't respond 'cause they've paid to be on your page, they just hound you like question mark, question mark. Like, you know, like where are you? Like, you know, I was like quite taken back by that at first. I was also, because again, I think that's why I loved how you're peeling this layer back of like everyone listening, if you don't have OnlyFans, we all kind of have this idea in our head right, of like, you're right, right.


The girl has the profile, she posts some photos, she gets money. And in this episode it was so fascinating and everyone needs to go watch it because it really gives this inside look of how hard these women are working. Like when you were like, wait, so what would happen if a guy is gonna pay you like a thousand dollars to sext him and you're out? And she was like, I would go to the bathroom and I was like, oh shit. Yeah. Like it never stops. No. And I could see you were kind of like, wait, this is giving me anxiety, having this many messages on my phone and these people kind of thinking they have like a claim over me of like, hi, like you owe me something. Yeah. Did you feel empowered while on OnlyFans? I don't think I did because I had the account obviously for documentary purposes.


So it, it was my own, but I also, I couldn't take like ownership over because, you know, 'cause I was trying to find that line of like, you know, I'm using it and I'm seeing how it works to do, you know, justice to this show. But also it is not mine in the sense where I'm gonna engage in like, I'm not gonna say nude out because they'd be out there forever. So it was, it was hard for me to, you know, land in a place where it felt like I was in control I guess. Because you know, these people subscribe, they want nudity, they want like, they don't want bikini pictures. Like that's, that's the biggest myth I think. You know, I think if you are already famous, whatever you can monetize your bikini underwear, pictures for a certain amount of time, a limited amount of time and then you're gonna have to do more or it's just gonna die out or you're gonna be earning not enough to like live off.


I Think that's also insightful 'cause I feel like I've heard a lot of people like, oh I'm just gonna post some of like my bikini photos on there and no one really talks about how it lasts for two seconds and then people get annoyed. It's like, well take your top off well blah blah. And there's a lot of, it feels like pressure on the site that I don't think a lot of women are prepared for. A hundred percent. I think and it, you know, the temptation is like, it is crazy, you know, the dms start coming through like, you know, 500 quid for, it's a picture of your nipples and it's like if you were in a situation where you need 500 quid, like how easy would it be just to, and I think there's a disconnect isn't there, between doing something in real life and doing it with your phone. Yeah.


Where like you could just do it and send it and there's the money but then it's like it's gone and you can never bring it back. That is interesting. And I think for, and I, I, you know, I, it sounds like I said that with judgment 'cause I have, you know, you can see what, I have no judgment, but I think the danger is that I think for some girls it's absolutely gray and they kill it and that, you know, every, every downside of it, like the preconceived notions that like, you know, they're a whore or they're promiscuous, they, they, it's water for duck's back. But for a lot of girls they can't like, and they find themselves in these, on this site and they weren't expecting the pressure and they maybe succumb to pressure that they weren't gonna, you know, they go in there saying I'm gonna do X, Y, Z and they end up doing more and then you know that feeling of regret and shame.


Yeah. And I think that's sad, you know? Totally. I felt like in the episode you did a really good job of meeting with like a multitude of people showing the difference. Like there were some people in this episode that had such a niche like way about going about it. Like whether it was the fitness woman Yeah. That was doing fitness and then sometimes naked while doing fitness. And it's like she kind of had her angle and she felt, I think it appeared empowered because she was doing something she loves, which is working out and then just monetizing the hell out of it. Then there were some other girls that were kind of like, I started and I just kind of started like with just underwear, pictures and then, and then it starts where what is the boundary and they've crossed it for themselves and then I'm sure it feels like there's no going back.


Yeah. Did you feel like when you were around all these women, did you feel like they appeared to be empowered by what they were doing? I think it was a mix, to be honest. I think some very much yes and some not so much. Like, you know, I always, it was my thing when I went back talking about the grid girl thing, it's like the whole feminism argument. It's like who is anyone else to say what empowers someone? If someone's telling me this makes me feel as an empowered woman, more power to you. Like totally get it. Like totally a hundred percent. But I think there was some that I met with and definitely over the other films like, you know, the porn episode and Sugar Babies, again, we, we, you know, I meet both sides.


I meet people that I can see are really struggling with that lifestyle choice and others that are thriving. Yeah. So I think it's just, it's not for everyone and totally the thing that was going into it in the whole, you know, it is like a cheeky title at How to Get Filthy Rich. But the idea was to see like, is it actually that easy? 'cause we all do it. I do that thing where I'm like, or I'm doing something, I'm like, oh I'm just gonna quit and do OnlyFans. I do something easy. Like, and then you realize that, oh shit. Like it's not easy. Like, which I think is great, especially for women that this show is coming out because I do think it's going to put a stop to that comment. Yeah. 'cause I so agree with you. People are like, oh fuck this, I'm gonna quit my day job and go do OnlyFans. And it's like, I don't think people understand the gravity of that comment because of how much not only goes into it actually physically, but also mentally seeing these women, there's just like a lot behind it that I think you're doing a great job of capturing.


It's, For me it's like every job, right? You do in the world has like this added tax, right? So if you are, you know what I do, I'm, you know, showing every part of my life has a ta you know, Instagram has an emotional tax. It makes me feel, sometimes I feel judged, I feel stressed. Or if you work in this city and you are there like, you know, six days a week, 10 o'clock at night, you don't see your kids. That's a tax. So does this, like this is not, does not come without the downside, you know? Yes. Like the judgment. And I think, you know, these sites and you know, you'll see in Cam Girls episode as well, it's like the, the, it is a hiding place for men as well to like express some pretty weird shit. Like, and these girls have to read this stuff, hear this stuff with no one to really help them like break down the terrible things they've either said to them or they asked them to do.


Right. And some of the things that I heard were just absolutely like shocking. Like, you know, the fact they have to read these messages and then just get on with their day. And how does that then affect their relationship with, you know, other straight men in their lives. Right. 'cause what I think is so interesting is whole online sexual economy debate. We're all so focused on the girls. Like the girls who are doing OnlyFans, like oh my god, they're the worst. But it's our dad's brothers colleagues who are buying the shit. No one's worried about them. They're the ones asking for them to do XY they stick this up your ass. They're not like these mythical creatures that come up from the sewers. They are the men in our lives. I love how you're saying that as much as it may pain people. You're right.


It's like, it's true though. It it's your dad, it's your brother because the man doing it is someone's son is someone's dad is someone's hus. You know what I mean? But We don't have a problem with them. We have a problem with the girls providing the content. But we we're talking about millions of pounds a year. This isn't like a niche, this is like the majority of men not all right. The majority. It's really interesting. Talking about Cam Girls, I was interested 'cause I obviously haven't seen the episode, but can you explain what a camgirl is and how it's different from participating on OnlyFans? So for me, when we were sitting down going to make the show and we talked about what the different episodes would be, I was like, oh Cam Girls, I think, I dunno if you have it in the States, like Baby station know the tv, the channel where they've got the phone and yes.


I was like, is that even a thing anymore? It felt very nineties. That's what I thought. It's the kind of thing that I would flick onto when I was younger and like the whole telling be like, oh my God. Like so, but it turns out it's still like big money industry and this is like, you know, we went, I spent 24 hours at a studio where it's on the phones but it's also on like webcam. So they kind of like, they log on and they pay to be on like the stream and the girls there and then they can call the phone, the girl will take the phone. So it's like they can either do it from their home or in the studio, but it's contained to like the site. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Did you find that most of those women have OnlyFans or no? A lot. Yeah. Not all but most. Okay. Because it is just a no brainer.


But a lot of the girls who work in the site, they maybe have OnlyFans and they just like kind of dip their toe in it because they do the camming because they're, they like the fact that they log on for like a camming shift for like five, six hours and then they, they go and they leave and it's done. Whereas like, oh, OnlyFans never leaves you alone. It's constantly, you know, it's on your phone. You never get a break. That's so interesting. So they find like doing the camming or going to a studio and being a camgirl, it's, it really, it's at work and then literally like clock off, go home and they've got kids and normal lives and husbands and they just leave that and then the next day they go back and they go back to work. That makes sense. 'cause the OnlyFans episode really you like again, you guys have to go watch it 'cause you feel how it's an every day, every minute of your life thing.


Where now I'm ex now I understand because I'm like, why would a girl do cam girling if it's only fans? You can do it from home. There is a boundary. Yeah. Do you know like which Cam Girls, obviously we haven't seen the episode yet, but like the idea of it, like who would make The most money? Like what kind of version of camming In what sense? Like, Is there, are there different things that girls do that you can make like a different tier in camming? I mean The like, it's insane. One thing of across all episodes you'll see is like this and I, I really wanna sit down like with a clinical psychologist and pick this apart. 'cause there has to be a reason. Yep. This feet thing, right across every single episode, there's this undercurrent about feet. So the girls in the C street, the ones who are like great at the feet chat, who can like d dangle the sotto on their big toe, like do all the fake killer because literally six out of 10 calls will be about feet.


What The fuck is up with men and Feet? I dunno. But we need, I need to get to the bottom of That. I do too. We should honestly call this like, I'm gonna call my therapist right now and be like, hi, what The fuck is up there? Has to be like some, so something like Freudian nightmare because these all the way through. Yeah. Okay. You talk about sugar babies, what was the biggest misconception you had about sugar babies? There is always an exchange. Maybe for sex. For money. Mm. And I met girls, you know, and people might roll their eyes and met all bullshit. No, these girls are like honest with me. Like there is arrangements where it's not sexual, it's just dinner. Yep. Like, or it's just company or it's some of them, it's not even in person, it's just talking and he might, you know, pin them like 500 quid or whatever.


Right. So I thought, who the hell is gonna give someone money? Do you know what I mean? For nothing basically. Yeah. Oh yeah. I've heard of people also. Like I had a friend that did it and it was just to go to dinner and just to basically be his date. And I'm like, eventually is it gonna progress to sex? Eventually they, they do kind of ask, I think, but like for a while you can kind of stay in that gray zone. Which again kind of reminds me of the OnlyFans thing. Yeah. Where like you can stay in this gray zone for a little bit of like, I'm comfortable with this and then someone's gonna ask, and then you have to know like how to set that boundary for yourself. A hundred percent. And I think one of the girls I've met, she, you know, she'd had this arrangement with a guy for like three, four years. You know, she's never had sex with him.


And she said, it's all about your approach. Like from day one you set that you, it is the way you approach the situation. That you approach that guy and you let him know that. And I think that's, you know, where experience, age, everything comes into it. Same with OnlyFans, I think, you know, you have to be a very strong person to be like, this is my boundaries and I'm not gonna move. Whereas I think if you approached it and you're not really sure what you are gonna, your angle is, and it's easier for someone to maybe coerce you Totally. Because you don't even know yourself. But I think What did you find is the hardest thing about being a sugar baby? I think maybe just living in that limbo land. You know, it's like you don't have a boyfriend but you're not single and, and they, and essentially they are the one handing out the money.


So you have to kind of, you know, I guess, I mean, it depends how much money we're talking, you know, a lot of the girls, it's like, it's hard for them to have a normal job and be a sugar baby because some of these guys want them with them all the time. All. And then, you know, I think some of the girls I spoke to, it's like, it's great if you've got a great thing going, but if he just like drops you like that you can go from living this like, unreal lifestyle. That's where it's like being smart. Like, you know, getting the allowance, banking the money. Whereas like, I think if you're younger and just like living life and spending and then he's just like, oh, bye. You could be like, ah, I can't afford my apartment and I can't afford my car. Like, It's a very fine line of like thriving and succeeding and using the system and kind of like doing your thing with it. But you have to know like a hundred percent this takes way more work than we give these women credit for.


Oh. Like they are straight up hustlers. Like if you, the girls that do it, right, it's like, it's a, it's an art form at, at the peak. Like, you know, like you say, it's like, it's like any relationship when you're young or like, you know, you're not thinking straight, you don't set your boundaries, your standards. So that means the standards and the, it's just all a mess. Like, so it's like anything you have to go in and be like, this is what it is. Totally, totally. This is what I want from you. This is what I'm gonna give you. It's Like we literally, we need someone to like that's done this, to like create a crash course. Which I kind of think you're in a way, this is like the beginning of it because by you peeling this layer back, it's giving people kind of that like introduction of what the world will be if you are interested in it.


And I think for a while there hasn't been that. So women are just blindly going into it 'cause they're just have money on the mind, which I so get. Yeah. Who doesn't, but it's like there's no idea of like how far it's gonna go and what's gonna happen. Because I think what I love about this show is that it's like an immersive documentary, but it has heart and it has humor and we're not coming at from an angle. Whereas I think other shows that have looked at these subjects are coming from like a slightly judgmental, it feels kind of like seedy. I don't think there's anything wrong with, you know, dating someone for like financial gain or you know, life experience or you know, whatever it may be for travel. Like what the hell?


You know, if you're two consenting adults you are, you're not hurting anyone. What does it matter? Yeah. But I think like you say like young girls need to and I think this is what this show is nice. 'cause it's very balanced. We are not glorifying anything. It's, the girls are really honest. They're like, I'm make you know Bonnie, she's like, I'm making 250 grand a month, my best month. But it's a heavy load to carry. Like it is not just as easy as that, you know? Totally. I know I haven't watched it yet and we're all going to see it. But you also experienced the PornHub world. Mm. What was your approach for that episode? Were you nervous? I was excited. Oh yeah, I was excited. I was like, I actually think I say in the beginning of episode I was like, I've only seen one penis for the last couple of years.


I was like, let's see it. So I was excited to like see some willies and like just be amongst it and also just as someone that's like, you know, everyone's watched porn but to actually see how it's made. Yeah. How was that? What was that like? Like ju I mean obviously I went to an orgy one time. I'm like giggling 'cause it is, you know when it's right there in the flesh. But it's just, it is also different to how you imagine it to be. I can imagine. Imagine like I learned like the come shot, you know like on the thumbnails and the website. That's like gavascon. Do you have Gava Scott? It's like a like heartburn medication. They just throw it over the girl's face. Not even semen stop. I swear at the beginning of the shoot they'll sit there and they pour like this heartburn medication or something like goofy and they position it all perfectly and they do all the photos.


Yeah. 'cause I was thinking like actually when you think about it now it makes sense because like who has like that much semen and also the positioning of it's always like perfect, perfect. Then they wipe it all off. Then they do like, then they'll do still shots, then they'll plan out like you are gonna be there doing doggy. It's just mental. Like it's a full production. Full production. Which I think is nice to hear. And I'm glad that you're kinda like breaking down that wall again. Because I know when I was like, I'm gonna get a facial from this guy's penis and he's gonna go all over my face. And I remember the first time it happened, it went right in my eye and I fully was like blackout, like couldn't see like was just like fucked for the rest of the week. And I'm like, wait, why does it look like this on porn? Because it doesn't actually fucking happen. That Doesn't happen like that.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to take an adventure with rugged capability and commanding style. Check out the Honda Ridge line pilot or CR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 pilot. 1.99% a PR on a 2025 ridge line or a 2.99% a PR on a 2025 CR-V. See dealer for financing details.


What, why are people do you think still shooting for porn sites if OnlyFans exists? We had this kind of, that was like a question that went throughout that film and ultimately is that there is still a demand for high production value porn. People still like it, you know? Yeah. OnlyFans I think is like your impersonating intimacy. You know, it's that intimate thing, the back and forth, the messages, you know, giving someone that like personalized experience. Whereas porn is much more, you know, a fantasy. It's costumes. It might be right in a style that someone, you know, like they do the sci-fi shit and whatever. Like it's a different, it's a completely different thing I Think. But aren't women in porn not making as much As Oh sorry you meant the actors?


No, no. That was actually helpful too. Oh yeah. So a lot of them are doing both. Oh okay. Now. But the thing is with the bigger porn stars, they might have like really big contracts with like a browsers or you know, digital playground or something and they're like on really good money. So it's, and I think, you know, some of them have like no OnlyFans policy. You know, if you, you have that contract. Wow, okay. I know obviously that the money you can earn is a lot more in the states than it is in, you know, the UK in terms of porn and stuff. But yeah, the bigger porn stars, I think they stick to their like it's like a trade isn't it? Yeah. Like, you know, they, it's like there, it's a skill they've, you know, and they have, they make really good money so they, and all they have to do is go and maybe shoot two films a week and get like the big check.


Whereas what they'd have to do in OnlyFans to make the same would be way more laborous In your episodes and through your experience, like did you find any women struggling with knowing if they wanted to stay in porn or not? I met a GI met a girl who was a girl Alex, who was, she'd done OnlyFans and she was wanting to move into porn and she, to me was someone who seemed really unsure. It, it filled, it filled me with a lot of anxiety after I met her actually. And she went and she did like a, I think like a hand job, video, whatever. And she hated it and then she realized it wasn't for her. And I was like, thank God that you did that and not something else. So you could make that decision.


I, I spoke to you, the girls who were like regular pawns. I was like Scarlet, I spoke to like a lot of the really professional shoots. They will have like a check sheet at the beginning. So they'll be like, they'll go through it, the stars. So it'll be like anal tick or strangling. She could like, no don't strand. Oh okay. And they x and tick everything. That's like a yes or a no. And then that's like the print. Like no one strays from that. She said don't touch my asshole. So he can't or vice, do you know what I mean? That's okay. But then she said she, you know, she'll go to shoots where like they don't do the checklist and it's just a bit of a free-for-all. So she, you know, there is, you know, I think there is risk involved. Yeah. I think that's why OnlyFans as well is appealing to a lot of sex workers because you know, it's, it takes away that risk doesn't it, of having to interact with other people. Absolutely.


Yeah. Which episode was your favorite to create and why? I'm gonna surprise everyone this I think, but Cam Girls I think is my favorite episode. Purely just, it's a really hard one 'cause it's, it's like they love them all. It's like my babies. But Cam Girls, the girls I met were just, I, they, I really, I dunno, I just connected with them. It was just so much heart and they were so open with me and it was such a diverse like kind of range of girls who like go to this studio, do this job, which is just so crazy to a lot of us. Like, you know, and then they go home and they're mothers or they've got other jobs and it's just like there's so much more than what people would pigeonhole them as.


And I just loved it. I loved being at the studio. Yeah. I love being with the Girls. What was the studio like? Just are they in a room by themselves? It's like This big studio and it's like, like sectioned down all the way it's open right? And each booth is like different colors or different themes and the girls are all in there on the phone and the WebCom. And so when you are on an evening when I was in there, it's just a room of like sex noises, dirty talk, like all competing over each other. But they say like they can hear each other a bit But it's not that loud. But to me It was like, how can you even think straight? 'cause it's like literally I'm talking like, you know like when you go to a photo shoot and then use those polystyrene? Yes, exactly. That's what's separating each thing. Wow. And It was, My head when I left that night was like spinning.


I was like just listening to everything. The phone's ringing right? I answer the phones this guy and he's like panting down the phone. I was like, this is, Did you talk to someone? Yeah, I was like giving him all the chat and then I just couldn't and I, I froze. Wait, give us a little preview. Give a, I was like, hey baby, are you horny? And then the GI dunno why I'm doing an American accent. That's just what came out. I feel like if you're gonna do a porn voice, it has to be American. Even wait really? Yes. And like, oh I didn't think about that. That's Because I just feel like most porn you watch is Give me your best American. Hey baby, are you horny? Do you wanna Fuck? Was that not like, Hey, hey daddy. Hey Daddy Gang. Yeah, we're like getting so nasty like Daddy Gang.


That's really interesting too. Did you find a lot of these women in the cam world were like friends Or did was it kinda like do my work, get outta There? No, but I think that's why I like, that's why I kind of got emotionally involved with that place 'cause they were like, it's like a bit of a sorority vibe. Like they was all like, and what was made me feel nice is that and the thing which I think makes doing OnlyFans or coming from home really hard, if they got a call and some guy asked them like to do some terrible thing, you know, if people call up and ask like disturbing things like will you pretend to be like my sister or my mom and I'm gonna rape you. It's just horrendous. And they have to like mentally like process the fact that that is an actual human being out there in the world. Having these thoughts. They then have each other to lean on.


They can be like, I just had this call and they all can relate. Whereas, you know, other girls who are doing OnlyFans and maybe their other girlfriends aren't doing OnlyFans, if they ring their friend who works like as a dental hygienist, I'm like, someone just ask me to stick a remote control up my ass. Like she's gonna be like, can't relate. Like yeah. Like She work babe after that. Yeah, well yeah, gotta go into a meeting. Just I can't Help you. Whereas I think it's, for them it's like being around other girls who are doing the same thing and they can all relate to each other. And That's amazing. And I think it's, it's just cool to hear that because I can imagine at times the OnlyFans world can be a bit isolating and lonely because the perks of shooting at home Sure are great. Yeah. But then being alone, you're like, what the fuck? And it's all about the numbers and it can be quite competitive I think.


Totally. And they obsessing over. Yeah, Totally. So you really immersed yourself in each of these episodes. Was there ever a specific moment where you felt uncomfortable? Do you know what it is? What was hard For me it's like I am open, I'm pretty liberal. Like I, you know this, it's hard because there's stuff that I would do if I wasn't like live from love island. 'cause I'm, I'm, I was trying to always walk the line of like, I wanna do this documentary, I wanna be immersive, I wanna get my hands dirty. But I also want people to like not get confused. I don't want this to become about me. So if I, you know, I was thinking on OnlyFans, I wanna post something more sexy to like see how that, but then I'm thinking the only thing that will happen is then that photo of me will just get pulled out of there, put in British tabloids out of context and then it's not gonna become about what it's about.


Right. So it was me trying to be really immersive without going to a point where people get distracted and they're just worried about what I'm doing. Oh my God, she's got a kid off. Or oh, you know, yeah, I'm sure there's, when the show comes out, you know there's gonna be, you know, I do the sex call and whatever and people are gonna, you know, I'm, I was an extra and a pa and all this shit and I loved that. But it's like, yeah, it was just finally trying to find the right, right. Wait in the porno, do you get naked? No. Okay. But see I maybe would've like got, you know, I wouldn't have like went Topless or something. But yeah, I don't know. Really big camp for who I am now. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause it would've been, people would've been like, oh, you know, she's just, yeah. And again, it's almost like the whole thing, I'm doing this documentary and I'm, I'm wanting to like break down these walls of like stigma and the way we pigeonhole women.


And then I'm the, I'm there. It was like a head fuck. 'cause I'm like, well I can't go in my underwear too many times. And people be like, well she's not really a presenter 'cause she's constantly naked. So it's like, and now I'm feeding the same stigma myself. So interesting myself just like a matrix. Yeah. I, when I was watching episode one and with the OnlyFans, there were, when two of the girls were shooting on the side, you made a comment and you were like, oh my God I have this, like, I'm feeling like this maternal instinct towards these girls. What, why did you feel that? I think I, I know the thing you're talking about. It just, those two girls were so young and they, you know, I don't wanna sound patronizing. They probably like would think, oh fuck off, we're fine. Like mind your in business grandma. Like do you know what I mean? When I was their age I would've been thinking, I'm literally making money.


But I just think I just, I saw especially more in one than the other age was like, I just reminded me when I was her age and I was so like ambitious and I reckless and she might be way more mature than I am and she might do this for the next 10 years and smash it. And I hope that is the case. But you know when someone's a lot younger than you as a girl. Yes. And I just looked to her, I dunno, I just, just, I just felt it. She was talking, reading out some messages you'd have from guys that were like pretty hardcore, like really emotionless. And I just thought, I hope that you are okay. Yeah. Yeah. Like I hope, do you know what I mean? I, I just, and that sounds really fucking patronizing but that I, that's me being really honest of how I felt in that moment. I'm not, you know, I appreciate that And no judgment.


I just, it's like more of like a big sister feeling. I want it to be like Yes. I mean I felt it while watching it 'cause I was like, oh my God. Like I just wanna make sure because there maybe aren't guidelines of when that one girl mentioned like this guy like sent me my address and said I know where you live. I was like, when it comes to safety of these women, that's where I get really nervous. And I think that's something that's not talked about enough is like sure we can glamorize all of it that the media does but like this show is helping because you're hearing from their mouth. Yeah. Not other people that gossip of like what their day to day is the truth. But like you say, it's like taking out the shadows. Like your friend wants to have a sugar daddy fine, but she needs to feel like she can tell you and where she's going rather than sulking off like into the darkness and not tell and putting themself in danger and being judged.


Yes. If they feel like safe and it's, it is accepted, they can tell they're felt. I'm gonna drop my pin. You can check that, you know, I'm safe. 'cause it's like a murky world. It Is. Which of the four ways selling essentially your body on the internet seemed like the healthiest and safest option. Oh god. That's really hard because I feel like it's just down to the individual. Some people, you know, being a sugar baby just wouldn't work. Whereas, you know, other people being on, I couldn't spend that much time on my phone. I, I hate how much time I spend on my phone as it is like doing Instagram and stuff. But I could not be that logged into a website.


You know? So it's, yeah I think it's person to person. Yeah, that's interesting 'cause it's like if you are a super outgoing person, maybe the sugar baby situation is more for your personality. Yeah. Whereas maybe if you're like more introverted or whatever, like maybe OnlyFans or that could not be the case. Like everyone's gonna feel differently towards like If you wanna be out and you wanna travel and you want to be social, like being a sugar baby would be great. Or you know, vice versa. Right. I think. Yeah. What and okay, so now we're like wrapping up like ha having this conversation. I really appreciate this series and what you're doing to kind of conclude in this conversation though, like what advice would you give to women after experiencing and watching all of this that are interested in getting into either camming or OnlyFans or porn or sugar baby situation?


I think as hard as it is like to block out the outside noise of like what other people think you should be doing. 'cause I always think when people say, oh it something bad, like does it feel bad if, if it makes you feel good, go for it. But think, think about it like don't like just sleep on it a little bit. And also going into any of those areas of work as hard as it maybe to stick to. I think try and go in with like your boundaries. This is what I'm gonna do. You know, I always think you are with OnlyFans that run the massive issues is like the content leaking. If something, which unfortunately at the moment the leaking is such a problem. Whatever you post nine times out of 10 will be leaked. So if you would just die, if that was our and your family and friends saw it, then maybe you don't post it.


Yeah. If, if you wouldn't, if you can own it then do it. I think it's just like yeah, having your boundaries and, and what you can be Happy with. I, I love that because I feel like the, even just the first episode I was so interested in listening and really learning from it and there's so many great things that I can't even imagine the rest of the series. Like every single person listening, we have to go watch it when it comes out because I feel like the boundary thing, you're right. That is it. Mm. It's like watching these girls starting on OnlyFans and the girls were like, I started posting this photo. But then when you, you're so right when you earlier said like, but when someone offers you so much money to just quickly take a pic picture of your tits and your phone is in front of you, you never have to like interact and see the man.


No. It's like, it's a fake world almost in your mind. So you really have to keep in mind of like, what did I come into this believing in for myself is right and how I'm gonna be able to sleep at night feeling good. Yeah. And I appreciate you saying that. You're right. Like nine times outta 10 these photos will be on the internet and if you are okay with that thrive bitch Yeah but just know that line 'cause Yeah. I don't think enough people talk about that. No. You know what I mean? And I think you're right. Yeah. And I think it's, you know, it's, it's not about glorifying it or Or condemning it. Yeah. It's just being real like Yeah. Like we're not here to judge and we're not saying like everyone go sign up today. Yeah. It's like, it's like it's happening in the world so we need to talk about it. Especially because it's mostly women but it's also like let's just have an honest conversation about it.


It's like, I would say, you know about reality TV when people, it's so easy for people to condemn it. It's like no one's got a gun to anyone's head. Right. So if you go into it with eye your eyes open. So if you are willing to go, you know, onto a TV show and expose yourself to the world Aurora, think about it. Yeah. Like don't do you sleep on it and think of the pros and the cons. Make a list. I mean it's easy for me so I'm really impulsive. I literally make all my decisions like that. But I mean yeah it'd be a nice idea to weigh everything Up. Totally. And I think, and then I have one last question, but I do think it was really cool 'cause I was thinking about it when I was watching that first episode and I was like, I feel like a really also good way for women before getting into it would be reaching out to some creators and being like, Hey, I know you have no idea who I am.


Yeah. I'm thinking of starting an OnlyFans. Do you have like five minutes of your time to just chat because your show, I Just forgot one area that really freaked me out. What is the referral thing? So other content creators, if they can get someone to sign up they get like a bonus. Oh. So that was one area that I was a bit like, oh like so I think yeah if you can speak someone you trust, but I do think there's a bit of a like a thing where like girls are recruiting other girls. It's Like an ulterior motive. Yeah. So that's the only thing. 'cause they give that girl or B or boy Right. You know, this boy's like, you know like a a bonus if they get someone sign up. Fuck. So I think, yeah so you just have to be really savvy. Okay. So definitely don't reach out to anyone, nevermind.


Just literally watch Lives new show for because it, that is, you're breaking it down and everyone has a different perspective. Last question. Okay. What was your biggest takeaway from creating this series? I think I touched on it briefly is just the, the interesting that we live in this world where all the obsession is on the women creating the content but no one's talking about the people buying it. Right. The reason only fans is what it is, is because all the men in our society, the the, the demand. So, and not there's anything wrong with that, but I just think it's interesting. We are never looking at the people asking for, you know, whatever it is.


We're always looking at the people providing it and you know, and shaming them and looking down on them. But we don't worry about the facts that it's probably Bob from next door. Like he's the one asking for the feet videos. Do you know what I mean? I totally, totally. We've got a long way to go to move that. The sexism and the stigma. I think, you know, I hope shows like this will break down boundaries and you know, it, it kind of humanizes these girls. I think it's very easy to dehumanize people that work in the sex industry. And I think the online sexual economy is even more dehumanizing 'cause we just see them as like robots online. But these are real people with real lives, with families, with partners, whatever.


Yeah. And we, they should be treated like that. I think that this show truly is breaking down a barrier of like showing the behind the scenes and exactly what you just said. We are, all of us are essentially dehumanized because of social media in the world we live in a hundred percent. And the show is like, no, let's humanize these people. Let's go into their bedrooms, let's see their lives, let's see the cars they drive, let's watch them through day to day. And it's, I think it's amazing. Daddy Gang, you need to go watch It is going to be amazing. I love you. I am so honored you're here. This was so fun. You did so thank you so much. Amazing. Thank you for having me.


The amount of things that are said on Love Island that as someone from the United States, I had to Google furiously because I'm like, what is she saying? He's a melt. What does a melt mean? What is happening? What is going on? I'm googling like a freak and I just was obsessed. I started speaking in the accent then it was awful. Then I had to move on. But I need to go through some of these terms. Okay. And ask you to explain them for me. I Hope I'm back down with the kids enough to actually get these. No, I might be sad. Okay. You can start with what the fuck does a melt mean? A melt like it. So a drip. Do you say that in the states? No, with hot. Just like normally if you say about a guy I go's got no backbone, they're just a drip. Just like a wet rag. Like Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I feel like We would say like, like a pushover, like weak. Yeah. Or maybe it's, it can be a guy or a girl, but a lot of pit times people say it about a boy when you know when they start to like a girl and they go soft, they go, oh he's a melt. Like, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's that you know, it's soft toxic masculinity thing of being like if you are nice to a girl, you're a melt. If that's what it is, like Okay, that makes sense. Okay. What about he pied me off? Like ghosted, like just, Okay, done. So you guys say pied instead of ghosted. Well we say ghosted but pied is like, he ended it. He broke up. He just broke Up. Yeah. Got it. Okay. Mugged off The similar thing like okay, mugged up would be more just like, yeah a guy just kind of tosses you to the side. Like with not much explanation.


And if you were saying someone's attractive, you guys would say He's fit. Yeah, I love that. And it has no like relation to their physical. Like what would you call someone if you're like, oh he's fucked a lot of girls. Shagger. Shagger. Okay. We would say, I guess like I tried to do the accent. It came out so bad. It's like a mix between like Australian and like Bri. It's awful. Okay. So we would probably say like he's a player or like a man whore or Something. Yeah, we say, we say fuck boy, but not, yeah, we not, but yeah, she's a shaa. Like Shaa. Chaga. Okay. What Not standing By the My ring. Sorry. Sogging so bad. Okay. Cracking on. What does that mean? Cracking on would normally mean like you meet a girl, you've exchanged number, you're going on date, you're cracking on you just like, Yeah, we would say like vibing.


Yeah. Got it. Okay. What is grafting? You know, I can't think of what the American term would be, but like working a girl like you're DMing, you asking you out. He is putting the work, he's got the hard hat on the boots, the shovel. Like he is, He is in it. Yeah. He's doing everything. Like do you see that as a negative kind of? No. Like they had To He's putting in work. Yeah. Like you, They need to graft like for sure Because I remember in the show it was like, oh he's really grafting or he is grafting, he's grafting. Grafting, grafting. Grafting Or grafting. If you The north grafting grafting we're grafting. Okay, that makes a lot of sense because it was so fun. I think that's also why I enjoyed, because I was like learning so much about the education. Yeah, it was education mixed with the little psychotic behavior and it made for great tv.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that Call Her Daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple podcast to start your free trial today.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank


It's game time. And if you've got a hunch about this NBA season, you could turn it into a big win on FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 or get 150 in bonus bets if you win. Ooh, that guy's hotter than a microwave burrito. Now that's red Hot Hunch 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Withable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER


The Quarter Pounder with cheese has many great things. Maple flavored griddle cakes isn't one of them. McDonald's breakfast comes first, but at.