
Introducing Instagram teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. Alright, buckle op. Good Job. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business. Easier. Call. Visit Us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent Lieb. Lnu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Olivia. Hi. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. It's an honor to be here. So it's summer, it's June 1st. Yes ma'am. But you grew up in Florida. Yes. So was it summer, like all the time by for you and your, I don't know. When I moved to Los Angeles it was even weird. Like, I don't know, like it getting cold that night. I'm like, what is this? Like I never, fun fact, I never owned like a sweatsuit until I moved to Los Angeles. Like I never owned sweatpants growing up. Like what was it? Where was I gonna wear sweatpants to? Okay, so did you, 'cause I'm thinking like this is basically kicking off like the summer vibe for Call Her Daddy.


Did you and your family, like what was your summer situation? Did you take trips and vacations during summer? Yeah. Like my family's like huge on travel. So like each summer we would go to like a different country. So I'm like very well diverse in the traveling. That's like why I live traveling so much. Right. My last summer at home we literally did like a European summer trip. It was a little weird like traveling with my family. Yeah. It's like we went to like all these crazy places, but I was like with my parents and I was like awesome. Like 17 years old. I'm like seeing like attractive people and I was like, my mom is right there. Like I can't Do this. I didn't even think about that of like when you're single and you kind of get to that age where you're traveling with your family and you're like, wait, I wish I was with my friends right now because I wanna like go to the bars and like Exactly.


And Like maybe Get, but then it's like you're with your mom and you're just like Yeah. And my mom's like, do you see anyone attractive? And I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah. A lot of them. A lot of them. But I can't say anything. Right. Well I'm gonna bring them back to the hotel room with my mom, my dad, and we're all gonna cozy up together. Like what the fuck. Exactly. That's such a good point. Okay. I like completely forgot that concept and I can feel that for you. Okay. I need to know this because I actually feel like this tells like a lot about someone. Yeah. Are You the type of person that can like sit on the beach with a book and relax and tan and knock it up? Are you the person that's like, guys come play paddle ball, let's go in the ocean, let's go Run. I feel like I'm like the second option. Like I'm always like, can we go do something?


Like there's definitely my days where I'm like, okay, let's literally go sit on the beach. That's, I don't wanna talk to anyone. Yeah. My phone's like literally on airplane mode all day. But then there's other times I'm like, I literally cannot sit still. I'm like can we? And like in Florida, like everyone has boats so you go boating, you go wake boarding, go I water skied for like nine years of my life. So it was like you were constantly doing something on top of like just sitting and reading like that's like a California thing. I feel like That that you're actually so right. I feel like Florida and California are completely different. Yeah. And now you lived in both. Which do you prefer? Ooh. Oh that's, oh wow. I've never actually been asked that question before. I always get like New York versus la, New York. I mean LA versus Florida.


I would say I love Florida like as a state, like the weather-wise like and kind of like my hometown's stunning, you know, don't really like what's going on with Florida right now. And then here, I mean I like the people more. I like how like opening is how like I'm able to be who I am and like not get judged by anyone.


As women we are constantly on the move. We're doing so many things, we are juggling life. And if you are gonna wear all the hats Daddy Yang at least have a wardrobe that helps Check all your boxes. Travis Matthew creates versatile products designed to help you look and feel your best no matter the activity. From sunrise coffees to school pickups to dinner dates, experience a pant truly made for all day every day. And no matter where your day goes, you can stay in perfect comfort in the cloud collection. You might fall in love but that's okay. Rewards members receive free shipping and free returns. You guys know I am quite literally all about comfort. Like I feel like I live my life by being like am I putting this on and am I going to be comfortable? That's how I know if I'm putting it on, I must be comfortable. And Travis Matthew hits in the comfort but versatility department, I totally understand you need to have something, even if you're going to a meeting, can you wear this and also lounge in it? That is the true master of comfort. Travis Matthew Apparel designed for confidence and comfort no matter where the day takes you. Visit travis matthew.com and receive 20% off your first order when you sign up for email. That's T-R-A-V-I-S-M-A-T-H-E w.com.


Introducing Instagram teen accounts. A new way to keep your teens safer as they grow. Like making sure they've got the right gear for writing. Knee pads, check and helmet done. See you dad. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see


You were named a Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Rookie for the class of 2022. Congratulations. Thank you. How Does that feel? It was absolutely insane. Like I fell the ground like crying. I was like, no. I was like this is not real. Like major imposter syndrome. I was like this is not real. And then two weeks later I literally went to Montenegro, that's where we shot it, which is like a really small place near Albania and like you travel by yourself like it's like a full deal. And I'm like 19 years old so I was like, I've traveled by myself but you know like New York to la you know like la, New Mexico, like stuff like that.


But never like a 14 hour flight. Like I stopped in Turkey for a little bit, like no idea where I was going. I was like I could really get lost right now. And you're by yourself. Yeah, Like coming back. I flew back with everyone 'cause I was the last girl to shoot. Right. But like going there like I, I can't even imagine going by myself at 19 years old to a foreign country also to prepare for like one of like the biggest moments of your career. It's like fucking huge. I was like sitting in the airport just like where am I? This is not real. I was like what am I doing with my life? Okay, so you show up and I was thinking like okay, obviously I'm sure there were like so many glamorous moments of shooting this, but we need to hear Olivia, the not so glamorous moments.


Like what was an unglamorous moment with you that you were like, oh my god, people would never anticipate or expect This? Yeah, so it's swimsuits, right? So you think you're going and shooting somewhere like warm, right? No it was like October times. So in the place that we were, it was like 40 to 50 degrees and you're in like thong bikinis and you're like shooting in the water and it's like freezing and you're just like sitting in there and you're like shaking. Like I have so many funny photos of me like you know like when you're like in between changing and I'm like in this huge like robe jacket situation and that was definitely like a moment where I was like nobody would ever guess that we're like freezing in all of these photos.


Oh no. Because when you look at them you're like oh my god. Like it makes me wanna be on a beach. Yeah. But I was like, oh no, I was freezing. Like I was like shaking there and like they probably have to like edit out my goosebumps 'cause it's like so bad. Okay, well no one can tell that you were cold in the photos so I have to give you props. Thank you. You like teeth are chattering and all of a sudden you're like, Yeah it's like, it's like you're, there was the last shot that we did. I got like soaking wet and we were like on this ledge kind of situation where like water was like crashing on it but it wasn't like in the water. It was kind of odd but I was like laying down in it and the sun had already set so there was like not really any sun, it was like very like glistening vibes but I kid you not, it was probably like 30 degrees out, maybe 40 and the water was like absolutely freezing and you're just getting like splashed with water.


You're sitting there, you're trying to be like super sexy and like so glamorous but you're like, I like literally was like sitting there like trying to like roll around on this like block of cement, like trying to be sexy And it was like definitely a moment where I was like I really hope this comes out. Well Congratulations. I mean it's so cool to sit with you and like hear the behind the scenes also 'cause it's like such a cool moment also, especially because you're 19 Olivia A. Little bit. Is your family like so stoked or they, My family doesn't really process anything. Like even the way I moved out I was just kind of like, I'm gonna go to Los Angeles for two weeks and then I'll be back. And then I kind of just came here and I never left. So how many siblings do you have?


I have one older sister. Okay. Blessing. Love her. So you're like the baby that just left. Good for you. Okay. Well you not only are you blowing up in the modeling world, but you've blown up on TikTok. Yes. So we're gonna play a little game. Okay. Called TikTok made me do it. Okay. Okay. A trend you've tried because of TikTok, Emily Marico's, like salmon, avocado. Have you not tried it? No, she did like salmon, rice, avocado and like the seaweed packets and then you like mix it all together and you like make your own salmon roll. Okay. So now I need to go try it. Yes. Okay. Something you've bought because of TikTok You would think Growing up in Florida, I've always been blonde that I would know what purple shampoo was and then I got on TikTok and it, I got on TikTok right when like the purple shampoo thing was a trend and I was like, what is this stop?


And I wanted it changed my life. I was like so good. So that was definitely something that I was like, oh thanks TikTok. That is such a good investment. It's my best friend. Yeah. Okay. A random fact that you've learned from TikTok. This one's weird. I also dunno if it's true. Okay. I heard that your wingspan is how tall you are, but I'm five nine and I feel like my wingspans not five nine. Okay. After this interview I'm gonna get my team. I Wanna Do the entire, that's actually a, I've heard that too I think and I don't know if I believe it. Okay. A song you've added to your playlist because of TikTok. All of my music comes from TikTok first of all, so good. Recently I've put this song on repeat every single day for, it's probably like a week and a half now.


It's called like 10 Things I Hate About You by Leah Kate. I think she was just on tour with Madison Beer. I think she was like the girl who opened up for her and her. That song just went like insanely viral on TikTok and I like see it everywhere then I'm like okay, let me listen to it. Let me see if it's like the hype chaing in my car every day. So good. Okay, somewhere you've went because of TikTok Hawaii, Hawaii is my favorite place. Oh And I feel like Italy, like I see Italy all over my for you page. I wanna go this summer so badly. Something you've become self-conscious of because of TikTok. Okay. Growing up I was pretty, pretty confident. I was very independent. Okay. Once I got on TikTok I got very insecure about like my boobs and my body 'cause I would just get like The most just meanest comments about it and I would just start like overthinking.


I'd be like wow. Like I was like loving my body, like looking up to like models and whatnot. I was like why is everyone so I you know, created boundaries and I like turned off my comments for like a solid like I think it was like two-ish months and then eventually like I got more like secure with It. Have you ever responded back to like a troll and then regretted what you said? Not to troll but I actually used to be exactly like that. Okay. Like in high school because I was so like independent, like I was very much like I'm fighting for myself person. So not that I was a bitch but I was like a little, yeah kind of like, like why are you talking about me? Like especially girls in like high school, I'd be like, I would confront them. I'd be like why are you talking like crap about me right now? So I feel like almost when I started social media I had to like create like a boundary and I'm like okay, like you can't respond.


You know people in my life helped me a lot with that 'cause I'll be like I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna blow up on them and they would be like, calm down, it's okay. Talk to my therapist. And I'm like okay. No it's hard. It's like it definitely is Takes a different level of self restraint. Yeah. 'cause you don't know the person and so I guess that's why it's so easy for them to be mean to you 'cause they don't know you. Yeah. And then you reply back and I've done it before where I'm like that was dumb. Why did I give into that? Yes, absolutely. And I now don't do it either. Okay. Today is June 1st. Yes. The first day of Pride month. You've been so open about your sexuality. Yes. What are your plans to celebrate pride this year? Oh I just love Pride month so much.


But I would say so last Pride month, I came out you know on June 1st as bisexual. So I feel like kind of pride month last year was like me kinda like figuring out what it was like to be bisexual. Like being on social media and being like wow people are so accepting. And then you're like also dealing with like the not so nice people like in the streets or when you go to the parades like dealing with like you know the mean people and just being like, I feel like this year I am definitely, there's West Hollywood Pride June 3rd and then there's obviously New York Pride. I think New York pride is better personally. So definitely will be then. That's So exciting for you that you can fully like lean in this year. Let's go back to the moment you came out right?


Okay. How did you tell your friends and family? I called my mother and there was a lot of moments where I was like, I'm just gonna do it like spur of moments. I was like, I just need to tell her like it's, it's such a secret and you kind of just hold it in for months and months that you're like, okay, I'm gonna do this. My mom was coming to visit me in two weeks and I was kind of lying to her about the relationship I was in. I was, you know, didn't really know exactly how to be like, Hey mom, I am in a relationship with a female. And I eventually called her up one day and was just like spit it out and like gave 20 facts about the L-G-B-T-Q community and about my relationship and she just was like, okay, like cool.


And I was like, okay, yeah, bye. And we like didn't talk for two weeks and then she came and visited me and she was like totally okay with it and I was like, oh this is awesome. Did She tell the rest of your family for you? I'm assuming 'cause I never told my dad. I feel like I kind of came out with my dad by like sending him, I got him a shirt that's said my daughter's gay and I shifted to him 'cause it was pride month and I was like, oh I feel like I should get my family like some rainbow swag and just bought him like in my daughter's gay shirt and he like sent me a picture of him like smiling with him on and I was like, okay. He knows like he knows like that was kind of like me coming out to him. I love the not so subtle gestures is so baller like, here you go dad.


Yeah. If mom hasn't told you already. Yeah, let's get into It. Oh fully. And then my dad has always been like, love whoever you want. Like I don't care. And I was like, oh cool, That's ama. And was your sister same? Like did you take Her a shirt? Yeah, I, I feel like no, No I called her 'cause this was like right when we were getting close again and I was like, oh I feel like I should like call my sister and be like, Hey by the way, like you're probably gonna see it on social media soon. Right. So, and she like screamed. She was so excited for me, she was like, no way. I am so excited for you, blah blah blah. I was like, oh, perfect reaction. I was like, thank you. Thank you sister. Well that's why like I appreciate you sharing that just because I know there's probably a lot of people that could be listening that are also going through what you went through a year ago.


Right? Like they haven't come out yet, maybe they Don't know how to do it and it's so hard. Like you have to really figure out what works best for you. Like with my dad, like I could, I tried telling him probably like 20 times, like there would be times where I'd be at home and I'd be like, okay, go up, tell him he's sitting there, he's not doing anything. Just tell him. I was like, I couldn't do it. So I mean my dad have a very like funny relationship like, you know, it's like a lot of dad jokes so I was like, I feel like that's kind of something that's funny that he would look at it and he would laugh but he would be like, oh wait, okay. Like okay, like this is Oh that's cute. It's almost like to like look at each relationship and cater like how you feel and what your relationship with them is.


Yeah. And like feel safe in the way that you've always felt safe with like your dad. It's humor. Yeah. And with my mom it's like we're deeper so it's just kind of like me just telling her that was like, she obviously knew that took a lot from me to say to her. So she was like, okay. Like okay. Was your mom the first person you came out to? Well I guess not. 'cause you had a girlfriend at the time. Yeah, I would say like I always kind of knew and I feel like I had one best friend where we like kind of came out to each other 'cause we were like, I think I am, but like I'm not sure. And I'd also, I was type, the type of person that was like, I don't wanna come out until I like 1000% know that I am. 'cause there's always like the possibility where it really gets down to it that you're like, oh I don't think I could do that.


And so I would say them or just kind of like, I mean my best friend right now, Emma, we like would always have conversations. We'd be like, I think that I am but I'm not sure. Like I think and then I met my first girlfriend and I was like, okay, I am. How Did you deal with those like internal feelings of struggling to To figure it out for yourself? Yeah. Ooh. I was very homophobic towards myself so even when I was out I was like, no I'm not like, I don't know, there was always like the backend thoughts. It's kind of like being insecure. It's like you're confident with it. But I was also like, is this like, is this bad?


Like is something bad gonna happen? Like this isn't okay. Like I'd get like random comments and I'd be like really overthinking it. So I would say just kind of like for me it was like I needed to be in a relationship with a female to be like, okay, I'm 1000% in this. I came out and like, you know, really realized and like so many things made sense. Like when I was younger I was like, oh that's the feeling that I had with that person. Okay, Got it. So it then it kind of, that's amazing to also hear like then it started to all kind of click for you. But I love how you also compare it to like that insecurity feeling of like the unknown and like not knowing how to handle that. I think everyone can relate to that feeling. Yeah. What is the biggest thing that you've learned about yourself over the past year?


Definitely when I came out I came out as bisexual and I was in a really long-term relationship and then I got out of it and was able to experiment with all kinds of people and I mean I'm so happy but I figured out that I was pansexual and I came out with that in the past year. So I feel like that was kind of something probably the biggest thing that I kind of realized about myself in the past year. Can you talk about, just for anyone that doesn't understand the difference between being bisexual and pansexual? Yeah. So the difference between it is bisexual is just liking boys and girls or you know, men and female. And with being pansexual it's like anyone.


And I would say almost with being pan for me it's like I care more about the vibe between the two people and like the connection that we have and you know, it's also being open to talking to non-binary people to be open to talking to transgender people. And I feel like for me, like I'm so open to anything. So I feel like that's just kind of when I met someone who is non-binary and I was like, oh I really like you. I was like, okay. So it's, I feel like it's honestly very similar and I think when people think it's so much more common than people realize. And I think it's great when anyone is like speaks up about it. 'cause it's not their responsibility to educate us but like it is our responsibility to listen.


Yeah. Are there any pansexual celebrities that you admire? Okay. Madison Bailey. She's in Outer Banks. Love her. Obsessed. When I found out she was pansexual, I feel like I loved her like 10 times times more. 'cause I was like, yes, there's Kara de Levine obviously. I think she's absolutely stunning. And I feel like just also like with being pansexual, it's like you really just don't care. Like with, I mean with bisexual I feel like I don't really care either, but it's like you really don't care. Like it is purely an emotional relationship when you are with dating someone who is pansexual. You know, before I even came out I was to the tee focused on being like a male's ideal woman.


And I like, I achieved it. I was the blonde, long-haired, super glammed out every single day girl. And you know, like I had males attention 24 7, but I was like really came down to it. It was all a validation thing. It was like I just wanted them to call me pretty so I felt validated but it was like I didn't like them. So I was like, that's kind of my journey with like figuring out that I was bisexual. 'cause I was like, oh like you're telling me pretty like makes me feel really good. But then I'm like, I don't like kissing you, I don't like doing this. I'm like, mm, You're raised to be like, what? So which boy do you like? And even aside from the sex, like the sex part of it, you're more just like, oh so I'm supposed to like, like a boy and hopefully they like me.


So it starts so Young. Exactly. And it starts with like the, hopefully they like me part. Yeah. Is really where it gets in like your brain. Because honestly like I think like we, like women are pieces of art and we deserve for boys to be like, oh do, are they going to like me back? Yeah. Not us being like, does he like me? Oh my gosh, is he gonna text me back? Oh my gosh, does he wanna go on a second date? It's like, no, do like, you should be asking yourself that. Right. Do you like him? Yeah. And it's, and that's all that matters. And I feel like that's almost like a question that I'll like start asking myself more recently is like I'll notice about myself being like, oh like why aren't they texting me back? But I'll be like, hold on, do I even like them as a person?


I'm like, I'll calm down and I'll be like, put my phone away. And I'll like sit in the mirror for like 20 minutes and I'll be like, I'll literally write down all the green flags, all the red flags. And I'm like, I'll come to a conclusion. I'll like, I probably don't like them, I just crave it. That's to the point when you're dating, it really is interesting. I feel like I saw TikTok on this recently of someone being like, you are constantly looking at the person that you're on a first date, second with date with and you're hoping that they're gonna like you. And it's like you leave that first date. Did you like them? Yeah. Did you like their personality? How did you feel Around that? And so many people forget that, that you need to like go home and be like, are they the type of person that I wanna spend the next years with? Yeah. Or just like the validation. Exactly. And I feel like, and like the attention, that's something that I struggle like till this day I'll be like, oh my gosh, like I liked them so much, kind of do they like me back?


Yeah. And then I'll sit there and I'll be like, I'll talk about it with my mom 'cause we talk all the time and I'll be like, yeah, I'm kind of like how they made me feel, but I'm kind of just craving the validation right now. So I'm like, ah, I need to cut things off. Right. And just stop this here. I Think that's very relatable. Okay. How has being open about who you really are affected your mental health? It affected it amazingly as before I was like living in a secret kind of. And I like wasn't able to like tell the people in my life like what was going on. I'd be like, yeah, work good. So I feel like when I came out it just helped it tremendously. I was able to be so open about who I liked, what I liked going on dates, like telling people everything.


And I feel like also just with myself like kind of accepting it made just something in my brain click and it clicked and it made me so much happier on like the day-to-day basis. Okay. I remember lightly seeing there were like ridiculous rumors on TikTok that you came out for attention. People were saying one of your relationships was fake. Why do you think that happened? So This is also struggles, this is something that I struggle with on the day to day is like I'm very hyper femme and you know, looking at me, this is one thing that like I eventually wanna change in the L-G-B-T-Q community is like being femme and being gay is a very common thing.


And I think it's why a lot of girls are scared to come out because they're like, oh but I don't look the certain way. But it's like there's no certain way that you have to look like I dress like this every day. I do my makeup, I do my hair and I'm, I'm very gay. So people just also didn't wanna accept it like because I was catering to the men audience so much, right. That they were just kind of almost, I feel like hurt by it. And they were just like, no you're not like you're not gay. And I was like, wait, yeah I am. I was like, hold on. I was like, this was a lot. I can assure none of my relationships have ever been fake. Especially because I'm very like emotionally invested in people that like when people would say it was fake, I'd be like, nah.


Yeah, I, I don't even have the mental capacity to like have a met have a fake relationship right now. So how Has being open about your sexuality affected your friendships? So in my hometown it was a little hard. I lost some friends there just because lack of education, people just don't wanna believe or they just are like, wait, that doesn't make sense. Or it comes down to like the wait were you attracted to me thing? And I was like, no I wasn't like just wanted to let you know that like I am in a relationship with a female or I'm bisexual or whatever it would be. So I would say a little hard in my hometown. But was That most of it when they would, would they say to you like, oh are you attracted to me?


Like did anyone ever say to you? Yeah. Oh fully all the time. And I'd be like, I think you would know if I would be attracted to you. Like I would flirt with you or something of the sort. I'm also not once to like be attracted to somebody and not say anything. Like, if I like you like I'm going to flirt with you and I'm going to like, yeah I'm very like honed down on it. So, but in Los Angeles, like I lost no friends. Like it was kind of awesome 'cause I even got the opportunity to make friends with other people in the L-G-B-T-Q community by being open about it and just being like, oh like I, it's like kind of something to bond about. I also love the confidence of you being like, you know what, I'm gonna own it. I'm gonna give you guys another chance. I'm gonna explain it to you and you can take it for what you want it To be. 'cause it's lack of education. Totally. They don't know and it's like maybe they are too and they just don't know and just kind of totally the lack of like experience as well.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay. So I went on a trip with all of my girlfriends to Vermont where my best friend was getting married and we were all gonna figure out like, well where do we wanna stay? And oh this place is too far away and if you stay there I won't really get ready with you. And then we decided on an Airbnb and it was the best decision of the weekend because we got this house, all of us stayed there, Matt came, my friends came, my friend brought her boyfriend and we all were able to feel like we were almost back in college where we were all in one space. We all got to make our coffee together, we got to eat breakfast together, we got to go on walks together, we got to have late night conversations after we went to the rehearsal dinner and the weddings. And it was just the best time because I feel like if you don't stay in an Airbnb, you're not gonna be as close. You're not gonna have those late night conversations. And we as girls, you know how much goes in to those late night conversations. We also had a pool table which was so fun. The guys ended up playing while the girls were having wine in the living room in front of the fire. Just talking about all the things about life and dating and relationships. You know, a wedding makes you emotional. I told Matt in 2025, my goal is to stay in more Airbnbs or ever we go. If we're exploring a new city culture, learning a new language, traveling wherever it be, Airbnb is where it's at. So you can really be fully, fully invested in your time and experience all the things that come with that environment. Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only the new city but a new space in the city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at a local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants stady yang and if you wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where guest favorites might inspire you and may create a new tradition for you. So Daddy Gang, as you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. Want a big kitchen, a gym somewhere you can bring your dog. It's my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama but you know we all love a good juicy rumor And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes guys, word on the street is that listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay so kick your old boyfriends to the gerb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay, I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


So in terms of relationships, everyone is always writing into me like Alex, give us advice on long distance relationships. How the fuck do I maintain this? What do I do? Is it worth it? Should I stay with this person? You've had a long distance relationship. How did you manage to stay close with someone who lives so far away? Well I've had numerous long distance relationships. Okay. And it's hard, like I feel like with myself every relationship I get into is long distance. Even my friendships, all my friendships are long distance. It's like, it's kind of weird to say but it's like I'll go two months without seeing my friends and I'll be like, love you guys. Like I'll I FaceTime them. I think FaceTime is probably the best advice that I could give and like scheduled times to FaceTime so it's not just like a oh they're not answering me.


It's like no we're gonna go get smoothies together via FaceTime once a week or twice a week or however much you wanna like have that communication with them. I feel like that would be the best. I also don't strongly recommend long distance even though like I can't say that 'cause I'm literally, that would be me, right? You're like, Olivia remember this for the next one. Yeah, I don't recommend it but it's like regardless like anything with me, it's like being bicoastal. It's like well I could have a relationship in New York but then I come to LA and it's gonna be long distance. Or I go to, I travel besides just New York and LA I'm constantly in different places. So I feel like I don't recommend it but it's also kind of inevitable in certain situations.


Totally. I do appreciate though, like I have did the same thing when I was somewhat long distance scheduling those FaceTime dates. You naturally would be probably going on a date this Thursday night. Exactly. Like, hey, have a date night FaceTime date. Exactly. And schedule that time. That's really good advice. So that would, yeah, definitely. And then you guys can cook dinner on the phone together and you know like eat dinner and it's like a three hour FaceTime call but it's like, and people will be like, oh that's so stupid. But I'm like, honestly it's not because I haven't seen them in two weeks and I like wanna tell them about work or whatever it would be. Do you think being in a long distance relationship makes it more difficult to live in the present moment? 1000%. Yes. It's, I mean I'm sure you know, it's like you're constantly, my screen time was like probably doubled when I was in any long distance relationship and 'cause I'm always texting the person just being like, hey, like I'm thinking about you, like you're at an event and I feel like at events like it's, it's work so you're there and you're trying to be on your A game but then you're like, oh I haven't answered them in five hours.


Like I need to like text them. And like I even got down to the point where I was texting them probably like I have like 20 minutes and it was like, okay Olivia, get off your phone. You're at work right now. Stop. That's why it, those are, they are so hard is 'cause I'm thinking about, it's like you can feel guilty, you can feel, start to feel insecure, like what is the other person doing? It's a lot. Exactly. 'cause my also thing is I will like post on my social media and not answer anyone and people get so offended by that and I'm like, no, no, no, no. Like it's, it's not, I haven't even Opened My text. Yeah. Like all of my text messages are, I haven't answered my mom today. Like it's, it's not a personal thing. It's like, oh I like had to post this at this time or I'm in the car and I'm taking a selfie.


Like I'm not answering text messages. Like no, I'm taking a picture and I'm posting my story. Like totally. It's not that deep I've had in long distance when you know they're going out and you're not and you're like, I'm sitting in my pajamas with my pimple cream on and you see that they're like going to the club and you want to not be like over the top 'cause you don't want to trigger them of like, oh god, I've my like crazy girlfriend being like, well gonna text me when you're at the club. So you're trying to be chill but then you're also like, make me feel secure. Like I'm like, hold on. Exactly. It's hard. And I feel like that was honestly probably like the hardest thing. Like just in like a long distance relationship in general. Like I've gone like months without seeing the person. It's like, well and I go out like a decent amount for like events and work and dinners and not being on my phone and it's like, oh crap.


Like I don't ever want them to feel insecure because they shouldn't. Was there anything ever you or a partner did that was like super cute to keep it fun and like surprise one another? Ooh, Ooh. I personally hate surprises. Okay. I've never been a surprising person. I'm like, nope. Like just tell me like if you're planning on coming to see me, just tell me. I feel like just other cute things like just like fun dates. Like I feel like more recently I have a rule, I will not go to dinner with someone like, you wanna take me on a date? We are not going to dinner. Like let's go do something. Like I, I had this guy, I told him that and I was like, okay cool. And he was like, okay I have a crazy day plan, like let's do this. And I was like, okay.


He was like wear like athletic leisure. So I was like, okay, maybe we're going to go work out. I don't know like boxing something. And he picks me up and we're in the car for maybe like 45 minutes and I'm like, oh, like where are we? I also lived in Calabasas so we were like driving further. So I'm like, where are we going? Also first date. So I'm like, this man could kill me. Oh yeah Olivia. I'm like, wait, are you gonna die? Like what? And all of a sudden he like looks at me and he's like, we're going skydiving. What? I was like, I'm scared of heights. I you, I probably should have told you this before that, but I am like deathly afraid of heights. Skip forward. I actually ended up getting out of the car in Ubering home and I was like, I never talked to him again.


I was like, no. Like this is, this is, that was kinda like the biggest red flag that like, you are gonna take me skydiving to take Someone skydiving on a first fucking date when you've never met in person. How did you meet that person? I met them because I used to live in a content house so our content house would have like events. Yeah. Yeah. So it was like an event that we were having and we just had like mutual friends and I was like, oh, like you're cool. Like, and he's very like spontaneous so I was like, okay, like I need to date someone that's spontaneous. So I was like, okay cool. Like got it. Like let's do this. And then he just took it too far. Just went whoa. Right over his head, like the spontaneous football. So did, so you Just said, hey, I'm not down and you just Ubered Back.


I just was kind of like, can you pull over? Did he go skydiving? I don't think so. I don't, I don't. I like literally like never answered him after that I was like, S dude. Okay. Also because you're afraid of height. Yeah. Like No, I was like, I'm already deathly scared of planes even as much as I am on them. I'm terrified of planes. So I was like, the fact that you just asked me to jump out of one with you, it's hard. I don't even trust you. I don't even know you. I'm like, we're not even dating. I'm like, hold on, this is, it Can be romantic if you're with like your, the love of your life and you're like, let's do this and who knows what's gonna happen. It's like, but I don't Know you. Yeah. I was like, this is a lot for me. I was like, get me out of this car right now. I'm not risking my life with a random. Exactly.


Okay. So with regard to all the long distance relationships you've had, did most of them end because of the long distance? I feel like it would be a factor in it. Yeah. But like never, it was never like the pure reason that I was like, we're breaking up because of distance. Like I should have never, I should have cut the relationship off when it became long distance in any relationship just because it made things way harder than it needed to be. That's why I don't recommend long distance, but you know. Do you think there's an expiration date to like all long distance relationships? I would say like Max. Like, I mean it also depends what kind of long distance you are. 'cause I know friends that live in Los Angeles and then like the other significant other lives in Vegas and it's like that's such a quick flight back and forth.


True. They see each other like all the time. But it's like also for me it's like if I were in Los Angeles and I was dating someone in New York, it's like first of all different time zones. Also, I'm kind of not just in one specific time zone. I'll be like when I was in my sports illustrator, like in Montenegro, like the time difference. The time difference. I think it was like nine hours. Yeah. And it's like I don't even talk to you the whole day because when you're sleeping I'm awake and when I'm awake you are sleeping. Or when even when people are going to different colleges from each other and they're like, should I break up with this person? I don't mean to be a Debbie Downer. Probably. Probably. 'cause it's like you're not going to be present. Yeah. And we're too young to not be present Exactly. In our lives.


And that was my biggest thing. It was like I was missing out on all these crazy opportunities because I was like, oh no, my partner won't feel comfortable with this. Like, I'm so sorry. And it's happened numerous times with numerous partners. It's just kind of like a me thing that I feel like almost I need to work on. But you don't live in the present at all. Yeah. Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th.


A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted dropped messages from an unknown sender from the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th. Introducing Instagram teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. All Right sweetie. Pie buckle. Oh, good job. Or ring the bell on their bike. Okay Kid, give it a try. Nice. Or remember their elbow pads, Knees too. Okay. Yep. There you go. New Instagram teen accounts.


Automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see. Okay. So more general dating questions. Do you consider flirting cheating? 1000%. Why are you flirting with someone else? If Your partner has never posted any pictures of you on social media, do you consider that a red flag? Any fo Like if they haven't posted any. I think it's a red flag one that we're saying. I also do think it's a really red flag if they're posting you a lot and like consistently. Mm. Just from like my own like knowledge of like things that have happened. I'm like, okay, know what I like, know what I don't like. So I feel like that's like moving forward I'm like, hmm. Yeah. Like don't, why?


Why are you doing that too much? Yeah. Like a camera in my face in the morning. Yeah. Like Maybe not. Yeah. Okay. Is it okay to break up with someone through a text message? Yes. And people are so controversial. Do you think, do you think It's, I I I wasn't expecting you to be so definitive so No, I'm Just joking. Okay. No, I'm 1000%. I have broken up with people over text message. I have been broken up with numerous times over text message. I have been broken up over an email before, like I've been broken up on Instagram, dms, Snapchat, like anything that it's like, I don't know, I just take like any form of social media also when you're long distance is like, am I really gonna trail this person on for the next like month until I see them and then break up with them?


No. Like then that becomes messy and then there's like, but maybe Could you call them? Well yeah. Oh yeah. Like also that right? I've like called people like Yeah like I've done that. Like that's like yeah. But then email the email. What is the subject line of a breakup email. We're done. Sorry. Sorry. Goodbye. Have a nice life. Yeah. Yeah. That's rough. It's rough. But I get what you're saying. Like in some circumstances it could be maybe justified. Yeah. I think an Instagram DM is a little aggressive. Olivia? Yeah. Well I didn't do that. Okay. I just got, I got broken up with over an Instagram DM and I was like, this was harsh. I was like, okay. Yeah that is harsh. That's really Harsh. Like can you unsend it so I don't have to see it anymore? Okay. Which is worse for you?


A heated argument with your partner in front of A, your parents. Okay. B. Your friends or C, your people you work with. Oh definitely the people I work with. Because I feel like with my family and friends I can like justify it and be like, no, I swear they're a good person. Work people. They're like, we saw that Uhuh, they're done next. No, no, no. Like you are not going back to this person. We see their true colors. We want what's best for you. No, I was like, I kind of agree. And it's kind of like embarrassing. Like again you can justify if like it's a dumb fight and you go to your parents and you're like, Hey we're having an off day to the work people you work with. You're like, I don't even, I, we shouldn't even have to be having this conversation because this is work.


And like why are we now? Why did you just watch me fight with my partner? Exactly. This is a little awkward now. Totally. Okay. So you being on social media so often, I think like everyone that is on social media, I definitely think in the pandemic it was like kind of almost not, I would never say healthy, but like it was helping a lot of people. Yeah. With loneliness and TikTok came about because everyone was like finding almost a community through there. Now I think a lot of people are back to talking about the negative effects of social media and there's a lot of like detrimental things to our mental health that come from it. Can you talk about the boundaries that you personally have had to set for yourself with social media?


I started using the feature on your phone where it's like the do not disturb where you get like zero notifications. It's awesome. It's so good. People hate me 'cause I don't answer, but I'm like, like I'll And you don't even get phone calls. So like my phone is like not buzzing at all. I'm like, this is awesome. Like I'm not, I have not, nobody's trying to contact me all of a sudden I look at my phone and there's like 20 missed calls and I'm like, damnit. Dang it. So I feel like boundaries wise, I mean even when I turned off my comment section for that time, 'cause I like couldn't read people making fun of my body anymore. And I feel like just it came down to a point where I now have like very strong boundaries with me on social media and certain things I'll talk about and like bring up and be like, Hey, that wasn't cool, but kind of just like genuinely doing that.


Yeah. I think, I mean, I don't have my comment section on anymore and I think like a lot of people still to this day are like, oh you can't take the heat. And I'm like, it's actually not, it was actually that I, I, well, I, yeah, it was hurting my feelings. Yeah, that it And you were just like, Eventually it wasn't helping my life so I turned them off. And now I think I've gotten to the point where I'm like, why? Yeah, why would I like go back? Because I don't really wanna hear. And I do love when people are so nice and they're like, oh, open your comments so we can like hype you up. Like you look great. But I'm like, you know what? It's like the negative validate or the negative comments. Like also sometimes how much positive validation we get on the internet is not normal also. Yeah. So kind of like I, I think it was probably a good idea for a moment to like step back if it's Affecting you fully, fully, fully.


What Is your advice for people who are bombarded with images on social media that make them feel bad about themselves? I was literally talking like I was dealing with this two mornings ago. It was, I mean I feel like every morning I wake up and I like scroll through my Instagram and I'm like, oh, what's going on? And I feel like I get bombarded. I mean I follow all the amazing models and like, don't get me wrong, love women. Literally love women. But sometimes it like really messes with your head 'cause you're like, oh like, like you were talking about like, oh my stomach doesn't look like that. Oh my boobs don't look like that. Oh like they're working out right now. Oh my gosh, I haven't worked out today. Like I need to go work out. Things like that. And I feel like my advice would to be I social media, that one picture is literally so constructed.


It's by a really good photographer. You have your hair done, you have your makeup done, you have your nails done. That's not what I look like 24 7. Even right now I look like this maybe like a, like I don't even know how like not that often. Like I was doing my makeup and I was like, wow, I haven't put like a face of makeup on in like few weeks. I'm like, this is weird. But just kind of like people present themselves as like the best possible version of themselves. So I feel like on social media you just gotta remind yourself and like, okay, this was a split second on one time of their day. It's not real. Yeah. Everyone is going to present their perfect life. And even think if you have an insecurity, think about yourself. What did you just post? Yeah. A Perfect looking version of, And I exactly like that's like even the part that messes in my head, 'cause I'm like, I'm doing the same thing.


I'm falling in the trap. Yeah. I'm posting these beautiful photos that I get back and I'm like, oh my gosh, I'm so excited to post this. But it's probably detrimenting to like other people. And I'm like, ah. So I get in my head about it, I'm like, I don't want, like, I'm kind of on like a boycotting Instagram right now 'cause I don't wanna fall into that even though I like very much am guilty of already doing it. But Yeah, it's like a vicious cycle. Like I don't post as much as I used to. Definitely. 'cause I keep having to remind myself like, wait, why am I posting this again? Like, what, who is this for? Yeah. Like, like what's the point of this? Yeah. So Summer, like I said, wrapping it up summer is upon us. Olivia, do you have advice for women that are just like trying to go live their best life in summer but maybe are feeling a little insecure or feeling like they're not ready to like get out there and like live their best life because they're, they're seeing things on social media and they're like, I can't live up to that.


I mean, I feel like honestly my biggest thing is like, just do it. I've even noticed when I first moved to New York, I had zero friends. I knew nobody besides my agent. And I was in like this pickle for like an awkward three months. 'cause I didn't know anyone and I was like, I have no friends, I'm nervous to do anything. And then I just started like doing stuff and I would go to the gym and I would walk and go get coffee and I would like honestly go to Central Park and like walk around and it's like, just, you'll be at the hotdog stand and you'll see the girl right next to you and she looks cool. And I'm like, Hey, like, what's up? Like my name is Olivia. And it's kind of like that situation, it's way easier than people process.


And yes, it's very anxiety filled, but once you kinda like, turn it as in especially New York City, like That's a, I think that's great advice. So many women write in being like, I'm in a new city. How do I make friends? And like the fact that you're like, yeah, you literally just turned this on. Like, hey, I'm Olivia. Like, yeah, you're kind of right. Like a lot of these cities specifically, like I know people have moved to Austin, Nashville, like so many people are moving to these cities, Chicago, and they're like, got no friends. Like, but you're, we're all saying it. Yeah. So just maybe try and introduce yourself and see what happens. I'm so excited for summer. Like I'm going to Egypt. I'm like, oh, Olivia's going to Egypt and I'm gonna be on my couch watching you in Scrim story. So No, you have not. I'm so excited for you.


Honestly, congratulations on everything. Like thank you getting that swimsuit. Like it's just truly like I grew up looking at that shit. Oh, me Too. Being like, it's, oh me, I don't believe it. Still a dream. I'm, I'm like, wait, I saw myself and I was like, that's nope, that's not me. That's not me. But I'm like, have it in my, I printed it out in like the huge form and I put it in my apartment so like I can look at it and be like, that is me. Damn. Remember that Olivia? Yes. Happy Pride month. Thank you Olivia for coming on. Thank you for having me.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to Start your free trial today.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Have you experienced serious complications with a paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help. Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising


Scott to Scott's here. How did the grass feel when it woke up from winter? A little crabby. Get it crab grass right now. There's a short window of time to apply s Scott's TOF Builder halt crab grass preventer. It stops crab grass before it invades and feeds you alone For a fast greenup after winter, act now to prevent your grass from waking up. Crab is spring. Ah, that joke never gets old, but trust me. Crab grass dust. Get a bag of Scot's turf builder halts crab grass preventer with lawn food today. Feed alone. Feed it.