
Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement, bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy, daddy. Daddy Nicole, Richie and Paris Hilton. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thanks bitch. Thank you. I am so happy we're finally doing this as I can. Okay. How are you guys doing today? I'm doing fab. How are you? You have a Hard out. Yeah. When are you leaving? At three. Okay, So we have about 12 minutes to go. Here we go. We're gonna ri I'm just kidding. Everyone listening. Calm down. Sit down. Okay. By the time this comes out, Thanksgiving will be over. What are you guys doing for the holidays? Mika New Year's. What are your plans? What are we doing? Thanksgiving I host every year.


Oh, I do the whole family and everyone's extended families, friends come over. It's a big thing in my house and I do it every year. Are You cooking? I don't cook on Thanksgiving. I cook every other day of the year. I cook 364 days a year. Not Thanksgiving. Why? Because I'm just being a gorge host and that is a job within itself. Love. What about you Paris? I'm gonna be hosting as well at my house this year. So all the family is coming and we're having a big family get together and then we're gonna go to Maui after Christmas. Oh fun. And for New Years are are you cooking? No. No.


I love to cook as well, but Thanksgiving is like hardcore. That's like a lot. I agree. It's too hardcore and I'm like entertaining people and I've got like it's too much. I cooked a Turkey once on my cooking show cooking with Paris and it was traumatizing just like pulling all the things out of it. It just Like not for you. No. We are gonna get to know you guys better today. So Paris, how would you describe Nicole's personality? Nicole is hilarious. Fun. No, I was not gonna say that was it. Crazy. But not in a good, not in like a bad way.


Okay. I accept the good way. She's just The most fun person in the world. Like when you're with her you just laugh every second. She's so real. She's kind and she's beautiful. Okay, now how would you describe Paris? I would actually describe you as kind of the same. You're so fun. We always have The most wild time and are always laughing. You are also extremely tender, sentimental and just like always wanting everyone around you to be happy and stunning.


Bitch. Thanks bitch.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit when you're working out, I don't know for you guys, but like I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to workout in and look great in everyday life. You need to check out their performance jogger part of Yuri's dream knit collection. The performance jogger is great for stretching or lounging. It is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance jogger's, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends what are you putting up on top and then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay, so if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts or even just for lounge, Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her Daddy. That's VUOR i.com/ Call Her Daddy exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I'll know about you but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay, so kick your old boyfriends to the Gerb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile. The one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile and here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie, I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile Thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of, so thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Okay, let's go back to your childhood. You guys grew up in the same neighborhood, is that correct? Yes. And you guys went to the same school? Yep. What was your first impression of each other? Do you remember? Well, We were two so I don't know. Two. Yes, we've been, I Didn't know you guys knew each other since you were two. Yes. And so you guys were just inseparable since the moment you guys were like getting raised Together from day one. So we went to the same school but we also, we had the same piano teacher outside of school. We had, we like had our tap recital together, orchestra. Oh my God. And then we graduated onto orchestra and we love our orchestra teacher, Mr. Houser, who's in, shout out to Mr. Houser who I'm sure watches this all the time.


Obviously he's obsessed with guys and he's actually in the encore. Nicole, what do you think your reputation was in your town and at school growing up? Okay. Well I did get class clown in both of my schools. Okay. What do you think your reputation was? Just like sweet. Yeah darling. Nice Angel never gets in trouble. What do you think the parents in your town thought of you? Of like all the kids in high school? Were you like when you were younger or even in middle school, what were people thinking? In middle school, like Nicole and I were only allowed to sleep at each other's houses. It wasn't like we were ever staying at all the other sleepovers that everyone, We weren't allowed.


Okay. Why? We didn't know the parents probably as well because we didn't Go, our parents were really strict. Yeah. And they, they just like didn't let us do all, all the things. And like we also used to get treated as one. So like if the leader of our group got mad at one of us, both of us were out. That's so nice to have a friend like that where you're like, it's both of us or none of us. Yeah. I mean we didn't even choose it. It just happened and then all of a sudden, like we were back in and we were like, okay wait. Is it true that you guys had your first kiss at the same party? Yes. Yeah. Tell me the story. It Was at Samantha Vegas Cher's house. Oh that was the first one. That was the second the Vegas one.


Oh, okay. Because I remember we were at, at some party. Did you first kiss, You kiss in Vegas? Second. Second. This was like sixth grade and it was sixth Grade spin. Spin the bottle. The bottle. Yeah. And we both kissed like these two best friends. Yeah. Bur and Jared. Yeah. Cute. Bur And Jared. Bur and Jared. Wait, what age were you for your second kiss? Vegas 14. You guys are not real. Who the fuck is going to Vegas at 14? We were you two. We were, Wait, what were you doing in Vegas? We went, this is actually, we were not 14. We were, we were younger but we were, we've Been growing our Whole lives. Yeah. Okay. Her parents were going to Vegas.


Okay. My parents were getting divorced and so I as any, you know, up and coming teenager would do. I told my mom I was going to my dad's. I told my dad I was staying with my mom and I went to Vegas and we would like, her parents would go to parties and we loved this musical called Starlight Express. And we would sneak into the show and we would just like watch it at night. And then during the day we would take taxis and leave the strip and go to the Boulevard Mall to the exotic pet stores and we would get like ferrets and chinchillas and then we would sneak them back into California because they're illegal Here.


We And when did you kiss these? I'm assuming men, boys? Mm. They Were in school? No, they're school Like Yeah, like 10th grade. How did you meet them? In Vegas from our school at the Chinchilla farm? No, I don't think they came with us to, to go and get the chinchillas. Yeah. Fair. So you Had had your second kiss in Vegas? Yeah. Kind of romantic. Very romantic. Yes. And Was that Bur and was his Name John? They did not make the trip, no. Okay. Who had the stricter parents growing up? I know you're saying they're both strict but, but like who was like really hard to go to whose house to like you, you know, you're not sneaking out if you go to ex's house. Well I had security at the house so that I, I've never, I was never sneaking out.


Was not even an option. That was Impossible for, for your house. My house was easier even though my mom was strict. Yeah. Or no, it was your dad's was the easiest. My dad's was the easiest. Yes. He was always Like on Tour. Yeah, he was gone. So that was fun. The way this is like so casually you're, you realize that childhood is like you guys have like the craziest, coolest childhoods, right? We Lived a normal childhood too. Yeah. Yeah. As you were saying, second kiss in Vegas. I'm curious outside. No, but I think it smuggling ferrets. Okay. I'm gonna play a game with you guys because I think this is gonna like really we're gonna get to know you a lot here. Ready? Okay. Who would the better two thousands wardrobe?


Me. No, but you 2000 and what like I, I don't know If you have sick wardrobe too, but mine was just like so, so 2000, like just the so extra of it All. Yeah. You are very two thousands. Yeah. Yeah. I Love it. If you guys had to pick one, two thousands trend to wear for the rest of your lives, what would it be? I would never do such a thing. Okay. I would wear all my 21st birthday dress. Love. Yeah. I think you said that to me last time. You love that fucking dress. It's iconic. I love it. Where is that Dress? In my closet. Love. How honest were you guys when you were younger with each other? When like they had a horrible outfit on.


I feel like we always looked so hot and we would dress like twins a lot 'cause her mom would buy us like two of the same outfit always. And we were like obsessed with doing that back in the day. Yeah. We had to wear uniforms in school. And then the summer program was called summer games and my mom would buy like six of of the shirts that we would have to wear and she would put shoulder pads in them. This is late eighties. Wait, wait. Shoulder pads in them and bedazzle them. And so we would like, we would always dress as twins and then when we were a little bit older, like once we were 11 we would go to Contempo Casuals and Judy's and our parents would buy like treat us like twins. They would buy us like remember the burgundy bell bottom dress?


Yes. The velvet. That was so cute. Yes, so cute. So Cute. We, we have to rewind. Why shoulder pads? Because it was the eighties and like that's just what it was cool. It was very cool. Yes. Who was the bigger shopaholic? I would say you're very like, you're like, like a little more like manic in your, you're like, you're like I want it all right. It's my A DHD as well. I just, I love it all But I do love to shop. Okay. Who has the worst dating history? Me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Does That feel right? Yeah. Who was more delusional over guys when you guys were younger? I would say me because my first real boyfriend's a OL name was play for the number four life and I was devastated and shocked to my core when he cheated on me.


I couldn't believe it. I was like, where were the signs? We, How did you find out? He cheated? So he cheated on me three times. Damn. Once was on the Peter Pan ride at Disneyland. And I know this because every time I ride I go to myself. Leia 2, 2, 4, 5. What was his handle? Play. Play for life. Play For life. P-L-A-Y-A-L aol com email. Anyone wants to email him? I'm sure he's Still around. Okay. Peter Pan ride. Peter Pan ride and then one of the girls. So I had like heard about it. I asked him, he obviously said no. And then one of the girls was really nice and told, got on the phone with me and told me and she was like, he said that you guys were broken up.


I'm so sorry. And then this is when conference Conference had just gotten Yes. Where like you could, if you had like the elevated conference, you could still get call waiting while you were on conference with somebody else. So we called him on conference. He obviously was like, I'm not, I'm not gonna admit anything. And then we had someone call her. So she got a call waiting, flipped to the other call, came back and then he admitted it. Horrible. Yes. You moved on. Yeah, I mean I moved on but I was like, it was the, I was really shook. I was like, I cannot believe I got cheated. Getting cheated on sex. Oh it's horrible. It's horrible. Have you gotten cheated on?


Every girl has. I know. That's really terrible. Guys Are assholes. It's horrible. It's horrible. What is a bad way that you found out? So you found out from a girl coming to you. Have you found out a different way? TMZ Paris? No. Yeah. What do you do when you see that online? Just so pissed. Just like it. It's obviously hurts. Yeah. But also just like mad. Just like how could you humiliate me like this? Are You a confrontational person where you would be like calling them or you're over? No, you're done. I just am like done. And then I hate confrontation so I just would rather never speak to the person.


If I would like break up with someone, I wouldn't even tell them. I just like never call them, leave again. Just like ghost. I feel like Nicole you're confrontational. No. Yeah. No. I wanted it to be like a major motion picture. Like a punishment? Yeah. What did you do? A real thing? Tell me. I was like, yeah. I was like, I know, but I waited until like I was, that was fun. Kind of. It's fun when you look back and you're not like in the moment it's fun to look back at the heartbreak, but when you're in it you're like, No, when you're in it, it's so devastating you can't survive. And It affects you for life Completely. I actually saw one of the girls at a party and I was like, you know, you like rile yourself up and your friends are like, what are you gonna, what are you gonna do?


She's coming, she's coming. And I was like, I'm gonna beat her up. Okay. I've never hit anyone in my life. And then like finally like, you know, you're saying it for so long And then she got there so the whole party was like, Nicole, she's here, she's here. And I was like, ah. And I like walked up to her. I don't even know what I thought I was gonna do. And her friend literally just went like this. Bing. And I flew across, flew across the party, I didn't have a chance. And anyway, we ended up going to college together. So she's my friend kind of. You're like, Bye nevermind. Wait, now you're friend Kind of. Yeah. I mean I haven't seen her in like loose. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But if I saw her I'd be like, oh my god. Yeah. Play up for life. Ruined my Life.


Play up for life. Yeah. Who was the bigger flirt back then? You Yeah, I think, Yeah love. I would flirt, but it was more to like humiliate them. Like more in like an aggressive, not in like a like sweet. Yeah, I wasn't, yeah, you're like, I'm gonna ruin your life. And then some when the two of you guys would be out, like would you be the person that would go up to the guys? Like if you're at a club, you guys wanna like infiltrate a table? Are you going up? No, everyone was trying to infiltrate our table. Oh, okay. We didn't have to go up to anyone. They just wanted to come up to us. I have to say, our focus wasn't really like guys, no guys. We didn't have to, that was not like, we always just wanted to have fun.


Have Fun and then the guys would come and you're like, oh this is nice. Like this is a fun little thing. Yeah. Did you guys ever fall for the same person or like the same person ever? No, No. We had opposite taste. Okay. Tell me what, what was your type back then? People who cheat I guess Assholes. Yeah. Play assholes I guess play us. What was your type? Just people who were cute. Paris Or hot? No, no, no. You think you were dating nice guys? No, not like cute. Like, like looks wise. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's like just people. People who were hot and some people were good. But yeah, there was, it's LA so yeah.


Yeah, yeah. You get both types. We didn't you say once in the simple life that you liked men to look like they were dying? Yes. Yes. I did say that. If I saw a bunch of like people that you talked to when you were younger, like did they, there, was there a theme of them actually looking like skinny and frail and Ill No, I mean I, I sadly, I think I just said that to like gross Janet out. I don't think I really meant it. I'm obsessed with you. So you weren't, you weren't going for like a specific looks wise type. No. Whose husband is more likely to crash a girl's night out? Do you guys ever go out together, Crash a girl's night out?


Joel I think would get annoyed at like so many girls all at one time. Yeah. And Carter never goes out, so Yeah, I Don't know. So neither of them are coming. I don't think they're coming. Wait, How did you meet Joel? A friend set us up. Yeah. Wait, had you ever like dabbled with musicians at that point? No, I had not dabbled with musicians, but our friend set us up, not in a serious way at all. She was like, you are single and he's single so this is probably not gonna be serious, but you guys should hang out. And, and we did. And I don't know if you've met Joel before.


I think you did quickly. Yes, yes, yes. But Joel is very shy. Very shy. Yes. So the first night I met him, he actually didn't speak to me and I was like, this is my husband. No. Yeah. You were like, this is how I know it's gonna be good. I was Like, This is the man for me. Stop. Yeah. And do you think he was into it first? Yes. He ended up text, not texting. Yeah. Or email. I don't, whatever. Yeah, whatever was happening back then. A OL play it for life. What was your a IM. Okay. Okay. My first name was Princess NR because I had a dog named Princess.


Okay. Then I got a second name ballerina girl nr because Ballerina girl is a song that my dad wrote and the song is after me. So I just like made that my, my name. Okay. So anyway, one day I was like, we were exchanging screen names or whatever like, yeah. To to like a group of friends and it was, this was like when it was new. So we were like calling each other by their names, you know? And I was like, and so like we sat there for an hour and everyone was like, okay. Later like whatever, whatever, later, da da da. And I was like, and then they looked at me and they go See you later baller in a girl.


And I said, No. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. No Baller in a girl. I said, I cannot believe for a straight hour you thought that my name was baller in a girl. So now some of my friends still call me that Baller and a girl Baller and a girl that Anyone would think that that would be my scream. I imagine you calling yourself a baller. Yeah. And honestly I have ever since. Yeah. So what was yours? Beautiful blonde baby girl. Are you fucking lying? No. Beautiful Blonde baby girl. Yeah. I am obsessed with You with my email name. Yes. Yeah, that's one of them.


The other one's Princess pH, another one's Barbie four 20. So when you wait, so you're emailing people and it's like from beautiful blonde baby girl that is like, you have to have some confidence. Paris. Yes. Love. Yeah, love baller. And a girl and beautiful blonde. Yes. Jesus Christ.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay. So I went on a trip with all of my girlfriends to Vermont where my best friend was getting married. And we were all gonna figure out like, well where do we wanna stay? And oh, this place is too far away and if you stay there I won't really get ready with you. And then we decided on an Airbnb and it was the best decision of the weekend because we got this house, all of us stayed there, Matt came, my friends came, my friend brought her boyfriend and we all were able to feel like we were almost back in college. We, we were all in one space. We all got to make our coffee together, we got to eat breakfast together, we got to go on walks together. We got to have late night conversations after we went to the rehearsal dinner and the weddings. And it was just the best time because I feel like if you don't stay in an Airbnb, you're not gonna be as close. You're not gonna have those late night conversations. And we as girls, you know how much goes into those late night conversations. We also had a pool table, which was so fun. The guys ended up playing while the girls were having wine in the living room in front of the fire. Just talking about all the things about life and dating and relationships. You know, a wedding makes you emotional. I told Matt in 2025, my goal is to stay in more Airbnbs wherever we go. If we're exploring a new city culture, learning a new language, traveling, wherever it be, Airbnb is where it's at. So you can really be fully, fully invested in your time and experience all the things that come with that environment. Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only the new city but a new space in the city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at a local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants, Daddy Gang. And if you wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where guest favorites might inspire you and may create a new tradition for you. So Daddy Gang, as you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. Want a big kitchen, a gym somewhere you can bring your dog. It's my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted dropped messages from an unknown sender from the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Back to Joel. You meet him, you're, when did you, when did you meet Joel? Like when did Paris get introduced? Was it the, the same night? I don't know. I feel like it, it was like, it was around Thanksgiving weekend and it was like pretty fast. I feel like when you met him It was, what did you think of them together? I loved it. You did? Yeah. I just thought they were so cute. It was on.com from the day we hung out. Like Joel Is so sweet, he's so loyal. Like he's just one of those types of guys that's like completely different than like an LA guy. Yeah. Love. Were you a fan of Good Charlotte? I was a fan of Good Charlotte and he also, when he asked me to go to his house, he hates when I tell this story.


Okay. He asked me to, he was like, do you wanna come? He was like, do you wanna come over and like watch tv? And I was like, yeah I do. And he goes, do you watch The Wire? I've never seen The Wire in my life. I go, the Wire is my favorite show. He goes, great. Why don't you come over and watch it now? Listen, obviously The Wire is an amazing show. Okay. I'm not dissing the Wire. I'm obsessed. I'm obsessed. Okay. I'm a girl. He just like threw me into like season three. There's no music, you know? And I, for a very long time pretended like I watched and loved The Wire. When did you break it to him? I think like a few years after years.


Yeah. We had kids, Nicole, But we have since re-watched The Wire. It's one of, and Joel's from Baltimore. He Joel's from Maryland. So it's, it's like, it's one of our go-to shows. That's cute. But it always reminds me of when we first met because I really threw myself into that show. It Is crazy. Like I have done the same thing where I've like lied about liking something for a guy. Yeah. And I'm like, then you get yourself into it and you're like, I didn't, you're think So deep in right? You're like, I didn't think it would go this far. And then you're like, they're gonna think I'm a full liar if I admit to this. 'cause like I've been watching like I'm on the seventh episode and I'm like oh my God, he is so funny. Yeah. I didn't know he was gonna say, do you wanna watch it tomorrow? I was like, oh God. Okay great.


See you there. Paris, what have you ever lied to like, like something for a guy and then been like, why the fuck did I do that? Like sports sometimes. Are You a big sports person or not at all? No, like I like playing sports. Like I like playing ice hockey. Right. I like going ice hockey games. I just, some games are boring and I just don't like it. Okay. Sorry, back to my game. Who is throwing the best party? I don't really, I don't throw parties. I don't like people in my space. No, not like wild parties. Like you would throw parties, I throw crazy parties. I love you Do. The time I interview you were setting up for a Christmas par. Oh my god. That was almost a year ago. Yeah. How insane is that? I Know times went too fast. You throw great parties, you don't like people.


I, I throw parties now but when I was younger I did not throw like wild parties at at my house. Because You just didn't want people around you in your house. Yeah, I didn't want anyone like stealing my things or anything. Yeah. You don't care if people are like wandering in your house. No, I don't want people stealing my things either. But sometimes people do, there's like, people have literally taken like framed photos and put them in their purses. My security has been like went up to them and been like, excuse me, can I have that photograph? Dude, that's fucking insane. Yeah. People like feel and especially if people like get a drink in them, they feel like I love this place and they start like doing weird shit in your house That and like lighting cigarettes, like ashing all over the floor. I'm like are you okay?


You're like I have children that live here. Like, no, no, no. That's not the vibe. Okay. Yeah. Which one of you is more likely when you were younger to like pull through with plans for the night? You're like I've got the spot. I know where we're going. It Was like a schedule. It Was a schedule. Yeah. Take me through the schedule. Like Mondays was Joseph's, right? What is Joseph's? Tuesday's was like guys, Wednesdays was Las Palm. Yep. Thursdays was like Concord or LAX. Yeah, there was just all these clubs. It was like a schedule. You would just go like where all your friends went and that's what we would do. Would you guys Go out every single night? Not Saturdays and Sundays. Those dayss are for losers.


What we Saturday and sa. I feel like Saturday is like the night. No that's Loserville. What was the best night to go out? Thursday? Thursdays was Really good. Yeah. I'm learning so much. Nicole, what is your wildest interaction with paparazzi? Once I, I was hospitalized. I got crashed into Oh I didn't know that. Yeah. Oh my god. Dr. You were driving and someone crashed into you. Yes. I'm so sorry. Yeah. My son was like six weeks old. He was not in the car. Thank God. Thank God. Yeah. When you look back at that, like how do you feel about that time in your life? I feel like at the time you, it was very hard to implement any sort of like boundaries because the world was not really acting like you deserved that at all.


Yeah. And I was so young and just like didn't know how to stand up for myself like that. So I was just like, I was just, I like acce. I accepted a lot more, which I think is very common for your twenties of just like accepting that things that that I would never accept. Now that's Traumatizing. I know obviously like you've talked about it occasionally of like, well not occasionally a lot. Like you've been very outspoken in a good way of like this is really dangerous of like what those people were doing back in the day And then it's kind of fucked up when people are like, yeah but you guys were asking for it like you loved it. Yeah. Like what do you say to That? I don't say, I'm like, if that's what you wanna believe.


Yeah. Do it. Fuck off. I don't fucking care. What is one of the crazier experiences you've had with paparazzi? Well, Just when I used to live on Kings Road, like right above Sunset Plaza, they would just wait outside my house from morning till night and just follow me from the second I woke up till I went home at night. And there would be some times where I would wanting to go to a friend's house. Yeah. And I didn't want them knowing their address so I would literally be driving like a hundred miles per hour just trying to get away from them. There'd be 20 cars all chasing me. And I just remember just like sometimes turning around just being like guys like leave me the fuck alone. Yeah. And they would just not stop. So that would just drive me crazy 'cause it would just get so dangerous with like all these like strange men just like following me all the time or like going through my trash or people like jumping over the gate and just like, it was just so invasive all the time.


No, that like creates like an intense form of paranoia I'm sure. Like you can't, you have to worry about what you put in your trash. Everything just like them shooting through the windows just like it was just creepy. I'm so happy I live in a gated community now 'cause it's just like, And you gated community. When I tried to find your house Paris, there's no cell service there. And I literally was like Hello. And then I'm like this freak driving down, there's like a man like walking dog. I was like, I'm trying to go to Paris Hilton's house. He's like, we've got a freak on the loose. He probably thought I was like breaking it. No, your house is, you are. You're good to go. Yeah. You're safe. Okay. Sorry to bring that down for a second. But it is interesting to hear about like what you guys had to go through. Yeah. Okay. I know this is like vague, but if you can try to give the Daddy Gang a story.


What do you think is one of The most iconic nights out that you guys had together When you look back and you're like, fuck, that was insane. Like the two of us went all out. It was so fun or something horrible happened or something disastrous or fun or funny like anything. We Did go through a stage where we would wear shoes with wheels on them and we would roller skate all night. And I, this was at the same time I had my ball Python Cleopatra and she would come with me as well. We what? So I had a ball python, her name was Cleopatra, she was Gorge and I would wear her around my neck like a necklace and we'd put on our shoes with wheels and we would like roller skate all night.


Would you go out with this With Cleopatra? Of course You would go in public with a snake around you as a choker. Yes. Like a little collar. Like a collar necklace. Shit. We And no one stopped You Stopped me from what? Being gorge Nicole. Oh my God. You never were like, oh my god, my python is about to fucking rip the necks of everyone around me. No, no, She, no, she loved being with me. She was so, I miss her. Okay, so are you, you're talking about Healy right? Or no, these are different. No, this is like pre hees. Yeah. You were whipping.


Yeah. Would you ever wear them to the club? Yes. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You're in The club with Healy basically. She's Yes. Yes. Well 'cause you could press the button and they would go in and out. So They were just like, yeah. So we would come and like swoop dodoo all night. I'm Obsessed. They Were great for like getting away from creepy Guys. Yeah. You'd be like, oh I'll be right back and then whoop. You're like one second dude. That's insane. I can't imagine wearing those to a club. We were professionals. Yeah, we were just really good at it.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Did You ever get in trouble by your parents together In Vegas? When we were 11? Yeah. In Vegas. When you were 11? Well, no, we were like 12, 11 and a half. We were like 13 and we were with these guys and they're like, do you wanna go to the strip? And it was New Year's Eve and we were like, okay. So we were on the Las Vegas strip, then these cops came up to us and they're like, how old are you? And we're like, 21. And they're like, no, let, let's see your IDs. How old are you really? And we're like 18. And he is like, how old are you really? What's your names? And I was like, my name's Jennifer Pearlstein. Her name is Leslie Sweet. And they were just like, where are you staying? And they kept asking us a million questions.


And then Nicole was like, actually, and you told on us. Well I, they were like after two hours, if you don't, I actually don't think we said 21. I think we said we're 15. 'cause we in our minds thought that was Oh we did. Yes. And we did not fake IDs. Yeah. And so they were like, they were like, what's your name? I think you said Jenny Stone. Because we went to school with her. Stop. Poor Jenny. Her parents are getting A call and they were like, we're going to to arrest you if you don't tell us your parents' names. So then they came, your parents came, they got us. Your dad, who's the kindest, sweetest, most soft spoken man turned to us. I'll never forget it. And he goes, I knew this was a bad idea.


Like screaming at us. He's like, I knew this was a bad idea. Da da da. You lied to us and you were never hanging out again. Cut to the simple life. Yeah Dog. We got separated a lot. Remember when I had a piano, my piano lesson at my house and I like didn't want, they were like, okay, it's time for, 'cause we were always at each other's houses. Okay. So it was like, okay, it's time for the piano lesson. You guys have to stop, Paris has to go home. And we were like, no, we don't want to. And so we were holding hands and they were like, come on guys, come on. And my nanny like was pulling me and then like my housekeeper was pulling her and then we grabbed this hand and this hand and someone who was holding our legs up.


So we were just like flying parallel to the floor. I'll never forget That. Yeah. That was so fun. So fun. Yeah. I can't, I the fact that you guys are like, no, we're 15. Meanwhile that's like old, in your mind you're 11. We were like, no, I think we were like 11 and, but We didn't do anything. We were just, weren't Literally anything. We were just out past curfew. Classic. Just like, except you're on the Vegas strip. Yeah. But we were just like being cute and we wanted to go to the Mirage and see the Tigers. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Classic. Classic. Okay. I have to ask though, because you just mentioned your dad being like, we're, you're never doing that again. Cut to the simple life, why we're here. Obviously, aside from like, I love you guys, let's talk about the Simple Life.


We're getting an encore, we're getting a three part series. We're getting, what do we wanna call it? I call it a reunion. Special love. Yeah. Okay. Can we go back to the first original before we get to the reunion? Yes. Because obviously the original was so iconic. Paris, can you talk to me about like, how was the show originally pitched to you of like the Simple Life? 'cause it is so iconic and will be forever iconic. They didn't tell me where we were gonna go. They basically just said, we want you to go somewhere and we're gonna take away your phones and your money and credit cards. Okay. And you're just going to go somewhere. And they didn't say anything. Like, they didn't say like, you're gonna be working jobs.


Like, I, I don't How did they, it was just like, you're gonna go some somewhere. They gave Take away Everything Gave, basically they told us nothing. Nothing. We didn't know we were flying. Like even on the jet flying over there, they didn't tell us. We were just Like, we didn't know until we landed. We So, hold on. Producers pitch you this idea and you two do it together and you're both like, sounds good. And you get on a private plane. Yeah. And you fly to, what was the first place you went? Arkansas. Arkansas. Altus Love. And you then just start filming. We start filming the moment we got on the plane, I think. Oh, Interesting. Okay. Yeah. Or I think the night before. 'cause we had a goodbye party. They're yeah.


The goodbye party and they're filming, like packing and all That. Now obviously the premise is you guys like doing like jobs each episode and you're like doing a job. Had you guys ever had a real job prior to that? No. No. You were a figure. I was a, I was a skating school instructor and I was very good. You were? Yeah. Love that for you. Thank you. Okay. You guys have a little song that you liked to sing throughout filming. Can you guys remind us of how it goes? Okay. Well let me just tell you, this song is beautiful. Okay. And I did talk to you about all of our musical talents, but what I didn't say is that we wrote this song ourselves when we were seven.


If you can believe it. I mean, the talent in this room, It's really Bursting. I cap chills just from talking about it. Okay. I'm gonna close my eyes. Come on, gimme a little tune. Ready? Okay. Okay. Sun. The, the ending can get pretty loud sometimes. So, So you wrote this when you're seven, can you die? I Mean it's kind of like beautiful a work of art. It is, yeah. What did your dad say when he heard it for the first time? He was like jealous and wanted to put it on his album. And I was like, no, Pay me bitch.


Pay me bitch. Let me, before I wanna actually talk about this. You guys stopped talking at one point. I don't know if this is a sort topic, but I have to ask about it. You guys were like not filming together in season four. Yes. For the simple life. Right? What the fuck happened? Be real with me. Don't give me a PR answer. You little shit. It's not gonna be good enough for you. Okay. Okay. It, it, it, it really isn't. Okay. Like it's never good enough for people. Okay. What happened? It, it's Not even like there's nothing, nothing really happened. I mean, go ahead. Back then the media was just so toxic and I, they loved starting feuds between people because obviously that sold tabloids. So it was mostly just the media just spinning things and creating drama that didn't even exist, which was normal during the two thousands.


They did it all with everyone. It's that combined with like, and we are in our twenties and we had no time. Like it wouldn't happen now because, you know, I think like we were just so young that we didn't even know like how to communicate Yeah. With, with each other. So like, you know, if we were hearing something we just would assume, is that true? Is that not true? And we didn't have the communication skills that we have now. Yeah. To like have check-ins, which is so important. Yeah, No, I can see that. Like, you guys seeing things in tabloids and it like obviously I feel like whenever there's a duo, people want to break a duo up and it's like pitting each other against each other.


Like, who's better at this and who's better at this? And it's like, does it make you sad when you look back that it like the media fucked with your guys' relationship that heavily It makes me, yes. I mean it makes me sad. Like whatever, I don't care about the media. Yeah. It makes me like sad to think about a time without my friend. I think that it has really helped me in my communicating at this stage in my life. Yeah. And you know, I think just with all relationships, like it's so important to have check-ins and to be honest and real and you know, tender with the people that you love The most.


Yeah. I mean I think that's even applicable to like social media. Yeah. Like I bet people see in college or high school or whatever, you're like, oh my God, this friend went to this party and I didn't get invited. And everything can be misconstrued because we're posting like half versions of what's going on and you can feel so upset and frustrated if you're not included in something. Or you hear a rumor from someone and it's like half of it is usually never true. Who reached out first to clear the air? How did you guys like come back together? We were friends for a long time before anyone even knew because our, our families are friends. Right. You know, and so like, like we've been, we've been friends our entire lives.


So, you know, when you're talk like, and I don't mean to belittle it at all, but when you're like talking about some fight, like I watch, you know, I watch it with like other 20 year olds that I know and they're, they're like going through a little thing and then they're back going through a little thing and then they're back. But because our ours was a part of a TV show, it just blew up to be something that was so big Yeah. That it became impossible to like connect to or have any sort of like real like feeling around it. Yeah. You know, because like, it just became so, and and and is like, you know, we're sitting here talking about it now, you know? Right. And I'm like, yeah. Like I, there's nothing that like lives in the, on the surface in me.


Like I, you know, I have to really like, I don't know, it was just, it be, it became something that was like other worldly. Yeah. It was like bigger than you guys were like, wait, we're back as friends and people like me still asking you about it to this day. Because again, I think the media makes it like they had the biggest falling out and you guys Yeah, we got like in a fight and then as friends we got back together. Like me, my best friend will fight and be like, okay, what time are we getting dinner? Yes. Like, it's Totally, yes. Okay. That makes sense. Okay, so you guys are back. Tell me everything. How did you guys decide to do this three part series? Like tell me everything. It was during Christmas last year. It was last year I think so, yeah, last year. And we were texting and I was like, can you believe it's about to be the 20th anniversary of the Simple Life?


Like, that's so crazy. And I had gotten a DM from Braxton, who's the little boy. He was like the little three-year-old on the show. And he was telling me that he had just passed the bar exam and he's now a lawyer. So I was sending Nicole the message from him and just reminiscing with her. Oh my God. And then, And we, we were, you know, I mean this is, this is all over text. So I said, should we do something? And Paris wrote back, should we? And and I said, okay, let's, let's talk about it. Let's talk about it over, over the new year. I mean it was the first time that I think we both really like considered because we both have had people come to us and be like, do you wanna do it again?


Dah, dah, dah. And we're like, no. What? You can't do that again. Right. It's not realistic, you know? And no, that time was so special and it just was, and it was really nice. Like, because there wasn't anyone else on the call, it was just the two of us. And for that I would say two weeks where it was like just us Carter and Joel knew you came over, we had tacos and we just like talked about if we were to celebrate, you know, the 20 year anniversary, what would that look like? And you know that that, that part was very nice. That's really, I mean the whole thing's been nice but like that part was very special because no one even knew. Well I think like that's why we're also excited is it's like to see you guys back on camera together.


And even though it's just like a three part series that's like more than we could have ever asked for. 'cause I think people never thought we were gonna get that again. So thank you guys for doing that. For all of us. Wait, and you, for the first episode, you fly back to Arkansas? Yes. Can I say on SL Air? Is that a thing? S SL Air. SL Air. I asked everyone is it pink or No, your plane is, It's going to be soon. We're getting the whole thing redone in pink. I'm obsessed. What do you think the Simple Life legacy is going to be? The most iconic show to ever exist. Rap wrapping up. 'cause I know you have to fucking go. You're like 12 minutes are up.


Can you talk to me a little bit though about like how your guys' friendship has evolved over time? Because obviously you guys saying like you met at two years old, you were friends all through basically like your whole life on and off in moments, obviously as friends do now doing this again together, like you're both moms. How has your relationship evolved? It's been amazing. I mean, it's just been, so we were talking about ev even before we started and you were like, how has it been, you know, doing press, you know, with with like your friend and just the whole thing and it's just been so amazing. It really has like spending time with my friend but also working together, going out into the world and doing press together, which is a very nerve wracking thing.


Yes. And it's been so nice. I was talking to you about it last weekend. I was saying I wish we could just do everything together because it's just so fun and like, you know, it just like makes it like we laugh the whole time. No, I'm so happy that I got to sit down with you guys. We love you. Love you.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help. Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising


Morning Decisions, a creamy mocha frappuccino drink, a sweet vanilla, maybe a smooth caramel or that white chocolate mocha, whichever you choose. Delicious coffee awaits. Start your day with bottled Starbucks Frappuccino drinks. Pick up a bottle near you wherever you buy your groceries.