
Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial.


Today, Haagen Dazs is made to be savored and enjoyed slowly introducing new Haagen Dazs Belgian waffle cones. A completely new experience that's S worth slowing down for. Available in four delicious flavors, including my favorite toasted Almond Fudge. It's a crispy Belgian waffle cone full of luxurious vanilla ice cream Topped with toasted almonds and milk chocolate curls. And finished with fudge sauce at the bottom. Daddy Gang, I love, love, love, a good vanilla chocolate almond combo. So get yourself some ice cream. New Haagen Dazs, Belgian waffle cones available at retailers nationwide.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber Eats. Okay Daddy Gang. We all know Uber Eats has the best selection of local restaurants, but did you know they also eat when it comes to a whole range of delivery services? Now that might be a lot to take in, so let's break it down. Okay. Uber Eats isn't just for locked in salad bowl lunches or pre-gaming. With Thai, when you can't make it to the store, you can just get about anything you need delivered straight to your door. With Uber Eats right now, you could be checking off your whole shopping list. Okay? Of course, I'm locked in on Uber Eats when it comes to getting my lunchtime sandwiches or a good delicious meal after work. But say I need a little cocktail at the end of the day, Uber Eats is my go-to spot to get all of the ingredients I need sent to my door. I also use Uber Eats for pretty much everything. Paper towels, groceries, snacks. I even order a pair of flip flops to the nail salon, okay? They've got my back no matter where I am. When you can't make it to the store, Uber Eats brings you the store essentially. Okay? There is nothing better than putting on a good show, getting cozy on the couch and having the perfect meal delivered right to me, along with five other things that I forgot to pick up that day. Uber Eats makes it easy to have it all. Get grocery, alcohol and everyday essentials in addition to the restaurant food you love. So in other words, get almost almost anything with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


This is Paris. Paris Hilton, Paris. This is Paris. Hilton Paris. Hilton Paris. Hilton Paris. Hilton is the IT Girl that's Hot. She's been in the news nearly two decades and Elicits tape starring Paris Hilton hit the internet this week, Became one of The most recognized faces on the planet. Come on, Let's go to Paris'. I wanna rob more than 13 million people watched her show The Simple Life. Have you ever had a real job? No. All the things with social media, first person was Paris Hilton. You created that person to sort of get through. She literally gave me a career. My life has been so public. I've been talked about in such cruel and mean ways. I've been through hell and back. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Paris Hilton and her husband got married in November of 2021, the birth of your son And surprising the world with her second baby and One of the highest paid DJs in the world. In her new self-titled Memoir in season two of her Reality Show, Paris in Love. This is a whole new phase in my life. I just feel like a different person transforming and just becoming a new person, growing in ways that I couldn't even imagine before.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Air b and b. Oh my God, okay. I'm very, very excited for summer 2025 and when I think about summer, I think about my birthday because I am an August baby and I love to use my birthday as an excuse for Matt and I to go away. I don't really love big parties. I really want this summer to be a really, really romantic getaway for Matt and I. And that is where we are going to use Airbnb. I have been using the guest favorites section of Airbnb. If you guys dunno what that is, they basically post guest favorite listings that can then help inspire a trip where you want to go. Personally, I wanna be by the beach this summer. So Airbnb is the best way to make your trip one to remember because you get to explore not only a new city, but the new space in that city. And staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are as opposed to feeling like a tourist. You can grab groceries at the local market, explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants. If you just want to go somewhere but you don't really know where yet, let Airbnb make the decision for you. I'm kind of letting them do that for me. Guest favorites might inspire you and maybe you can create a new tradition of your own Daddy Gang. So if you have goals for the new year but you're worried about how to maintain them when you're traveling, Airbnb makes it easy. With plenty of privacy and kitchen space, you can still make health and wellness a priority while you're away from home. As you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to say, because your accommodation can really make or bake the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with Airbnb.


Ah, it is finally summer and I feel like summer is the perfect time to start that side hustle that you have been dreaming about Daddy Gang and Shopify. The commerce platform behind the big brands you love is the best place to start and grow your business. With tools like Shopify Magic and your own AI assistant, you can easily set up your online store and start selling your products in no time. Plus, everything is conveniently managed in one platform. Just you. No problem. Shopify basically operates as your back office replacing the need for a full staff tag and sell your products globally and across all major social platforms. Right from your phone, Daddy Gang, I have talked about Shopify. It has been my trusted go-to, especially when it comes to my merch business. I am an entrepreneur and when I'm trying to work multiple parts of my business, I can't do it all. So Shopify has had my back for years and years and years. It is a side hustle summer Daddy Gang, and you can start today. Check out Shopify dot com slash daddy. That's Shopify dot com slash daddy. You guys know what's happening? Let's go.


Daddy gang. What is Up? Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy Paris Hilton. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you. I am so happy we're finally doing this. It's long overdue. Congratulations. You just had a baby girl London. Thank you. How are you and Carter feeling? We are just so happy. I just feel like my life feels so complete. She is so beautiful and it's just so cute to see Phoenix with his little sister.


And I've always wanted a daughter my whole life. I've always wanted to have a little girl named London. So the fact that she's here now is just everything. You Kept it a secret from the whole world and your family. I'm curious like how the hell did you keep it a secret? Was there ever a moment where like the secret was almost blown? No, I'm very good at keeping secrets and I just feel like my life has been so public. Everything I've done has just always been so out there and I just really just didn't want any of that outside chatter. I didn't want people discussing my children before they were here. It was just, I don't know, I just wanted to have something for myself for once.


So Did you, it was just you and Carter that knew? Yeah, just Carter and I, no one knew like it was, it was a fun like, I don't know, like secret to have with each other I guess. Okay, well congratulations Paris. You're an icon. You were the queen of the nineties, you're still the queen, you're the original influencer. Like there's truly, we could do a nine hour interview. You're like, bitch, get the fuck outta my house. But when I think about my audience, I think about this like younger generation who obviously knows you, but I feel like they know you through like certain iconic moments. They see maybe in pictures, but they don't know the backstory to things or they know you now obviously. So I kind of wanna take a little walk down memory lane.


Okay, here we go. Do you ever Google yourself? Yes. I was googling you this morning and I'm like, every trend, I feel like that was like huge in the early two thousands. You were starting like everything you were putting on, people were going, people were buying. So I'm curious, if you had to pick three top trends that were like they're your most iconic staples, what would you pick from the two thousands? Definitely my 21st birthday dress. The Swarovski cover Julian McDonald dress that I've seen. So many people recreate it where? For their 21st birthdays or birthdays. And that dress is just, if I was a dress, I would be that dress that for sure I love.


Hmm. The little like skirts I used to wear, like the miniskirts should be the size of a belt. 'cause live short, I take risks and the floor track suits. That's why I came out with my own line. All of these iconic things that you wore, do you archive your stuff? A lot of it, yeah. Like you have like do you have any of like the razor flip phones left? Yes. The sunglasses. The sunglasses, the sidekicks covered with Swarovski crystals. Holy Shit. Will you ever let London use some of your archive or is she gonna have to kind of like do her own thing? I, I definitely have been saving pieces for her like throughout my life I've always kept things for one day for my daughter, I don't wanna wear some of the outfits for a little bit.


You Don't Too much. Looking Back, what is one thing that you definitely are like I've, I've saved this, I wanna give this to my daughter. Just like different pieces that I've got from like Dolce Gabbana, Versace, just like beautiful dresses that I know one day when she goes to prom she's gonna have like these epic, epic dresses to wear. I feel so bad for all the girls at that prom. She's gonna be like, oh my God, she has arrived. I think about your social life back then. Okay. And like truly when you were younger you were the like running the socialite scene. Obviously your last name holds a lot of weight, but like how did you get into the scene? How did you get into these clubs? How did you become friends with these celebrities? Well, before I moved to New York, I was living in LA my whole life and then I moved to New York when I was 16 and I had lived such a sheltered life before that.


My parents were so strict, I wasn't allowed to go out, I wasn't allowed to go on dates, I couldn't go to school dances. So then I moved to New York, I'm living in the RF Astoria. All the sudden my sister and I are getting invites to all these club openings, parties, premieres these huge events and we're getting sent all these designer clothes and then we met Noah Berg and then started going to all of his clubs almost every single night. And it all just happened that way. It just kind of just me going out. Did you ever worry about like upsetting your family of like, I'm gonna go the complete opposite way of what every maybe other Eris is doing of like acting proper and like being a good like Catholic girl?


My mom was so strict but I was just such a rebel and I think because she was so strict it made me rebel even more. Yeah. And I think just being an Aquarius with my A DHD, I'm just like, I have a lot of energy and I just loved going out. Like I didn't care if my mom be like, okay, you need to be home at midnight. I would figure out a way to like sneak out at night, put on a wig, like run down 30 flights of stairs at the Waldorf, sneak into like a cab, go downtown. I just had like this thing called Club iis where I was obsessed with clubbing. Also, I'm thinking about like you casually just like living in a hotel. Did that make it harder to sneak out or easier?


Harder because my parents would tell the security, they'd tell the concierge, the front desk, like everyone who worked at the hotel was like on the lookout for me. That's why I came up with all these disguises. I would take like a Barbie doll, put it in my bed, have like the hair sticking out like with the pillows in case my mom checked on me at night. Like I just came up with like the sneakiest ways. So if my daughter London ever figures out anyways, like I know every trick in the book. Yeah, that's so true. I'm wondering like do you think you're gonna take the same parenting style? Like do you think you will be hard on her? Are you gonna go like easy breezy like, oh have fun at the club sweetie. I'm gonna be, I always was upset with my mom 'cause she was so strict.


But now that I am a mom, I can totally understand like I'm gonna be so terrified when she becomes a teenager and wants to go on dates and wants to go out. Like just 'cause I know how it is. Yeah, and just how men are and how people are. Yeah. So I don't wanna be so strict where she rebels too. So it's really right. A hard thing Back then. I feel like wherever you went, paparazzi followed and there is, I would say arguably one of The most iconic photos to this day in history is a photo you just reposted on your Instagram. It is you Britney Spears and Lindsay Lohan in a car and I'm like, I think it lives rent free in every millennial's head.


It's like it's been on t-shirts, it's been on coffee mugs, like you name it, you've seen this photo. What were you guys doing that night? Like where were you guys going? Where were you? Just like, fill us in on a little bit. We were at the Beverly Hills Hotel in one of the bungalows. Oh my God. And Brittany and I were there and these guys were just being so annoying and we were just so bored. So we went into the bathroom, I was like, all right, we're just gonna like jump out this window and get outta here. And so we locked the door, jumped out the window and then started like sneaking out to the car just to, because I hate like saying bye to people 'cause then everyone's like, oh why are you leaving? And then it's like a whole half hour of having to say why you wanna leave and I'm just the type that hates confrontation.


So we basically snuck out the window, we were walking to the car and then all of a sudden just got blasted with all this paparazzi and then Lindsay came over and then we were all in the car together and dude, I had no, it was just like a normal night out. Like we weren't right doing anything and the media the next day like made it out to be like this huge deal, like vilifying us like we're bad people. It's like we're just like running young girls, like going out like everyone else does. Right. And running away from boys We're just like Irish exiting from the Beverly Hills Hotel. Exactly. It just happens to be Britney Spears, Lindsay Lohan in Paris, Hilton. Like no big fucking deal. It's so cool And like I can imagine you, it must feel so kind of cool to see like so many people still are obsessed with these big moments.


Are you still close with these people? I was riding with Lindsay like two days ago. I invited her to this party. She's coming to LA in a few months so we're gonna make plans to see each other, the babies. And then I was talking with Brittany like three days ago as well and we were planning a girls night 'cause she wants to come over and that's amazing. We just play dress up and hang out. We're just, it's really fun. It's cool to see like you're all in such different phases of your life now you guys have babies and to still be able to just like have fun and like catch up. I think it makes all of us in the world like we can sleep at night knowing the girls are thriving. Let's talk about another iconic person that is one of also The most famous people in the world, Ms. Kim Kardashian.


I'm looking at Google and I'm seeing you guys like walking in again getting paparazzi together and it's so crazy to see that like you guys were friends back then. How did you guys meet? We've known each other since we're little girls 'cause our moms were best friends growing up our entire lives and we both went to Buckley with each other and then just became close in like 2000 something when I moved to my house on Kings Road and a family friend of ours, Faye Resnick was my interior designer. I was moving everything from my one house to my other house and she's like, Kim is amazing, she's so organized, she's gonna come and help you. And then we just became best friends.


We had so much fun together, started traveling all around the world and she was the like one who was very organized and I was the one who was very disorganized so we made like an amazing team and we just had the best time together. It's just cool to see now like all of you again going in different directions like Kim, what she's built, what you have built. It's just, it's cool that you've like back in the day were going and like drinking with these girls and partying and now everyone kind of has like built their own empires. It's so incredible. I love that for the girls. I love it just to see so many of my friends and so many women building their empires and their businesses and yeah just girls are taking over the world. They are. How did you navigate dating in your early twenties when so many eyeballs were on you?


Like did you even enjoy yourself? It was hard to have any privacy because from the moment I left my house till I went to bed at night, there was 50 car cars waiting outside with paparazzi. So I had no privacy whatsoever. Any time I'd be at an event, if I even spoke to a guy like all of a sudden the next day I would say that we were dating. Like there's just been so many things in the media of guys that I didn't even know I maybe met once and then the media would just make up all these stories and just being, just having to trust someone because a lot of these guys wanted that attention. So it was hard to figure out like who to actually trust. Yeah.


Would you say you were the type of girl that was like a relationship girl or like a single girly? Like what were you up to? I feel like I loved relationships, like me being in love, like that's my favorite thing. But I also would get bored so easily. So I think back then I didn't even know who I was and I didn't trust anyone so it was kind of just like, I don't know. And so many bad things would happen to me. People would cheat on me, humiliate me and then I would have not only be humiliated then publicly all around the world people would be talking about it. So it was just really hard to let anyone in.


Yeah. Like I had such walls around my heart that I never truly let anyone in. Yeah. If I was to ask like your sister or your best friend, like what was it like dating Paris back then? What do you think they would say? Like what were you like in a relationship? I was, I was very loyal. It was fun. We were going out every single night too, so it's hard to really have a serious relationship when you're every night going to a club, something's happening And then a lot of times I would just be so over the person that again, I hate confrontation, so to break up with them so I would just ghost so many people. So I think that a lot of people would say that I was definitely like a heartbreaker and a ghoster.


I love that you're like, I really didn't wanna end relationships so it's like I'm just going to ghost them and like what would you just like, like not answer them ever again. Never answer them again basically. Did you ever make sure that a guy couldn't get into a club? Yes. No. Yes. If anyone fucked with me I would tell every single club. Do not ever let him in. Like I don't even care if I'm not even there. Just like totally blacklist them baller. Yeah. Like if you cheat you basically can't go outside. Yes. Because like you won't be able to get into even restaurants You go, you started at the clubs in Paris is like also restaurants in la, restaurants in New York. Oh wow. That's like some power that like I feel like all the ladies watching are like ooh, I wish I had that power to be able to do that.


Do you think you had a type during your twenties? Like if you could, like if all of them were in this room, was there a type happening over there? Paris? I don't know. I look back and like a cringe at some of these people. I'm like what the hell was I thinking? Why? What were they doing Or what they look I was just like beyond like I don't know, I just look back at some people and they're just like not good guys. I dunno. Even the worst, worst when you're like, why did I let them say forever that they dated me? Yes. I hate that it's just not affiliating the vibe or some of the male models are just, yeah, it's Interesting not the vibe. Okay, we gotta talk about the simple life during this time in your life you get on a reality show and it's the simple life and it's with you and Nicole Richie and it premieres and like it was literally the biggest thing I remember like it had like 13 million views in episode on network television on Fox.


Like it was unheard of how insane this show blew up. Do you ever rewatch the show? Yes you do all the Time. Tell me all your thoughts. Wait, can you tell for anyone that's like younger that hasn't watched it, can you give like the premise of this reality show? The simple life is basically about two best friends who go to these little small towns and took away our money, our credit cards, our cell phones. And we basically live the simple life but we have so much fun together and constantly getting fired from every single job and just like going and just like having these crazy adventures.


It's all across good middle America. It's So good. Tell me what you think when you re-watch it. I just laugh so much. Just it. I think that show is just so hilarious. Nicole has came over a couple times and we go into the movie theater room together at her house or here and just watch the episodes and just both just like laugh so hard that we're crying. Did you enjoy filming it? Yes. How much of the show was actually real? All of it. All of it. Especially the first season they didn't let any of the camera people talk to us. Like if we'd be like what do we do now? They're like no. Like no one was allowed to tell us any directions, nothing. Okay. So the less like glamorous side was, I remember you said, I think it was in your book you said like the producers came to you and they were like play the dumb blonde.


Like play it up like and I think what was so interesting is like that is then like it is kind of like how America then saw you. It's like this like rich dumb blonde girl. How did you handle the misconception of you back then when everyone thought you were actually this dumb? Well, with the simple idea idea, the producer said Nicole, you'd be the troublemaker Paris, you just be the dumb blonde and basically play into what you know, people would assume that we were and I would just put on that character. And I think because of what I had went through when I was a teenager it was almost like this mask or kind of like a protective shield in a way.


And then when I would go and do interviews on like the late night shows and everything, people expected me to continue being the character 'cause it would be weird if all of a sudden I was just myself and then I just kind of got like stuck in that character almost. And I dunno, it was difficult sometimes for just for people to have so many misconceptions and assume that I was something that I wasn't. Yeah. But I don't know, I also just was like having a good time and laughing all the way to the bank at the same time. So it was fine. That's what I think is so fascinating is like, I remember in middle school it was like cool if the girl was dumb, like it was like hot if the girl's just like dumb.


Yeah. And I now look back at that and I'm like, what? I can see obviously what the producers were doing. It was so brilliant. But I think for your real life did you ever start to like resent that character? Not resent it, but sometimes I would just be like, these people have no idea. But something I've always loved to do is prove people wrong. Yeah. And I know that I've definitely done that now and people can see that I'm not a dumb blonde. I'm just very good at pretending to be one. I couldn't agree more. I feel like in your documentary I feel like we got to really see like so many different sides to you. And actually I think a lot of people were like, oh my God, like we had no idea this whole time like how smart this girl is, how aware she is of this brand that she's built.


And I think I remember something people were so fascinated by was like when you kind of talked about like the two different like voices you will use and kind of like interchangeably. Like there's the high pitch and then there's the more like chill voice. And I'm curious like how do you decide when to do which voice? It's something that I've been doing for so long that I can't even like control it. Like when I get shy the voice will go up higher and then when I'm just like feeling a little bit more relaxed it's more lower. But sometimes I have to tell myself like Paris, just talk in your normal voice. But I just, I don't know what it is. It just, I think just from so many years of doing it, it's just become a part of me.


Like You did the high higher one for so long that I think that's why in the documentary it you were more in your like normal tone. And I think that's why so many people were like, yeah, They were shocked. Fuck. What does your most like authentic version of you look like? Me just chilling and like my tracksuit with my socks, no makeup, hair pulled back, puppies all over me. And just being at home with my husband and my puppies and my babies. I Love the specificity of the socks. Yeah, I love socks. Watch that be like the one thing that trends from this episode.


It's like I love socks. Socks are hot. So hot. Yeah. Okay. I do wanna talk to you about, one thing that I think is like was very like huge sadly in pop culture is like you have spoken about a lot of really like traumatic sexual experiences that you've had in your life and I think so many women have been able to connect to you even more because of how open you decided to be. Especially in your documentary. It was like, it was incredible. Yeah. One of the things that I think was really like so public was when you were 19 and you had filmed a sex tape with your current partner at the time, your boyfriend and then a few years later he decided to leak it without your permission.


And obviously the concept of like revenge porn is so huge nowadays of women struggling to like have any autonomy over their body essentially. Can you take me back to the moment when you found out that video had been leaked?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. Everyone thinks they're the main character and that's because you are okay. And it's about time you start getting treated that way. With T-Mobile. T-Mobile customers can get exclusive experiences, perks and benefits like free inflate wifi, discounts on hotels and rental cars and even special access and surprising perks at the hottest shows. Concerts, festivals and sporting events. Daddy Gang, who doesn't want all of that? Okay, I wanna get in the air. Boom. I got free wifi, I wanna go to fun concerts, I wanna go to shows, I wanna go to festivals and I wanna get all the perks. But why are you not getting them? Because you don't have T-Mobile. Okay. Not to mention T-Mobile. Thanks you every Tuesday with perks. You just can't say no to total main character energy. Now that is magenta status for you Daddy Gang T-Mobile has been trusted in my family since I don't even know how I can, I mean when did I get a phone? Boom. High school. And there you go. They've had my back and now they have yours. With T-Mobile, you can be the main character you were always meant to be. Be the main character at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Pandora jewelry. Step into the freedom of summer with jewelry that reflects who you are and where you're going. Daddy Gang, from sunrise to sunset, Pandora jewelry transports you to paradise. No passport required. From ocean charms to colorful tennis bracelets, shop new arrivals to add to your summer staples. Be unmissable this summer with vacation ready designs. Feel it, live it, embrace it. Be love. Shop in store or online@pandora.net to discover new styles.


Can you take me back to the moment when you found out that video had been leaked? Like where were you? Who were you with? How did you find out? That was one of The most painful experiences of my life. I was with my sister Nikki and we were in Australia and I got a call from someone on my team and they told me that one of the entertainment shows received a 32nd clip and I did not believe it. I was like, what? I'm like that has to be fake. Like there's no way. 'cause I didn't even remember making it. And then they sent it to me and just, I just like felt like my whole world was ending. Like I was in hysterics crying.


I didn't know what to do. I didn't even wanna fly back home to LA because I knew as soon as I landed there would be so many paparazzi and reporters waiting and I kept changing my flight and just staying in Australia with my sister, I didn't know what to do. They wanted me to go back to LA because the simple life was about to come out. I was supposed to go on a press tour for that. I was like, there's no way I am doing that. I canceled everything. And then just going back home, I just didn't wanna leave my house. I was so depressed, I was so humiliated. I felt like I had had let down my family, my little brothers, my sister. Like it was just, I put so much shame on myself.


And now being an adult and looking back, I just realized that shame should not have been on me. I was a teenage girl, someone who I loved and was with in a relationship and who I trusted. This was pre-internet, pre-social media. I had no, he promised me no one would ever see it. And it was just one of The most traumatic things I've ever experienced. And looking back now today, that would all be illegal. Yeah. And people were so vicious and so mean and just the whole world watching it, laughing about it every late night host just talking about it, making jokes.


And it's something that will haunt me for the rest of my life. Just one night with someone who I loved and trusted. I'm curious like in the moment, 'cause I I, what's so frustrating about sex tapes is what you're doing is what everyone does. You're having sex, you decide to film it, but can you take me to like were, how did you feel about it when it was being filmed? We had been together a while. Yeah. And he was pressuring me and being like, oh let's do a tape. And I was like, no I don't want to. And then he was like, okay fine. If you won't do it, I'll just call someone else. And kind of like threatened me in a way. Like, okay, if you won't do it then someone else is gonna come here and do it. And I was just so dumb and so like young and naive that I gave into it because I was scared that he would have someone else come over.


But now looking back, if I, someone would say that to me now, I'd be like, fuck you. Like right. I never wanna fucking look at you again. Yeah. So it just makes me, I don't know, sad for myself that I let someone manipulate me like that and now for the rest of my life people are gonna judge me on that and assume that I'm like a slut because of one night with someone. That's what's really fucked up. And I feel like I've, every time any woman is like exploited in media, I feel like it takes so many years for people to have the conversation about like the Slut Shaming that you endured. Like can you talk a little bit about like how you handled, like everyone was like you, I remember you wrote in your book, I wrote it down, the world thinks of me as a Sex Symbol and I'm here for that because symbol literally means icon.


But when people saw that sex tape, they didn't say icon, they said slut and they said whore. Like when you look back and now even having like a daughter on like yourself, like how do you think that should have been handled? I think that they should have looked at it in a way like, this is a teenage girl. Like we shouldn't even be talking about this. Like this person should be in jail. And the fact that people were just so mean and like thinking it's funny, like it was just, it was disgusting just to have to see just what, I don't know, just misogynistic people, people just being so judgemental and I don't know, everyone vilifying me and then celebrating him like it was just, and then for people to think that I was in on it as well, that was the the part that pissed me off The most where people thought that I was involved in this 'cause that was the last thing that I would ever want in my life.


Like I always looked up to all these amazing women and I felt like when he did that to me, he took all that away from me and I could have never been the person who I wanted to be. Yeah. I feel like something about being this like, yeah Sex Symbol, this like hot woman that everyone looked at in not even just America, the world. Like I'm curious like how you felt about yourself and your sexuality behind the scenes while everyone else was like getting off to you, watching your sex tape, talking about your body, your looks like, how did you feel? It just made me scared about anything that had to do with sex. Like after that I was so closed off, I didn't wanna hook up with anyone 'cause I was just nervous.


Like I would date people but I would only kiss them because I would just be nervous to do anything else. And then the whole world is assuming, oh she's this, this Sex Symbol. But deep down inside like I didn't even want to let anyone do anything to me. Yeah. But everyone because of that tape assumed that I was like doing that every night with people. Right. Yeah. That's something that like I remember I struggled at the beginning of my show was like, I remember I went through like a really weird period with sex because I felt like I like was speaking about it so openly that then when I met guys they thought like, oh she must be like doing some crazy shit in the bedroom. And it's like, sure if, if I love you and we're like having a great intimate bond.


But like it, there was almost like a pressure I started to feel like I was putting on myself. And I'm curious like reclaiming your own sexuality, like how did you handle connecting with a man? It took me a while just like people even gave me the nickname of Miss Blue Baller and that's what people would call me because I wouldn't do anything. But then in the public people assume something else. Yeah. And then I kind of just, I don't know, played into the character and like doing the Carls Jr commercial doing all these really sexy shoots. So kind of like exuding and sh like showing this kind of Sex Symbol vibe. But deep inside I didn't feel that way at all.


Yeah, it's so weird. Like men will never understand. It's like you, there's a way to like yes progress in the world through your looks and through like in moments like playing the game. But then it also doesn't like negate the fact that like you are a human being and like you are going home at night feeling so oversexualized and it's just like there's, it's a hard like dichotomy of like wanting to be seen for who you are but also recognizing we still live in a man's world so you're gonna play the fucking game in some moments. And I think the sex tape thing, I, I agree with you. I think it was like, it's the perfect example of like how wrong the world is with like why was it all about you and how much of a slut and a whore you were that what you had sex with your boyfriend.


Yeah. It's like why is he not like a predator at this point for like putting something out like that? And I think it, I don't know, I just get frustrated when like the narrative is still so skewed. Like we still see it to this day. If something comes out about a woman, you're not being like, well who put it out? Well the man did. It's all on the woman. So I appreciate you sharing that Ka. I just think it's like important to like you are now a mother and like you have built this empire and I do think it's important sometimes to talk about these things 'cause it reminds people like something from your past that felt like the end of the world in that moment. Like it does not define you. I appreciate you talking about it. 'cause I know it's, thank you. It's a lot. Thank God. It's a different time. Like I feel like there's just been, there's a lot of work to do but I think there's been a lot of progress And also like, I think it's really amazing that you are so open about talking about things.


'cause that, I don't know, when I listened to your podcast, that's why I was scared to do your podcast. 'cause I'm like, oh my God, I'm so not used to talking about sex and things and, but you, I think it's amazing how you use your voice and you really inspire others to Thank you guys. Just be open about who they are. Thank you. Okay, we're gonna play your little rapid fire. Okay. What is a recent purchase that you spent too much money on? Hmm. Don't lie to me At Chanel in Paris during fashion week, but it actually wasn't my money. My husband is so sweet. He is like, I want you to have like a pretty woman moment. He's, I was going on a sister trip to Paris with my little sister and for her birthday, so he's like, here's my credit card, go and spend whatever you want.


And it was our 46 month anniversary. So it was just so sweet that 'cause no guy's ever done that to me and said like, here's my card, like go and Chanel and buy whatever you want. So I guess that wasn't me. But What did you buy? Everything. No, I bought these shoes. So much jewelry, so many purses, sunglasses. Just like it was so much fun. I love you. You're Like, like I didn't even, I love all my question is what did you spend? You're like, and it wasn't even my money ladies. That is the way to do it. Take his card. Thank You you daddy. You ever, Have You ever been like the one that was like having to buy boyfriend shit?


Like were you always the one that was like the breadwinner? A a couple people, Those models. Man I feel like it's, it's just not attractive. I just, I don't know. Right, like get your own credit card. Yeah. It's beyond like there's been some people and just like lose all respect for them and then you're just like their total boss and you're just like, I can't even look at you anymore.


This is an advertisement from Better Help Daddy Yang. You know that I have always been a supporter and a proponent for therapy. It is quite literally changed my life. It has changed my family's lives and people around me who are in therapy, we all collectively have said it has made us better people. But something I always think about is most of these people that are speaking about this are women, right? And what about the men? Men today face a men's pressure to keep it all together, but bottling things up can lead to depression or, and I think we see this most unhealthy habits. Here's the thing, it's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying. So you can be the best version of yourself to everyone in your life. If you are a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone. Please. Better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with a therapist at the click of the button, helping you fit therapy into your busy schedule. You can also switch therapists at any time. The point is start talking. It will help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash daddy. That's better. HEL p.com/daddy.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Okay. You know the moment at night when you're locking up, you're turning off the lights and you just want to feel completely safe before heading to bed. That is what SimpliSafe can give you. I am probably mostly talking to my girls because I know when Matt's outta town and I get anxious and I'm like, oh my God. What's that? You wanna feel safe, right? Most security systems only take action after someone breaks in and that is just too late. Simply Safes new active guard Outdoor protection helps stop break-ins before they even happen. AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents detect suspicious activity around your property. And if someone's lurking agents, literally talk to them in real time. Turn on spotlights and can call the police proactively deterring crime before it starts. So Daddy Gang, we can sleep easy. Okay, so the monitoring plans start around $1 a day with no contracts or hidden fees, plus a 60 day money back guaranteed. Boom. Find out why more than 4 million Americans trust SimpliSafe to protect their homes today. Daddy Yang, please take care of yourselves. Visit simplisafe.com/daddy to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That is simply safe.com/daddy. There's no safe, like simply safe.


Do you have that a lot where people like actually like ask you for things for money? Yes. How Do you navigate that? I hate saying no to people, so I sometimes I just give it or I ghost Paris. I was literally gonna say, are you ghosting the people? It's like an, it's like Paris, can I have this just ghost? No. If it's someone who's like, I feel bad for them and like they're like a nice person. But then there's other people who are just greedy who don't wanna work and they're just like, Ghost. Yeah, ghost. Okay. What is a guaranteed way to give you the Ick that Greedy Bitch that And when people are really like sweaty and they come up and they wanna give you a kiss on the cheek or they, it's like the European way and they go like twice.


Or in some countries it's three. So it's like sweaty. I'm just like, like you know, you have sweat on your face, why are you doing this to me? And that happens a lot. And like you have, what I can say is like afterwards I'm like I need whoever, like whatever skincare you're up to over there. You don't need any sweaty lips, but like I like need all your, can you tell us your skincare routine? Yes. Well it's my skincare line. Right, Right, right. And I'm just obsessed with anything to do with skincare. My mom taught me all about it when I was eight years old. So just using the serums and the eye creams and now with all this tech, I built this living spa downstairs. I'll show you it after. It's like this full on spa that has all this like equipment and you'd see like in like a medical place with like huge machines and like hyperbaric chamber, cryotherapy machine, like HydraFacial, like these like lasers and things that like tighten your skin.


It's, I've never done any Botox. I've never done a filler. I'm 100% natural. Wait, So do you go down there like every morning When I have time you're like, bye Carter. Grab your coffee and be like four hours, let's get into it. I do it on the weekends but then like during the week, sometimes if I'm doing calls or emails or things like that I can just like kind of lay in one of these things and kind of just multitask. I'm such a multitasker. Do you ever do Zoom calls from like the chamber? Yes. The chamber is amazing. It looks like a spaceship. It can fit for people. Do you think that your friends really truly love you or are they just coming for the spot aspects?


Because I, I'm like Paris, what are you doing this weekend? Weekend? Yes. Wow. Okay. That's amazing. That's sick. That's like goals. Okay. What is your biggest insecurity? Just how shy I am. Hmm. I get especially like being out. I'm get so socially awkward and ever since like the pandemic it's like gotten worse where I'm just so shy and I wish that I wasn't that way. Like why? 'cause you think people would expect something different when they meet you? I don't know, I just get really just shy, weird. I don't know. I'm just very shy when it comes to speaking with people and meeting new people and sometimes I just get so overwhelmed, just so many people coming up.


So I wish that I was more confident in that way where I wouldn't feel so shy or like my cheeks get so red and I hate that. You're doing great sweetie. Thanks. You're doing great today. When was the last time you cried Last night. What Happened? That was a good cry. Oh, I was on the plane and I just posted a video on TikTok of my little baby and just reading the comments, just people are so sweet and just showing him so much love and just the things that they're saying to me. Just touch me so much. Yeah. And it just makes me cry. Yeah. I cry like every day reading people's messages you do. And just reading people's messages saying like you inspire me or thank you for what you've done.


Using your voice and just girls and people who have been through the same thing as me and just hearing just how I touch people like that just touches me so much. Yeah, I'm such a sensitive person That just Reminded me like I feel like you're someone that doesn't address drama. Like you're kind of like, don't care, don't give a fuck. And I can I ask you kind of about like your decision recently there were people being like absolutely disgusting and awful online about your son and you spoke up about it. Like how did you decide to say something? I feel like my mama of their instincts came out like you could say what you want about me, but this is my little innocent angel, an infant. And the fact that there's people that are that sick in the head that they're gonna go and talk like that about a little baby was just so wrong and just so hurtful.


And I actually just wrote back like a comment on TikTok to someone and then the press took that and then yeah said that I made a statement but then after someone asked me and then I just said how I felt. Yeah. 'cause I just don't think it's right and I think it's just so cruel that people would be mean about a little baby. It's like disturbing how like casual people think it is to just like leave comments that are so nasty on people's pages as if it won't affect you. And I think sometimes, especially if you have a lot of followers, people feel like you don't see it. But here you are sitting being like, I love my fans. I read so many of their comments, I am crying on the plane 'cause they're being so sweet.


So obviously you're gonna see the mean ones and I agree. I think when, especially when it's not about you, it's like it's your platform. You know people are gonna like come at you, but when it's about a baby you're like, what the fuck is wrong with you? Yeah. Like you have serious issues. What is something people would be surprised to find in your home that they wouldn't expect? The big alpaca when you walk in. Wait, what? It's not real. It's Kim and Chris and Chloe. When Phoenix was born delivered this like huge alpaca that is like seven feet tall. It's the cutest thing in the world. So I have it in the front entrance next to my big, like this big giraffe that has like a chandelier coming out of it.


Oh my God. That's really cute. I'll show. Do you have like a specific like love for alpacas or It was just like a random, I love alpacas. Okay. And so they knew that so they're like here you go. I love that. Wow. I will say I did your photos around your house are fabulous but like there's so many photos of you around this house that I was like, I wanted to like take a picture of every single, I'm like, you look amazing in all of them. Thank you. Is Carter like can we throw one up of me? He has one of me and him. There's one of Him. It's a painting I got for one of our anniversary or month anniversaries and it's like the picture of our first, not our first kiss, but our first public kiss at this Christmas party.


We'd been dating a month. Yeah. And we were just like making out. And then Paris Jackson was like, can I have your phone? And took like a bunch of pictures of us that are so cute. 'cause it was like our first right. Like pictures. 'cause we were only dating like a few weeks. Yeah. So it's not like I'm gonna like ask him to take pictures. Right. And she took them and those are pictures I'll always cherish. So I had them painted. That is So sweet. Wait, did you own this house before Carter you and your relationship? No, I was living at my other House. Oh. Oh, well. So you moved in here and you said Carter back up all the photos that were gonna be of me, you just relaxed. He loves it. He loves it. So sweet. That is really sweet. Actually is way better than the guy being like, I want mine up there.


You're like, oh my God. Oh my God. If there was a guy who had pictures like this, like I do everywhere I would. You were so beyond If you had ended up with the model, huh? Yeah, exactly. What happened? What is the craziest rumor you've ever heard about yourself? Hmm. There's lots of those as well. One of the craziest was people once said that I was dating Michael Jackson. Oh. Which was just The most random rumor ever. So I've known him my entire life. My mom and him were best friends growing up since they were 13. So he was like part of my family. And then I don't know how it came out about like one article we wrote one day that we were dating and that was just such a random thing 'cause he was like my uncle.


So I was like, what? That is probably, I don't know if I'll ever be able to ask someone that question again on the show and get a more iconic answer than, oh the fact that everyone thought I was dating Michael Jackson. Okay. I think it's so, so adorable that you are married to Carter, but you guys have known each other for 15 years and you didn't start dating until 2019. Yes. Talk to me about that day. Like what made you change your mind? I wasn't even looking to date anyone. I was single for a year at this point. I went home to the Hamptons for Thanksgiving and then my mom said, oh, I'm gonna go to my friend's house for lunch. Do you wanna come with me?


And I was like, okay. And I walk in and I see like this guy sitting there and he's had the biggest smile and then he was just so sweet. He was with his mom and he was just like, just so attentive with her. And I feel like you can tell a lot about a man by the way he treats his mom. 'cause you know that he'll be a great husband and father one day. And he was just so different from everyone else. Like he was just like this sweet, cute nerd and just so, I don't know, I was just like getting all like nervous and shy and we had lunch together that day and then we came back that night for Thanksgiving dinner and I was just like thinking about him all day, like Googling him, like looking him up and then seeing like he was like this brilliant businessman and like he was someone I'd known for so long.


But I feel like timing is everything and I was not ready for a nice guy back then, because I didn't even know who I was at this point. And this was right before my documentary was about to come out. So I was on this whole like journey of self-discovery and like learning who I was. And then that night I was having dinner and then I was like, let's go outside. We went outside and I just went for it and just like started making out with him, like against the tennis court, like chain link fence. And ever since that night, that was like it. We've never spent a night apart after that. I, It was like, Damn was hot.


It was hot. I love also that you're saying like, he wasn't like, you're like what you normally went for. Like can you give girls advice listening of like, they're stuck in their ways, they have this one type, they think it's their type. Like why should we sometimes venture out and go something for something different? I'm just so happy I went for someone different because someone who's not in the scene, not in the industry, he doesn't care about fame, doesn't care about any of that. He's a total opposite of anyone that I've ever been with. Amazing. And I feel like if you're dating the same type of guy and it's not working out, maybe it's good to try something else. Yeah. Because you never know. And now I've never been happier. I just feel like I found my, my person, my other half, my home, I feels just so at peace.


Before I was just always just like wanting something else and like always looking to see like what else was out there and I never was settled down. And with him it's like I, I just, I know that we were meant to be like, I feel like my grandma and his dad are in heaven and they like talked and we're like, we need to like hook these two up. Like something like, I feel like it's really fate. It's amazing. How long did it take you for him to like, to show him like the real Paris? We, I had never like really shown myself to anyone, so it, it was just like, he came over the next night and we had a date at my house and he's like, I wanna get to know the real Paris Hilton.


And I was just so shy. And You're like, No, I drank like a bottle of rose and then I was able to like be more comfortable with him and then we just started getting closer and closer Paris. But it was, yeah, it was like the first time I had really done that, I don't know, I was like, It's amazing. You kind of like, I guess that's kind of what, yeah, like how you would know is like, you kind of just went right into it and knew as opposed to like, you could be talking to someone for years and you've never shown them. Like the fact that it was kind of like the next night you're like, alright, let's start. Like, that's amazing. What qualities does he bring out in you that you now like, about yourself that you maybe didn't sh get to like, like exude when you were in other relationships?


Just, he makes me feel just so safe. And before I was always just on edge. I was always like, oh my God, this person's gonna do this. They're gonna cheat on me, they're gonna do that. And I, with him, I just know that's not gonna happen. So he just makes me feel like calm, like I could be myself. Like he lifts me up in so many ways and supports me in everything that I wanna do. And he's also just, he's so organized and like so smart and then he just helps me be my best version of myself. Like I love it. I feel like I've never felt just like happier, more fulfilled with my business, with my personal life, with just everything.


Like we're custom made for each other. When you were saying that, that you feel so safe, I was like, where did I see this that didn't you have like a MacBook for every single boyfriend you had? Yes. Can you explain this logic? Every single boyfriend you had in your life, you would get a different MacBook for that period of your life. Yes. Explain This was because before my boyfriends would get so controlling and so psychotic, they'd be like, I need to look through your i your iCloud or I photo thing and like wanted to look through the albums and everything. And if there was any picture of an ex or a guy, they would like start erasing it, screaming, going crazy, throwing the computer at me, hitting me like it was terrifying.


Like I dated so many assholes and really abusive people, so I just had like trauma. So I was like, I need to get a new computer every time because they're gonna go into it and I didn't wanna erase all my memories. Yeah, I think that's fucked up. When people make you erase shit, it's like, okay, we all had a past. It's okay. It's like memories are good. What is a mom skill you have that people would be surprised to know about you? That you're like finding yourself? Like now in motherhood you're like, Ooh, I kinda have this down, or I'm good at this, or I like this about myself. I'm good at bedtime lullabies, just like I can put him to sleep so easily just by holding him and singing stars are blind.


Gimme a little something right now. Go ahead. I'm gonna close my eyes. I'm so shy. I can't even do it in front of you. That's not what, what if I don't look at you Even's? Let's ing it together. I Okay. Okay. I can envision it. I heard like a little like even, oh God. I was actually good. I did it yesterday. Honestly, as long as it's putting him to bed. You're good. Okay, last question. Obviously your fans are so obsessed with you, they will follow you to the end of the earth. What can they expect next? I know you just referenced the book, but like, tell me everything about everything.


What are you doing? What can they expect? Well, the Book is gonna be turning into a TV series with a 24 and the Fanning sisters producing it with me. This is like what we've all been waiting for is like, we need to watch this on television. And like, you knew that, but you had to wait for the right moment. This is, that is amazing. Oh my God. I'm gonna be glued to the tv. Yes. That is so, so exciting. I'm so excited. And so you're gonna be helping produce? Yes. So we're just getting the writers right now and I'm just so excited for this project and my new album. I've been in the studio, I've SIA executive reducing my full album. Oh my God. So that she's gonna be here tonight. I love her so much.


She's The most brilliant songwriter of our time. I'm so honored to be working with her. Megan Trainer has written me so many epic songs. The album is so sick here to save pop music. She's back Paris. I can't thank you enough for coming on. It was like truly well overdue. Everyone is going to be obsessed and just thank you for giving me your time and I'm just so happy that we got to do this. Thank You too, honey. Thank you. Thank you. Woo.


Okay. You're great at protecting your personal data. You might even use things like two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. But your data still is out there often in the hands of less careful than yours. Okay. That is why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. So Daddy Gang, take care of yourself. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/daddy terms apply.


Summer's coolest mattress deals are going on now at Ashley Stars and Stripe Sale this summer. Save up to a thousand dollars on select mattresses and say goodbye to hot sleep and save up to $500 on the best selling Tempur Breeze collection. Plus, feel the freedom to snooze now and pay later with 0% interest until 2030 on in-store purchases made with your Ashley Advantage Synchrony credit card. Better sleep starts at Ashley. Subject to credit approval. Minimum monthly payments required. See store for details.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer Shoe Warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with Sleek low profile sneakers obsessed with the shear trend. Try it with mesh flats, peeling boho comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.