
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. You ever see someone on Tinder that takes your breath away? Take my breath away. Now with Tinder's first impressions, you can send a message to help stand out before you match. Try gassing up their hottest, take bond with them over a weirdly specific obsession. Or hit them with a joke they have to respond to. Try Tinder's first impressions feature and explore all of the possibilities for yourself. Tinder, it starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today.


Call her daddies. Brought to you by vire. Vire gives members exclusive access to a designer closet so you can elevate your every day. You guys have seen this online. You guys have seen the girlies with these cute bags. And one day they've got it. And the next they send it back and they get another one. Vire is a memberships only club. To borrow designer and luxury accessories. Members can treat the Vire closet like their own, borrowing anything within their tier. VRE has no return dates, swap items monthly or keep items as long as you like. This is a great, great idea. If you're going on a trip, you need a cute outfit, boom. Hit up VRE use code. Call Her Daddy to get to the top of the VRE wait list and 30% off your first four months of membership code. Call Her Daddy. Hurry up. Ladies.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Sofi. The next Gen finance app, Daddy Gang. Managing your finances is so important and Sofi can help. Sofi just launched Sofi Plus America's most rewarding financial membership, all in one app. With Sofi Plus, you can unlock $1,000 plus in value across banking, investing, spending, and more available for $10 a month or at no cost with direct deposit. Power up your money with Sofi Plus at Sofi dot com slash Call Her Daddy.


What is Up? Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Penn Badgley. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Hello. Thank you. I'm so happy you're here. So you said this isn't not normally what you would wear. Is this what anyone would normally wear? No, that's what What would you u usually be wearing? I mean, just My clothes. Yeah, like jeans sweats. No, no, no. I mean, no. I, I, I would wear, I would wear. So I mean, the real answer, I have like three pairs of pants Got that I wear, that I wear on rotation. Two of them are in all of the tiktoks I've ever made, or, or, and in my pocket. I mean, it's just, there's green pants and there's gray pants.


Okay. Everyone that follows you is like, oh, the green pants. I know the green pants. And they're all, I, so I think I got them right before the pandemic. This is, this is true. And then, you know, fatherhood pandemic, the fact that my job, I'm never wearing my own clothing when I'm working. I mean, and you know what they are, they're j crew unpaid. I wouldn't ever Do Know. He's a j crew boy, But I'm, I'm not a j crew boy at all. But they're just pants, you know. Okay. I love that for You're just pants. Yeah. Your wife is pregnant? Yes. With twins. Yes. Are you ready? Who could be this the, yeah. As ready as we could be. When you found out that you were having twins, what was the reaction And emotion Really Gotta stretch for this coaster Here.


I know. I'm like, I fucked, I fucked up. I'm trying to, no, I fucked up. I Fucked up. That's okay. That's okay. Okay. A reaction. Well, so my wife is a doula. So, so birth is a big part of our world. You know, for me, a 38-year-old man, I think I'm probably, you know, I happen to be, birth is just, it's like, it's in my, know what I mean? So, so actually when we thought we were just gonna have one and we were close to being like, no, we're good. You know, we were, we were close. Then we decided, no, you know what? Let's, let's try it. And I think we thought maybe one would be, you know, we know what it is.


We have two, we're surrounded by children and people who are having children. That's just kind of, I think it was like, we knew like, yeah, it's gonna be a lot, but it's, it felt like a known quantity. And then it was just, it was like, oh, oh, this is how it will be. Very new. Here we go. Yeah. Yeah. Adding two. Yeah. You guys are, you guys are gonna do incredible. But you're brave. It's gonna be, yeah. No, I mean, it's, it's as, it's, it's, it's great. I mean, actually, to be honest, like when we see the sonograms right now, seeing them together. So first of all, as an only child, you know, it's very touching to see them already. So together, they're so together, they're just like, there was one shot of them where they looked like they were just hanging out in a hot tub.


'cause they both were like, up like this. Or at least in the sonogram. I don't know which direction was north or south here. 'cause you know, it's it's own world. But, But they looked like they Were having their tie, but they looked like they were just, you know, they were sitting across from each other, Just like talking shit and Just sort of like twitching. You know? I mean, it's, and they're in, they're in a different position every time we see them. What do you think is your best dad quality? Currently What comes to mind is listening and then, and then saying, I'm sorry. You know, those are two things that I think fathers are not, you know, when men are getting a lot of shit and these days, when are they not?


Am I, I'm, but, you know, men can be good people. They can be great people, they can be great dads. Dads can be great. We sh we, and unfortunately there are enough of us who have shown us otherwise. Right. But fathers can be great. And, and I think, but what we do not attribute to a father much, I think is saying something like, I'm sorry. And like, really listening and like, you know what I mean? Yeah. I think that's like, almost like baseline. People are like, oh no, just like, go to your mom if you have a mom, because like, the dad's not gonna listen. So I think it's like nice that you're acknowledging. Yeah. I'm, I'm trying to be opposite there. Just, just in those at least, I mean, look, there are other things that I do.


It's not like I can only listen and say I'm sorry. That would imply I'm just constantly messing up. And Basically I know. I'm like, damn. You're just constantly saying, yeah. I'm so sorry. I'm so Sorry. I hear you. And I'm sorry. That's also what you have to do to your wife. Yeah. Right. That's whenever I, whenever I'm having a problem with my husband, he'll be like, what was I even thinking? I'm so sorry. I love you. I like, I've learned better. I like, what was I even thinking? That's a nice, Okay. Your podcast obviously focuses on people's, like, middle school experiences. Yeah. So I kind of wanna like, go back a little bit today to with you to mine. Yeah, sure. Let's go back to yours. How would you have described yourself as a kid? That's actually, I've thought about this. I'm not sure exactly how I saw myself.


I think, well, what I can be sure about is that I was, in that particular period of 12, 13, 14, I was a bit horrified by like MI very, very, very self-conscious, very extremely self-conscious About what I mean, probably mostly the way that I looked and then also the way that I sounded. So those are the two, you know, You look, how did you sound? Well, before my voice changed, like anybody, I had a bit of a high and nasally voice. And so also I moved to LA to become an actor when I was 12. So I was simultaneously pursuing, you know, this career.


And I mean, I had no idea what I was getting into, but I think that made me self-conscious. So I mean, everybody, I think a lot of people go through this and a lot of times it's just, it just is what it is. I was, I was pretty chubby and, and there was a period where I was fat, you know? And that happened to have a big impact on my, on the way I felt about myself. It did. It really did. Because Did you feel that way when you were alone? Or was it a lot of like, people saying things about you? Because I feel like when you're at that age, it's always like, kids are gonna of course make you realize things that you're like, wait, my parents made me think I was great. Yeah, yeah. Well, and for me, you know, the truth is like, I was a pretty constitutionally skinny kid and it was this period where my parents' marriage was falling apart.


We lived, we were really isolated. We lived in the middle of, we were on a mountain in, outside of a town called Issa quo in Washington State. It might be quite developed now, but in the mid nineties it was not. And we had, we had moved very suddenly from the East coast very far away. So, so, and my cat died on the third day of moving there. Just didn't come home. So I was like eight, I think. And, and I was just, you know, had no social outlet vibe at home was, yeah. It was, you know, what happens when divorce is like quite needed?


So yeah, I was, I was sad as, as kids can be, I think as many kids, you know, are as you're kind of coming into your consciousness. But also I feel like, because I talked to my mom about this a lot 'cause she was an only child and her parents didn't have a great relationship. So I feel like it makes you grow up pretty quickly because you are like, it's almost like you're one in three adults. It feels like immediately. That's, yeah. That's, that's the, that part definitely. Like You, which is not normal. Yeah. Well, or I mean, it's normal for, you don't know what's not normal. Yeah. So being an only child from your experience growing up, like what, how would you have described your relationship with your parents? That's an interesting question.


'cause I, 'cause from 12 years old on my memories, feel a bit void of parents. Even though my mom was present. I mean, I moved with my mom to, to la Like In fact, when I visit here now, you know, it's just, it's surreal when I'm in places that I used to be when I was very young, you know? So You moved when, and your parents got divorced around the time that you moved here for acting and did your dad stay? Yeah. And your mom picked up and left with you? Yeah. I mean, a lot of actor kids, this is the case. 'cause like why is a kid gonna truly pick up and leave with one parent?


Like, what's, you're not leaving like a, a flourishing family life behind. So yeah. That, that tended to be the pattern. Is there like a core memory that comes to mind when you think about, like a moment from your childhood where you remember being like, oh, my parents don't have the healthiest relationship? Yeah, I mean, I, it is so early, so early. I don't even know. When I was 14, I, I, I saw my, my parents dance together. It was long after they've been divorced.


It was at a function for a show I was on. It's like a, and they danced together for one song and they, and they, and they sort of hugged us and they, but, but what it was, it demonstrated a closeness that I didn't realize until years later when I was like, why do I remember this? And think about it every now and then, you know, like, and 'cause it made me uncomfortable. It made it, it made me feel a type of way that I couldn't identify. But that is to say they demonstrated a closeness that I had like ne you know, never seen them, them have they, you know, there are two people who they came together, like who, you know, their parents and the parents.


Like they're, they're a generation where like, they didn't have, they had so little modeling of like, not only did they not have modeling, they didn't have like the consciousness that we have now around, you know, relationship dynamics, like listening and I'm saying, I'm sorry. You know, like they, there was, Didn't, Didn't exist. What a concept. You know, they just, they like, it's amazing that they stayed together long enough to have me. And that they were like, yeah, and also let's keep doing that. Like, I don't, I, you know, it Oh, it, they don't have a good answer for it. They, yeah. That's really interesting about the dancing thing because I feel like I've talked to people before who are like, I literally, because obviously you either replicate or try to do the opposite of what you watch your parents do from a young age.


Yeah. So for you to like, watch a form of intimacy at 14 years old and be like, what are, this is so strange to watch them dance and like hug and be cordial. Like, when you were younger, did you ever have romantic relationships that you felt comfortable being overly affectionate? Yeah. Well actually, so this is, I think at least for boys, I don't, I don't know. I know that it's not just me. I mean, I actually was, because I was starved for many kinds of intimacy. The one kind that I understood didn't understand it was sexual and romantic intimacy.


So, I mean, I think as soon as those, I was gonna try to think of a word other than juices, but, you know, those chemicals, juices started flowing, were flowing. That's, that's, that's when I just craved that crave. I mean, you know, and again, show me a teenager who doesn't really, I mean, I think for sure that's, it's, it's of course quite typical. But I think particularly for, for people who grow up in homes where there isn't a lot of intimacy, I think what they crave is that, you know, you crave what you see on the, in the notebook or whatever. And we didn't have that then. But you, the Titanic, you know, I'm not a, a romantic movie or romantic comedy person at all. Really? Feels Like you're Ben. But, but see, but the Titanic or No, it's Titanic, isn't it?


It's not the Titanic. Yeah, Titanic cut the Bow Titanic. Like I loved, and I didn't see it a bunch the way everybody did, but I just thought like, like, good, good lord, I wanted that, you know, you want, you love comes in so many forms. So many forms. And it's actually tragic for us all that we have conflated it so completely with just sex. But, you know, I mean, from a very young age, that's what I wanted. I think that also makes sense because, because you didn't have anything like that at home. Then I think once you taste it and you like feel it, okay, where these analogies are The juices, right?


The juices. Lemme just go ahead and reach over here for my tea and bring it on the long trip around. Bring the Fuck. Yeah. But I think then once you probably felt that you're like gonna crave it because it's like, I can't get any of that at home. Whereas maybe someone like was like, okay, I've seen it. I know it's out there again. Yeah. Where once you've, this Is, I'm gonna go right there. I want that thing. Yes. You Know? Yes. Yeah. Now, being a father, I'm curious if there were any like, behaviors that you witnessed as a kid in your house that you are never want your kids to experience? Yeah. Well, it would be just the, it would be the, the vibe, the, the, just the saint calling it coldness.


I feels a bit unforgiving to my parents. It's, it's not, 'cause it, that sounds like there's intent behind it, you know, and awareness. But it just, just a, there wasn't a lot of life at home. There wasn't a lot of life. But I get what you're saying. I also think it's like, as you get older, I'm sure you've realized, like, it's weird when you have resentment of your childhood and then as you become a parent. So I've heard it's like, oh wow. Well that's all it is. They were really doing the best that they could. Yeah. And it doesn't mean that you didn't experience what you experience, but it also puts more in perspective. Like it wasn't so fucking personal sometimes. Right. I can't speak for everyone's experience. Yeah. I mean, yeah, there, there's of course plenty of nuance in there.


But, but the, the basic principle you're pointing to is what I was saying. Like, that's all it is, is like you're constantly, as a parent, you're constantly being brought in touch with Oh, that, yeah. I, I didn't have that. I mean, you know, I've said this elsewhere a few times, but the first time that I needed that, I felt that I needed to say, I'm sorry, it's in my now four and a half year old. I think he was three, maybe freshly three. It was a minor moment. He would not get in the car seat. As any parent knows, anybody who hasn't has kids is like, oh, shut up about the fucking car seats.


Yeah. Is it really? Yeah. It's like, yeah, it's can be hard. It's a battle. It's really, and by the way, it's reasonable for them to not want to get in a car seat. They're strapped in, they can't. And if they think it's gonna be two hours, like to them, that's a lifetime. That is a lifetime. You see how many phases a kid a three year-old goes through in two hours. You want them to sit strapped in the entire time. I mean, good luck. So I'm with three olds on this, but I had to get him in and I, and I started to get impatient, you know, go figure. And, but the key thing to remember were, for me, like fatherhood parenthood until about two and a half, it was like, in terms of losing my patience, like it didn't happen.


It didn't happen. I'll lose patience with my wife. Hi baby. Sorry. Love you, but love you so much. But with the kid, with, with, with the child that small, I mean, they're just like, what are you gonna do? So I noticed that I was losing my patience in a way that was like, I was speaking to him in a way that I'd never spoken to before, which is kinda short, you know, like DA little dickish. Yeah. You know, you like, I'm being dick. Gee, let's not talk about his behavior a dick of the century. Okay. He was being crazy, but He's allowed to be. Yeah, he's three. You gotta keep it together's. You're the Adult. He every Yeah. So, so I was starting to like, I was starting to take it like as though he is not three.


And that's what we all do as parents. Eventually you lose perspective and you're like treating them like somebody who's much older. And that's not fair. That's not fair to them at all. So I was being really impatient with him, getting him into the car seat. I don't, at this point, I don't remember what I, I I, I think I definitely wasn't being like, you know, I wasn't doing that. That's a bit rough. But I was speaking in a way that was just, You know, not as loving dad. Yeah. As you usually Are. And then I, and then I think I realized that as I was doing it. 'cause it was a new thing. And, and I just said, I'm sorry, I'm being really impatient with you, aren't I?


And then he just went, yeah. And it immediately broke. And I, and I said, you're right. I don't like the way I was speaking to you, but you Still have to go in the car seat. I'm sorry. Yeah. And I was like, would you still gotta get in the fucking car seat? No, no, no. Oh my God. No. It was really, it was like, he relaxed. It was So real though. Buckled him in and You guys went on your journey. Yeah. See, But when this happened, I realized like, oh, you know, in terms of my mom, like she probably, I don't, I don't know, I'm not sure. But certainly in terms of my father, I think I just, just, their generation, the way they parented all of us, I was just like, oh, that was new.


You know, me apologizing to a 3-year-old as his father, like, I was like, that's new. But You're like, I taught myself that. Well my dad never taught me that. Right. And that was a beautiful moment that was like, you know, That is beautiful. 'cause it means you're like changing generat generationally. Yeah. What you're gonna now instill in your kid. And then if he ever has kids, he hopefully will do that. Yeah.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Claude. The, if you know, you know, AI assistant that's vibing with millions of people around the world, think of Claude as your pocket AI agony on for dating advice, journaling, or as a sounding board for those important life conversations. You can ask Claude to help with almost any task. Whether it's crafting you a business plan for that side hustle, giving you style ideas based on photos of your wardrobe or even interior design. Inspo for that awkward corner of your living room. While other AI assistants sound like robots. Claude just gets it. When it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. Basically Claude's a supportive king. You can chat with Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com. Enjoy Daddy Yang.


As women, we are constantly on the move. We're doing so many things. We are juggling life. And if you are gonna wear all the hats, daddy Yang at least have a wardrobe that helps check all your boxes. TravisMatthew creates versatile products designed to help you look and feel your best. No matter the activity. From sunrise coffees to school pickups to dinner dates, experience a pant truly made for all day, every day. And no matter where your day goes, you can stay in perfect comfort in the cloud collection. You might fall in love, but that's okay. Rewards members receive free shipping and free returns. You guys know I am quite literally all about comfort. Like I feel like I live my life. I being like, am I putting this on? Am I going to be comfortable? That's how I know if I'm putting it on, I must be comfortable. And TravisMatthew hits in the comfort. But versatility department, I totally understand. You need to have something. Even if you're going to a meeting, can you wear this and also lounge in it. That is the true master of comfort. TravisMatthew apparel designed for confidence and comfort no matter where the day takes you. Visit TravisMatthew dot com and receive 20% off your first order when you sign up for email, that's T-R-A-V-I-S-M-A-T-H-E w.com.


You though, talking about going at 12 years old to Los Angeles with your mom, I feel like whenever people think about actors, you sharing, you know, you're like, I was chubby. I was going through it, my voice, like I was insecure. Then people would be like, so what the fuck are you talking about? Then you become an actor. Like people associated, like actors who like, why love the way that they look Yeah. And like to look at themselves. It's like a lot of vanity. Sure. Yeah. But then I feel like in a beautiful way. What do you mean? What are you talking about Penn? No, but you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, and then I think the beauty of having podcasts like this is like you learn things about, most people get into the arts because it's a way to like find themselves. Totally. Yeah. A lot of times people pour themselves into it 'cause they're running from something else.


Absolutely. So when you go to la were you still quite Yeah. Insecure? Oh, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Well, the insecurity hadn't even really found its full expression until I moved here. 'cause I was 12 and you know, I hadn't yet started making money in a, in a, in a, in a livelihood, a practice, a craft that would come to depend more and more on the way that I looked. How did you even get into acting? So when we moved to that mountain outside of the Qua, having lost my cat wasn't enrolled in school 'cause it was the end of the school year. And so the sum, the long summer was ahead of us again.


Parents, like, not the tightest. My mom clearly saw like, Ooh, this is, we need something, you know, we need like neighbors. Our our our closest neighbor was a mile away. Like our, our, our driveway was like two dirt tracks up the, it was like a real mountain. That's why the cat died. There's cougars and bears and all kinds of Yeah. I mean it was, and You're an only child. So you're sitting in a house, your parents are basically mid divorce. You got no cat. Yeah. You're not feeling too good about yourself. Yes. Thank you. So Just, just to remind you, Thank you. No, the putting all the, that was awful.


And then we need to find Penn something to do for the summer. So auditioned. I don't know what the competition was like. No memory of that. I got the role Winthrop and Music Man is a, it's a significant role. He's a boy with a lisp who's very quiet and shy. I was very quiet and shy. But he comes out of his shell when he learns to, I play something in a, in a band. So I loved just the comradery of, and mixed stages too. You know, it's like kids and adults and everybody in between. And it was, it was just like, it was not like going to school at all. It was, it was really, really exciting.


It was. And on opening night, just getting that feedback, you know, the excitement of being on stage, you know, it creates stakes and structure, which everybody I think needs a bit of to thrive. Like, I loved it. I loved it. I actually said that night, like, I wanna do this for the, for the rest of my life. You know, that little boy was not aware of all the implications or what it would take or that it was even, that it was ever feasible. That it was actually delusional and like, basically not feasible. But yeah. So I, and and people very quickly and why did they do this? I don't know. But if you're in any town, it's close to like a major city, like a satellite for la.


Like there's Seattle, there's, there's Florida, like Tampa, A lot of kids come from Florida. There's other places, maybe Chicago. But if you're in a certain town, people will say, you should try going to la I mean, it's not good advice. It's just not good advice. Why are you gonna make it? You did. Are you gonna Yeah. Look at what it's the, I mean it's, I'm not, You're like, I'm the 1% Alex. No, It's, it's a But this is the thing though. It is to a degree a fluke. It just is. You think, I'm not saying there's no talent involved. I'm just saying those of us who make it are something of the exception that proves the rule. 'cause the rate of failure in this town is high. It's high, it's high. It's, it's a bit tragically high for people who wanna make art and wanna do things, wanna perform.


And it's like, you know, it's, to me, it's not just, it's not a meritocracy. You know what I mean? I don't know what industry would be, but When do you think you started making money off Of it? I, I know when I did. I was 12. Oh, Were You? I started working that summer Off of acting. Yeah. Was there a point in your life where you turned into the breadwinner for your family? Yeah, Very early. How early? 15. How did that shift? I mean, so not the whole family and I wasn't, I mean, my mom was fully capable of working, but she needed to be present. So it was like this dynamic. I mean, I was financially independent by 15. I wasn't always the breadwinner. And, but, but, but then, you know, by the time, but like I've always, I've always needed to and wanted to provide support for my parents since then.


Yeah. That's really nice. I feel like you then, kind of, from what I've researched, like you went on to really do a lot of like the awkward, nice guy roles, like pretty consistent. When has that stopped? I guess it hasn't stopped until you became a murderer, but, well, Yeah, he's an awkward, nice guy. Okay. That's actually fair. There's kind of a through line, even though he's a fucking psychopath. But that through line is like pretty consistent, right? It is that fair to say? Were you looking for those roles or did they naturally just come to you because it's a little bit of who you are who Wants to be? No. Well, so, so here's the thing that's true. Starting at 20 years old.


So I had eight years of near financial independence, professional work. I was working, I was tired of television by the time Gossip Rope came around. I famously said, or I don't know famously, but I was said many times, you know, I initially turned the role down and I didn't. And I didn't just like kind of turn it down. I mean, I, I said, I said so grateful you thought of me, I wish you well, but no thanks. And they went on to try and cast the whole thing and cast Dan. And, and they, and they, and they evidently could cast everybody. But, but, but Dan, but so, you know, by the time, the point is not about Gossip Girl, the point is that by the time I was 20, I was like, I was feeling real disillusioned and dried up and tired of being in Hollywood of acting.


I've been doing it my entire, since I was 12. When you're 20 years old and you've been doing something professionally since you were 12, that's your life. That's like your whole life. And I was, I I was, yeah, I I was, You were done because you didn't like it anymore. That also, I just was not, you know, I came real close, really close to like a number of great roles in these great independent films and I wouldn't get them. And I was like, okay, great. But you know what this is, I'm, I really, I really wanted to try my hand at music. That had been my passion since, you know, but the point is, I was real.


I I, I had, I had an a tiredness about me at 20 that I think is not typical for a 20-year-old because I've been working for so long. You Know? Well, I feel like every time I've talked to like child actors, that's something that is lost. I think in, in the way that we look at these young kids. Like, I always look at like Lindsay Lohan, I'm like, it's incredible how long she worked while all of us were like picking our noses and like, oh my goodness, being in school and like doing fucking nothing essentially. Yeah. But like, just being a child. And so to have worked your whole youth and then into adolescence and then all of it, like, I'm sure you're like, I never wanna work another day in my life.


I'm so exhausted. When you were supposed to be having fun, you were working, but then to turn down Gossip Girl is like, what? Now we know what a success it was. But at the time, like, were you also uninterested in the role that you were gonna play? Or was it just 'cause you were like, I'm so fucking tired, I don't wanna do this Anymore? Yeah. With all due respects, and I mean, I told the creators this at the outset, so it's not, and it's not no shocker. Like I was not interested. And, and, and that's, you know, that's just, I think that's fair to say. That's, that's fair to say. That's what I have to say about that. Okay. So obviously You can ask me more, but I I'm not gonna No, no. You obviously ended up changing your mind. So like what changed? Well, I was close to broke, although that was not, I was looking forward to like figuring that out.


I'd had a pretty Spartan year behind me. You know, I was like, I, I I was enjoying my way of life, but the future was real unknown. And I think, you know, it's not like I could go live with my parents for, I, there's the stakes. The stakes is high, right? So, and you know, a few people, I mean, my my manager certainly spoke about it in a way that he thought it was a good idea.


Few key people close to me. And then it was, it was New York City getting to live in New York City where I've now lived since and which is my home. And I'd always wanted to live there. You know, you also think about a show like that. It's hard to grow beyond it. I'm gonna be 40 next year. Wait, I'm 30. You lose track at some point. Yeah. Where Are, I'm 30. Are we Eight? Am I 38? I'm think I'm, I'm 38. You're, so I'm gonna be 39 this year. Next year I'll be 40. I will still be answering questions about this show I decided to do when I was 20.


You know what I mean? And whatever that is what it is. Like, certainly that's fine, but it, it sets you on a certain track that you have to, in a sense, resist. You have to learn how to work with it, interface with it. Otherwise it just sort of takes you on, on its ride. So, you know, you're, you're kind of playing, you're, you're taking a huge risk, I think in a way actually, you know, if, if it's gonna set you up to do only some things and you're gonna have to fight to try and do other things, you know, I think that's so understandable for people.


Like, I get, I think people in this industry really get that. And I think people that are consumers don't see that whatsoever. They're like, there are gonna be people that watch this and then are like, Penn, what the fuck are you talking about? You on the biggest show in the world. Like, I will Forever Love You. Like, oh my gosh, that show I rewatch every year. But to you, I think a lot of actors understandably have that where like, you don't wanna be typecast into this like, one thing that people think of you as, right. 'cause then you wanna, you wanna keep growing. Yeah. You, yeah. You wanna have some autonomy and you sign. So also signing onto a television show, what you do is you have to sign a six year contract. There's no other way to do it. You don't, you know, you haven't seen any of those scripts.


You're just like, all right, that's a lot. So, you know, yeah. I mean it's, yeah. I mean, I chose to do it 'cause it felt like it could be an exciting new experience and, and I'm, yeah, no, I mean, look, I'm grateful for it now. It took, but it took some time. 'cause I, 'cause keep in mind, I started in a place where I was like tired, disillusioned. I was literally compared to the others. Like oddly I was like a veteran, you know? And I was just kind of like, here We go, This Fucking show. I mean, I'd done like four series before that, you know? Okay. Something that I love though, is I think what we, and this is goes past acting, is like there are stages in your life where you have to have time to step away from it, to, to have any bit of love and respect for what you did at that time.


Sure. There are people that look back at what they did in high school and they're like, actually fucking stab me and kill me. Before you even bring that up, please look away. But then all of a sudden you look back and you're like, oh, wow. Yeah. With now more perspective and time, I like look back and I can see positives from that. So let's pay a little bit of, you know, respect to Dan. Yeah, yeah. We'll go back to the childhood. I mean, how long we got? No, no, no. We're gonna go back to, we're gonna get into trauma. We're gonna into all of it. Great. Dan's gonna be a breeze. Breeze. Dan is literally a breeze. Yeah. You're gonna be like, let's talk more about Dan Humphrey Rufuss. Okay. In what ways did you relate at all to Dan Humphrey? I Mean, it's not that hard. He's like, he's, isn't he kind of, he is not quiet, is he?


He kind of was, but then he's, He's TV quiet. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The same way he is tv like ugly and poor. He's the quiet, ugly, poor kid. Like, okay guys, sure, sure, sure. Talk to me about the sideburns at the time. Oh my goodness. No. If I could have seen in real life the side of my head, I guarantee you I would've never, never. Now. No, no, no, no, no. Now. So not just, not just like, give Dan his flowers. Let's give, let's give young Penn his a little bit of something here too. You know, you know, in the early two thousands it was like, it was like boot cut jeans with a low rise waist.


There's a, there's a look to a sideburn that I always wanted, like the second I could grow facial hair, which happened to be early, you know, it was like, I, I wanted them and it was just an aesthetic thing. That's like you, I only see my face from here, you know, I only see just this little bit of, you know, this little bit of, little bit of contouring. It's like, gives me some age, right. And have a baby face. Always wanted to look older, colder. Now, those sideburns did, why didn't anybody say They were so large and thick and Yeah. And the width. Well, And by the way, I didn't, like, I didn't, I didn't like do that. That's the way they are.


Yeah. Yeah. But they were kind like, that's the way pronounced because you didn't have a beard. It just Sat because at had to shave every day on that show. You know, it's like, I was never allowed for gradation or, or, or a little bit of growth. So it's like, look, this is me starting to shave here. To the point though, that someone could assume that they were a prop. Like you stuck those bad boys on every day. No, they were so pronounced. I mean, who allowed that? Thank God so many people allowed that. It looked amazing. It, I definitely focused on it quite often in like the first season. That shit was popping. Yeah. Oh my God. Okay. So we relate a little bit to him. How are you different than Dan? I mean, in every way. Yeah.


Fuck him. And we love Dan. Do you He went through his phases where I would be like, lonely boy. Like, I do love you now. And then I'd be like, Dan, shut the fuck up. Like, yeah, when he dated Georgina, I was like, you're so done in my eyes. I hate you. Can, can I ask you why? I'm like, it's Georgina. And meanwhile you're like, Serena, like, I love her. She's great. And I wanted to just, yeah, but then you came back around. To be honest, I can barely remember those storylines. Like there's a lot of them. I'll walk you through them, don't worry. We've Got a lot here, there, there, there, there's a lot of them. Who's worse? Dan or Joe?


Well, that's not, I mean, it's Joe, I'm sorry. Was was, was Dan masturbating in the street and strangling women? I'm sorry to say it's so like pronounced, but I mean, why do, why am I, everybody was like, he needs to chill. I'm like, no bro. Bro, you watched it. That's what he does. Why? Why? When I say it, is it worse than watching it happen? The worst Joe did? Or what's his face? Dan, the worst Dan did was, What's his name? Shut the fuck up The, the what's his name? The worst Dan did was, I mean, he did like, we know what he did. What he did was sociopathic. Just in terms of being Gossip girl.


Sorry. Yeah. No, actually sociopathic. Yeah. Could we talk about that? Yeah. Where were you? What were you wearing? Where were you sitting? Or were you standing? What was the energy in the room when you found out you were Gossip Girl? I was in the hair and makeup trailer room. Don't remember what I was wearing. JFK was not assassinated on that day. It was just me being gossip girl. But I remember just being like, I kinda like The fuck. Huh? Huh. Okay. Like if I'm trying to, I'm trying to math it. It's tough. All right. And we've gotta shoot tomorrow. Cool. Okay. You know, I mean, I found out real late, real late.


You have to tell me who you think should have been Gossip Girl


Call Her Daddy is brought to buy Nike. Nike has just launched the new 24 7 collection. Nike knows that athletes need to perform and they wanna look good too. This is a new head to toe apparel collection created with performance innovation that delivers tailored all day comfort for a busy life on the go. Think elevated travel, wear a casual date night from the gym to a meeting for women and men. If you know me, you know, I love this kind of clothing. Okay, I wanna look comfortable, but I also wanna be able to wear it to the airport and to a meeting. Okay? I am obsessed with their impossibly soft pieces for him and her. They have the joggers, they have half zip pullovers. They have crews, super luxurious, soft feels. And let me tell you guys, Matt's birthday is coming up and you best believe I am getting my husband some good old Nike from this 24 7 collection. Matt loves this stuff to work out in, and he also loves it when we're just lounging around the house. They also have perfect stretch pieces for, we have the flowy pants for the women tops, pleated skirts, super cute. And then for him, they have pants and chinos. You can put them in your gym bag in a crumpled up ball. You can throw it on and you're gonna look polished to shop the complete 24 7 collection. Head to nike.com.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by say, when it comes to makeup and skincare, you want formulas that work and you wanna feel good about what you're putting on your face, say is entering the chat with their elevated effortless makeup that's high performing clean, and of course, easy to use. I remember the first time that I was introduced to say, my friend Jackie was visiting me, she was doing her makeup in my bathroom. And I was like, why wait, why does your skin look so good? And she was like, wait, you've never tried this? And ever since then I have say, in my beauty routine, you've probably seen their number one bestseller and alert winner glowy, super gel all over TikTok. Think of it as your secret weapon for that lit from within. No makeup, makeup glow, ak the signature say Glow and get on board with say's slip tin, SPF 35 tinted moisturizer and their iconic liquid cream Dew blush two. That is the one that I was introduced to at first was the tinted moisturizer. I was like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. It looks like you're not wearing makeup, but you look gorgeous. Boom, boom, boom guys, try it out for yourself. And the glowy super gel. Now everyone wants that like fresh, clean makeup aesthetic. This is going to help you achieve it. And with a do blush boom you're in. So look for that signature lilac packaging and just say, say shop, say exclusively available at Sephora and say hello.com. That's SAIE hello.com.


You have to tell me who you think should have been Gossip Girl. It wouldn't have made sense for anybody. We all wanted it to be ROA Doubt. We wrote Deda without doubt. Yeah. ROA would've slapped You. They needed it to be a series regular. Sorry, what About Rufuss Series? Regular. That Little. They needed it. They needed to be one of the core six. Otherwise nobody cares. Oh my God. You get to call yourself one of the core six. I am, I'm sorry. That's like a badge of honor. I'm Not just the core six. I'm Gossip Girl, Baby. I did it right. It it's on the wall like that. You are daddy. I am Gossip girl. These are facts. Okay. Facts. Thank you. That was just like the promo right there. That's A soundbite.


Yeah. I just gave you, I just gave you everything you wanted. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. Okay. Wait, when I interviewed Nate Archibald, a k, chase Crawford, yeah. He told me that he and Ed Westwick would like throw these rooftop parties at their apartment. Did you ever get invited and did you ever go? Did I get invited? Of course. It wasn't like they were sending out invites. Yeah. I mean, but I didn't go much. I was not a partier. Okay. What were you doing during your like rise to fame in New York City? Just sitting At home? Just, Yeah, Good question. I just had a different friend circle. Okay. I did. What Were you doing? Like would you go out? Good question. I mean, didn't go out as as much.


Where did You live? Gramercy. You Weren't going to One Oak. I did go to One Oak Way after everybody. I'd heard about One Oak a lot. I remember the first time. Okay. I, okay. I, I remember the first time that I had to pay for a bottle, and this was years later, years, years, years later, I took somebody out. They really wanted to go out. They're from Thailand, right. They like, they wanted to party like they saw. And I was like, okay, we'll go. I go to some place, I don't even remember the name of it I've been to many times. I bought a bottle and I was like, I'm sorry, come again. What? Wait. Whoa. You know that meme of the guy being like, yes, in the math of this flying like this.


That's you. I was just like, so not only have I been getting free bottles my whole twenties, completely unaware. Again, we're talking about upholding the artifice. This is, this is, I was just like, people pay for this, this much And you could go to the grocery store and get a bottle of, of gr goose for like, it's, it's Criminal. I I I, I was like, yeah, I feel good about not having done this a bunch. I, I, I mean, stunned me. It stunned me. I was like, people have to save up to waste it this quickly. I mean, good Lord. Wait, but did you have people, like as you had from Thailand, did you have people thinking because of your life in New York City being this it guy, you had this access and this lifestyle that you like, weren't living in Gramercy?


Yeah, certainly for Gossip girls, certainly, certainly because of, you know, the early two thousands celebrity city thing. Yeah, I mean, I think, I think well look, you know, in Crime River, it's not a big deal. I'm, what I say is as a witness to it, not as a complaint, but I think one of the aspects of celebrity that you deal with constantly is just like, everybody just thinks you're somebody you're not. And you know, again, it, so that's, so I think that's just always. So How long did you do Gossip Girl? Six years. For six years. You're living in New York City, you're in your early twenties.


And I feel like a lot of the character that you were being, you were kind of had parallels, right? You were like living in New York City. Sure. You were also living in New York City at the time. Yeah. For the show, you were dating Blake Lively, you were dating Serena on the show. Did you feel like you were able to like, separate your actual job from your reality and actually able to like, grow in your twenties? Or did it all feel like it was kind of merged? I mean, that's a great question because it was, it was the struggle. You know, the difference between, there are many differences between film and television.


One of them is that when you do a film, you do it once, you know, and you kind of give it your all and then you move on whether, whether you want to or not. You know, you, you, you do, when you do a television show, you are, you're doing it constantly because of the nature of that show and because of celebrity culture at that time especially, it was like, you know, I remember like, you know, suddenly the influx of interviews being asked about like, I remember doing something for, you know, Cosmo Girl or something.


That's a thing, right? It's co cosmopolitan. Como is it, is it Oh girl. Like, it's like the younger version. Yeah. Wasn't it? Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah. Like Teen Vogue had, yeah. Teen Vogue just come out. You know what I mean? Yes. Like, I remember doing interviews for those kinds of publications and being asked about like, you know, dating advice or like, by the way, like think I've been on one date in my life, like spent most of my time just sort of either in a relationship or not. And I remember just the feeling of not knowing, Hmm, it's, it's, but it is this, this, it's this thing. You feel like you're constantly, even though no one may be actually asking you to do this, you feel like you're constantly needing to prove yourself in some manner.


Otherwise, what are you doing? I mean, you, you, you know, what is, what is the space? This, you know, this kind of thing has evolved over the course of however long, you know, but we didn't have podcasts like this back then where you could explore things at, at length and depth. You know, they were looking for a quick soundbite and it was just like, it was just like, okay, yeah. Alright, okay, alright. It's like, you know, you don't interfacing in that space and actually feel really crazy and you, you, you, you suddenly feel the need to perform and you're just like, why can't I just say something fucking normal?


You know? Like, why can't, and so what starts to happen when you're in this one role for a long time? The, the, you know, the aspect of celebrity being a, a part of it, a huge part of it. There, there is not enough separation, I think for anybody. You're seen as this person, you're called their name out on the street. You also constantly have to be that person at work. And I was 20, I was 21, 22. So like, I didn't have the emotional maturity to understand to how to differentiate myself just in terms of self-worth, like what people seem to think of. Dance seemed to be what people thought of me. And now I had enough sense, enough intelligence, enough self-worth enough, just, you know, like, I wasn't like losing myself, but it bothered me.


Well, and I feel like that makes a lot of sense too, because even as you're saying that, I'm thinking about like very specific people could look back at their time in like Hannah Montana for example. That is the biggest mind fuck for Miley, where it's like you're playing yourself, but you're secretly a pop star and then you actually become a pop star. Totally. Yeah. Like you guys were playing these characters that were actually physically living in New York City, and it wasn't like you guys were like superheroes. It was, it was like an actual thing that people could believe. You're like, excuse me, Dan again, gossip girl, bitch. But like, you know what I'm saying? It's like people, it's easier to believe the Friday Night Lights characters and the Onery Hill characters. Like, those were just normal characters that people could believe you are, as opposed to this like, you're playing a doctor.


Yeah. Well, I guess even still Ella and Pompeo was like, people went into fucking surgery because of me. But like, people merge it too much. And so when you're walking and you're like, am I more like this? Or am I this character? It can get fucking confusing. Definitely. How did you approach your dating life in your twenties? Okay, so going back to what we said earlier about that need for intimacy and really wanting a love that transcends the body, truly. I mean, that's what we all want, but never had an approach. I I I, I've had a handful of long relationships and that's, that's about the extent of it. You know, I really did not date tried found it not, what's the word?


I don't even know. I mean, fulfilling, satisfying, I don't know. It just, I was not good at what felt like dating is, dating is a bit of a performance, I think. Right? Isn't it? Like, I mean, it's just initially like that's, and I think that just like really stressed me out. I never had an approach. So trying to like, I, I really longed for that kind of connection, that kind of intimacy. I think just as anybody else, you know, kind of something that my show you has been about, which is like the, the, the really toxic misconceptions we have like modern love mythology, the way that a relationship should be, the way that you should feel like it does to watch Titanic.


You know what I mean? Like that, like, so I, so I wanted that. And so it's, so I also had a very long and difficult relationship in my teen years that marked me. And I actually remember thinking when I got out of it at 19, I was just like, that was a way to start it all. Ooh, I wonder what effects it's gonna have on me. You know, I wonder. So I, but then I found myself in my twenties, three different long-term relationships. The third one is with my wife and it's, you know, Can we talk a little bit about modern dating culture?


Because I know Sure. Like you're kind of saying you have obviously very strong opinions. I, I don't know any, the truth is I don't know anything about what it's like. Okay. Actually, but I can only speak as a person who hears about it. You Know what I mean? Okay. Casual dating. Yeah. What do you feel about that for people? Here's a platform upon which is skewer yourself. Now just go Sure.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. I have been so into taking little weekend trips this year and when I start to get stressed at work and know I need a vacay, I open up Airbnb. Okay. Matt and I are about to go away for the weekend and I found the cutest coziest home on Airbnb for us. I need to make sure I can travel with my dogs. Henry and Bruce are not getting left behind. Okay. And Airbnb makes it so easy to find pet friendly properties on a romantic getaway. Having our own home ensures that Matt and I will have the privacy that we truly need to unwind. I feel like I'm nonstop talking all day, so when I do get a break, I don't wanna see or speak to anyone but my husband. Okay. I also love that Airbnb shows guest reviews. I am someone who is on the page scrolling through every single review a place has. And seeing that so many people have stayed at a home and loved the experience makes me feel secure when I'm booking a place no matter where I wanna drive off to on a random weekend, I'm always able to find an incredible place to stay. And if you just wanna go somewhere, but you don't really know where to go yet, let Airbnb make the decision for you. They have a guest favorites tab that might inspire you and perhaps even create a new tradition. As you book your 2025 travel. My number one tip is to check out Airbnb to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you, Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes, guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well, guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I'll know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay? So kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie, I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay, I like being taken care of. So Thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Casual dating. What do you feel about that for people? Is it ever casual? Show me somebody who really, really, truly just casual about it. I'm, I'll wait, I'll wait. Not that they act casual about it, that they feel casual about it. I'll wait, please. I would like to see it in the comments. I Think that some women would ask back to you, Penn, I wish he didn't feel like it was casual. I'm telling you that he doesn't understand the ways in which it is not casual for him either.


Because he may just actually be like, oh, I don't like you. What about that? That whole thing. Yeah, that's, sorry. So I, you know, I'm sorry to women on that one. I, I can't apologize for men, but I'm just saying like, that is, that is the whole, like what is that too? Like he's just not that into you, that whole thing. That like, what? That, okay. So if I, if I venture something here, one of the reasons I I didn't like dating was because of what it seemed like young, you know, young men, boys, men need to sort of how they need to behave and act, which always felt real corrosive and toxic and coarse and just calloused at a very young age.


If I'm representative of anything that can be generalized, it seemed that it was important and necessary for me as a man to like, you know, it's a such a dumb old term that so many young people would be like, what did you just say? But like, sow your wild oats, you know, that kind of thing. I don't know what, what would, what would, what would you say now? What would you I sound like an 80-year-old. What, what would you say? Wait, say that again. So I'm not gonna say it again. You're like, okay. Say it one more time for me Please. And make eye contact with the camera. Wait, I actually don't know if you said so. So Your or One's sow your oats.


W your wild. It sounds so dumb. So your wild Oats, when I have to say it slowly Break it down. No, No. Break it down. So go away. Yeah. So your wild oats like to, to to have sex with a lot of women, That's probably how they would say it. Sure. To have sex with a lot of people. There's a lot of women. Yeah. Like they're fucking around. Yes. Not the oats. It's more just they fuck around. Yeah. Well you think of it like this, you're a, you're, you're, you're a gardener and you've got a, you've got a handful of seed and you're just casting it out into the wilderness. Yes. Okay. Now see, this makes more sense. That's maybe someone will start saying that in Gen Z and you're gonna bring it back upward. Okay. I might have that power. Maybe. Maybe. Okay. So how do you feel about casual sex? Not now.


Obviously. I know What, again, again, show me anyone who's able to have it. Truly. And I'm saying, I'm not just saying who does it. Yeah. Plenty of people do it. Show me someone who's actually, what about it's casual? What about it is casual? Again? I'll wait. I think it's a great question to pose to the girls listening. Yeah. People obviously, like always say relationships are hard. They're hard work, they're a lot of work. But what does that tangibly look like to you to work on a relationship? I feel like you have to always be learning new levels of listening.


Because when you get past the, you know, it's anywhere from the six months to two year mark when the, the juices, so to speak, the chemicals have like, sort of run their course. You may have had something that could be like wildly intoxicating in some cases That's true. In some cases it may be less or somewhere in between. But, you know, studies show about six to six to 24 months that runs its course. Then you have to enter into a different kind of relationship. One that we don't see a lot, you know, we don't see it modeled a lot, hardly ever, you know, for reasons that have to do more with like, what it takes to tell a good story than than reality, you know, in movies and TV and books and stuff.


So then you have to think of to to yourself like, well what, what is a relationship for not just like, what am I in this for? What is a relationship for, that's also a question I posed. What is a relationship for not just what is it doing for you? What is it? What is, what are relationships for, you know? And at some point I think you just have to realize that like you, you're developing your own narratives and biases that have to be kind of constantly reshaped reach, you know, you have to check in with them. And so it just means, it's just another level of listening. You, you know, you, and then once you get into parenting, it's, it's, it just adds like a level of complexity that's, that's really beautiful and and rewarding.


So, you know, when you're, when you're parenting, actually sometimes it can be really practical stuff. Like, we have to schedule time for any kind of intimacy we want to have, like if we want go out, that needs to be in that calendar. And you have to find childcare, you have to, it is all this stuff. It's like, it's, it's very real. And that can actually be a surprising amount of work. Like, 'cause I was gonna ask, I know obviously your wife has a child from a previous relationship. Yeah. And when you were starting to date, that takes another level of totally commitment and stability. And how did you know that was something that you were ready for? Well, I didn't, and I mean, I think, so like the, when we first met, it was kind of, IM, it was immediate.


And before we had time to think, I think we just, we wanted to be together in, in the deepest way. And I wanted to be there for her son in whatever way was best. His father's always been in his life. But then the cultural dating laws, which I never abided by, I never understood, but you were pressuring me. I was like, I need to sew my Wild oaths. What am I doing with this woman, with a child?


But, you know, I was 28, I think maybe 27, and I really did think, is it right for me, you know, to be, to be getting into a relationship with a woman who has a child like that. It, so the stakes were always significant there. We both felt that. And so we both actually after an immediate intense connection and like not thinking about it, we then sort of like, hmm, you know, we need to think about this more. And what I only felt that I was ready once I felt confident to like leave all that, all these notions about what it is to be a man, what it's to date, what I needed to do, who I needed to be sexually. Once I was able to start really leaving that behind.


That's beautiful. I also love, like, just like hearing the way that you talk about your relationship. It's so nice to hear, again, almost back to the way that you're parenting about like listening and apologizing and doing things that are like, not typically what you would think like a man is leading with. I think it's really refreshing to hear, 'cause I know even you've talked about with your wife that you guys like early on in your relationship took breaks. And I think like so much of what you've shared is quite helpful to people because I know there's people listening who are trying to figure it out, and I think people obviously look up to you. So when you're more open, obviously with what you're comfortable, I think it's nice to hear when you are like willing to share that kind of detail about your relationship.


Because I know that there's people like, holy shit, can I be a good mother father to another child? Do you know what I mean? Yeah. It's, it's, there's a spiritual component to this, which is really the thing that is, that allowed it to happen. So she and I, you know, we happened to sort of become sober around the same time we were picking up meditation and, and prayer and really trying to live with a different sort of framework, you know, independent of one another. But this was happening kind of at the same time. And I think that was what even created like the opportunity or the, the conditions for us to be like, we're dealing with a lot of ways of thinking that are not our own.


Some of those ways of thinking are putting a lot of pressure on us to conform in a way that we've seen before to either be together in a way that we've seen or to not be together in a way that we've seen. And so, and you know, I think, I think like maybe the world is ready for a lot of new relationships, like where people are discovering something. And I think in some way, like we, we discovered something like if I, if I had advice for young people and it risks being simplistic, you could take it a lot of ways, and I guess it could be misused, but like, I think young people now, we, we waste a lot of time worrying about relationships rather than like being in them and trying.


We, we waste a lot of time and fear and hesitation and trying to imagine what the other person's thinking. Like, when is that ever gonna happen? You don't know. You've never known. Stop trying to act like you've ever known. Never once have you read that person's mind. It's not gonna start now. You know? I mean like, I don't know, just re just the way that relationships function, at least from a pop culture perspective, I think is like so crazy dysfunctional, you know? And like, so No, it's a good point. It's like definitely a, it's definitely become something that I think people almost like aren't even noticing. Yeah. And it's like these games and it's like, we, we don't have to do any of that.


And I definitely felt like I did it. I was a part of the cycle. Sure. I I was like in it heavy. That's how I literally started this show. Yeah. It's just like, you don't say Yeah. Well the name. Yeah. I was like, oh, we're gonna flip, flip it on its head and we're gonna like, do what men do to us. And then eventually when I met my husband, but It doesn't make them happy either. Exactly. And then I literally met my husband and I was like, oh my God, I am literally not, I'm Calling Him daddy. Yeah. No, But not sorry. Not in, not in Never. I will always scratch that from the record. Strike it, strike It. Take it out. I wanna talk to you about you though, because I do think there's a lot of themes, themes in it that are, It's All this kind of, it's all this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Joe is the embodiment of not realizing any of this.


Before we get to that, is it true you also almost turned this role down? Yeah. It's my thing Penn. What? Why did you almost turn this down? Same reasons. Different. Different, you know, Are you overacting? Are we Done? Am I overacting? Is this your retirement podcast? Am I overacting? Yeah. I, I am. No, I mean, I think of anything I've, I've, I feel like I'm finally coming of age as an actor. Maybe We'll see. Well, this is the last season, so Yeah. But I'm not done. You're gonna keep going. Yeah. Okay. So you, you eventually were like, yes, I'm gonna do it. You said before that you Think it was not, I should say it was not such a resolute No.


Okay. I was interested in the premise far more because it was, yeah, it was a different kind of role. I mean, people love to draw the similarities and I'm responsible for drawing some of them between Dan and Joe. But I mean, they're not the same. Like, I, like Joe is the show. He is the lens through which everything happens. So being in that position is a completely different experience. As an actor, you get to do a whole lot more. And because of the depths to which he goes, there's just a lot, a lot more of the spectrum to, to explore as an actor. So it was a, you know, I knew it was an incredible opportunity when I, when I saw it. At the same time, I wasn't sure that I wanted to give expression to this kind of character for an undisclosed period of time.


Had it been a film, be like, all right. Right. Three to six months done. I do though, as I was just listening to you say that though, it just made me realize like, I, which is incredible for you as an actor, like I do think this now is like holding a light to Gossip Girl, where it's like, it does, you now are, you're in cultural conversation. Yeah. You could be on us one side of the street and someone's gonna know you as Gossip Girl. And then the other side is gonna be Dan. Like, sorry. You and I actually feel like that is the hardest uphill battle to, like we were just saying, to do, to have people not just think of you as one character. Yeah. So now I just want 'em to think of me as two. Now you got two now Work on three, then we Dan and Joe. Yeah. Yeah. Now we need another basic name for the third.


Who's the third gonna be? Dan, Joe. N Tim. Tim. Jim. Matt. Matt. I said Tim. But yeah, Carl, no, Matt's not basic. I hate that. That's not Okay. A huge theme is obviously toxic masculinity. How have you approached being a character that is like completely toxic? I mean beyond toxic? Yes. Yeah. Is it a weird head space to be in Sometimes? No. I mean, at this point, like, you know, I'm done. Which is crazy by the way. Wow. It became real easy even early on, but easy.


Even the way like, you know, you might be a marathon runner, but by the end of a marathon you're like, I'm about to fall over. You know? That's the way it was easy. It was, it it, it, I mean he, by the end of every season, by the middle of every season, I usually had back problems. 'cause all the expression of rage is just like a lot. It was like running. Yeah. It was like running a marathon. It was highly athletic every time. Very physical, you know, a lot of, not a lot of speaking on camera. So a lot of just, you know, coming into my body physicality of performance was really lovely to explore over the years. And, and then the voiceover was interesting too, finding that, I feel like I really found it in the sixth episode of season one, where that episode was almost all voiceover and then silent acting.


And I actually had a mask of prosthetics on because he'd been badly beaten at the end of that, of, of the previous episode. Okay. So what was your question? No, I was just asking like, is it weird to get into this character that's like really fucked Up? So, so, so actually I would say in some ways it's quite fun. Yes. There's levels to it, day-to-day basis kind of fun, kind of taxing or, or it can be very taxing, really interesting moments of, of strangeness that are fun to explore. Overall, it's been quite a, quite a, an endurance test in a way.


Be because, because of just the level of commitment that it takes and then choosing to speak about 'em in a way publicly, which I think like just adds a level of responsibility to the whole thing. So, you know, it's just, it's like, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a lot The final season. Do you think fans are gonna be happy with the ending? I mean, it's not without, its, you know, anything is gonna be, you cannot land a six season or five, five season series. You're gonna fumble here and there. But I think where it really matters now, unfortunately here, I can't talk about it in a way that's like more substantive, you know?


'cause I wouldn't wanna spoil it for you either. Please don't. But it's, I think it's very satisfying for a lot of meaningful reasons. Okay. I'm gonna end the episode the same way you end some of yours. Sure. If you could go back and talk to your 12-year-old self, what would you say? I would want to give him a really long hug. I would want to be the, the, the man, the, the male figure, the role model in his life that he, he somehow did not seem to have like up until way too late.


I wanna hold him first so that if you know that that lady got God, Bruno Mar song, it's been stuck in my head so much. I wanna hold you just for a while. That's not okay. Maybe You're gonna bring the band back. Yeah. Fuck acting. I would love to play music, but you know, I gotta find the right people for that. Yeah. I, I, I would, I would hold them just for a while. Aw. And, and I would've to get back into the time machine, so then I would die with a smile. I don't know that I could say, you know what a 12-year-old wants to hear what a 12-year-old needs to hear and will actually listen to is not necessarily what we would say.


So I don't know. You know, I mean the, the essence of what everyone always says is basically like, it's gonna be okay. Like, you're gonna be okay. And I would wanna communicate that, but I don't know how he would hear it. So I think I would just hold him and just let him feel like, not only that you're okay, but like this is the point. If you haven't, if there's anything you're missing, if there's anything you're feeling a way that you're hurting, this is the point. You have to learn somehow. Yeah. You know, it's Beautiful. Yeah. Penn, Thank you. Thank you so much for coming on. Call Her Daddy. That was truly a pleasure. I appreciate It. It's really nice podcasting with podcasters. Yeah, right. So much easier. Yeah.


10 outta 10. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today


On chumba Casino dot com. Gaming hits different. Chumba Casino is the online social Casino with over 100 games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. Join today for your free welcome bonus and free daily login, bonuses and play. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, visit chumba Casino dot com. Let's chumba, no purchase necessary, VGW group forward. Were prohibited by law, 21 plus terms of conditions. Apply.