
Haagen-Dazs is made to be savored and enjoyed slowly introducing new Haagen-Dazs Belgian waffle cones. A completely new experience that's worth slowing down for. Available in four delicious flavors, including my favorite toasted Almond Fudge. It's a crispy Belgian waffle cone full of luxurious vanilla ice cream. Topped with toasted almonds and milk chocolate curls. And finished with fudge sauce at the bottom. Daddy Gang, I love, love, love, a good vanilla chocolate almond combo. So get yourself some ice cream New Haagen-Dazs Belgian waffle cones available at retailers nationwide.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Star Face. Big news Daddy Gang star. Face the brand behind everyone's favorite pimple patches. Just launched a new face wash and moisturizer for breakout prone and sensitive skin that feature salicylic acid to help unclog pores and minimize breakouts. Hallelujah. Woo. We love this. Okay, the Foamy cleanser star Wash removes makeup and buildup while unclogging pores. It has the cutest little shimmer that's Micah based microplastic free and it disappears as you cleanse. And for a lightweight moisturizer, try Star Cream. It's super soft and hydrating without feeling heavy. You can find star wash and star cream right now at Ulta Beauty Target and Star face.world


Daddy Gang. Welcome back to another episode of Call Her Daddy. I am so excited for you to watch this episode. We have Phoebe Gates and Sophia Kianni on this week's episode. They just launched their podcast called The Burnouts with Unwell and they're our most recent sign to unwell. If you guys are going to become fans of them today, I am just excited for you to listen to their chaotic stories, their best friends, their business partners, and they're officially unwell. The first time I ever met them was on a random zoom. We had a mutual friend put us together. They were like, you guys are in complete different industries, but maybe you guys will hit it off. And one thing led to another and we recognized, wait, you guys are launching a sustainable fashion company.


You're young women in your twenties living in New York, you're figuring life out. Yeah, I wanna listen to you guys and hear what you have to say. And so we launched their podcast. They also just launched their company called fia and they really have become quickly two of my favorite people. They're so funny. Together, their banter as business partners and best friends is everything. So without further ado, I'm so excited for you to get to know them. Let's get into it. What is Up Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Phoebe Gates and Sophia Kianni.


Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you for having us. Phoebe and Sophia have been up since 2:00 AM 3:00 AM 5:00 AM Okay. Your company just launched today. Fia, how are you guys feeling? I Feel like we just birthed the child that we've been like creating for the last year. It feels nuts. I'm like really excited though. I'm kind of freaking out a little bit Launch day for anyone that has a business. Anyone, first day of school, like a birthday party. I don't even know what the feeling is, but it, there's just this excitement and I wanna get into everything. But first I do though want people to get to know you better today. Mm. Because this is kind of like now your reintroduction to the world through the lens of Call Her Daddy and the Daddy Gang. So we're gonna do it a little Call Her Daddy style.


I wanna go back to the beginning for you guys in terms of you two met at Stanford, you're in college, you meet. Can you tell me your first impressions of each other and how you actually met? Okay. So we met at a football game. Right. And Sophia, I was pretty intimidated by because she worked for the un. Her Instagram basically looked like this girl was a professional award receiver. Okay. Oh wow. It's like Times, New York Times un saving the world with her nonprofit. And so I obviously was super jealous of her, I'm not gonna lie. And I thought she was a little bit of a freak because she'd put something on her story that was like sober squad love college, like love being sober. And I was like, well she sounds like a whole lot of fun.


And so when I first met her I was like Ugh. And she's hot too. I hate her so much. That was my first impression of Sophia was honestly I feel like a lot of like jealousy. I was like, this girl's pretty cool. But it really took, I wanna say a year for us to, to bond. And it was frankly an accident. 'cause there was another girl we were supposed to room with and she ended up living with her boyfriend. So we ended up getting screwed and we have to live with each other. And I'm like, oh great sober squad and me can't wait for an awesome year of talking about sustainability. I'm like throwing away my plastic water bottles, like hide in the sheen shirt I have. And I didn't even know this. Look at so cute. You Hi. The she insurances. I did. I threw them all away. I got recyclable battles for you. Wow. Thank you.


Thank you Phoebe. Well I was like, okay, I am in my bag and I am here on a mission. I am gonna graduate from Stanford. I'm going to law school. Like I'm bossed up. This irrelevant person does not matter. No, I'm Joking. Okay. Then we go, we got dinner one night because we find out we're gonna be rooming together and we're talking and she'd been dating her boyfriend for about like five years. You dated for like half a decade. Four Years. Whoa. It was four years. Okay. Almost half, five Years. Sounds almost half for decade. And we're at dinner and I was like, it's very clear to me your parents are getting divorced. And she was like, how do you know that? And I was like, just your emotional state, everything you're talking about. Because I had gone through, my parents had had a very, very public divorce and I really couldn't tell many people about it, especially because like it was going on for you know, so long in our household before it was announced.


And so I really felt like this built up pressure and I could just see that in her. And that was the moment. Then we end up, you know, sitting and talking for four hours together and I'm like, okay honey, you need to dump your boyfriend though. Because we had, I had just gone through a breakup and she was like, like me and my boyfriend we're getting married. Like, I'm gonna be a senator. It's gonna be incredible. A senator? Yes. Oh my god. So really it was so crazy because we become roommates. We don't really know each other at all. We're like randomly cared Basically. We had one dinner, it was a heart to heart. And you were little mad at me 'cause I said, you need to break up with your Boyfriend. I did. And I was delusional and I was like, this bitch is trying to sabotage me. Like she doesn't realize he's my husband. Whatever. She was in her bag. Of Course I was in my, Why didn't you think he, she needed to break up with him?


He was like, I just think if you were a senator it'd be hard for the kids. And I'm like, what kids? And also how is that, how you're gonna react to this? Like that is so negative. But I'm still delusively believing he's my childhood sweetheart. Whatever. We're gonna get married. And then me and Phoebe are talking, she's like, you're gonna break up with him. I'm like, she's literally trying to sabotage me. Fast forward. We're roommates. This was actually before we're roommates. This is like what lore. We're roommates. I've very recently broken up with him. I'm basically like sobbing, trying to keep it together. I'm not in my bag at all. I'm, I'm a mess. The bag has fallen off And Phoebe's like, are you okay? What's wrong? And I'm like, we did break up. And she's like, I knew it. But then she actually ends up being The most incredible person on the planet. Like The most supportive friend gives me such good advice.


And I was like, whoa, I love this girl. Like we actually, and I'm like fake tanning at 2:00 AM I'm butt naked. She's talking to me, we're talking for hours. And I'm like, this is my soul sister. We really just got along instantly after I stopped being like a robot and I broke down my walls and I just opened up and I, I actually talked about what was going on and we talked about like yeah the divorces, the ex-boyfriends. Like we realized how much we had in common. It was amazing. The fact that you guys kind of went from like enemies to lovers is kind of iconic love. It was, it Was a true arc. It a true alo. But I love though how Phoebe you said, which I think is like a very relatable thing for women. It's like okay, I was jealous and I thought she had all this.


How did you go from feeling like competitive jealous to all of a sudden being like, wait, I actually can like mutually have a good relationship with this person and not feel like I have to compete. Because I feel like especially being at such like a high level school and you guys both wanting to have such successful careers. Like where do you think that competitiveness kind of kind of died out a little Bit? I think honestly it's not about it. I mean for me there was, I had to find myself first 'cause right? I was so insecure. I was going into Stanford, I wanted to be pre-med 'cause I knew my sister was pre-med and I wanted to do that better And figuring out, you know, I'm still figuring myself up but having confidence in myself and my own decisions was a big thing. And now in the company each having our own lanes. And then I realized, I was like, well we're both very competitive people.


What if instead of like this being against each other, like it could be together. And I think that's the thing is it's not like that has gone away but it's, we just drive each other so hard. We're both like foot to the gas pedal. And also seeing that like frankly you know I was asleep in my bed and I hear one night Sophia in front of the mirror completely by herself go, mm, this fake tan is developing wonderfully. Wakes me up so loud, wakes me up, she's saying it over and over to herself. Crazy person. And I open my door, I'm myself up and I see her butt naked in front of the mirror like this just by herself. No boys are over there. And that was the like I think finding out and really humanizing her for me was the biggest thing was gaining confidence and then humanizing her and then being like, wait, what if we took this like competitive energy and then brought it together to actually like build something And now we've birthed via, I am obsessed with you being like, the moment I knew is when she was naked in front of the mirror.


Just really like relishing in her fake tan. Can you tell me the story though, Sophia of you made up in college that you had an assistant? So in college I discovered that I'm doing public speaking and you're supposed to get paid when you public speak and I need to pay my Stanford tuition. So I'm like, hey like can you give me a hundred dollars to do this speech? Everyone laughs at my face. They're like absolutely not. So I'm like, okay, well how can I get people to pay me? And one of my friends goes, well you can have a fake assistant. Make it a man and make him negotiate your deals for you. And I'm like, that's so psychotic. You are a genius. I'm gonna do that. That Is so smart.


So I create like Kobe Sophia team@gmail.com or something. I have a friend named Kobe. I'm so paranoid. I'm like, I'm gonna put you on the phone if anyone ever asks you are my assistant. Okay. He's like, you're psychotic. But I'm like, it's gonna work. So Kobe, every time someone emails me I'm like looping in my assistant Kobe to take it from here. Kobe's a hard ass. He's like, Sophia has spoken at all these places. Her rates are oh dare you, this and this. He starts out with like a thousand dollars. He's like, she's gonna speak for a thousand dollars. I'm like shitting my pants. I'm like, everyone's gonna think I'm a fraud. This is so much money. They're like done. Absolutely whatever Miss Keani desires. I'm like, I am Miss Keani now I am Miss Keani. Now also picturing This is crazy, you writing as Kobe, I know a thousand dollars.


I'm pressing send. I could see you like panicking, walking around your Room. I was so paranoid. I would change the way that Kobe did his grammar to not sound like me. I would capitalize weirdly Then when I had to loop myself back in, I would talk and sign off my emails in a different way. I, I had a whole elaborate scheme going on and then I was telling Phoebe I eventually got in way over my head. I promoted chief of staff Kobe to my chief of staff. 'cause I was like 1000, let's try 5,000. Like let's keep upping the stakes. Holy shit. We actually had a guest on The Burnouts recently and she's like, I don't know if you remember but I actually talked to Kobe when you were in college and I'm literally like about to die of embarrassment.


I'm genuinely so embarrassed. And she's like, you looped in Kobe. And then you were like, Sophia would love to do this but you need to cover her travel and accommodations and she also needs a speaking stipend. And I'm like so embarrassed I I am actually about to die. And she was like, honestly at the time I was like I don't think a college student would have an assistant but I love this for her and honestly this does make sense. Like I will. And then she paid me. She literally paid me paid for my flights whatever because of Kobe. No, this is so genius. Is genius. It's genius. I Think it's So genius. Like also the biggest factor that I took from this, which I wouldn't have thought of is like that you made it a man. I know Because when a man is like no this is like it's just the world we live in And it was so smart of you to be like, I'm gonna advocate for myself through a fake man and look how much I can get out of this fucking man.


That's Kobe. That is genius. It's so sad. That's a good hack. It's A really good Hack. If anyone is listening, boom. Have a male fake assistant. Oh my god this is genius. Do you guys have any other like hacks that you can share with the Daddy Gang in business that are like little tricks unhinged. Okay, I told Phoebe I was gonna take this to the grave with me 'cause it's genuinely also, But we agreed she'll share it like I wanted to gate keep it 'cause it's such a good hack. What? So when I got into Stanford I was like oh my god I need to apply for scholarships. Like I need to have scholarships to pay for college. I'm applying for these scholarships. And they all have this section where it's like include links about yourself if there are articles about you. And I'm like, the fuck, how the hell do you have an article written about you that's so crazy.


So I'm like, okay, how do I get a journalist to write an article about me? And I, you know I, I use this thing called rocket reach. You can find anyone's email. Anyway, so I'm emailing all these journalists obviously they were like who is this psychotic 19-year-old trying to pitch herself that she's so embarrassing. I was so embarrassing. So I'm like okay this isn't working. I need another way. I go on Twitter and go look at these journalists and by the grace of god I see this one journalist and she posts this thing that's like hashtag journal request looking for a source to speak about climate change. Something like that. And I'm like, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. I slided to her dms. I email her whatever first time I am ever in a story and I'm like there must be more of this.


I go to this hashtag hashtag journal request. It's like hundreds of journalists every single day they're posting looking for people to interview for things. And I'm like I am going to email every single person who is doing this and I am going to have links. Gretchen Kobe, sorry. Yeah Kobe's emailing Them's email them, I'm gonna email all of these people and I'm gonna have articles to link in my scholarship application. And let me tell you my friends all were like, are you famous or something? Do you have a PR person? Like how are you every single week a Phoebe's like professional award receiver. Yeah because I engineered it like it was literally like every week I am DMing these people, I'm emailing these people, whatever because I'm like I need links to put in these scholarship app applications.


And fast forward, I think The most important thing to say is I ended up going on this interview live on TV because of a journal request and they thought I was a good fit. So I go on, I talk about my climate change background, I talk about my climate change, nonprofit, my UN work, whatever. And I swear to God it was like a miracle. These people emailed me and said we run this scholarship organization, we have closed applications for the season but we heard your story. We thought it was so amazing. We would love to extend you an invite to apply for a scholarship. And I'm like, this cannot be real and I apply and I got the scholarship and it was all because of this fucking journal request Hack Sophia.


I feel like that is so what people need to hear also today of like sometimes you just have to put yourself out there even as like embarrassing as it can feel even if you feel like you're Faking It and you're just like getting yourself in the door because you are qualified and you do deserve if, if people are gonna pay you that amount of money even though you felt awkward to ask for it or when you went to get the scholarship even though you had to bust through certain doors and like do like random things to get there. I feel like that is like a hack of that's a great hack for people to be like go for it in any way you can. And there is no fucking shame. There's no Shame. You have to create your own luck. Like that's the reality. Can we talk about you guys then finally deciding to work together?


Because you're obviously talking about like you guys had your things, you were talking pre-med, you're talking about all this like then you guys eventually come to be like I think we want to work together. Can you talk about how you decided, like when did you guys come together and be like let's make this So I'm on my journal request wave because I'm doing my stuff in women's reproductive house. So I was focusing on like access to birth control, access to abortion, et cetera after Roe Wade was overturned. And so I'm all in this mindset of like what if we work together on something, you know joint activism because that's what we were both interested in at the time. And so our first idea together wasn't even gonna be a company we wanted to create like a smart Bluetooth tampon lowkey like an aura ring for your pussy.


We realized very quickly there was no monetization model behind it. We didn't know how the hell we would do it. We honestly didn't know what it would really do. But that kind of kickstarted this like crazy, I wanna say almost manic like sense of like let's just come up with an idea, lock ourselves in our dorm room for a week and like see what we can create. We came up with, I'm gonna be honest with you, the dumbest ideas for the first like month there were rumors spread all around campus that we had fallen off the earth, that we had fallen in love with each other. And so, but as we keep building, the one thing we came back to was like our own experience of okay we're roommates, we're always arguing over clothes and frankly like it's kind of bullshit that the shopping environment hasn't developed in the last 10 years.


Like how come I'm on a site and I don't know if I should buy an item or not? Why isn't AI able to tell me, hey this is a good deal or this is not a good deal. Where's my little shopping assistant? And so we were like, what if we could create a shopping assistant or a shopping hack, be it your Kobe for shopping. So we were like, what if we did something like with our names together fia. And that's how the idea was originally born. But it took a lot of bad ideas. I'm not gonna lie. Was There any hesitation because you guys are now best friends to be like we're actually gonna get in business together or no? Was that no hesitation? We did A day where we wrote down our strengths and weaknesses and that was brutal. You had to write about each other. Oh We did our own and then we did each other's. Yeah, Getting in business with a friend is obviously like there is a risk.


But I think it's also there's an upside to like, it's kind of similar to maybe how I feel kind of With Matt where it's like you guys trust each other. Oh we don't know how you do it with Matt. We talk about that all the time really, that we can never do it with our boyfriends ever in a million years we're like, this is so much easier because I don't know how you don't take it home. I would we, I would go crazy. I think we just have found this like weird balance where we know how sacred both elements are and it's like the minute we can tell one of us is like burnt out, we're like, let's stop talking about work. But we also just like, it's our passion, we love it. Like I don't feel like it's work. So and then the minute it does feel like it's too much then we're like okay, stop. But I think it's beautiful that you guys have found this like perfect rhythm.


Well perfect. Yeah. Yeah. You guys are still figuring it out, right? Like it's not, it's perfect. The biggest hit that people don't realize though is, so one thing I'll say is every time we do an interview they always want like us to hate each other. They're always asking if it's, especially if we interview individually, they'll always ask me, what do I hate about Sophia? What does she hate about me? It's so fucked. It's weird. We really want like the beef between the two women I think, which I think is really interesting because you see in all narratives, like when you have women in business, they're, they always want there to be some sort of cat fight. And I think the clar clarification is me and Sophia fight all the time. I mean we're co-founders and best friends but it's about like having something so we can figure out at the end of the day like, okay, we disagree on this but like if you think that color blue is better, like let's just go for it and if it's wrong we'll get rid of it.


Like, and then we'll do you know my idea next? And so that's like the biggest thing I think we've learned is just argue really fast and we have something where we limit arguments to what, five minutes now. So at the end of it we're like, okay, decision time. Like I'm so madda, I'm like five minutes ding, dinging, we're done. We're not talking about this anymore. Back to work. We need to decision. Like we need to decide what the next step is. So even like, you know, getting it off the chest and then at the end of the five minutes like okay, what are the action items? Okay. If Phoebe's mad Phoebe, go for a walk. Phoebe, go get latte. Phoebe, go take a nap. Phoebe, come back. Or you know, let's make a decision, let's try this and then if it fails okay great, we'll try it for a week and then do your idea. But I love what you said Phoebe, because it's so real where yes people want whenever there is a duo Yep, yep. People want to be like how is it not working?


And the reality is if anyone's like it's so perfect, just like a marriage, just like a friendship and a business relationship, nothing is perfect and I think it's, there should be healthy arguments. Yep. And again it's how you argue is the key factor. The fact that you guys have this like structure where you're like five minutes, let's get through it. That's so healthy.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Claude. The if you know, you know AI assistant that's vibing with millions of people around the world, think of Claude as your pocket AI agony on for dating advice, journaling or as a sounding board for those important life conversations. You can ask Claude to help with almost any task. Whether it's crafting you a business plan for that side hustle, giving you style ideas based on photos of your wardrobe or even interior design. Inspo for that awkward corner of your living room. While other AI assistants sound like robots. Claude just gets it When it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. Basically Claude's a supportive king. You can chat with Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com. Enjoy Daddy Yang,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Rone. The best life is a life in motion. Daddy Gang. I feel my best when I have a full to-do list and a calendar and my life organized and I feel like it gives me purpose and I feel invigorated each day knowing what I'm gonna do. And Rone crafts close for balancing ambition with breathable, flexible and resilient fabrics, you can stay confident, comfortable, and focused no matter where your journey takes you. The Revive Collection was designed to feel effortless while performing relentlessly. Every piece supports your pursuit of balance to stay focused on what matters most. But balance requires intention. Dream Glow is purposefully designed to support moments of recalibration and self-reflection. Each piece empowers you to embrace stillness without sacrificing a thing. Whether you're taking time to recharge or preparing for what's to come. You guys know me. I need to feel comfortable and cozy. And when you look at Ron's collection, the softness of the revive collection in my opinion is something that needs to be a standard when you're putting on clothes. The Dream Glow collection also allows you to feel super comfortable and to also relax and enjoy your time. R is performance apparel fit for progress? Use code. Call Her Daddy to save 20% at rone.com/ Call Her Daddy. That's RHON e.com/ Call Her Daddy with code, Call Her Daddy at checkout.


Okay Sophia, you have talked about feeling pressured to be the perfect immigrant daughter and have more of like a traditional stable career that you felt like at one point you probably would make your family happy if you went that way. Can you talk about how you ultimately decided to take the risk and go for something that wasn't as predictable and stable? 120%. The only reason I was able to take that leap of faith, move to New York City and work on the company was because of Phoebe. I think honestly throughout college it was very much for me fake it until you make it. Like I put on this confident aura deeply still I was insecure and scared and for the first time it was like seeing this person who believed in us and honestly who believed in me that we could do this together made me tell my parents, listen like I'm taking a leave of absence, I'm leaving Stanford.


I know I worked so hard for this. Like I know this was my dream but I need to do this. Like this is our calling and and it was honestly only because of Phoebe because she said I know we can do it. I know this is an opportunity, you need to believe in yourself 'cause I believe in us. And I was like, you're so right and I wanna do this. I don't wanna be an environmental lawyer, I don't wanna work for the un. I wanna build this company with you for the next five or 10 years. Like we can do it. You're right. And it's just so surreal to think, yeah, we were bumbling and fumbling in our dorm room building a smart tampon. We had no idea what we were doing. And now like we launched FIA and we launched a product we are genuinely so proud of that we poured like our blood, sweat and tears into and it was all because Phoebe was like, it's worth it.


We can take the leap of faith. Stanford will always be there. It's worth it. Can I ask, 'cause obviously you guys sitting on this couch, you have such different backgrounds and like you Sophia talking about wanting to get scholarships and getting the scholarships and trying to figure out how to get in the door that way. And then Phoebe coming from a place of privilege and you both kind of like having this like beautiful opposite energy of where you both came from. Like how have you guys like found an equal feeling to merge your independent lives and your backgrounds into one in a business? I think it's about, Phoebe really made me understand like you are a byproduct of your own beliefs and if they're self-limiting, that's how your life is going to pan out.


Like you can't have a scarcity mindset. And I think especially when you come from a background where you're being pushed to do something really typical, like climb the career ladder, get the pedigree, you never think about what if, like what if you take that risk? And Phoebe being able to do that for me has everything to do with just who she is as a person. Like that's just how you're wired. Phoebe, you coming from a place of privilege, your dad being Bill Gates, did you ever feel like it's been difficult to make a name for yourself and really like carve your own path and not just be like Bill Gates daughter? Yeah, I think a hundred percent. But the tough thing is it's like, yeah that's difficult but that comes with so much privilege, right?


Like I didn't have to fight for a scholarship in college. Like I didn't, I knew what my college was gonna be paid for. I had incredible opportunities because of my parents. Like if I didn't have my parents as my rock, like I wouldn't have been able to have these incredible opportunities. So yes, it came with the thing of like, oh yeah, I am in my parents' shadows and like, you know, it is gonna be tough to make a name for myself. I had to learn very early on who were true friends, who weren't true friends. But honestly like I think all in all like I have an incredibly privileged life. And so I think saying that is like, oh it's, it's a hardship. It isn't really for me because it's like I've been so blessed with what I've been given by my parents and I'm never gonna pretend I haven't been, Obviously we've all seen like the nepotism conversation online and I, I think that's like, there's not a right answer because if people are like, what do you want them to say?


And I do feel that from you since the day I've met you. Like you're so hardworking, you're so smart and yes you have this privilege, but it's beautiful to see what you're doing with it in a, I guess what I would wanna ask, 'cause I know you're not saying you're like feel bad for me, but like how have you walked into rooms and in moments, how do you deal with it when you can feel someone's maybe not, not not taking you seriously but being like, oh it's like Bill's daughter, like we'll just like take the meeting or whatever. Like have you, how have you been like no, I am an individual and I am smart and I I do deserve to be here. Like how do you push through those feelings of imposter syndrome but then also knowing your worth? I think it's really about what Sophia said. Fake it till you make it. I used to lean too hard of, and this is something we've discussed a lot too hard on the side of I would overshare consistently of like where I'd messed up.


There are things had gone wrong 'cause I wanted people to feel like I was a real human and not just like, you know, a figure or like a figment of my parents. And so I used to lean too hard on the oversharing side and then I realized like, fake it till you make it. Like if I feel like I am my own person stepping into that room because frankly once you get inside a room, it doesn't matter how you got there. Once your foot is in that door, you're there. And I think that was like the biggest learning. And then frankly, honestly not even like something that I did myself or either of us did, but finding really strong female mentors that were there because they liked us was a huge thing for us. And so finding those people who could say, yeah, you think that's tough for you walking into a room and everyone thinks you're just Bill Gates, his daughter. Yeah. Okay honey, imagine walking into a room in tech in 1965.


Like you think you have a tough babe, like watch what I did see. See the empire I built and learning from those women has been so critical of how do you like be true to yourself and be your own person. I completely agree. I love also what you said about having women as mentors. Mm. I feel like, I mean that's literally how we even got connected is like the more, I feel like it's very isolating as a woman in business to connect with other women because there there is that like scarcity mindset where you see online people trying to tear women down if they're succeeding. And when you see a man succeeding, everyone's like, oh that's so hot and attractive and go him. And when a woman is succeeding it's like, well she must have done something bad to get there.


Who did she fuck? Who did she fuck? Who does she know or who did it for her? And she's like just the face of it. Like there's, they're always trying to tear it down. I think when men are assertive also in business, people are like, wow, this is so attractive and a great quality. As where when a woman is assertive in business, she's considered a bitch. How have you guys navigated being women in business, being business owners and bosses and navigating all of it? I think it's easy 'cause we're bitches. Oh We lay down the Law. That's The reality. So Sophia, We're Hardcore bitches. I know. What if we all just start saying like, yeah, I'm the biggest bitch, I'm such a a fucking bitch.


Like, yep. And what else? Like it is kind of like, yeah, just own it. I think The hardest thing for us was learning originally how to fire people. Because I feel like as a woman you are asked to be everything. When someone reaches out for you and wants, you know, support or wants advice, you feel like you need to respond to that email, you're not giving back. You know, you're not helping out. There's this, you know, aspect where you feel like you need to show up as a girlfriend, as a friend and a founder. And so I think for us learning really early on to separate the emotions, be like I can't be everything for someone. Like I can't be someone's emotional support. I can't be their friend necessarily if they're my employee and I have to let them go. I have to have a wall there of how I do it. And I feel like we allow men to have that wall but we don't let women have that.


It's so fucking true. And hearing you say that, I'm just thinking about like how many women are listening to this episode right now and have tried to go in and advocate for themselves. Yep. In the workplace, let's say how many women have walked in and asked for something, whether it's a raise or fair treatment or whatever it be. And I know as a woman, 'cause I've done it myself, we're always apologizing. Yep. Like, sorry, like I know you don't have that much time and it's like a man would never walk in and feel anxious and feel like they have to kind of like placate the energy and kind of like also throw in a smile and also throw in like a compliment. And we as women, I feel like we have all these little cushions that we surround the hard truth information that we wanna deliver because as a woman we need to be graceful and we can't be a bitch and we want to come off as sweet and kind and not intimidating.


Where a man is like, I think I deserve the rave. This is the things that I've done to deserve it and let me know if I, if you can give me the raises or not. I think that's a great piece of advice to women is maybe we need to start really thinking to ourselves emotion. Yes, it's what we've trained, we've been trained to do since we were born, but when it comes to business you are as deserving as the person out there with a fucking penis. And so start moving forward and acting like that and be like, you know what, let me try it. 'cause I've been doing this recently and as scary as it is to wonder like, oh my God, is someone gonna call me a bitch? I've just been way more direct running a business. You have to be direct. Yep. Is it scary? Fuck yes.


Because I'm also in a public situation where someone could go and be like, Alex is a bitch. I'm like, no, I just told you the job wasn't good enough. If that makes me a bitch, totally fine. But if it came outta Matt's mouth you would've if anything been like, okay damn, I wanna go work harder. So I like this that you're saying of like firing people or being, trying to be everything for everyone. You can't. So maybe we just need to start saying fuck it. And if the, if the word gets out that you're a bitch, okay, you're doing just fine. What has been the hardest double standard you guys feel like you've had to overcome together? Children, always. Children. We'll have investors ask us all the time, well what happens when you two go have babies? And I remember one time like crying about that. I called my mom and she was like, get up or get out the game sis.


I was like, damn. But I think just like the assumption that, you know, in your career, if you're a woman and if an investor puts in money and you're gonna be around for 10 years that like you know that you're gonna have kids and then you're gonna fuck off. Someone asked that to us. Like literally an investor on a call was like, so what's gonna happen to your company when you have kids? And we were like, what's gonna happen to your venture firm when you have kids? I was like, Sophia, calm it down. Calm it down. I'm like, what about you? Huh? And he's like, like, why? Why would that affect anything? And I was like, you answered your own question. It's So true. And it's so crazy because that's not a one-off. It's wild you say that. I just had someone ask me the same thing. No way. We were talking about a specific thing for business that we were considering launching and someone asked me about my timeline for kids and I was like, oh my god.


And it's like imagine ever asking a man that, listen, I get it, that our bodies are going through something that the man doesn't have to go through. However, like it's, it's so inappropriate. And in my brain when I have a kid I'm like, Matt, we're 50 50. If anything you're 70 and I'm 30 because I already have an extra fucking a hundred percent that's on me anyways. Yep. So step up buddy. Like that is so crazy. Wow. Do you have any advice for women in the workplace when they're dealing with this? Like kids timeline, all of it. Like obviously none of us have kids right now, but like how do you deal with it? Keep a win sheet.


Always. My biggest hack is keep a win sheet of things that you've done. I had someone come to me recently and they, they wanted something, they wanted to do a project or something and they came with a win sheet of here's everything I've done for the business, here's how I've affected the bottom line, here's the things I've created. And I was like, oh my God, you're so right. You did do all those things. I thought I did those, but I was like, no, you did those things like of course then you deserve this. And I think having that, because then you can't be doubted. You can't be on your back foot of, oh what's gonna happen when you know you're a mother, blah blah blah. If you can show up to your boss and say this is my win sheet, this is what I've created for the company and this is what I deserve. I think that's the biggest thing. And having, writing that down even for yourself when you start to doubt yourself and going to look at that is a huge thing.


Such good advice. 'cause it's also like, don't worry about that, I'll handle that. This is what I've done. Mm. And I'm gonna continue to do that and just don't answer questions you don't wanna answer. Sophia's taught me this so much like in when someone asks you something and it's necessarily in a professional setting, it's not a conversation, it's a question and it's a response. And your response doesn't need to be an answer to that question. Especially like in any sort of media setting, it's just a response. So you can twist that and say whatever you want and spin it into your thing. You just need to respond. You don't need to answer their question because sometimes people ask inappropriate questions,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Nike. Nike has just Launched the new 24 7 collection. Nike knows that athletes need to perform and they wanna look good too. This is a new head to toe apparel collection created with performance innovation that delivers tailored all day comfort for a busy life on the go. Think elevated travel, wear a casual date night from the gym to a meeting for women and men. If you know me, you know I love this kind of clothing. Okay, I wanna look comfortable, but I also wanna be able to wear it to the airport and to a meeting. Okay. I am obsessed with their impossibly soft pieces for him and her. They have the joggers, they have half zip pullovers, they have crew, super luxurious, soft feels. And let me tell you guys, Matt's birthday is coming up and you best believe I am getting my husband some good old Nike from this 24 7 collection. Matt loves this stuff to work out in and he also loves it when we're just lounging around the house. They also have perfect stretch pieces for, we have the flowy pants for the women tops, pleated skirts. Super cute. And then for him they have pants and chinos. You can put them in your gym bag in a crumpled up ball, you can throw it on and you're gonna look polished. To shop the complete 24 7 collection. Head to nike.com.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Better Help Daddy Yang. I have talked to you about how therapy has been such a great investment. A big investment, but a great investment. And because I know the state of my mind and how I feel about myself is so important to me, enjoying life in general and being a good person and being a good friend and being a good daughter and being a good wife, that investment has returned to me tenfold. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with better help online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session with better help you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should be accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you can get quality care at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it and now it's within reach. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it is convenient. You join a session with the click of a button and boom, you're ready to go. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/daddy to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE lp.com/daddy.


Okay, you guys are obviously so well put together, but we're gonna play a game called have you ever been unwell? I'm gonna give you an unwell scenario and you tell me if it has ever happened to you. Have you ever embarrassed yourself in front of someone famous Sophia? That's all uses. This is such an embarrassing story and Phoebe knows exactly what I'm talking about. 'cause I talk about it all the time. 'cause I, I just can't forget it 'cause I'm so embarrassed. But we went to, so Michael Rubin had this charity party for, it was like a poker charity party, right? Okay, we're freaking out. This is so cool. All these cool people are there. We're like, oh my God, we look, need to look amazing, whatever. So my dumb ass wears like these five inch stiletto heels. 'cause I need to look like a bomb ass bitch.


And so we go to this poker night thing and I'm like walking down the stairs being like, don't fall, don't fall, don't fall. Don't. It's fall's. It's like, so here's thes, the Entire poker and There's probably what, 200 people in here and there's a staircase like this. We think we're having our moment. You, no one knows who we are. No one has any idea. But each other we're walking down the stairs Done dun dun. Like slow motion. I'm like, what do you think's? Like Cinderella story? You're like, I've Arrived. Exactly. I fucking tumble. Like, I'm not even joking. It was like a movie, like two flights of stairs. It was really bad. Bum bum bum, bum bum. I like collapsed on the floor. I am literally swear to God, gushing blood from my leg. I'm wearing a long dress, no one can see it. I'm gushing blood.


I'm like, I have a concussion. And then I look up, I'm dizzy, I think it's Phoebe. And I'm like, yo bro, I need help. And then Literally she goes, yo bro, It is Jay-Z. No It is fucking Jay-Z being like, Hey, are you okay? I'm literally like, He goes, that was really embarrassing. I'm like, I literally can't speak. I'm just like, yeah. And he literally goes, I know you're, you're embarrassed, right? It's okay. Don't be, it's gonna be okay. Are you okay? I'm like, yes sir. Absolutely. I am so okay. Do not worry at all. I'm so good. Please, please just please leave. I'm gonna start crying. Please, please, please, please, please go away. Do it. Do You take his hand?


Yes, Of course. I take his hand. He's so, he was such a gentleman. He was so sweet. He literally was like, Hey, like do you need someone to come over here? And I'm like, no, no. I promise. I'm so okay. This is so embarrassing. Everyone's looking at me. Please stop. You are like, no, I just need to leave. I was like, I need to leave. And then anyway he, he like helps me up so sweet. And then leaves and then Phoebe walks over and I'm like, I am so embarrassed. I need to leave. Like I'm literally gushing blood. Phoebe's like, no, I wanna go play poker. Phoebe is a blackjack G What do you wanna tell her? What happened after this? Much more important, actually part of this woman, well I'm kind of a loser. So before like the party I had memorized the stats of how you can win blackjack. Like what are The most, you know, the best statistical plays to win 'cause it's game of luck.


Right? Right. And I was at, somehow I ended up at a table with Tom Brady and I ended up beating him in blackjack, which Sophia will not stop talking about. I I talk about it every day. You Shouldn't stop talking about it. I Talk about it every Day. That's actually so Cool. I'm gushing blood losing this game. I have no idea how to play. I look over the, the whole crowd is around. Phoebe matches the fucking mastermind beating Tom Brady at blackjack. And everyone's like, who is that girl? I told Everyone I was an influencer. I'm like, it's called IMG tough. And I model for them it's, it was tough DNA and IMG, they had a lot of debate over me, but it's, you know, it's been a busy career. Meanwhile you're like counting cards And he still like, he says it to you, like, I ran into him once recently and he was like, blackjack.


I was like, that is so Okay. I'm again like, Tom Brady knows who you are. This is so insane. He doesn't know my name. He just knows I was the girl with like the ink written of the different stats. My hands, like he knows You're an model Influencer Baby. You're a model influencer. Wait, okay. Speaking of famous people, your boyfriend is the grandson of Paul McCartney. Indeed. Are you a Beatles person? Oh man, it's so bad. Like, I'm so bad at music. I mean my family like, we're so nerdy so I knew nothing about music. Like I knew about tech stuff growing up, not music stuff. So I remember like early on he was like so excited. Like he thought he was gonna ris me. He took me to an Elton John concert and Elton John comes out in like a bedazzled tracksuit. I'm like, is Elton John Gay? His entire family starts dying laughing.


And now we've been dating like almost two years. Every time I see them like, oh is Elton John Gay? Oh my God. You're like, this girl went to Stanford is Elton John K Oh, are you kidding Me? Oh no. Unfortunately Arthur does not have any musical talent. I've been trying to get him to snay me for a very long time, but it has not happened. I'm not okay That you're like Elton John. They're like, you dumb bitch. Okay, but you're learning. Yes, I am learning. Okay, that's good for you. Okay. Have you ever ghosted someone? Yeah. Oh yeah. I feel like you're so good at ghosting people on the low. I just, yeah, I don't respond. I, I mean I'm so bad at my inbox. I have a DH ADHD that I just randomly ghost people. I'm not gonna lie. What is The most unhinged lie you've ever told to get outta plans?


Sophia? Okay, well Phoebe would always make fun of me in college. 'cause I was You had a template email. I did a template lie email. I had a Template lie email. What? 'cause I was trying to juggle so much in college with all our work Stuff, justify it system, Justify it and my own, like my climate and my UN stuff, whatever. I had so much going on and I obviously always needed a deadline extension on myself. You keep talking, You like, and then this is the reason I also had to do it. And then this is the reason I What, what did you do? So I had a folder of images. This sounds so crazy. So psychotic. I, I, so I had a folder of images that I had with like really random like weird crazy people, right? No, with famous people. People with famous people. But like, like the pope famous, not like Whatever. And the Pope and Malala in this Folder?


Yes. Malala Pope. And one photo of her in the hospital from when she had the stomach virus. I did use the hospital photo many times. Okay. And so I have a folder of photos that I know I can attach to an email that guarantees me a get out of jail free card when you tell your professor, I'm so sorry, I am meeting the pope this week. I really need an extension. They are all like, absolutely you get the extension a hundred per it always worked. It Phoebe's like you're going to hell. She an email with dai lama one with the pope, one with some, a couple different climate guys. And then one is the, this horrific photo I took of her in the hospital when like a TA would be like, why'd you miss class? She'd be like, so sorry I been Very ill And you're fucking attaching a hospital photo.


I did, I have a cell. I, it was a selfie of me going like this in my hospital. Oh, y'all Pull It up with like my hospital band. So they couldn't because I was like, I'm really sick right now. And they're like, it's due tomorrow. And I'm like, I'm literally in the hospital. Can you, you are so mean. You're horrible. You're whole direction. I That is kind of so genius. Although the fucking hospital one, I can't decide 'cause I get, if you say you're in the hospital, most teachers are gonna be like, go fuck yourself. No you're not. Like wear the receipts but then a, a selfie as opposed to just like, the paperwork is Fucking nuts. I'm like, I'm so sorry I'm delirious. This is the only thing I can send you. This is literally like I'm in the hospital. Like I like you. Do you know what a horrible person you have to be to tell someone they can't have an extension if they have literally given you a selfie in the hospital And I'm green is Genius.


I I like it would just be so awkward. 'cause sometimes we'd have like overlapping TAs for different class and they'd come up to me, they're like, oh, so bummed Sophia missed last week. And then I would try to suss out the conversation to see what email she had sent them. Because I'm not sure if it's like a Oh yeah, like it's so cool. Like she did meet the Pope last week. How great is that? Versus like, did she send the hospital selfie email? 'cause that's like a little different conversation I have to have. So I'd be like, as they're like talking, I'm like, yes, it is very interesting that she missed that. I would always tell Phoebe, you have to fucking cover for me bro. I'm dead. I'm like literally dead at the hospital. Phoebe one time is like, how incredible. And they're like, she's in the hospital. You're Like, she was green. I'm like incredibly sad is what it is. It really is. That girl. She works herself too hard.


You dude, Sylvia, you're fucking savvy over there. You're coming up with some good ass shit. Okay, let's talk relationship. Mm. Have you guys ever gone for the same guy? There Was a guy, we'll say Alejandro, we'll Call him because he Spanish. I Like that. Oh, so both of us have these relationships that end. He ended up being both of our rebounds. Importantly my rebound first. I just like to say, but I like this guy is gorgeous. And the reality is there's like three attractive guys at Stanford, so it's absolutely blown out of proportion. And Alejandro was like, I was, I mean I was down bad. This guy was like not interested. I think we made out like a couple times and he, not lo, he was like pretty narcissistic and Hella, hella narcissistic.


My favorite quote from him is saying that he was the best person that Sophia had ever met. And Dalai Lama and Pope were number two and three tied. This Guy's psycho, he's psycho girl. But I warn Sophia after her breakup, I was like, be very careful. Like you're going through a breakup. Like we've been there, I've been down bad for Alejandro. We know there's no one else on this campus. Avoid Alejandro at all costs. He's a witch. And Sophia's like, please, like I'm a bad bitch. Like I'm never gonna fall for this trap. Like, you're so stupid. And I was like, okay. But like, just so you know, like if you and all Hunter get together, like I'm not gonna be upset. Like I understand there's literally one attractive guy on this campus and I can point to him and, but I'm just gonna warn you like it's not gonna end well. My relationship has ended and I'm like, I'm a guy's never gonna look at me again.


I'm so devastated. I don't know how to talk to boys. And Alejandro comes up to, He's like long kind of like highlighting it. Yeah, but it's natural. And he's like, so B, so sexy. And he comes up to me at a party and he's like talking to me. He's flirting with me. I'm like, oh, oh my God. And this whole time I'm like, Phoebe, ew. I would never go for Alejandro. I have no idea what you're talking about. You're psychotic. He comes over and woos me and then I go back and I'm like, Phoebe, Alejandro was flirting with me. I'm, I'm really flustered. I don't know what to do. Phoebe's like, dude, go for it. I get it. But just know like he on the low sucks. And I'm like, but he was just so charismatic and beautiful and handsome and sweet and smart and oh my God, he's just the best.


And it ended up in flames. So Now he texts us. So we put him to therapy because what we did, the next thing I know is I'm like, and if things get messed with Alejandro, I don't wanna be included in this drama because I've already had a pep talk with him about me being down bad for him and like it not working out between us. So I don't wanna be involved if things go south with you two. Next thing I know, I'm in a group chat with Sophia and a Alejandro and she's texting him about how he should go to therapy, which apparently he Did. How long did each of you last with Alejandro? Literally like two weeks. It's, it's was A super dream. Mine was bad like two months. Oh damn. No, not like on and off for like two months. But now it's a bit where he's like my company, my f my girls like how are my ladies?


He's gonna be so gassed that he's included on this podcast. Like we, you don't understand the texts we're about to get. We We're like best friends now he has like a really hot girlfriend. We're really Happy guys. It's actually really disappointing. The therapy fixed him. Like he, He's a good boyfriend. We were kind of hoping with karma that she wouldn't be cute. We're like, nah, there's no way. We looked at the Instagram, it was very tough and You guys were like the stepping stones. We were the Steppings. You guys made it into a better man. We did. And now a deserving woman gets him hundred. But you guys are happy in your relationships. Yes. Yes. Can you explain to me, 'cause I'm sure people are fascinated, what is it like introducing a guy to your Dad?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Olly. We all have different eras that we go through in life, right? Like in college I was a little bit of a degenerate. Then I got outta college and I kept that going. But then I became a serious podcaster and I was like, okay, I have a job now all of a sudden I'm running a company and I'm a dog mom. And all of these things keep ever changing. But no matter what era you're in, Olly's got you Olly's here to support you through every goal stage and magnificent mood change with a full range created for women by women hitting wellness goals is so much easier with tasty science backed gummies that make you actually wanna take your vitamins in the morning. And it's not all about achievement. Olly gets what women go through ease into your cycle with period hero. The tasty gummy ring is designed to support bloating, mood swings and breast tenderness or get back to the balanced you with balanced per meno designed to fit into your routine and support hormonal balance, mood, and your metabolism during perimenopause. Ali is here for every era of you do wellness on your terms, shop all new period hero and other wellness flavors@olly.com and Walmart. That's OLL y.com. Olly, these statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


Daddy Gang, when I think about my wedding, I think of a lot of things. I think about a lot of happiness. I think of stress, but I also think about, oh my God, had Matt and I not had our incredible wedding planners, had I not also had Matt who was basically also helping plan the whole thing. Like I would've been a disaster. Okay, if you are someone that is helping plan a wedding, if you have a wedding coming up, if your best friend has a wedding and you're the bridesmaids or you're the maid of honor, whatever it is, make sure your friend that is a bride or if you are a bride, you have help. Okay? That is where Zola comes in. Zola is a modern wedding planning for modern couples. No lie with Zola, you can plan your entire wedding in one convenient place while riding on the couch. That sounds like my cup of tea. Okay? And not only does Zola have every tool you need to make planning enjoyable for making your vendor search non anxie inducing to wedding websites and an instant registry that you can literally build with one click. They also really get you. Here's the thing, when you're planning a wedding, there are these challenging expectations that one person will be doing all of the work, right? You're like, oh my God, it's just gonna be one. No, no, no. Here's the thing. They are here to remind you that there is no right way to do things and it's only what works for you. And Zola will have your back from day one to the wedding day. I get it. It is so stressful, Daddy Gang, don't let yourself go through this like decision fatigue. I feel like that is a real thing. When I think about my friends that are now getting married, I'm like, you guys, I know it's so hard to make a decision. You need someone to help you do that. And here you go, Zola. So Daddy Gang, if you're getting married, if you're walking down the aisle, if you're doing the damn thing, start planning@zola.com. That's ZOL a.com.


What Is it like introducing a guy to your Dad? I think terrifying for the guy, for me hilarious. Because my dad's like pretty socially awkward. Like he said he is, you know, has Asperger's like to me it's so funny. But for guys I think they get like really wigged out. And I'll never forget, like early in high school, before I had like a long-term boyfriend, it was like one of my first like dances maybe my like sophomore or junior year. And my mom had like signed my dad up to drive me and the boy to the dance together. First off, my dad insisted on us listening to NPR, the entire 30 minute drive. He stopped for fast food. Then he calls the guy, he's like, be responsible tonight. Max Dauer, his name was was was Maxwell Danen.


Hower literally wanted to die. But honestly like I think like now it's become easier for me because it's just funny like when you introduce a guy to your dad and it's like depending on how he reacts, that's how you know if he's gonna be a good guy or not. Such a good point. Wait, how are you and your dad different and similar? We are, I'm way more of a people person than he is. He would a hundred percent say that. Like it used to be a joke of like, our family would be so boring if I wasn't born. I'd force my dad like at the dad daughter dances. My mom would like have us go to, I'd force my dad to go like talk to all the other dads and daughters there and he would get like nervous and leave. And I was like, no. Like if we're here, we're gonna socialize. Like we gotta work this room Bill.


Like these other, these other dad and daughters, they're sweeping us up like we gotta get out here. So I'd say we're very different in that way. I'd say in terms of ness, we're both very competitive. I mean, you do not wanna play a board game with the two of us. And that's actually worse than introducing a guy to my dad is my dad's always like, let's play pickleball, let's play a board game together. Let's do a puzzle together. And the second you do that, like the guy's like trying to put two pieces together. My dad's like grabs the pieces out of his hands, like shoving them together. So that is actually when it's really nerve wracking to put a guy around. My dad, like pickleball of my dad, he like puts on his glasses. He's like, f have you experienced this competitiveness? Oh my god, this is so embarrassing. But the first time that I met Bill, we were going to a concert or something and so it was like me and Phoebe and a couple friends and we were all staying at Phoebe's house.


And so her dad was there, which I am an idiot and I obviously people's parents are at their houses. So I literally have face gems over my So Sustainable face gem companies sent face gems to Sophia. I was like, throw the burn, those things. She was like, these are immaculate. Yes. I'm like literally like in my sparkly set with my face gems, blah, blah, blah. I'm walking, I'm walking, I'm walking. Boom. I run straight into Bill Gates and he's like, wow, wow. I I I like your outfit. Who, who are you? And I'm like, I'm Sophia, I'm, I'm Phoebe's co-founder actually we're we're in business together and he's like, oh it's really nice to meet you Sophia. I I, I like your outfit. I'm like, so, so nice to meet you Bill.


So nice. I need to go, I need to go. And then I'm literally like, Phoebe, why would you not tell me your dad is here? This is so weird and embarrassing. Like I don't wanna meet anyone's parents with fucking glitter all over my face. And she's like, did you not think my parents were gonna be here? Like hello? Obviously I, I just was dumb. But it was literally I, I honestly still every time I see your dad I'm like, he probably thinks I'm so weird. He honestly probably does not remember at all I guarantee. Right. He's a remember I okay this crazy bitch. Anyways, bye. Don't care. That is you're like, I wish I was in a suit. Yes. And like really presenting. Yes. But then honestly like look it worked out. You guys are still in business together. Yes. Okay, let's talk about f. So by the time this comes out, you'll have been one week launched one. Just tell me how much are you twitching to look at your phones right now?


Very much. I'm like eh, I need to text Fifth Cross. You guys literally just launched like how are you feeling? Honestly, it's been so exciting. Sophia is currently on the top 100 shopping charts. We were basically crying and then we were like, wait, we, our makeup needs to look good for Call Her Daddy because we were so excited. But honestly it's just been such a long time in the making. When we were in college, we probably had no idea that what we would end up launching is now FIA is an app and a shopping tool where basically as you're shopping in one click it will find you the best price on fashion. So it's like say you're looking at like a thousand dollars Gucci bag, FIA pops up and then you ask it should I buy it? And it's like girl, no the price is high. Like you can buy this for $250 on the RealReal or on like eBay, whatever.


And then you can save like 75% off. And so it was honestly like the tool that we wished we had in college. 'cause what me and Phoebe really bonded over is we loved secondhand shopping but it's just so hard. There's so many sites. Like you never know if like one reseller scamming you or not. And so we built this like really easy tool so that anyone while they're shopping can get this like instant price check. Kind of like Google flights for fashion. And I honestly think we were really nervous this morning, but just seeing girls like dm us being like, wait, this is so smart. Like this is so helpful. Like now I can save time and money and like I'm so glad that you guys built this and thought about us. So someone listening today, walk me quickly through, what do they do?


You go to the app store, you download Thea, you basically click a button that says take me to Safari. You go to Safari, you click and then you turn on the extension, you toggle it on and then there's two popups that show up. And then you need to say, I want to allow F on every shopping website. Every website is the key. Not for one day, not for just this website. Every website. That's where everyone falls off and then you're done. It's honestly like 1, 2, 3 app toggle permissions. You're done. I am so excited for you guys. I'm excited for fia, I'm excited for The Burnouts. I think everything you guys are doing is so exciting and it's so nice to meet people and get to know people that are like so smart in such a different field than me.


I think it's like very stimulating to listen to you guys and talk to you guys because I think what we've probably all recognized is there's so much through line between all of these different industries and when you think that you can't relate, you're like, oh, there's all the same themes of being stressed, staying up late at night, like everyone listening is gonna take something from this. And it's inspiring to hear you guys talk about this story. I love you guys. This was so fun. I feel like we got like a good amount of chaotic fun and also like really good advice. And honestly like the hacks. The hacks that you rock at journal request. No, it's crazy. Hashtag journal request. Everyone go become famous. We're gonna be using, we're gonna be eating that up before this goes ni next week. 'cause then the hack is gonna be dead. No, and we also need, we all need our own Kobe.


Okay. No, I love you guys. Thank you so much for coming on. Call caller daddy. This was a dream. You guys are amazing. Congrats. Thank you so much. Thank You so much Alex. Alex, download FIA on the app store now. Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week.


If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple podcast. To start your free trial today,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder Spring and festival season is upon us Daddy Gang, it is time to get on Tinder and take a chance on matching with a new crush on Tinder, it has quite literally never been easier to find a new person with the same music interest shoot. I mean, maybe even someone who interest juices you to something new. Okay, maybe you're not even just getting a date. Who knows? Maybe you're getting a whole new set of plans instead of things to do. Okay, but you better throw a couple likes their way or you'll never know. Explore all possibilities for yourself on Tinder. It starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Sofi. The next gen finance app, Daddy Gang. Managing your finances is so important and Sofi can help. Sofi just launched Sofi Plus America's most rewarding financial membership all in one app. With Sofi Plus, you can unlock $1,000 plus in value across banking, investing, spending, and more available for $10 a month or at no cost with direct deposit. Power Up your money with Sofi Plus at Sofi dot com slash Call Her Daddy.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone who handles your personal information is as careful as you are, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors, millions of data points a second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/daddy terms apply.