
Haagen-Dazs is made to be savored and enjoyed slowly introducing new Haagen-Dazs Belgian waffle cones. A completely new experience that's worth slowing down for. Available in four delicious flavors, including my favorite toasted Almond Fudge. It's a crispy Belgian waffle cone full of luxurious vanilla ice cream. Topped with toasted almonds and milk chocolate curls. And finished with fudge sauce at the bottom. Daddy Gang, I love, love, love, a good vanilla chocolate almond combo. So get yourself some ice cream New Haagen-Dazs, Belgian waffle cones available at retailers nationwide.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Rosetta Stone. New season, new energy upgrade you invest in yourself with Rosetta Stone. Daddy Yang. There is nothing more attractive than when someone can speak multiple languages. There's also nothing more invigorating than continuing to learn as we all get out of school. How are we continuing to push ourselves? Right? Don't wait. Unlock your language learning potential. Now, Call Her Daddy. Listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit rosetta stone.com/ Call Her Daddy to get started and claim your 50% off today.


Hi Daddy Gang. I am currently in Boston, okay. And I'm on my way to the Post Malone concert and I figured I, I don't wanna go alone. I would love for you to come with me. That's why I got us this limo. But if we're gonna go to his concert, I don't know. I just figured maybe we should also interview him. You wanna come? Let's get into it. What is Up? Daddy Gang, it is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy, daddy. Daddy the man of the hour every Come take a seat. Yes ma'am. Thank you so much. I'm gonna give you a little hug before I would absolutely love, just because you know good vibes.


How are you doing? I'm amazing.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Claude. The if you know, you know AI assistant that's vibing with millions of people around the world, think of Claude as your pocket AI agony aunt for dating, advice, journaling, or as a sounding board for those important life conversations. You can ask Claude to help with almost any task, whether it's crafting you a business plan for that side hustle, giving you style ideas based on photos of your wardrobe or even interior design. Inspo for that awkward corner of your living room. While other AI assistants sound like robots. Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. Basically, Claude's a supportive king. You can chat with Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com. Enjoy Daddy Yang.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Kleenex. Ultra soft tissues. Oh, when I think about the spring arising, right, I'm like, I need Kleenex tissues more than ever. Right now here's the thing. Matt and I, Matt's got allergies, okay? And when we're outside, I've got those things in my purse ready to go and I'm not now worried. It is the time of the year the flowers are blooming and the birds are chirping. And also that time when allergies can test you and show up when you lease expect. But with Kleenex, ultra soft tissues, you can be ready to face them. Whether it's sneezes or watery eyes. You don't wanna be caught without a tissue on hand to help. Kleenex. Ultra soft tissues are gentle on eyes and noses there for all the moments at home and on the go that allergies can disrupt this allergy season. Be better prepared with Kleenex ultra soft tissues, which is allergist approved so you can go on with your day. Life. And allergies can both be unpredictable, but you can be prepared for that time of year by making sure you always gut Kleenex. Ultra soft tissues ready for whatever happens next. Grab Kleenex.


I guess I should say Post Malone. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Well, Thank you for having me. I am so happy to be here. It's very exciting for me. I've always wanted to meet you. Yes ma'am. You have a fabulous vibe. Thank you very much. We are currently in your dressing room. Mm. Backstage you're gonna perform Tonight we are in Massachusetts, a little outside of Boston. Yes ma'am. Do you have any like, connection to Boston? You have friends in Boston? I have a lot of Patriot fans as friends. Well friends is a very like loose term. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I suppose. Oh yeah. Like are you friends With, are you friends with Tom Brady? Is that what you're saying? Well, no, no, just Patriot fans. Oh, okay. He is a very sweet guy, but I, a lot of people on the team are for some reason New England Patriot fans and Oh, I love that.


It's, it's all right. I guess it's good. It's not, I don't know. You don't Like the past? No ma'am. No ma'am. So respectful. No ma'am. I fucking hate them, ma'am. I actually went to college in Boston. I haven't been back since graduation, so it's kind of like a pretty surreal moment for me. If I knew in college I was ever gonna, you know, interview you Sure. I probably would've shit my pants. Cool. Hey, I, I had did shit my pants today. Oh, you did? Yes. I wanted to say also Thank you for coming. I know you have a very busy schedule too, so I appreciate you coming. Thank you. No, I Appreciate you and I appreciate you waiting as well. I'm, I'm here drinking and relaxing. It's good. It's good vibe. Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. So as I was getting ready for this interview, I was like, okay, I know you typically go by post, but you have a new album out called Austin.


Yes ma'am. Which is your first name? Yes ma'am. So what's the vibe? Do you wanna start going by Austin now? My football coaches used to call me Posty and that's kind of where that started. You can call me whatever you want except late for dinner. Late for dinner. That's like my most old man joke of all time. I literally, that's a joke from like the 20 from, I'm Not gonna, it's like a Dust bowl joke, I'm not gonna lie. It took me like two seconds to register the joke and now I get it. So now I'm gonna laugh after The thing is there's no joke really. Okay, so comedy was Different? No, no, no, no. It's great comedy. I appreciate you. No, that's interesting because I was talking to someone that's on your team and he was like, yeah, like sometimes like I'll call him Austin when we're more private vibe and then post when it's more like he's Post Malone, he's out there.


Oh, You talk to people from the team? Oh, I've been like interviewing everyone about you. I'm getting all the tea posts, I'm getting all the vibe. That's terrible. So do you think, like, is Austen and Post Malone the same person? Or is post kind of like an alter ego? I think it's a, it's weird to think about. I think it's everything is me. You know, everything is me. My name's Austin. Everyone calls me Austin. Whenever I introduce myself, I always say Austin, I think, 'cause I got Post Malone from just putting my name in a rap name generator, like in high school. That is what we need to clarify. So when I was researching, I was, hold on ma'am.


Your actual last name is Post? Yes ma'am. Which I don't ma'am think everyone knows. Yes ma'am. So it's Austin Post. Well, yes ma'am. So you put Post as the first, and you're saying you put into a random generator and you got Malone? Yes Ma'am. It just gave me the name and I said, you know what, that does sound cool. And so I did it. I wanted to name like Wiz Khalifa, but it's not nearly as cool as Wiz Khalifa, but it's like a, it has two words. So it's kind of like Wiz Khalifa great. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty unique. Yes ma'am. So you're on tour, obviously that's where we are right now. How is Tour going for you? It is a Maze Balls. It's my first tour with a band. Okay. So I'm, so, I'm having so much fun. I'm so excited.


And like for the longest time it would just be me on stage running around and it was very lonely up there. And so now I can look around and if like I fuck up or anything, I'll just be like, Hey, stop. And then the crowd would be like, oh, he, it wasn't him, you know? So that's like kind of, You're like, I can blame it on everyone else. It's not my fucking fall. I fall on my face like my fucking guitarist stripp me. What the hell Happened? What's this guitarist we're doing here? So what inspired you to name the tour? If y'all weren't here? I'd be crying. It is true. For The most part. No, no, not really. Not anymore. I'm actually so happy now. It's super interesting being out on tour for a long time.


'cause for a long time we just ran around the world, especially when I was, you know, like younger and I could, and before Covid and all that stuff. And now being back out on tour is hard 'cause I'm old or I feel old. At least I'm at dad. How old are you? I'm 28. I just turned 28. That's, I, whenever I started I was 19 and like, and I was like, everybody's like, oh, he's like 20 years old. And I'm like, yeah, that's, yeah. But now I'm like 28 and no one cares. I love it. We're the same age, so am I old? No ma'am. I feel like 20 eights like, we're like just getting to our prime. No, you're tired. I super tired and, and going on tour now my knees click Boy, 20 years.


Like I'm little now. It's everybody with the, You can get you a little Brace. There's a bunch of stuff. Yeah, I, I mean, I would love, I wanted to go stone cold, Steve Austin, double leg braces. 'cause it's so sick looking. And I'm, I wear jorts every show. So it's like perfect. It's a jort stop and then the knee brace Begins and then the knee brace begins and you're like, why does he wear those? I don't know. But it looks cool. I think. I think the more shit that like WWE wrestlers put on. Yeah. I'm like, whoa. They must have, like, they've been through some shit. I feel like you're the only person that could pull off jorts and knee pads or like knee brace vibe Or just, if I did knee pads, that would be badass. And I wanna like, because sometimes I'll hurt my hand because I'm a dumb ass and I play in my garage and like stab myself with a knife on accident.


Yeah. And then I'll have to like wrap my hand and I'm like, oh, I'm so cool. I love it. Okay. So I hope next, next time I see you, you're gonna be wearing that shit. Yes Ma'am. That didn't answer your question at all. It's okay. It's okay. I don't care if we swerve, like who gives a shit. We're here to have a good time. We're getting ready for your, your concert. Yes ma'am. What is on your rider? And actually, can you explain what a rider is? Because some people may have no fucking idea what that means. Yes, ma'am. So there's, there's many schools that of thought here. I actually don't know how to spell rider. I don't know if it's Ryder or writer. And I think that's kind of like where the two schools like disagree. Okay. And then, but there's a lot of different arguments that can spread outta that conversation. We won't go there.


Okay. But, okay. A writer is a list of stuff that you like, that I guess make you feel at home whenever you're not So list us. Yours. Come on. The thing about my writer is not updated. I still get candies that I don't like. Oh. Like what? It's not that I don't like, but for the longest time we had gummy bears, like harbo gummy bears, which are fine. But if you eat, you eat 'em every day for like two years straight. Yeah. Tastes like medicine. I want, I want black forest. Gummy bears. I wanna switch it up. But for now we have red cups. I gotta look over there. We have emergency Post. Why don't you just read?


What do you like? What do I like? What do you wish was in here? I prefer on my writer like a stack of like a million dollars cash. Yeah. Would be very bitching. They don't give a shit about you. I guess that's what I heard. Old man vibes. That's like, it's over. Like you're, I gotta go home. His knees click. We don't fucking care. You're like, as long as just eat the fucking harry bow gummy burn. Do you think your high maintenance or low maintenance? I consider myself low maintenance. I think. Do you think if I asked your team they would agree Y ah yes. Yes. I think so. I don't know because I'm at, at the core of everything, I'm super simple. I need a beer, I need cigarettes, and I need two hours in the bathroom to answer emails.


That's it. That's all I need, I think. Wow. And then a little bit of beer pong. But I will say something I'm a little bougie about is I need good cups and balls. Okay. Like very specific cups and balls because the way, and a lot of the, you know, there's a lot of different cups and balls out there. Yeah. And sometimes they'll try to skimp out on the cups. And that's when I, I've had enough. You Take your beer pong very seriously. Yes Ma'am. And I'm, I've gotten worse as I've gotten. I used be so Good. Yeah. Wait, I was talking to Bobby and he was like, you know, he's so fucking good. You're bad now. Yeah, I'm bad now. I'm so bad. I, I think that's also a facade. So I'm so bad you're saying that. And then we're gonna go in there and you're gonna be playing and you're gonna be better than everyone.


Are you superstitious before you go on stage? Like, is there anything specific you have to do where you're like, holy fuck, my day's ruined. Well, answering the emails is very important. Okay. We're doing tonight. Noah's coming out. Oh, well this is in the future. It's fine. Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. Well, in Boston, Noah Kahn came out and we were talking about inventing diapers for performers because you never know, you hit the wrong move and it just, it's Vesuvius, It's gonna go, Yeah. It's apocalyp, it's Yellowstone level eruption sometimes. Does that happen to you often? No, ma it's never happened to me. Oh.


Let's just make this very clear. It's never ha I wanna look at every camera and say, it's never happened to me. Okay. But if it does happen, that's like night. That's a nightmare. Yeah. That's like a Nightmare. Well, one, one could assume that you would, since you were like, I've been really thinking about inventing these diapers as if this is like a serious like sewage problem for you where you're like, just letting it rip. Well Then there's the whole thing because that then think of what I could do with that two hours. Hmm. Okay. Sometimes I'll bring a guitar in there. Sometimes I'll, I mean, all the best lyrics are written on the shitter. A hundred percent. Yeah. Can we clarify for a minute? Sure. So what I've heard is you do some of your best songwriting on shrooms and on the toilet. Yes ma'am. Those kind of Well, That's what I was gonna say.


Like, let's, let's, let's talk about it. Are you taking shrooms and then camping out in the bathroom? Like are these two things together or are they kinda like separate ventures? They Are separate ventures, but I've never even thought about it that way because they do kind of, I've had some of the meanest shits in my entire life off the shrooms and just beer. It's 'cause it'll be like beer. Like whenever I was a kid too. It'd be like beer and shrooms for like four days and not eating anything. And I will be like, guys, I'm gonna die. Right. You're shitting your brains out. Yeah. It's terrible. A skinny legend. You're like, it all just caught Me. It's, I lost like 10 pounds from this one trip once.


No. Wow. But wow. It's crazy because one point it just knocks on fucking Hell's Gate and you're like, okay, we need to open the floodgates now or else We need to take care of this. This is a problem. You keep talking about doing emails. Like do you not have someone to do your emails for you? Well, Emails is just code for shitting, answering emails is just code for shitting. Okay. I didn't know if you're actually sitting doing emails while you're taking your shit. Sometimes I'll answer some emails I do on tour. I, it's hard to like bring gaming consoles and stuff and I'm pretty huge pro gamer. So I do a lot of online shopping and everybody thinks every order I place is fake. But you're like really shopping in there while you're shitting.


It's me and then they call me or Or You put your name on the order. I have To. No you don't. Yeah, I do because they call me and they're like, Hey, we've had a lot of fraud. And we wanna say, they even call me about my billing address, not matching up with like my home address and stuff. And I talk little do they know I'm totally on the can and I have to run like a white noise machine or a little bit of water and I have to specifically get up and turn it off and then sit back down just so they don't think like I'm in. And I know sometimes they can tell with like the reverb. 'cause what's interesting about a bathroom, you can definitely tell if you're on speakerphone, you can definitely tell if someone's in the bathroom and then in pictures for some reason.


If you send someone a picture like a selfie while you're shitting, there's no way that you don't know they're on the toilet. It's like an angle or something. Are you often taking selfies while you're shitting? No, but if I do, Who would you send a selfie to while you were taking a shit? I don't like a, like a, I have a bunch of like ex seal buddies and ranger buddies and they, they do it all the time. They're like, Hey, just take it a shit. What's popping? And I'm like, all right, yeah, me too. You know what? Fuck it. Let's do it. Yeah, it gives you like a little extra hair on your chest. You're like, I'm feeling myself digging shit. Like Well this is just like, this is kind of what boys do. This is like what we do. We send each other shitty selfies. Yeah, I like that for you. And then Dre will FaceTime, my manager will FaceTime me or something and I'll be like, Hey, you know what, hey, what's going on?


And he can definitely, you can definitely tell on FaceTime. It's always such a pleasure to sit down with people. 'cause you never know where an interview's gonna go. And like, what I love about Call Her Daddy is like, usually it has one vibe. But today it's like, today we're talking about shit and like this. Yes ma'am. But it's comedy. You're bringing the comedy. I love it. You can say this interview really went in in the can. It Went in the can. Okay. I wanna take a step back. Before you were Post Malone, you were just Austen. What were you like as a kid? Weird. Weird. I've always been like, I don't know, I've, I've always been kind of an introverted kid. But then, you know, I loved Express.


I love making music forever. I love playing games. I loved hanging. I like, I had a small group of friends. We would just go over to my buddy's house every day and just play games and stuff and I don't know. Yeah. Weird. A little weirdo. When you, when you say you're a little weirdo back then, is there like a memory or something, like a story that comes to mind that you can help us like, kind of describe you as a younger kid? That's a hard question. I remember I grew my hair long. I wore the tightest crew jeans I could find and crew was the shit. It was like the crews and the fallen purple fallen shoes with the fat laces.


And I, I would go, we, I don't know. And then I started, everybody started like Goodwill and like, and go into like the stores to go grab like old pan loafers and shit. Yeah. Thrift just, yeah, thrifting. I don't know why I couldn't think of that word. It's okay. I got you. I'm here. Thank You very much. Yeah, of course. But yeah, we would just go run around and play games and I don't know if there's a specific memory. I know everybody's like, oh, I'm quirky, I'm zany, you know, I'm wacky. But You are just like, I was a weirdo. I don't know. Fuck off. I I was just me. Yeah. That's the whole thing. You know, I moved when I was nine and then like, I used to get bullied a whole bunch in, in school For What?


For I, I guess like dressing the way I did and stuff like, 'cause I was like, we wore skinny jeans and all that stuff and that was like, just like kind of a new deal. Yeah. And I don't know, but people throw gum in my beautiful hair. I had beautiful hair. I had to cut it all off. You'd cut it off because there was so much gum in your hair. No, No. There's way too much gum in my hair. I need to, this is becoming a problem. But I, I was safer. I was safer because the gum would harden and so if like I fell off the skateboard or something. Right. Like After class could be protected post would have so much gum in his hair because the entire class would throw gum. And if you fell it was more of like a little rebound thing. Like you were chill. I was not, I I was not throwing gum every day.


Okay. Just Occasionally. Yeah, no, occasionally. Oh there's that fluger Listen with the gum. So what is that? Trident layers. That's good shit. That'll get stuck. Super gut. So you Wore skinny jeans. Do you think that was the gist of why you were getting bullied? No, I don't know. I think it was always because I was, I always wanted to be myself, I guess. And we all know high school is super high school. Totally. So, totally middle school, high school. And I, when I was a kid too, it just didn't start me off good at all. 'cause I wore slacks and a dress shirt every day and slick my hair back. 'cause I saw my dad go to work and I was like, you know what, that dude's cool as fuck.


So I wanna do that too. Yeah. I could see that. Like, the kids be like, why the fuck are you wearing slack? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you're like, 'cause my dad does. It'd be like, my dad's cool guys. What the fuck? Yeah. And they're like, well, we're in fucking middle school, in high school bitch. So like, literally get it together. I Remember, I remember for one year my school tried out a uniform and I was already Gucci. I was like, all right. I didn't even have to change shit. I was like, this Is great. Like this is my, I wake up and put this shit on a Saturday, motherfucker is like, is me? Yeah. This is, this is my, these are my PJ's, Dude. It's so fucked. How mean kids are at age, kids are mad. Yeah. Like, I also got bullied and I've talked about on my show, but I'm like, people were so fucking mean. And that like sticks with you. And I feel like it's interesting 'cause now I feel like people know in the industry and just your fans, like you are now known for having like the sweetest, kindest heart.


You're so sweet to people. And I wonder, like, is is any of that because you don't want people to feel the way that you were treated Well? Yeah. I always, I always think about that too. And I know, I think like it keeps me up. Some nights it'll be, it'll be like, say I was at dinner or something and I'm in the middle of taking a bite and someone will say, Hey, can I have a picture with you? And I'll be like, yeah. And I'll get up and I won't be as energetic as I usually because I want to eat too, you know? But yeah, of course. And I always think, and I'm like, man, I could have been so much kinder in that situation. And that kind of drives me nuts because I know how it feels to, to meet someone.


And especially I guess someone that you either know from music or someone that you really like their music or whatever. And I know how that feels for them to be a total asshole. And I never, that's kind of like what drove me, I guess to that. I don't want anybody, it only takes one second outta your day to be. Yeah. Nice and totally. Yes ma'am. Do you have any advice for anyone that ha is like, damn fuck post. I relate to you of like feeling like an outsider, feeling like maybe they don't fit in and they're kind of getting bullied. Like, do you have any advice, any wisdom? Well, I guess, well, I don't know about wisdom, but yeah. I mean, coming, coming from, from, from that and just like, you are so fucking cool.


You are so fucking cool. Even if no one thinks you're fucking cool, you're super fucking cool. I guess that's it. I mean, at the end of the day, you, you, you're only one person your whole life. And you should be able to express yourself and live your life and do whatever the fuck you wanna do as long as you're not hurting anybody. And a lot of people don't really understand that, I guess. Yeah. Especially it's hard being a kid. It's hard being a kid. And I, I I, I'm not gonna say I understand why kids bully people, but you know, it's, it's hard being a kid and you people go through shit every day. Yeah. And, and you know, just keep being yourself. Yeah. Just keep being fucking cool 'cause you're fucking cool and no one can tell you shit really.


For example. You're pretty fucking cool. Thank you very much. Look, Thank you very No gum anymore. No gum. Shorter hair. Shorter hair. Looking great. Thank you very much. Okay. I'm gonna ask you some rapid fire questions. Okay. And post, I want you to really just give me whatever comes to your mind and your heart in this moment when I ask you this. Okay. Okay. Here we go.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by TravisMatthew Daddy Yang. I think we can all agree when you have clothes that make you feel good, it really does impact your confidence. And TravisMatthew is all about confidence and comfort. And it's not just for men. Their women's collection is designed just for us. TravisMatthew Women's styles Blend laid back luxury with classic designs, delivering elevated comfort through every part of your day. From brunch with friends to a day on the courts, or simply keeping it comfy. Their elevated everyday styles bring a touch of luxury. Their everyday collection is designed for total comfort and effortless style. You guys know all I care about is comfort, but I do care about style. But comfort always comes first. Thank you, TravisMatthew. The cloud collection is next level Soft. Skyloft Soft delivers lightweight ultra soft pieces designed to move with your day while move Knit is buttery soft and made to support every way you move in perfect comfort. Daddy Gang. Make sure you're feeling good, you're lounging, you're out. Whatever it be. You wanna be comfy and you wanna be stylish. Visit TravisMatthew dot com slash women and receive 20% off your first order when you sign up for email. That's Travis M-A-T-H-E w.com/women.


Here is a little secret Daddy Gang investing isn't actually all that complicated, especially with the investing app. Acorns. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for you, your kids in your retirement. You don't need an expert. Okay? Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and you don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. That could be just five bucks or even some spare change. Okay, Daddy Gang, be smart with your money and make the right decisions. So sign up now and Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer only available@acorns.com slash Call Her Daddy, that's A-C-O-R-N s.com/c A-L-L-H-E-R-D-A-D-D-Y to get your $20 bonus investment today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LC and SEC Registered Investment advisor. Visit important disclosures@acorns.com slash Call Her Daddy.


Who is your best friend in the industry? Oh shit. Louis Bell. You have to get rid of one tat Which are you removing For my mommy? Something on my face. Okay. That's fair. Hi mom. And she's here tonight. Oh, I need to meet her. Lovely, lovely. You're Like, no. You sure you can hang out with her as long as you want. Okay. Yes ma'am. Okay. What is something you used to be embarrassed about but you don't give a shit about anymore? Ah, my nipples. Oh, I have poofy nipples. Poofy. That sounds cute. That's not cute.


Oh, Okay. Did You? It's not Cute. It's not fucking cute. Bitch. If I can get, so they're Tough. They're tough. Do you, did you know they were puffy or did you get told they were puffy? Well Why? Yeah, they always gave me shit about that. I never took my shirt off as a kid. 'cause I was like, man, my nipples are so puff, I don't get why I don't understand this. Oh, just A little puff daddy. They're just, I'm puff daddy. Okay. That's how he actually got his name. Have you seen his nipples? He is Puffy nipples. You and Puff daddy One thing got him puffy nipples Bitch. He's just, he's just way richer than me. Stop. Stop. Okay. Puffy nipples. That's a great answer that I didn't anticipate this. This episode's gonna be Post Malone featuring Puffy n Bulls.


This Is good. It's a great Rap name. That is good. Okay. Have you ever joined the Mile High Club? Not all the way. Huh? Like a little finger bang or like you couldn't come. Oh no, def definitely bust. Okay. Is that a fun to say? This is Call Her Daddy. We talk a lot about sax Here. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Definitely bust, but no, no, like coitus. Okay. Not full cotus. Okay. Okay. That's, Thank you. This is Good. And here's the whole deal. Okay. Yeah. And I'll tell you why. I know it's supposed to be rapid fire, but I feel like the moment you get up on an airplane and go to the bathroom or like move around at all, that's when the turbulence starts because I'll see somebody get up and I know they have, they have the poop walk, so I can tell they're gonna be back there.


And I'm like, get back in your seat. It's so bumpy right now. I know this is your fault. Am I the only one that feels that way? No, No, no. I, I agree with you and I understand that. Have you ever had the poop walk on the plane? I have never shit on an airplane. I have never either. I, I can, and you know what, I know it's kind of gross to talk about, but this whole fucking episode is all shit. I was on the airplane and I think there's nothing worse than when someone has gas on the airplane Uhuh and you're just like, like clench it or do fucking something, bro. Because it's wreaking. I'm not gonna lie, I definitely have farted real bad on an airplane before multiple times. And I'm so sorry to everyone that was on there, they probably thought that fucker was going down because they were like, that's not like a natural smell.


So it's gonna be like jet fuel burning or something. It's, It's, but I, I have never shed on an airplane either. And I think it's like there is a level of controllability in there, you know what I mean? But would you rather take someone take a shit or fart on the airplane? Well, you're the fucking culprit over here. Well, you know, I feel like for a, well, look you Yeah. Here, if it isn't jet fuel shitter on the airplane making everybody think it's going down. No. I mean, I feel like during Covid even then we might not even have that problem. So I'd let him rip all the fucking time. He can't smell shit. And that if, if the, if the N 90 fives are that effective, you shouldn't be able to smell my shitty farts. And they're not shitty, by the way. Stinky farts.


You're a little stinkers weren't getting through. It's almost like the motherfuckers that were wearing the ones that weren't thought thick. It's like, well, shame on you. You deserve the far, Well usually what I do, you know, whatever area I'm in, I kind of distribute the ones that are really powerful with the, the twisting filters. So they're like, really? And I just say, Hey guys, this is just in case. And then everybody's usually pretty receptive to it. They're like, Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate the strategy you put into letting it go. Okay. What is your most toxic trait? Mm, I have a bunch of those. Share with the class. Drinking. Drinking and drinking.


And sometimes jealousy. And I'm also sometimes, especially with my good friends, quick to anger. Which is, which is a something I, Jealousy as in relationships. Yes Ma'am. You know, The fiance's like, I'm just chilling in the room. And you're like, yes ma'am, What are you do? Yeah. You're giving a little jealous vibes. I, I am right now. No, No, no, no. Just like I was asking. Yeah. I can tell You're So jealous. I think everybody's gonna be jealous after watching this. 'cause they weren't as free with their fecal talk. No, I I, Exactly. You're just letting it rip literally. Okay, so you're jealous. You're jealous with, with your woman a little.


Okay. But that shows you care. Yeah. Well I guess that's, that's A good way to look at It. I guess that's a, that's a way to look at it. She wouldn't say it that that. Well that's a good way to look at it. I never, you know, necessarily wanna be mean. But I guess that stems from a place of my own insecurity. Yeah. And where and like how insecure I am. Yeah. So that's, yeah. I don't know. Nothing like absolutely wild, but yeah. Yeah. It's just like, you know, I just, I want to feel loved, you know what I mean? I guess that's what it is. I get it. Like, like many humans And you're drinking, are you working on it or you're like cool with it? You just are aware. I am working on it. I used to drink because I was sad. Now I drink for shows and because I'm happy.


It's hard getting out there and I'm get so shy and timid and shit. So I just drink a little bit to I guess cope with that and be able to get my liquid courage literally. You Know? That's so interesting. 'cause I feel like when I see you on stage, especially online and tiktoks, it's like post you are busting out dance moves. It's like you are just like in your own world up there. I would don't think anyone would think that you would be too shy to get up there. Oh, well that's, you know, the alcohol, that's, yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. It's, it's, you think these dance moves just these come they're conduit from a great drinker in the sky somewhere.


Yeah. You're like, I'm actually just hammered. And that's why I feel comfortable. The bust move in my jorts. Thank that's, that's Exactly what it is with my knee braces. Exactly. Please put those on before the show tonight. What is a purchase you blew too much money on And regret? Regret. Oh. Or you blew too much money on and you're aware but you don't give a fuck. I bought the Lord the Rings magic card. Oh. Do you wanna tell me how much that was? It's $2 million. Where Is, don't make me regret it right now. Oh. Oh, you were saying you don't regret it because I'm like No, I definitely, I definitely don't regret it. Oh, where Is it now? It is, well I guess right now, since this is in the future, I have it already.


Would you like to see it? Oh yes. Can't Wait. Let's do it off camera. Yeah, yeah, yeah. $2 million on a fucking card. Yes ma'am. Wow. So you really like Lord of the Rings. I Like Lord of the Rings and magic together. Do you like Frodo? I'm down with Frodo. He, I think he's cool. He's a flawed character, but we all are. Yeah. And I like his feet. Oh. Not like in a sexy way, but I just think it's cool how he lets him, he's walking around like The most treacherous place in the world in his bare feet. And I'm like, that's fucking cool. Yeah. I appreciate you clarifying. 'cause I think on this show people would think you were like, oh, I jerk off to frodo's feet. That's the vibe this show would give. So it's good you clarified That answering emails can mean a lot of things.


Yes, Exactly. Exactly. Okay. $2 million for a fucking card. Damn. How old were you when you lost your virginity? Fuck. You can be honest. What counts? Putting your dick in something? In the coochie, in something. Well, I didn't know like, oh, Okay. In Something A but or a V, But, Well, First ho Whoa. Alright. Alright. Ah, fuck. No, no, no. Are you, do you like women's specifically? Yes, ma'am. Okay, so, so a v then a vagina. Okay. What's the first time you put your dick in a vagina? Well, I thought he was like, like he was like, when's oh, first time for anal? And I'm like, whoa, fuck I this shit. Oh, we can go there too. When's the first anal the first time you can be.


Let's go. Here we go post. Woo. Let it rip. Oh. Oh fuck. September oh eight. No, that's from the other guys. That was his first desktop. Okay. I don't know. I question was age. Age. 17. 17? What about the bum hole? No. Fuck. Oh, not till a couple years later. What was the experience like For me? Very cool. It is a crazy thing. You know, there's a lot of crazy stuff you look at as a kid and I'm like, you know what? Fuck, I don't wanna try this shit. You know? Did she shit on your dick or know you were okay? No ma'am.


No ma'am. No ma'am. No ma'am. Okay, we're moving on. He kept it clean. It was clean when you pulled out. You were okay. You weren't traumatized. No, I was not. It sounds like you're saying she was Though. No, but I can never, I can never like, speak on behalf it be like we talk and be like, yeah, everything's great. Yeah. But then like, like, I don't know, like, is this nor Yeah. Have you? No, not again with the whatever. You Wouldn't do it again. No, No, no. I'm done. No, I would, I, I mean I would Oh, but not with the same lady. Totally, Totally. You have a lady. No, understood. But like Right, this was like, not with the same lady, we never did it again.


Does that make sense? Oh, got it, got it, got it. Yes. Yes. I can only speak on my behalf. No, this is good. This is good. I was gung-ho Though. You're like, I was having a great fucking time. Anyways. What is your biggest fear? I hate airplanes, but that's not a biggest fear. That's not, that's a cop out. But I guess not being able to be there for my baby, which is a new fear. But yeah. That's why I tried to slow down on drinking, to take better care of my body. I stopped drinking sodas and stuff. And I remember I went to the doctor and they said, Hey man, your liver sucks.


And I was like, all right, so how do we fix it? And so we're fixing it. So You're working on it? Yes ma'am. So What's The most awkward interaction you've had with another celebrity? I don't necessarily remember, but I remember there's, there's one gentleman I know who, who, who doesn't drink. And, and I, I saw him after a couple years and I was roasted and I was like, Hey man, what are you drinking? He's like, I don't drink. And I'm like, oh fuck dude, I'm so sorry. That's like, that's a, that's a bad feeling for you. And I was like, oh, I'm so sorry man. And I get it, I get it. You're like, why did I just say that?


But like, I'm sure they get that all the time, so that's okay. But I get what you're, it's in a moment you're like, fuck me. Yes. Yeah. Why did I have to say it? No, I'll be like, I'm such a dick. I, I, yeah. That's like, then that shit keeps you up. Yes. You're like, oh man, I got what I do that, I'm so sorry, dude. You're a nice guy though. You like, care what? You can affect people. I, I, everyone can. That's a you, that's why you just be nice. Yeah. Don't be a Dickhead. Just be nice. Don't be a dickhead. Yes ma'am. Let's put that on a T-shirt. Yes. I'm okay. You're forced to dress up. Okay. And role play. Okay. In the bedroom. Okay. What are you dressing up as? Well? I guess Frodo. Now we have to go on like theme here. You gotta keep it consistent. It has to be. Well what would that look either Frodo or Saron.


Oh, that'd be so badass. I'll put on stilts and be like 10 feet tall. Like Saron. Do you think that would get your woman turned on? No ma'am. Not even in the, there is no life in the void. And then she's like, what the fuck are you doing? You know, Like, it couldn't be more driving. You're literally disgusting me right now. What is happening? You're freaking me out. You're on stilts post coming in. And then she'll show me so's eye. That's a coochie. That's like the nickname bear for the Coochie. Got it. And she just spread herself and be like, I guess is a girl play. She's Aron. She's says fucking, But then even, but then we don't even have sex.


I just like practice my, my mace moves. Chuck, watch this. I I, I'm kind of picturing this is good too. 'cause it's giving like a full idea of like what your sex is. Like, do you know what I mean? Like, people are gonna be, Ooh, this is good. Like he's on stilts, like Sure. The whole thing. It's, it's good. This is sexy. This is Sexy. Or Captain Price from Call of Duty. Wow. You're, this is very specific. You learn something new every day post. Yes ma'am. This is really good. When's the last time you cried? That's been a long time. That's a lie. That's been a long time. Someone Told me, you said you were crying yesterday. I didn't Cry yesterday. Did you cry on stage? No one saw me yesterday. Someone saw me. I almost cry on stage. I almost cry on stage, but I don't cry.


Almost. That's sweat, dude. It's fucking hot. It's hot up there. I'm sweating a lot. I hadn't cried like fucking it's fucking years. Well, if you were to cry recently, what would you be crying over? I actually, I I I find it harder now. You kind of get, I don't know, you do it for so long and you kinda lose, like, it's sad, but you kind of like super calloused to shit. Yeah. Yeah. I used to cry when people would make fun of me and shit. And now I'm just like, Hey man, well you don't, you haven't met me. I think you might like me if we got to hang out, you know?


But it doesn't hurt my feelings anymore. Yeah. But I, I did cry the other like, last tour. Okay. 'cause my baby started blowing kisses and it's really cute. So they're happy Tears pose. Yeah. Happy tears. That's great. Good tears. That's great. W well, th this is a quick little transition. We were talking about your baby blowing kisses. Just pretend that didn't happen for a second. What's your go to porn search words? Frodo. Fes. No. Fuck you. Legless wig saw on May Skills Captain Price in the Prone Cruise missile five kill streak.


These are all, I usually put 'em all in one and you'd be the surprise that some of the crazy shit comes outta that. Wow. No, I don't know. I mean, I kind of just go to like a daily selection. The Daily trending. Yeah. Well, yeah. You know, 'cause they, they spend a lot of time on the algorithm I think. Yeah. And I think, you know, like a lot of people are on these sites, so I mean, something must be right there. So Yeah, there's no shame. Check it out. Totally. And you get like 10 pages on there so you can be like, huh, well go to page five today. Or you roll a dice, right? You roll a D 12 or a D 20 and see if you see what page you should go to. I'm picturing you on porn.


Have like, hmm, like what's today's selection? This is interesting. You're kind of like down Crack some wine. I'm gonna make a nice bottle and just candles and put Lord of the Rings. It usually takes me like 12 hours. My whole like cranks. Oh, so I can watch all the Lord of the Rings in that time period. Yeah. And is that how long you would last during sex? No. How drunk am I? What if You're sober? Oh, like 30 seconds. Okay. What if you've had, what if you had, what if you've had seven beers? Bump that up to a cool minute. 30. Okay. And what if we're working at like a 20 beer Crazy night?


Yeah. I, I'll go. That's when the machine turns on. That's when it's all finally it's all finally lubricated and you just keep going. I'd be like, how? I'd be like, oh no, let's go. You're in your prime. You like, Go to call the doctor. What's your favorite sex position? Missionary.


Of course You make countless decisions every day. But one of the easiest and most important decisions you can make is securing your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe Daddy Gang. Millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greeter peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out in the morning or locking up each night. Traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. But simply safe's active guard outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. Thank you. AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents. Monitor your property and detect suspicious activity. If someone is lurking around or acting suspicious, these agents see them, talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. Give yourself peace of mind with SimpliSafe Daddy Gang. Please, please, please make sure you're safe in your home, in your apartment, in your condo, wherever you are. Visit simplisafe.com/daddy to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simply safe.com/daddy. There's no safe, like simply Safe


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Batiste Dry shampoo. You guys, I am always running from a meeting to a dinner to an event. And if I'm being honest, I definitely don't have time to wash my hair every day. Okay. If I'm lucky, I can maybe wash it like once a week. So I really rely on Batiste light dry shampoo to get me through. This is Batiste lightest dry shampoo. It is soft, it is subtle and it absorbs oil without weighing my hair down. Not only does my hair look clean, but it feels clean after just a few sprays. I am also super sensitive to smell and Batiste Light has no overpowering fragrance. Plus it absorbs right away without leaving that like grainy white residue behind. I brought Batiste with me to a girl's trip last weekend and I cannot tell you how many of my friends were like, Alex, can I borrow your dry shampoo again? The girls know I am always coming with multiple bottles of Batis light in my suitcase because when I'm on the go, I definitely need some help to keep my hair looking fresh. Batis light has been a complete game changer for me. So Daddy Gang, go buy Batis light dry shampoo online or in store at your nearest retailer.


Do You keep it pretty locked down with your personal life? Yes Ma'am. Which I think is great. But again, this is Call Her Daddy. So I'm gonna like ask you a couple questions. You answer how you're comfortable. Yes ma'am. You're engaged. Yes Ma'am. Or you married and you secretly haven't told anyone. I've been married. You're not married, you're engaged. How long have you been engaged? Oh, two years. Okay. Yeah, I met, I met a guy the other day and he was like, I just got married after 21 years. And I'm like, oh, sick. Please don't tell her that. No, I We got you. Yes, we got you. What would a Post Malone wedding look like? Bitching. Bitching? Yeah. Absolutely. I don't know. I'd imagine an ice luge for bruise.


That's just steady going and it just, it keeps, keeps being beer keeps being poured into it and all my buddies are like super down for the cause. So they just go and take a suckle of the teat of the nectar and keep that party going. Dance moves are gonna be hopefully popping. I don't know. I'd imagine everything rustic, modern Jorts, but like Wedding Georges, lots Of camouflage. Oh, oh Well yeah. Fuck, fuck. Rustic modern. I think we just do everything. Camouflage camo, I think.


Yeah, I think that sounds amazing. Would You wear a camo suit? Sure. Fuck yeah. Oh, okay. I actually have a camo tuxedo. And you're wearing camo crocs? Yes, Ma'am. Very trendy. It's Super trendy. Very cool. But I wear it for the utilitarian purposes. Okay, cool. How did you propose? It's in Vegas, but we got married, just a proposal. Okay. And I had lost a significant amount of money at the table and we go upstairs and I'm like off my rocker hammered and I was like, Hey, you wanna marry me? I got a ring and all this stuff. And then she said no.


She's like, ask me tomorrow. And I was like, all right. Yeah. And then I did and I was sober and it was nice. I fucking Love her for that. Yeah, she's, she's a beast. Like be fucking sober. She's A beast. Yeah. But yes, she was right. I mean, you know, I I knew, I knew you did. Yeah. I knew. I'm just a terrible arbiter of romanticism, I guess. How did you know, like what is something about her, 'cause I know you keep your relationship private, like what's something that you like knew you were in love with this person? I could tell, which is really cool. I could tell her heart is so massive and I, I've always wanted kids and like a, a, a big family and I could tell she was gonna be a really good mama and she's like, number one mom in the fucking universe.


Are any of your songs about her? They're not out yet. Is it gonna be on the new album? No, ma'am. So you've written some but no one's heard them? No one's heard. But she, because that's a, I don't know, that's a scary, I, I feel like, I don't know a lot of the songs I do, a lot of the songs I write for her, I don't even play for her because I'm terribly shy. Like about like that kind. I know it's terrible. I know If I was her I would force you to sit down and be like, play it. Oh, we do have a guitar. Would you play Die? Right. I'll play all, I'll play it. It's, it's like 25 songs, so I hope you guys are ready. Let's Go stop. Would you don't stop. You can't get us that excited. No, I, my heart got excited. Okay, so but you've written songs about her, but you just don't release them right now. Yes ma'am. Okay, so you're now a dad.


Yes ma'am. Which is so exciting. Yes ma'am. How old is your daughter now At the time of this interview? 14 months. 14, 15 months. Congratulations. Thank You Very much. What is pop a post? Like? It's Cool. Very cool, very handsome. My dad, when I was a kid, he would always play me like really heavy music and I love heavy music. The other day I put on a Godsmack song and she, and I was like, started rocking and she was like, and it was really cute. So that must have made you really happy. Yeah, that made me really happy. What do you think is your best dad skill? Having money. Yeah.


Yeah, for sure. I think as of, as of right now that this is good for the baby and good for the mom and I think that's about the only skill I have really. Sometimes I'll play, I'll play guitar with her, which is our all right skill, but they're like, put the fucking guitar away. I want, I want the new Yeah. Fisher-Price deal. You're Like, here's my Amex, God bless you All. I think the baby knows the code. That'll be our first word is my credit card number information? Yep. What's, okay now? What's the expiration? Very good. Okay. Dude. Dude, that's so good. You're ringing the dough. You know you're self-aware post. Okay.


Hey look, I, I'm, I'm the happiest I've ever been, so, you know, if I, I'm So happy for you. I'll, I'll, I'll pay all the money in the world. It's amazing. What's a lesson that your parents kind of taught you growing up that you wanna make sure that you pass on to your daughter? Well, my dad said you can't make everyone happy, which is a good, which is a good lesson. I still struggle with that 'cause I try, I try to be well and being kind is totally different than making someone happy. But you know, if there's, you ever have a problem with your, your, your parents or a friend or something, they'll understand and you understand and just kind of be patient with the situation and Yeah. And kind of hypocritical at some times.


But I guess that's, that's just be yourself and, and you, you can't make everyone happy. Yeah. What is, especially in, sorry. No, you're fine. I agree with everything you're saying and I think it's a good approach to life. What do you think is the biggest misconception about you? Small nipples. You're like, puff Daddy, I'm Puff, I'm puffy nips. You guys know my new record? No, I don't know. I don't know. Well, I guess right now I could say everybody thinks I'm on drugs. Okay. I'm not on drugs. Okay. It's good to clarify. No, maybe you don't even have to. Well, that's the, that's, you shouldn't have to, I, I, I just spoke to somebody about this and it's interesting having everybody in your life all the time and like you, I tried to maintain a private lifestyle because like, you know, especially with the baby and, and I want her to be able to decide what she wants to do.


Maybe she doesn't want to be on social media, but I see a lot of people, you know, here's my baby. Like just right outta the coochie. Here she is. Here they are. And I'm like, well, you know, how do you know the baby wanted to do that? You know, Trust me, I agree with you wholeheartedly. Yeah. Like let the kid decide. Yeah. Well that's, that's a whole deal. And so like I try to maintain that whole deal, but people can see me on stage and they take, might take my dance moves. People are like, this is, hey, this is what meth looks like. I'm like, I don't, not a meth. You're, yeah. I Think it's, unless it's in Pedialyte. Is it in pedia? Is it in macaroni and cheese?


Yeah. Because I'm definitely on meth if, if it's in macaroni and cheese. You. But does that get annoying though, that like how do you decide when you're like, fuck, should I not speak up on this? You're like, hi, I'm not on fucking drugs. Respectfully. I don't owe anybody an explanation for anything. Yeah. But I can tell that there is genuine care. Yeah. And it's not, everybody is not just the guy that's like, okay kids, this is what meth looks like. Don't be like this fucking guy. But there is people who genuinely care, you know? And I kind of wanted to put their minds at ease. Yeah. There's so much love in my fan base and it's super cool. But you always get those motherfuckers that are like, fuck this guy. You know? But It is interesting though when you say that post, because in the same interview you're saying, I've never been happier.


And people think you're Yes ma'am. On meth. Yes ma'am. So this is kind of nice. It's a kind of a fine line. Yeah. It's kind of interesting. You're like, I have never been happier. And everyone's like, but you're on meth. Yeah. You're like, you can think that I'm happy. Well, well and And they can think at the end of the day they're gonna think whatever they want. Yeah. Even after I was like, Hey guys, I'm not on drugs. People are like, that's exactly what someone on drugs would say. They're like, okay, great. Okay, whatever. I said you tried and I'm happiest I've ever been not on drugs. Like a good beer, like to smoke cigarettes, hanging out. We'd Love it. Your new album? Yes ma'am. Austin. Yes ma'am. By the time this comes out it will be out. What is the story behind the album?


The story behind the album is a couple days before tour we were like, Hey, I want to do like an acoustic project. So we went and we rented out Henson for a week and we made like eight songs in seven days and crushed half of the record there. Can I have a brewski? Yeah. Thank You. I'm so sorry. Wait. No, you're fine. Wait, you did eight songs in seven days? Yes ma'am. Is that normal? Sometimes. Sometimes it is. They're not good for The most part whenever we do that. Yes, please. Thank you Ben. Bobby, sorry. Fuck God.


Damnit Ben. Yeah, Ben. Ben is, I usually grabbing the beers, But it's Bobby, But it's Bobby in here. Hi Bobby. Hi Bobby. Hi. Hi. You wanna come in? Hi Bobby on camera time. Yeah. Bobby, I he wants camera. When was anal? Let's talk about your sandwiches. Thank you. You're like, fuck all. Thank you so much. Yeah, guys, check out Bobby's or Bob's if you're ever in, you have Jozy. Jozy. Okay. So eight songs, seven days. Yes Ma'am. And you said usually that turns out bad, but, Well, yeah, 'cause you can go and you can make like half a song and never have lyrics or anything like that on there.


But it was, it was so much fun and we had so much fun and it was originally supposed to be just me and a guitar and then we were like, oh fuck it. This song would be bitching with drums on it. And so we just kept making a whole album and we finished, the whole album was made in like musically, like recording wise, like three weeks total. So it was cool. How do you want your fans to feel about this album? I just hope they don't think it sucks. That's usually the consensus amongst the team. You're like, ah, does this suck? And I don't think it sucks, but it's really cool. I got, I, I felt a lot of space.


It was written by me and three other dudes completely. Well besides, we had some really super talented guest writers and I wouldn't even call 'em guest writers. Co-writers, yeah. But guests in the studio for, 'cause for The most part it was just us. Yeah. I always keep stuff to myself. You know That you wrote on the toilet? Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Okay. Yes Ma'am. Yeah, it's like very intimate moment for you to write it on the toilet you and yourself and then to put it out there. Well, I actually had him bring a porcelain throne into Henson to cut the vocals as well and the guitar. That makes sense. Just for perfect accuracy. I think you can hear a little bit of the shine. Yeah. A little bit of the twang and the Recording. But you wanted it to be genuine. Yes ma'am. This is like how I, this is me in my raw form of how I actually do it.


I'm actually gonna do that for the next record. You, we just did a, that Should be your album cover. Yeah. Everyone Would know am I'm from the shitter. No, everyone will know. It'll just be me on the toilet. Everybody Will be, or it's the selfie angle for your fucking Album. Exactly. It's the selfie. Everybody's like, oh this dude's definitely onm the shitter right now. What is your favorite lyric that you wrote? Oh, I call her Shrek 'cause she got a donkey. It's genius. Thank you. It's innovative. Thank you. And it's also nostalgic, It's eye-opening, it strikes all the right chords. It really, really makes you think, What is that lyric on what song? It's Called Socialite is the name. So, oh, Could you, Ima like kind of makes you think like think and then like Track Don Donkey.


What do you think is gonna be the biggest banger? Do you usually know when something is going to hit with your fans or you are always surprised which ones become the biggest? I'm, I'm always surprised. I feel like I can go off what, you know, like management and label and everybody says and stuff. Yeah. But I mean I just wanna make a song that I, I like. Yeah. And I could never, like some songs you just know and it's like, oh this is really catchy. Yeah. That usually does it. But now I'm old and I mean I made an album with me playing guitar on every song and no feature. So I don't know exactly how in touch I am.


Okay. But I think there's some great songs on there that I hope people like. What's your favorite song on the album? You know that one? Yeah, that one. You know that one? I can Already feel it. I can already hear it. I really don't. I fuck Top two. Oh come on. They're all so different. You know, whatever comes outta your mouth, everyone's gonna listen to. Well I hope anybody listens at all. That would amazing. They're gonna listen post Daddy Gang is gonna fucking listen. Thanks Daddy Gang. These people are so loyal. Daddy Gang is gonna get out there. They're gonna stream the whole thing. Thanks. But we need to hear your top two songs Then.


I'm trying to remember the track list too. I don't want to go. I'm having so much. I don't want you to go either. I'm actually getting kicked off is what's happening. No, I'm like enough shit. Talk. Get the fuck out. Get get the fuck out Proto feet. This, this is The first night you Shit your pants on Stage like it goes down tonight. I like Green Thumb a lot. I had a lot of fun playing the guitar on that. Okay. And writing the guitar for that. And enough is enough something real. I'll just let, I can list like the whole track last. Okay. But I don't know, I had so much fun working on those, those records. I'm so excited for you. You're so talented.


Thank you. It's always such a pleasure to get to sit down with someone and meet them in person because again, I see things online about you, I see your pictures and your videos and your amazing dance moves. But being in your presence, like you're such a soft sweet guy. Thank you. That is clearly so talented beyond words. Thank you. And I just can't Thank you enough for taking the time because I know you're on tour and you're so busy and this really meant a lot to me and my fans and your fans. So Thank you post. No, Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you guys for having me. Let's go play beer pong. I don't see why not. Wait, I have a, I have a gift for you. What? Okay, so I know you're really happy. Yes ma'am. But we're never perfect. Yes ma'am. So this is merch for you unwell. This is amazing.


Yeah. And it's, It's, yeah. Feel that. Yeah. Oh and it's puff print like your nipples. Oh it's a Set. It's puffing like my nippy. It hides it perfectly. Well that's actually so funny because we got a gift for you. No post. Oh my God. Look at us. This is so sweet guys. Thank you so much. You're amazing. Thank you. Thank you for coming Off. Thank You're fucking amazing. Thank you. Thank you. Oh my god. We did it. A big boy. Pull up 20 years blade like I'm little Troy now it's everybody flocking need a decoy Short.


He mix in not the with the lee do G Housewives. I got seven 20 that boy you suck shit in the back when I was feeling forgiven piss. You see me winning. See the glue in my mouth. I be grinning In my honey. The army get my bottles, bottles hit some moment when I show up. Got 'em saying Benz everywhere I go.


Catch me on the block like a Mutombo seven 50 level in the Utah snow trunk in the front. Like the shit Dumbo here cut the roof off like a nip tuck. Pull up to the house with some big busts. Turn the kitchen counter to a strip club. Me and Dre came for the, when I y'all gets up here before I drive Sunday, none of y'all really can now the hell always say congratulations to the kid and this is not a 40 button. I'm pour out this shit. You serve a lot. But I got more now. Made another hit 'cause I got but now always going for another down last call. Hell pre got touchdown honey Ben in my pocket on honey on get my bottles.


These bottles alone hit some on when I show up. Got 'em. Okay. I pulled a little bit away. I thought you were way better. I really promise. I love you. I'm won games. I've like, I've been like I was Stage. I stage right. I would be too. And I was. You're doing in front of both. Who's so like Partner?


I come back down, it doesn't the same Now I'm sitting Around Waiting for all day because I couldn't rules.


I ain't trying. It is too late to say face. I can't get It's no rules.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast. To start your free trial today,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Sofi, the next gen finance app. Daddy Gang. Managing your finances is so important and Sofi can help. Sofi just launched Sofi Plus America's most rewarding financial membership all in one app. With Sofi Plus, you can unlock $1,000 plus in value across banking, investing, spending, and more available for $10 a month or at no cost with direct deposit. Power Up your money with Sofi Plus at Sofi dot com slash Call Her Daddy.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone who handles your personal information is as careful as you are, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors, millions of data points a second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/daddy terms apply.


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. 20 more minutes to kill in the pharmacy before my prescription is ready. Maybe I'll grab some deeply discounted out of season Halloween candy. Hmm. I never had a chocolate pumpkin with raisins before. Those were raisins, right? Next time, use Amazon Pharmacy. We deliver. And no, those were not raisins. Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.