
This episode of Call Her Daddy is presented by Azo. Caring for your intimate health issues is completely normal and should be treated as such, the Azo brand has a range of products designed to help balance your vaginal pH and protect your vaginal health. Visit azo products.com and save 20% with the code podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


This episode is brought to you by Tylenol. Why am I excited to be partnering with Tylenol? You may ask because I know and they know that greatness hurts. When I was playing soccer in college, I had muscle cramps or I pulled one of my hamstrings to be great. You have to push yourself to limits that sometimes can hurt. Greatness hurts. So Tylenol will be there with care to help you keep chasing it. Tylenol provides pain relief for the champion in all of us. It's the number one doctor recommended brand of pain relief and fever reduction. That's Tylenol. That's Care Without limits. Visit tylenol.com/greatness-hertz to learn more. Use as directed.


This episode is brought to you by Botox cosmetic on a Baum toxin. A did you know Botox cosmetic has been FDA approved for 20 years. But here's the cherry on top. Botox cosmetic has an official loyalty program called Alle that is spelled A LLE. It's totally free to join and it's accepted at over 24,000 practices across the country. With alle, you can earn points for Botox cosmetic treatments and get access to exclusive offers. There's even one going on right now to see if you're eligible for the offer and savings on your next Botox cosmetic treatment. You can visit botox cosmetic.com/chd. Talk to your specialist to see if Botox cosmetic is right for you. For prescribing information and box warning, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0 intended for us audiences only.


All right, this is Call Her Daddy with Oh with me. Re. Hi and go. I almost like crush my finger in that. I just wanna let you know no one's ever done that. Oh really? I always, when I see these, I always just want to, Just a little clap. Clap a camera. B camera. Main camera rolling. Yeah. This episode is directed by Rebel Wilson and produced by Written by Star. What is up. Daddy Gang. it is your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Rebel Wilson. Welcome to Call Her Daddy.


Hi Alex. Hi. It's great to be Here. I'm so happy to have you here. I'm obsessed with your outfit. Oh, thanks. Well, it's actually my girlfriend designed it. It's so good. It's so cozy And it is just so cozy. They're the best to like lounge in and that's what we are doing now. So guys, the one day that I'm not wearing a fucking hoodie and sweatpants, 'cause I wanted to look professional for Rebel and she shows up in my exact uniform that I'm usually in. I love it. You are one of the funniest actresses of our time. I'm obsessed with you. You're so talented. Thank This is great for my self-esteem already. You're also a new mom? Yes. To Baby Royce. Yes. Yeah, the name is amazing. How did you pick this name? I wanted something that started with R and then, and I wanted something that I did didn't think anybody else had.


And then I came up with Royce, I don't know, maybe I saw a Rolls Royce or something. There's some store here in West Hollywood called something like Royce Interiors or something as well. and I saw it a few times and I was like, yeah, Royce, like Royce, that could be cool. I don't know of anybody else who's called their baby that. And so I was like, we have like quite unique names in my family. Like my niece is called Sovereign. And so I was just like, oh yeah, Royce sounds like good. And then I told my family and they're like, no, that's a shit name. Oh. Like, and my mom sends me like a list of 50 other names starting with R like Raven or thing other thing. And I'm like, no. For some reason I just like Royce. So that's gonna be Name.


I love Roy name, but we call her little Roy, which is cute. And She's, are you gonna get her Rolls Royce? Oh, maybe. Maybe. Oh my God. Can you imagine? That would be amazing. Your birth name is actually Melanie. Yes. So at school, like primary school and high school people knew me as Mel. Really? Yeah. Wait, and so when and why did you decide to start going by Rebel? So Rebel was always my name. I was named after a little girl called Rebel who sang at my parents' wedding. she was like a little 6-year-old little Angel. Oh. And my, my mom loved her and because my mom was a school teacher, so she was in my mom's class. And so I was named after her. And then my father said, there's no way we're putting that on the birth certificate because I'm gonna go to a Christian school.


So they're like, they won't accept her if her name's Rebel on the birth certificate and whatever. So I grew up like knowing my name was Rebel, but on my birth certificate was Melanie Elizabeth. But as soon as I was an adult, I was like, well now I'm totally going by rubble. Like, and it kind of worked out. Like it obviously wasn't that I wanted a stage name or anything, but it was like, oh, that's my name and that's what I, what I'll start using as an, as an adult. And it just, I don't know. Yeah. But it's weird. Some PE only people that have known me since childhood would call me Mel sometimes. And it freaks me out now. But it is kind of cool. You have like an alter ego? Yeah, kind of like a Sasha Fierce situation, but like, but I don't know.


But it's, it's not like my personality change or anything. Okay. It was just that I officially changed all the documents over Love over to Rebel and then it kind of worked out. 'cause I was only a law student at that time. So it worked out that I became an actress and have a cool name. So you grew up in Sydney, Australia. What was your social life in high school like? Okay, so I started high school.


We start in like when you're like 12 years old, our high school, it's a little bit different. We don't have middle school like here in America. And for some reason I was in the cool group. So I get, I start my new high school and I get in the cool group and I was like, oh my God, oh my God. Like how did I even do this? And then like the girls say, we're gonna go smoke behind the gym, so are you coming or what? And I'm like, oh, I don't smoke. 'cause like I didn't know what else to say. I didn't smoke. And so they kicked me out of the group. And then all the other little groups, I went to an all girls school and all the other groups had formed. So And, like literally, like they'll sit in a little circle in a quadrangle and you know, a bit like Gossip Girl, whatever.


And, and, but all the other groups, there was no room in the circles. They'd already made their own little circles. So everyone had a group except for me. And so I had to, my first year of high school, every day I went to the library, had my lunch just by myself because I, all the other groups had formed and I had no group now and I mean, but for three days I was living it up in the cool group being like, oh, they're like, how did she get in the cool group? Whatever. and I was just like, what a, you know? And then, but then I get kicked out and had zero friends for the whole year. And then luckily the next year of high school, these other girls go, oh, meet us at the language labs, but at lunch. And I'm like, what are they gonna try to beat me up or something?


I was like so scared. And then I come and then they had all these candies and stuff and they're like, surprise. And it was my birthday. And I was like, how the hell they know that? And then they thrown me a surprise birthday party lunch as a way to say, we would like you in our group. And then that's how I got my first group of friends at high school. What the group thing was like the cliques, like in mean girls and stuff. Like it was very much thing also That'ss. So much like a movie. The fact that you were like, because I didn't smoke. Yes. I was out in three Days. I was out And like ostracized And, like had no friends. And yeah, it was terrible. But I, but then in high school, like then I slowly started coming outta my shell more, I was pretty shy.


Started high school and then started coming outta my shell and forcing myself to do stuff like public speaking and debating and, and then I became weirdly The most popular girl at the school. So I was, I went from, I know what it's like to be so unpopular that you literally have no friends and just Right. Are like so depressed. And to being like The most popular. And my 16th, my sweet 16th birthday party had a busload of gate crashes from a whole other school that like, just heard the party was gonna be super cool. And like, come, it was like the police had to come like four times. It was like one of those parties you see in movies. Yes, yes, yes. This like turns into a total nightmare. Like for me it was 'cause I thought the house was gonna get burnt down or some shit.


And then, but my 16th was just like The most popular thing. So I know what it's like to have on both sides of the fence of popularity In high school. I can heavily relate to that because like when my freshman year I had like cystic acne to the point where I was like, you did, but Your skin's. So, oh my God so perfect now. oh my God. Oh, well thank you. And that the only reason I ever accepted a compliment for my skin is 'cause I was like, I've been through like four fucking rounds of Accutane. But I remember the first year I was like, I am like going through it. I don't even wanna be friends with myself because of how bad I look like, holy fuck. And then by junior year, I was like, I am like thriving, miss popular. Like, so I felt the difference between lifestyles.


Yeah. and I know what it's like. I really know what it's like to have zero friends, and then I know what it's like to be The most popular. And you have different problems depending on what's like, but I had like this snaggle tooth and then I had this chain. My mom was like, I had a tooth up in the roof of my mouth. Like, oh, that was probably a great visual. And then anyway, my mom decides she's gonna get in hospital and they're gonna put a chain up on the tooth to drag the chain to the tooth slowly to position. So I'm like, got this chain inside my mouth. I'm like the dorkiest girl at the start of high school. I know what they could have just removed the tooth.


You had a little chain? Yeah. And a little chain or just slowly drag it down and pull on my face teeth. Why Do I like Now that's trendy. That's the teeth. Yeah. Oh, it looks great. Yeah. I mean, I have teeth. Yeah, you got phenomenal teeth. Yeah. Oh, you're like, yeah, I know. Now, now I feel like that would be like a TikTok trend where like kids have like chain on their fucking teeth. Back In the day You were like getting bullied for it. Yeah. But it was like, oh, it was painful. Like imagine a tooth being dragged all The way. I can't Slowly over 18 month period. And then, you know. But How was your dating life in high school? Okay, so I had one high school boyfriend. Oh God, I, I hope people don't listen to this in Australia. I had one little high school boyfriend called Peter. Hi Peter, if you're listening.


And he went to the boys school next door. And so how we met the boys was that we did theater productions and that was our only interaction with the boys. So I was like, hell yeah, I'm going, I'm going to audition and gonna be in the shows. And he was the stage manager at the, at the boys school. And then, so he was my little first little boyfriend. And then what happened is I went on a family holiday to Disneyland and then he kissed one of my friends at a party. So I was like, Peter, god damn it, are you, it's over with. Although I feel like I dumped him, but I looked back at my diaries recently and apparently he kind of just said he wanted to be friends with me and showed me that by kissing one of my other friends.


But it was such a big deal at the time because by that point I was very popular. And so all the girls had to come to me on the first day of school when I got back from school holidays and say, oh, Peter Kiss Leanna. and I was just like, oh, that's it. Then he's dumped And. like, I tried to be tough, but I was like really upset by it. And then I, I think I wrote him a handwritten letter classic and just to, yeah, because this was before cell phones or anything Of course. And then, and then it was just over with. And then I was like, that's it, boys are trouble. Like, I'm never gonna like do it again. I'm, I'm just gonna have a career. and I, I knew, I always knew, like I wanted to have a great career and I wanted to live overseas and do all this stuff with my life.


And I was like, yeah, boys are a distraction. Like, fuck them and I'm not be, yeah. And 'cause I, yeah, it wasn't a great first experience, but weirdly, like I never was upset with my friend that had kissed him. Oh, that was your direct friend? Yeah, she was in my group. What did she have to say for herself? Well, she was very apologetic. Said it just happened. But because she told me the full story and he didn't, I was like, I was always supportive of her and she was, she was a good friend. I don't know how, yeah, I should have maybe been a little bit angry With her, but it was all beautiful. Yeah. I Still, I still saw, I actually weirdly just got her tickets to Disneyland when she came. What? With her husband? Yeah. Just recently. So, yeah. Wait, That's amazing.


You're so close. No, she was, she was a great girl. I don't know how I blame him. I, I Blame him too. Fuck you Peter. Yeah. Fuck you. Yeah. Do You have to I'm over it though. Yeah, we're done. Yeah, like, it's totally fine. Like we weren't just reading the diary entries like two days ago. Yeah. We're over it. Did you have any childhood or teenage experiences that heavily impacted the way that you feel around the idea of like, falling in love? Oh God. Probably the biggest ones was, well my parents got separated when I was 16 and, and that was like awful. Like, just awful. Just like parents fighting, going, you know, having to lose the house and move out.


And my mom was a single mom with four kids. And so at that point, so I was like my idea of marriage, it's like, not like I never saw any good marriages or happy people in relationships. So I think, and then my mum was like, yeah, go out into the world and have a career. So like, don't, don't be like me. She had me at 24 and she was like, just get out there. So I basically put like blinders, like horse blinders on myself and was like, okay, I'm gonna go to college, I'm gonna have a career. I'm gonna make a name for myself, I'm gonna make money. And, and I was like, no love, no relationships.


'cause it'll only bring me pain. and I know now that that's not true. But as a teenager witnessing like, what happened to my parents, I was like, oh, I don't want that. So you feel like you kind of stayed to yourself for quite some time? Yeah. And you didn't have any urge to date? No. So what happened is, in my twenties, I never dated anybody. Not one single person, not like people were lining up Trust me. Like they weren't, they weren't like, I was, I don't know, still a bit feral. They, so I literally went on not one date, it was only really when I became a successful Hollywood actress that I started, started kind of softening and yeah.


But before that I was, it was kind of like, I guess like Olympic athletes, how they have this focus because to make it in the entertainment industry is really hard, especially when you're like, no one from Australia and you come over here. And so I just had to have like these blinders on and was like, I thought that if I was in a relationship or something, it just wouldn't help me as a person to have a career. Now, looking back in hindsight, would you, what advice would you give yourself in your twenties? Well, The weird thing is it worked, like, but I was very lonely. And again, I look at my diaries and she, I'm like, oh yeah, so funny. I could have love like, like just like, oh, all these sad things I write in my bloody diary.


I, I found them the other day. That's why I was like, looking at them and I was like, holy shit. Like I was such a loser. But it's just like, but then the thing is it worked like, I mean, I had to be very focused on my career to make it the odds of making it at so small and, and, and it, and it really did work. And maybe if I'd found the love of my life at 25, maybe I wouldn't have ever come to Hollywood and I would never have, have made it in that, that big a way. So it kind of worked. But I sacrificed and I didn't have really any social life or, or love life Back then. What insecurities did you have within yourself if you were going to try to date? I'm like someone who's so like a body positive person, but I think at the same time you can be so confident, but you can also have like, I don't know, like not confidence.


That's a terrible way of explaining it. But, so like, I had a thing called PCOS. So when I was in college, I rapidly gained like how many kilos? Like almost 50 kilo, like so say a hundred pounds. and I rapidly gained it. And then I was playing kind of like the fat funny friend as an actress. I was like never the love interest or never like, and, and so I just kind of thought in my real life that I was a great friend to people And. like if I'd meet guys or whatever, I'd be like, you know, And. like they'd think I was hilarious, And like, wanna hang out as a friend. But I, I did always, I think that, oh well they'd never romantically like me because I was so overweight, which is totally the wrong way to think about it.


I just wasn't loving myself. But I think it's hard to explain sometimes because I can be so body positive and confident in some ways. But the one way where I wasn't was in my love life. I just, I don't know, I was just like, people say there's a thing called Chubby Chasers or whatever, And, like, I never experienced anything like that. Being a bigger girl, I only experienced where people were like, oh, you know, oh, they just wanna be my friend and got it after, you know, I, or I'd think I'd going on a date and then it was like, oh no, I just wanted to hang out 'cause you were fun and cool. But yeah, When I think about like Pitch Perfect in the movie, you, your character calls herself Fat Amy.


Yeah. And you're like, I'm gonna reclaim this name. Like if I say it no one else can. Did someone write that for you or did you come Up with it? Yeah, so, well weirdly, I'd played a character called Fat Mandy in Australia on a sketch show where that character goes to Fat Camp essentially. And he is like, oh, I thought this was about celebrating fatness. I didn't know this camp was to lose weight. Like, how shit is that? And so it was a real like, body positive thing. And then I got sent in the script by Kay Cannon got back in the day over Facebook and, and she sends me this script and goes, I hope You don not offended, but the character's called Fat Amy. and I and I looked at the script and I'm like, oh, what's she talking about? and I read it and I was like, no, fat Amy I think is like the best character in the whole movie.


Like, of course I'd love to play it. And, and so, and it really didn't offend, I guess. No, it's not, yeah, it was like, to me that was kind of distinctive about the character and I love playing her like so much And. like we, well we had the best fun on Pitch Perfect movies. And to me, like it was just awesome to play her 'cause she's just so confident and, and ballsy and, and I have like, part of it is me, like a lot of the pitch perfect's not really acting, it's just kind of just like us hanging out. But like, but then there was another part of me who wasn't confident and definitely wasn't confident around guys and was like, oh God.


Did You struggle with then your career of people like wanting to be like, you're this character and you're like, Hey, like I wanna also work on myself or what, like, whatever it was. Yeah, It kind of, I mean, I did wait until Pitch Perfect. Seemed like it was over. I couldn't you, I couldn't lose a massive amount of weight 'cause I was in the contracts for that movie. You can't lose, I think it's more than not more than 10 pounds or that's a real thing or gain more than 10 pounds. Yeah. You have to kind of stay at the weights, like in your contract. And, but I'd been thinking for a while, like, oh, I wanted to get healthier and I was stereotyped in playing that fat funny friend, which is so hard because I love those roles.


Like, I mean, I love doing the roles, I love those characters, but then I did want to do more things, but I, I felt like, yeah, being the bigger girl, you're just more, more pigeonholed. And then as I was approaching 40, I was like, and I was like, oh, well, and really it came down to it like a fertility thing. I went to see a fertility doctor and he was like, well, you know, you'd have a much better chance with fertility if you were healthier. Mm. and I was like, oh God, what's he talking about? 'cause like my life was like a Lizzo song where I'm like, you know, bad bitch a clock, you know, all that stuff. Like, that was my life. And then I've got this stranger saying, yeah, but you're not healthy.


Look at you. And, and then it really hit me hard because I was living a fantastic bigger life and then didn't have any serious diseases or anything. And I was like, oh shit. And then that made me kind of reexamine I was like, well, yeah, if I think about it, I mean doing things that aren't healthy. And because I, you know, I didn't have a great love life, so I was normally like at home at nights, you know, just eating ice cream and eating chocolate or whatever and which was comforting at the time, but it wasn't like a great move overall. And so I was like slowly as I was turning 40 then became, became healthier.


So when was your first like, real adult relationship and how did you find yourself like, meeting this person and what was the vibe? I think I am a, I'm a pretty late bloomer when it comes to love life. And, and that's why like, I try to tell young women out there like, don't stress about it because you can be fine and have great sex and everything. Like, it just might come later and that's, that's all right. Like, you don't need to be stressed out about it. But yeah. But I think my first real relationship was 35, which is really quite late. I mean, not in New York standards where the average age of marriage is like 40. But, but yeah. But I was, I was 35 and basically one of my other Bellas Hannah Melee had set me up with this guy Pitch Perfect.


Two had just come out and I was just like, and he was just so confident and, and lovely. And, and that was my first like serious relationship where like, you know, he met my family and, and all that stuff. And it looked very serious at the time. And then, yeah. So it was, yeah, but that's late. I know. Yeah. A lot of people would be, would say Like don don't know. 17, 18. If you're stressed listening to this being like, I haven't found the person for me. Like, you're a testament to like, don't stress out. Yeah. If you're like early twenties, I think you should just be like working on your skills. Yes. Like working on your business and just like, not even worrying about it really, because it, it will come.


I did read that you decided to say yes to every single date that you were asked on for a Year. Yeah. So basically because I knew, like, I was not very experienced in date. I didn't date at all in my twenties. So I think it was 2019 and I called it the year of love. And I was like, that's it, I'm gonna get on a dating app. I'm gonna, like, anyone who asks me out, I'm gonna like, have to say yes. Doesn't matter who they are. Nobody, it's not like I advertise this so the people in prisons would be like writing to me, but it, I, I just, I told my friends and then I was like, okay, is whoever and Carly, like, we went to Aspen to kickstart it, right?


So the first day, January 1st, four dates, like back to back and we were like, the concierge is probably like, what the hell is going on in that hotel room in Aspen? There's four dudes she's with. And I was like, that's how I roll. So we started off Strong and I and I actually went on about, probably dated about 50 people that in that one year, because I felt like I needed, and it, and it was true intentions. Like I wanted to find love. It's not like I was trying to use people or anything. I was trying to find love and I. I, I was trying to make up for lost time and, and just go out on these dates. So I got very good at going, going on dates. And you have some funny stories, like people like, because sometimes on the dating apps, you never know with people, but you've gotta give it a go and, and try.


Totally, Totally, totally. Yeah. Wait, okay. That is fucking iconic because what is that Jim Carrey movie where he literally just said, it's like, yes man. He says Yes, toing. That's, I'm picturing you being like so exhausted. Someone asks you on a date, you're like, yes. Oh, here we go again. Yes, here we Go. Okay. What time, what restaurant? Okay. I mean, because it's so, it's so much effort dating it's Exhaust. So exhaust, you gotta get a blowout. Like it's a lot. And you know, and then, because sometimes, you know, you go on the date and then you can tell within the first minute, like, this is not a thing's not, but I'm such a polite person, I'm gonna sit through the whole dinner for like two hours and be like, yeah, yeah. Oh, tell me more about your cat. Or something like, and I just like, because you're polite and they've put in the effort to come and you're like, and then you just go home sad.


'cause you Right, it makes, sometimes it makes feel worse, right? You're like, oh my God, I feel I've never felt more alone because I feel so disconnected from that man and his cat. Yeah. Like, It just can't be me. I'm just rather be alone. I'm assuming there were some wild ones. Well, Okay, there was one guy apparently worked for some space program or something because he, he'll know who he is and he was like, brought a rose and said, would you mind like putting this rose in your mouth? Like, And like, and I'll dip you and would take a photo. I was like, oh, what? Yeah, sure. Like, and then like never heard from him again. And I was like, did he just go on the date?


'cause he wanted to take a photo of dipping me kind of with a rose in my mouth. It was so weird. Did the photo ever resurface? I know, I don't, yeah, I don't know what he did with the photo. I think I know what he did with the photo Bel. Really? I little Every night, I don't know. He's come And then he never contacted me ever again and I thought we had a nice lunch. It's like a weird fetish. Yeah. But weirdly like, okay, you've gotta be safe when you are meeting randoms from the internet. So I would always, so I was lucky I was never in a sketchy situation because I like always met it And. like, I would never go around to somebody's house or whatever. Like, no way. Yeah, totally.


But I was trying to think what el well one where like you think the guy's normal height and then I met him and he was quite small and it just would've looked weird. Like it would've, you know, it wasn't for you. Yeah, it wasn't, it wasn't for me. That's good. And so I was just like, ah-huh. But I, I tried for the two hours to Yeah. Have a nice conversation with him and then yeah. But I just, you know, and then you just feel like you've wasted a whole night, a whole Saturday night and you're like, oh gosh. That's what I feel like most people when they're on the apps and when they're trying to get out into the dating world, it's like, how did you keep the mentality of like, to go onto the another One?


Well, I just felt like this is one year. Yep. You know, and I've gotta put in the effort and you just, it's like a numbers game at times. And you gotta get put yourself out there and get used to putting yourself out there. And even though it's hard, like it's annoyingly hard, I was like, oh God, it is much easier to stay at home on the couch and so much easier eat takeaway. But I was like, nah, okay, I am doing it for this year and I'm focused on it. and I did meet some awesome people. Do you remember what like the best date was where you were like, okay, that was like fucking normal. Like, thank God. I'm trying to think. There were, there's this lovely guy called Chris who, who I dated from Raya, the dating app.


And he was in the music industry, but was just like a really nice guy, loving guy. And, and, and then just how he kissed me after the first date and I and I was just like, oh, like, it was so nice. It was rushing. Yeah. It was so nice. And he was just a gentleman, And like, yeah. And so that and I then I did end up dating him for a few months. Yeah. Do you know what's funny though? I remember going on a series of dates and always wondering though, like, do I really like him or did he just come right after a really bad one? Yeah. And so now I'm like, oh, he's doing bare minimum. He like opened the door And like, I'm like, this is, this is right.


This is a good vibe. Well, from all that experience, you kind of learned what you like and what you don't like. And that was something I didn't have from going to an all girls school and then not dating. What did you learn that you liked? So, I mean, well like that thing about the bare minimum, I've seen a lot of girls put up with the bare minimum and, and settle for dudes that are not like, quite giving them a lot. Like it's not a fair deal, you know, in a way. And so then there was this one guy, and then, I don't know, I took him to like a La Rams game, And, like some nice dates. oh, my God. And then, but then I was noticed he's not setting up any of the dates. It's like me inviting him to stuff all the time.


And I was like, you know what? I don't like that he's not putting in the effort. That's it. And then I dumped him and then he was quite shocked, quite a good looking guy. And then I was like, well, you didn't put in the effort and if you're not and and I, but I would never have known that Had you not Yeah. Yeah. Had I not gone on all these dates and seen how, you know Yeah. People treat you and seen what I liked and didn't like. When you look back, what do you feel like you like really learned about yourself throughout that time? Even though it was, I called it year of love and it was really about me finding like my self worth through it. Even though I thought it was about finding a husband at that time, I was like, oh, okay, this is what it, it's about.


It wasn't really about that. It was really about self-worth and knowing that I was lovable and, and finding that out and I know I was like a big successful movie star, but you still struggle with like, oh, well maybe I just meant to be people's friends all my life. Or, you know, not never supposed to find that one Yeah. Person and that connection. That's amazing. Did you ever struggle with that, of wondering if the person was like in it for the wrong reasons of like, they're with me because I'm famous or I'm funny? Yeah. Once I became like pretty internationally famous from Pitch Perfect. Really? Yeah. When I was 32, like I did then start to you do for a hot second go, but then I had the opposite of a guy who came to a premiere and had a panic attack because of the, the kind of attention.


and I had the opposite. So where the fame was a hindrance to him wanting to date me, so oh, my God. But the majority of the time you find dudes would kind of like it, right? The guy with The panic attack, you're like, wait, I love you, let's keep you around. Yeah. Oh, I was, I I wanted to date him more after that. You're like, That is the sexiest panic attack I've ever seen on someone. Oh, he was so cute. But it wasn't meant to be. What is the hardest breakup that you've ever been through and how did you come out of it? Do you know what's weird? I am, I'm the one that breaks up with people. I've not been broken up.


Oh no, I've not been like, apart from that high school thing, which was a bit gray area, Peter. Yeah. Apart from that, oh wait, no, there was one person, there was one person who said they didn't wanna a relationship with me, and they were like, crush me because we would like texting and messaging for ages for like months and months. And then they go, no, they have to focus on their work and not on me and can't have a relationship. And yes, that time I can't believe I forgot about that. Were Completely blindsided. Yeah. Because you know, if you're messaging someone every day, like multiple times a day and stuff, you, you think there's something there.


Oh yeah. But then when we're in the same city and then they're like, nah. And then I was thinking, well why are they messaging me all the time? Yeah, yeah. No, that, that one actually, but that wasn't a, I wasn't in a relationship, it was just communicating with Texting relationships. Yeah. It can Be completely addicting where it's like your safe space And, like, but it's also really detrimental sometimes because it's not real. You can have a complete separate life and no one know who you're texting. Yeah. And so, Yeah, and it was like this thing I had in my mind and I was like thinking, oh yeah, well, when we do get together then it's gonna be this whole thing because we know each other so well from the texting and you know, a voice messaging and everything.


I love a good voice message. Love, love a voice message. I do like five minutes Liqui on the phone all the time to, you know, and so it's just like, I, I felt like there was something that when I asked my friend Matthew, he goes, oh, you know, you were thinking of the Castle when you hadn't even bought the land yet. And, and I was like, Matthew I was like, yeah, you're right, you're right. I was thinking ahead, thinking this was gonna be something and then yeah. And then I was, I was let down, but that was that hurt that really, and as a person in the public eyes, I'm not gonna say who it was, but like I was like, yeah. So I was just like, oh. But you know, I was investing a lot texting every day.


But, and correct me if I'm wrong, you probably never did that type of situation again, right? Where you was all texting? Yes. Well now I'd never, some people call it emotional masturbating or something where you, like you, if you meet somebody and then you're like, oh, my God, okay, our kids would look like this and we could live here and I could, yeah, I'd give up parts of my career to, for them And. like, you, you think you've pictured this whole future and you're not even dating and you haven't even Yeah. Like you haven't even had a relationship yet. Emotional master. Yeah, I've heard it's called, oh, I'm Going to use that. All the I was like, I was like, oh yeah, it's gonna be great. I is gonna have this life with this person. And. like, and He's literal like, rebel. We haven't even like had sex. Like, yeah, yeah, I don't even see you.


I won't take you out in public. The fuck. Wow. Okay. So Daddy Gang listening. Remember, if you are like in the world of texting, Don't you have to meet the person? And that's why when I met my current girlfriend, Ramona, we, it started with texting and talking for two weeks before we met in person. But I was like, fuck this, I'm getting on a plane. I'm going to meet her because I'm not gonna get into another situation of, you know, texting for six months. Yeah. Let's talk about your relationship. Yeah, because that was my next question. Like, so you, how did you meet A mutual friend called Hugh set us up, who'd known me for like eight years and her for like five years. Yeah. Yeah. But we'd never met weirdly. And, and he was just like, I, I was having all these problems with guys and he was like, maybe you should just date Ramona and I and I was like, oh, who's this Ramona?


And then he like introduced us, but we had this like immediate connection on like the voice texts. Like I heard her voice and I was like, oh yeah, that's sexy. But then I was like, okay, I'm not gonna make the same mistake. I'm gonna go and meet her. and I flew from Australia just to meet her And to confirm, was this your first relationship with a woman to confirm? Was this your first relationship with a woman? Yes. Yeah. So Were you surprised that you were like, falling for a woman?


Well, there were signs when I look back at back at things, there was definitely signs. I, I thought I was straight ish. Like I didn't think I was a hundred percent straight, but I didn't know how to label that. And, and especially on the dating apps and stuff like, where they're like, oh, you have to tick what you are or something. and I didn't like that. Right. So, so like, there were definitely signs and I'd kissed a woman in a film, a lovely French actress, actress, Charlotte Esberg, who's so classy and French, I'd kissed her about six months earlier. And that was, I see it that there's like an opening of, we had a few friends who have kissed women in TV shows or movies and then kind of And like went into a same sex relationship because I'm interested No, like after that film moment where you were like, yeah, huh, you just didn't do anything about it.


It just was like, oh, it wasn't such a big deal. I was like, ah, oh, I just kissed a woman and it's not even that big of a deal. Right. Whereas I guess when I grew up in a very Christian environment, it would've been a huge deal in the high school to say you were also attracted to women or Totally, yeah. So it was just a part of my personality. I never quite explored. Yeah. And then, yeah, and then it kind of, I think having a few little things happen and then meeting Ramona, I was just open to it. Yeah. I was still a bit scared, like, because it was different of course to dating guys and, and, but then it was just like, oh, she was just so awesome and, and we just had such a good deep connection, like right from the get go.


And so I was like, ah, see, It all pays off. And then, and then it felt all, yeah, it felt right. So how did you navigate, because you're such a public figure, like how did you navigate coming out publicly? Well, like, it wasn't something we hid. Like I remember we went to the Vanity Fair Oscar's party and stuff together and, and it was like, it wasn't a big deal. I didn't think like in this day and age you have to like, come out or anything. I didn't really, you shouldn't have to. No. And so I, so it was not, we weren't hiding it. We were just slowly telling people and our families and, and stuff. And, and I wanted to make sure it was a really real thing before I told certain people. And then, so yeah.


But then this journalist threatened to out us in Australia and so I had to do an Instagram post to make it, 'cause I didn't want him to, it's not his story to tell it, it's mine. And so I was like, well screw you. I'm just gonna put it on the internet then, which was probably, I was probably close to doing it anyway. Yeah. But it just kind of sped it up. and I remember my mom had to go around to my grandparents' house in the middle of the night to tell them so that they didn't find out on Instagram because they would've felt out of the loop. and I got two grandparents in their nineties. And so that was pretty funny in hindsight, like grandma And grandpa promised you're in the loop, But the Psycho reporter over here is about to drop a bombshell. So let me tell you First.


Yeah. So let me tell you, I'm dating a woman and her name's Ramona. They love her now. Like, they like Yeah. I was gonna ask, coming from like a, you know, Christian family, like how did your parents and your family handle it? My family was just so amazing. It was incredible. It was like, and I go, mom, you remember Ramona, who you've heard on the phone? She's like, yeah. She go, I go, oh, I'm dating her. And she's like, oh, and Ramona's a woman. I'm like, yeah, and you are dating her. and I go, yeah. She's like, oh, that's great darling. Like, literally not a second of God. I don't know, I didn't, you don't know, sometimes you can see your parents are cool with gay people and whatever, but you don't know until you actually tell them as the daughter, oh, I am now in a same sex relationship.


You don't know how they're gonna react. And, but it was nothing, oh, my God my family was so supportive. Ramona's family, they're a bit even more, they come from like Eastern European country, so they're not as accepting, but hopefully it'll, yeah, it'll turn around. So, you know, but my family was like, they was so awesome. Do you have advice for maybe people that are not in the industry that are wanting to come out to their families, And, like, don't know how they're gonna react, but like, Well first of all, like, I, I mean, I was like a 42-year-old woman and And like, and very successful and a boss bitch in so many ways. And so it's hard. Like, it's, it's awkward and you gotta have these conversations and not just once, like often on multiple occasion, I'd first said, sat down my sisters and I'm like, guys, I have something to tell you.


Come in this bedroom now. And they come in and, because they come over for the Super Bowl and then I was like, so you're meeting somebody tomorrow, Ramona and I'm dating her and blah, blah. I was like, but like, 'cause that was, they were the first people of family members I told, and God, it was awkward. Like, and luckily they just said, oh, that's great. You know, like they didn't care. Yeah. But you feel like it's such a big deal. And I dunno why? It's because it's not like with straight people, they have to talk about their sexuality or whatever. And. like I never, when I was dating guys, never had to have that conversation. Like, Hey guys, I'm dating this guy. Right?


And yeah, so it was just, I don't know, like it's, I, I, I really, I understand how how hard it is for people and, and especially if you come from a conservative family, like I have, like how hard it is to, to do it. But I was met with nothing but love and positivity by it. So I was like, oh, and it was so nice. Like, it was so, so nice. and I think the best thing is just to live your authentic life. And like, you know, I do see people in the industry, you know, hiding who they are in, in public and stuff. and I, just I was like, the moment I met Ramona and I knew it was a real thing and we just, we were slowly telling people. But, but yeah, that, that whole, yeah, I I just didn't wanna hide it.


Yeah. I, I thought, oh God, it's 20, 20, 22 now. Like, yeah, you know, you can just be whoever. When you Look at this relationship with Ramona, like how is this relationship to you? Who you are in it, what it means to you? Different from like, all the past dating experiences or relationships that you've had? It was from like, dating all these dudes and then I would always be like complaining like, oh, well that dude like, is not romantic. And then Ramona from our first ever Valentine's Day, I mean, she gives, gave me this little bracelet that's got two hearts to signify her and my heart. Very cute little thing from Tiffany's. And then she made me like, wait in one room while she decorated the whole house.


And like, she had a whole menu of activities for Valentine's Day. Like I've never had that, neither, like a whole menu of like activities and things. And she'd brought all the decorations, And, like it was The most romantic thing ever. And like, and I was always saying with dudes, oh, like, oh, they're not romantic. Like, I put in effort and, and try to do nice things and then they never do nice things. And then he was somebody that just like blew me away with how thoughtful and kind she was and, and caring. And I was like, it was insane. It was like the best Valentine's Day I've ever had. That's amazing. Were you in the process of having a baby before you met Ramona And? like what was that conversation like to sort of Family together? So I'd already been doing the fertility stuff and, and I'd already had the surrogates and so, but I didn't wanna, 'cause I'd had an experience with where it didn't, it didn't work out.


And we had a miscarriage with the first surrogate. And so the second one, I wanted to wait till like the first trimester was over, but this was like literally a few months into dating Ramona and I have to say, oh God, I'm having a baby. and I know this is something that you didn't know. And so if it's too much for you and you wanna leave me, like, I totally understand. Like, I kind of set it with a sad face on like, if you wanna leave me like you can. And she was just so great about it and was like, oh my God, like, I, I adore you and I'm gonna adore your baby probably even more. And so she was so great. I wonder whether it was a dude, if they would've been that accepting of a child that wasn't their biological child.


and I do think, God, maybe it was fate and I was meant to meet her then. And yeah. And then Ramona was right there at the birth of the baby. She wasn't originally supposed to, it was just gonna be me in the room. And then we were like, oh, well Ramona's here. Like, oh yeah, okay. Come and we watch the baby pop out together. Like How has motherhood changed you personally? Oh, A lot. Like it changes your life and, but I feel like I was in such a place, like Ready and, and I been trying for a few years to have a baby. And so like, she's just my little miracle little Roy and she's just so cute. But it's so hard, like to all the moms out there watching, like, it is so hard.


I, like, yesterday, I don't think I put on clothes till 4:00 PM I was just in my nightgown walking around with a baby. Like, I, like, I get so feral on some days. I mean, obviously I'm put together today because I'm come to talk to you. But I was like, it's, it's really hard. Like it's, it's hard. I have to probably be more discerning about what jobs I take now, but I was so in a place, I was so ready and so stable, have such a good life that I'm ready to like, give a lot to my child now. So good now. And it's, but it's a, it's such a blessing but it's so hard. Totally. How has your relationship between you and Ramona changed since having this child? I think it's like only gotten stronger.


We're like such a team And. like I think it's just made me and Ramona like an instant family and yeah. Yeah. But we'd, we'd been dating for like almost a year by the time Roci arrived. Let's talk about your new dating app. Fluid. Okay. Why did you start this? What has your like, experience been with apps in the past? Tell me about it. Well, like, I've had a bit of experience with Denny apps 'cause I was on raa, but then I was like, what if there's somebody out there like me that doesn't quite have a label on their sexuality? Because it was weird when at one point I went on Raya and ticked the box for interested in women as well. It felt like, 'cause you'd tick interested in men, interested in women and I I was like, it just felt weird to have to label myself or categorize myself.


So I was like, well what if there was a dating app that didn't have to do that? And then there's so many studies that like there was one study in 2020 with Gen Z saying that 48% of people in Gen Z identify as being sexually fluid. And I was like, okay, it's gotta be, I'm going to like create an app with my friends. Call it fluid. And it's where you don't have to categorize or describe either yourself or what you're interested in. The app just learns by how you vibe with people and how you're, what you like, you know, the profiles you like and stuff. And it will learn kind of what your preferences are without you having to say, oh, I'm bisexual, I'm pansexual, I'm straight, I'm this, you don't have to say it's just, you're open to love and you can get on there without any labels or judgment.


And like, yeah, find a find a match. So When can we go cutting Edge guys? It's cutting edge. Cutting edge, and you can download it Valentine's Day. That's perfect because it's the day of love. It's the day of love. And yeah, and normally I was the kind of person who was like so sad on Valentine's Day. I'm going, oh, I have no love. I bought by myself flowers. I did that in high school once you did, I bought myself like, you know, with an anonymous card. And then I walked around all the other girls with my bunch of flowers going, oh, somebody's like really attracted to me like an idiot. I love it. But, but I guess, you know, I'm in such a awesome place now. And, and so the creating fluid was just like to create something that I didn't feel existed and, and to help other people find, find love in however form that will be, which is awesome.


I have one more question. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So I had Adam Dev Divine on ah, yeah, last Week. My work husband. Oh, last Week? Yes, last week. And so I asked him, I want you, if you can, to Impersonate Rebel and then I'm gonna have her impersonate you. Oh, that's so hard. I feel like she's just gonna be like, I'm madam just with like weird energy just bouncing all over the place. Okay, I got it. Okay. Hello. It's sort of British. Hello. It's it me, Rebel Wilson. I'm the lead singer of the Beatles.


I can't do it, Alex. I can't do it. No, it's so good. It's so good. It's so good. I literally, I was trying to do it earlier and I was like, that's why she's iconic. I can't do it. Hello? I'm Rebel Wilson. I think I'm the, I'm, I play bass in Oasis, I feel, and she's Australian. She's not even from England. But I don't know to do I think you're fully, fully doing English. An English Accent. I, 'cause I can't do Australian. He was struggling so hard. He's like, fuck. Like why can I not get this? I had to play a video. I'm really hard to impersonate So hard. I'm really hard. No one can do you. They tried to do me once on SNL and they're like, nah, my voice is really hard to do. Which Is great. I mean, you're very unique.


There you go. Do you think you could do an impersonation of Adam? He's like, Adam just does all these faces. Like, I like that. Like that's my impersonation of Adam. Like, what is it? And then he does these dance moves all the time. He does this a lot and he does the man splits, which are like, he's, he's frequently flexible and he does the splits, but his voice, I don't know. Huh? Hi guys. No, I sound like a South Park Charact. Hey guys. But he's hard. Yeah, he's, but he normally does these pieces and he does this a lot like that.


He does that. So Accurate. Yeah. But yeah, I call Adam my work husband 'cause we've worked together on so many things. And like he's just the cutest. So good. Rebel, thank you so much for coming on. Call. Her Daddy. Ah, it is such a pleasure. Wait, don't you feel like Raya? I used to be on it. Raya is so interesting to me because I, when I was living in New York, I used to be on it. Yeah. and I would be swiping around and it was like New Zealand, England, California.


And it was like, I'm, I can't go on my first fucking date to Australia. No. Although like Ben looked beautiful and it looked like it could be pro. Wait, I think I went out with an Australian guy called Ben. Was he like super hot? He's probably the same guy. We have Totally dated the same guy as Rebel.