
Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today. Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high high-tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See Dealer for financing details. Exclusive SI and Ty r.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent Lieb. Lnu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Remy Vader. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you for having me. How Are you doing today? Tell me what you're feeling on this glorious day of being on Call Her Daddy. I'm definitely like anxious. Okay. You make me anxious. No, no I, I was looking yesterday at my like freaky notes of goals that I made. Like when I started in this like a two years ago, right? And the only like podcast I had on there, like LA Actually last thing on the list was like be on Call Her Daddy. Like that was one of the like life goals. Career goals.


Well you were here. I've bet you've checked off so many things on that list. I've Checked off a few and it was weird. I was like I didn't even know what existed. I went typed in Call Her Daddy to see like notes that I've made for myself, right? And then that's what came up and I was like, wow, this is cool.


As women, we are constantly on the move. We're doing so many things. We are juggling life. And if you are gonna wear all the hats, daddy Yang at least have a wardrobe that helps Check all your boxes. Travis Matthew creates versatile products designed to help you look and feel your best no matter the activity. From sunrise coffees to school pickups to dinner dates, experience a pant truly made for all day every day. And no matter where your day goes, you can stay in perfect comfort in the cloud collection. You might fall in love, but that's okay. Rewards members receive free shipping and free returns. You guys know I am quite literally all about comfort. Like I feel like I live my life by being like am I putting this on and am I going to be comfortable? That's how I know if I'm putting it on, I must be comfortable. And Travis Matthew hits in the comfort but versatility department, I totally understand. You need to have something. Even if you're going to a meeting, can you wear this and also lounge in it? That is the true master of comfort. Travis Matthew Apparel designed for confidence and comfort no matter where the day takes you. Visit travis matthew.com and receive 20% off your first order when you sign up for email. That's T-R-A-V-I-S-M-A-T-H-E w.com.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement. You need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Lowe's knows what makes Spring Fest savings even better. A member only Doorbuster deals right now rewards members can save $40 on an Allen and Roth Chesler Gold faucet was $99 now $59 plus save $110 on a Cobalt 40 volt battery trimmer and blower combo kit was 2 79. Now 1 69 Lowe's, we help you save valid through 3 24 while supplies last programs subject to terms and conditions. Details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


You popped off on TikTok. Yeah. During the pandemic for doing realistic clothing halls. Yes, you're the clothing hall guru. You really are. What inspired you to first start doing this on the internet? Well, I lost my job in Covid. I was in the music industry. I was doing partnership marketing and then got furloughed. Said I would come back, didn't happen. So I actually did not know what to do with myself. And then I gained like a significant amount of weight at that time, like kind of pre covid my dad's in fashion and always said like Remy, you should do plus-size modeling. And I used to get so mad at him that he would say that. And at this point I'm like $0 my make account making no money. Like I need to do something.


I was bored. And then I was always on TikTok like in the pandemic. But looking at girls dancing like that wasn't like a thought in my head. And then I was like maybe. And then I came across the curvy fashion side of TikTok, like these curvy girls showing clothes and I was like wow, this is cool. So one day I literally just decided like I'm going to teach myself how to edit. Like I'm gonna just film myself. I'm gonna do something fun. And it was like four videos. Did it for fun, no one cared, no one saw them. And then when I kind of like gave it up, it was like a video where I got a huge package of clothes, tried them on in my room without filming it and I was just laughing at myself. I was like wow, I look insane. And I sent it to my friends and I was like, why don't I just make this into a TikTok?


And that's the one that blew up. It was like the fifth video I made and I basically was like, why do the clothes that we put on our bodies never look like what the model looks like online? Part of what made you successful was your content is you picking clothes that are approachable for everyone, right? Right. Well I think I, again this wasn't planned. I didn't think people were gonna see that video. And I did the same one the next day that did even better. And then I started doing more. So I was excited and confused like why are people watching this? But I just went with it. But I really don't, I don't think of everyone when I do the video I think of does this fit and look good on me? Because I've always struggled with finding clothes for myself whether I've gained weight or before that I was always a cur or girl and struggled with shopping.


The two things that made it start being worth it were one that people were like thanking me and I was like, why are you thanking me? But I guess it started showing them that they could wear these clothes, that they could be confident that they could do these things. But I didn't get it 'cause I was in this not confident space, but it started helping me get there when these people were telling me like, I wish I could be confident like you. So it kind of tricked my brain into making me like feel more confident. I totally get that. Like everyone that's on the internet, if you get any type of like positive feedback, maybe you weren't even thinking about that positive feedback and you're like, you're just posting it 'cause you're like, this is gonna be whatever, I'm in Covid. And then all of a sudden people are like, wait, thank you.


Yeah. And you're like, wait, thank me for what? Yeah, like what did I do? So that must have been a really cool moment. I'm also interested, so like first you started posting these things kind of with like nothing in mind I Didn't know would turn into this. And I also still in my head it wasn't something I wanted to do. I was like, I'm gonna be this like boss in the music industry. Like that's what I wanted. So once you start posting though, there was a transition when it did take off and then you essentially started to talk about getting clothing from brands and talking about how the brands were not inclusive. Yeah. Who were some of the first brands that you like named and called out for? Like not being inclusive in sizing and like how did they respond? I think it started by not even brands. I did pretty little thing in nasty offers, which actually did have plus sizes but they're cheaper and like it just didn't look good on my body.


Yeah. So those were the first halls. Then I started going into like a free people or something where I'm like, this looks insane on me. Wish you had a bigger size. But then I also showed the good. So I wasn't bashing these brands in my mind when I did this I was like, okay, all these brands are gonna hate me now people are watching. I never thought these brands would wanna work with me like that. Just none of this was a thought in my head. I think before I post, like I definitely do, but I was just like, this is almost like a joke so I'm just gonna like go with it. So I would, but the one thing I noticed that people weren't doing online was showing the bad. They were all just showing the good and trying to make everything look perfect and showing just those clothes.


What about those clothes that didn't fit right? So I took a little of like the humor that I always did have and put that into it. And I think that's maybe what made it a little bit different. Oh well, totally. But it's not even the bad. It's like it's just doesn't feel good on my body and you're just being honest And the point is it's okay. It happens to everyone. But I never had the issue of being two, three sizes bigger than I ever was. And I, for a little while, right before I posted, sat in my room, stopped going out, didn't see people anymore because I was so upset that I gained all this weight and I thought that there was just no clothes out there for me. So like me forcing myself to shop because I always hated shopping, like it wasn't fun, made it more fun for me. And then seeing that I was helping people made it even better.


And then down the line, once I started affecting these brands, I mean that made it like, I can do this I guess full time. Was it hard in the beginning to be that vulnerable? Yeah, I blocked every like guy friend or any girls I knew from home, like my family, like anyone I knew that maybe had a TikTok, I blocked everyone because I was so, I really was embarrassed. I was like, I wanna do this, this is cool. People are starting to see it. But like something made me embarrassed. Then it was like one day like my guy friend was like, wait, I'm seeing this on my girlfriend's TikTok, what is this? And I was just like, you know what? Screw it. And TikTok, it's interesting 'cause I still feel this way.


I'm way more vulnerable on TikTok. I would say things before I even told my family of feelings that I would feel and being sad or having a bad day and say it on TikTok without people in my life even knowing. So it's just like almost like the safe space for Me. Once your family and your friends did find out and then they would see you having like these bad days on TikTok, did people reach out to like see if you were okay? Yeah. Okay. A hundred percent. I think that like my parents were, they didn't know what TikTok was. So like it was very interesting and until I started getting more brand deals and stuff, 'cause my dad's like a business guy, like he didn't think it was real or anything. In his mind he was like, you can't stop working, working like this isn't a job.


So that took a while for him. Like I would say it didn't even start popping off till like January and my first video was September. So once that started being real and like press was reaching out and all of that was when they started kind of understanding it a little bit more. Right. Even my sister when I, like she walked in and I was to the house and I was making a video. She's like, what are you doing? Like it was just like a weird thing at first, but totally once people started to see like success from something, then they think it's cool. Like then it all changes. Your content kind of did also start to expand beyond clothing halls. Yes. And you used your platform to highlight some other companies getting it wrong. Yes. So I think that slowly I started being like, now people are watching, I can't hide parts about myself.


Like you either get the all me or nothing. And I was like, I have to show more of myself. So it started with a little bit of like I have anxiety and a tic disorder and I have this and this and I struggle with this. And that was like scary for me to post. But I got good feedback from that. So over time I started posting more things that would go on in my life. And before I had a following, I did this anyways, like without having people follow me, what I had 2000 followers, I would still post my every day if something went wrong I would post it. If I had a great day I would post it. So I, you know, when things started to happen that would maybe not be the best. I felt like I had to post it. And with Delta specifically, it was like the second time since I gained weight that I was on an airplane and the seatbelt didn't fit me at all.


And I was thinking in my head like I am a, if I'm a 16, 18, what about all of these other people that are way bigger than me? How is this not fitting me? And it just made me angry and I can't, I can't hold that stuff in. And I also feel like I now with a falling, have a responsibility for people that have felt this way prior or feeling this way that can't do anything about it or have no one to talk to about it. Like I feel like I should be saying those things. Yeah, my automatic thing really is like, I know it might sound silly to some people, but for me it's like well I'm gonna put this on TikTok. Like I want people to see what's really happening. Like I'm gonna do it in the moment. I never preplan these things. I'm always doing it right away because I feel like that's when I'm in my like feels of like this is real and this is happening.


This is The most realistic. So right when that happened and before we took off, I just quickly did a TikTok of showing that the seatbelt didn't close with some random music in the background. Just saying like, I don't remember what it was but like delta, like get longer seat belts or something, whatever it was. It was like a very quick video and that then blew up. And you have two sides to that of people that truly feel the same way. And then you have the other people that are just like, screw you for complaining, screw you for trying to take down a business and screw you for being fat basically. That was the first thing that really was like, should I have not done this? Should I have said it? And I have to really deep down think like, no, this is an experience that happened to me. People started saying like, look, she's holding the seatbelt.


Like it's really not real. I'm like, and I wanna get defensive and I wanna say things and then I just have to be like, I'm, I will always be true to myself and I've promised myself that. And if people don't think that that is true, like there's nothing I can do. Totally. Did Delta Respond? No, they never reached out. And like of course I'll tag, I also tag because I want, yeah, there was articles that that you know wrote about it and stuff. So like they saw, I feel like they had to, yes, Delta's huge but I feel like it did kind of blow up. Yeah. That I just thought like that you can always make a situation better. Like same with the clothing halls. I never thought it would be anything but the second, the first time like free people reached out and they're like, we'd love for you to do stuff with us. It's like I'm always happy to be a part of it.


I'm not about the canceling, I am not trying to cancel these brands, these businesses, these small businesses, anything. But I can't hold in things that really happen to me and I feel like I have to talk about it and I'm gonna get negative shit from people. I'm gonna get people that don't agree with me. But I'm gonna talk about my experiences. What do you wish Delta would've done? I Wish they, yes, I get, I always look at the other side. So I think of the business like I came from PR and marketing like I understand. So I was like in my head I'm like okay well if they can't change every plan and extend the seat belts that right now they could put seat belt extenders under the seat so you don't have to get embarrassed to go up to the plane and ask for one and have people looking at you.


And again it's like why should you feel embarrassed? But it's the truth of, it's the truth of it. Most people that messaged me were like, I feel embarrassed to go up so I can't even put on a seat belt. And then you get the people that's like, well then lose weight. It's not that simple. There's just way more to a lot all of this. And it's like the point is we should all feel comfortable. Not even a question. The people that are saying that are so fucking ignorant. And I agree with you. I saw your experience on TikTok this summer when you posted about a business discriminating against you at this ranch. Take me through that day what you were supposed to do and what happened. Yeah, let's take a little drink.


Okay. Okay. I was on a brand trip okay with Hampton Water, love them. I was there with a few of my friends. It was like not a super big trip. And they had planned weeks before like 12 o'clock horseback riding. And I was excited. I went horseback riding two months ago actually on a brand trip with Revolve and Al and Gear didn't have an issue, was great time. So I didn't think twice in my head. Like I went there, I was about to get on the horse. We signed papers like it was done and it did say on the sheet RU two 40 and above. So I checked off, yes, but that's all it said.


I was about to go on the horse. It wasn't unless I said something and I looked at the lady because in AM and Gear they put me on a bigger horse and I wasn't offended at all like a horse that could carry bigger weight that they did ask me how much I weigh. I was not offended. So I said to them, so I said okay, are you guys gonna put me on like a specific horse? Like I just want to know the deal. And she's like, you're not riding. And I was like, wait, what do you mean? Like you said I like I signed the paper like everything was good. You looked at it, you took it like everything was fine. And she was like, no you're not riding. Like you can't. And I'm like, wait, does it say it anywhere? Is it on the front of the place?


Like we, I'm a little confused and she was like laughing. And also I didn't mention this prior, but this was also a bigger woman so that is pretty wild to me. But she said, you know, you're not riding. And I was just like, you should pr, you should definitely advertise that at least. So I knew like I'm here right now, this is happening. Like I'll leave, it's fine. But I was embarrassed. I was really embarrassed and I think I was like shaken up and I didn't know what to do. And I'm also there with like a bunch of influencer friends and I'm the only bigger girl. So like I really didn't think much. And it's funny to see in like what people's feedback is on it of just like she, you don't know what really happened.


She could have flipped out and cursed the lady out and all this stuff And I'm like, I swear on everything that never happened. Like I was almost too embarrassed to even say much. I just remember being like this should be advertised and being like upset. But like I left, I calmly left the girl from Hampton Water was like, are you okay? I feel so bad, whatever. Where are all the influencers They're getting on the horses And do they see you not getting on the horse? Yes. And they get on the horse. Yes. And they get, they see you leaving, they get on the horse right off into the sunset and you leave. And I got in the car and I just started sobbing.


It's like I don't even think I'm upset but I just called my sister. And it's also like my family also when these things happen, don't know what to do 'cause they don't know the right thing to say. They're also not my size. So it's just like they didn't know what to say. And I left and I posted this video and it started blowing up very quickly. But it wasn't until honestly the influencers that were there started posting on the horses. So people saw that themselves. I didn't wanna call out specific people and it wasn't until after I realized like shit, like I'm the kind of person that would leave with someone. You have influencers in a nasty ranch that have such power that every girl could have opened their fucking phone and live streamed that and been like, look what the fuck is happening?


Fuck this ranch. Like let's all leave together. Like it could have been such a amazing moment to support a fucking friend. And instead they're like gotta get the photo. Like I'm sorry like and I don't want, you don't have to bash them. Like I I don't give a fuck. That's disgusting. And it's sad. I Think in my head I'm very right after I was just very in like shock of course. And a lot of people are like don't blame the ranch, blame your friends or don't do this. Like I think a hundred percent it was the ranch's fault. I'm forgetting a huge thing that happened that right after later that day I posted that video, it started blowing up. I was getting a little anxious about it, whatever. But I happened to be on TikTok and I went to my mentions which I barely ever do and I saw that a guy and I was like there's no way this guy's at the ranch.


Like this is the ranch. I thought it was a random place and he is like made a TikTok video and was like, if you're a fat bitch you can't ride at De Paolo ranch or something like that. And it was the owner's son and the owner was in the background. They were all laughing. You could hear people laughing in the video and I reposted it right away and it only validated me posting because when I see something start blowing up that then has two sides, I get nervous. I'm not trying to tear down these a small business, that's not what I want. But when I feel truly wronged and feel like this would be something that would also make other people feel like shit. Like I think I have a pretty strong personality that I was okay but some other people might not be okay.


And I have to say what I feel and once that was posted I was like, I did nothing wrong. Like he, they didn't want me there. I'm so sorry because you should never have been in that position. And they acted there the way that they handled it is truly despicable. If she nicely said like listen, it would be you are too big to ride the horse for the reason that it would be unsafe for the horse gave me some like statistics or reasoning but that was not the case. Now I'm getting the shit of you're an animal abuser, like you wanna kill horses like you are tear, you tear down small businesses, you deserve hell like crazy, crazy things.


And it really blew up. Like this was on the news in Australia, like this was everywhere. And I literally was like to my publicist like should I have never said anything? And she's like, no, this happened to you. You should have said something. And it wasn't until a few days later that a few of the influencers apologized. And I am just, I don't wanna like go deep into them because I feel like people still are asking me, are you talking to those influencers? I am a very forgiving person. I, I think some people don't have the personality I do to stand up for myself and to say things how they are and to like be vocal and I, all I can say is that I'm trying to be understanding and I do feel like it's given me some sort of like I do need to look in different places for friends.


Like I went into this so fast, people don't understand how quickly this happened for me. And of course I'm gonna be friends with anyone that wants to be friends with me. That's the person I am. So like I'm just like excited, I've just been excited but now I have to start being like okay, like I need to respect myself and like who's respecting me? Not just because I have this following but because they want to, they love me and they wanna support me. Is the ranch still like open and Well then I it when it, once it blew up you have all the people that are like how dare this girl tear down a small business and whatever that are giving them amazing reviews that have never been there and like, 'cause it went down to like one on Google and then every, somehow all them are gone. So I let it go.


Yeah, people are still asking me about it. I'm still getting messages that I'm a horse abuser to this day. Got one this morning like I've let it go in my mind because I'm like, I did what I needed to do. Like let me move on. Where is that man? Like that disgusting man. Does he still work there? Yeah, it's it's the owner's son Daddy Gang do your thing. That's all me To say. I think one thing that came from that, which is that now been happening which is now being have been talked about in my comments for the past since this happened is that every girl at that ranch and every influencer was skinny. And I've just been getting so much since then of why do you only hang out with skinny girls?


Like you do this to yourself. Like you should be surrounding yourself with girls that look like you. I have never made a friend buy their body type or what they look like. I like you if you're funny, I like you if you're trustworthy, I like you if you're cool like I, I, I just, I don't, just the same way as I look at guys like it's about personality for me. And I think that's been a really hard thing for me to see because it's like listen, I came into this space, like I said just excited and then I'm going to the events and there's barely any plus size influencers specifically in New York City. A lot that I talk to are in LA and what am I supposed to do? Literally what am I supposed to do?


Not go to these events. Yes I don't, I don't know that till I'm there that there's no one else there that is my size with brand trips. I try and find out the list like I do the best I can with brands I'm working with. Do you have other plus size girls in this campaign? Like I am trying but one thing that people don't know is that I have reached out to so many plus size models that are well known and influencers in New York City that have not followed me back, not answered and read my messages. Like I've gone to shoots where I have, I have felt so left out that they, I've literally texted my mom in the corner being like, I feel like a loser at eight hour shoots where these plus size girls don't even talk to me.


So like my one thing that I've been thinking about so much lately is I don't feel supported by a lot of the plus size community because a lot of them say that I'm not big enough to be plus size then I'm too big to be mid-size and then I get yelled at for hanging out with skinny people. So where do you want me to be and what do you want me to consider myself because I've never labeled myself and I don't know what to do to be, to make everyone happy. Like I literally don't know where I should put myself. What do you wish would be the situation and the case for You? I think the same thing as when I started all this. How like my dream is to have a line that caters to everyone and there's no labels of plus size, extended size curvy.


What's the best that a brand can call it whatever. Like everyone's just in one, you walk into a store and it's all sizes in one place. Like I've, that's all I've I've ever wanted. I don't think anyone should feel left out. That's why I don't even think that there should be plus size brands where there's no small sizes. Like I just think everyone should be included. And it's the same thing as I've never considered myself any title. Yeah because and just the same thing as how I tell press not to call me body positive because then if I say that I'm not happy with my body one day people are calling me fat phobic. It's like I can't win and I never plan to be here. I'm grateful I'm here.


I'm so happy, I'm so happy I have this voice because I've always been someone that could stand up for myself and that hasn't changed. So I'm happy that I could be this person that can like say it how it is and be honest and people are listening. But like I seem to lately not be able to win. And it seems that the people that followed me from the start want me to be this original like relatable girl that wasn't getting these brand deals that like was struggling and crying every day and was miserable. Like it's like the second I start to be happy it feels like I'm losing these people and they see that I'm happy and they're like, well she's not one of us anymore. It's like I'm just, I just don't know what to do. Why are we doing that to women? Yeah and it's women, It's, I get uncomfortable because I'm even in this position, I don't know what to say but some people, you know like being called fat because they're like I am fat.


Where for me I take it as I personally and some people might not like it but I take it as a negative thing because as an insult my whole life since I was younger, if anyone's trying to insult me, the one insult is you're fat. So as a negative thing. So I just don't think any of these terms, like even when they try and put extended sizes on a website, like why do they have to say it's extended? Like I don't think there's any right. And I think it's more of a personal thing of like what you want to be called. My title I would say in press is now usually content creator and curve model. But if someone wants to call me something different, like I personally don't give a shit. Yeah, I think the point is, is the labeling. And I truly believe Remy, like you are helping break this barrier by even just having this conversation.


There's gonna be people that don't like it, but then there's gonna be a lot of fucking people that look at what you're doing and they're like, damn, I wanna be on that girl's fucking team. 'cause what she's doing is she's making a fucking difference. And I have those days where I'm like, I really am like only looking at the positive and like I'm Remy Bader, like I'm gonna keep doing this. But I actually do have more days and I see people saying things like, why are you so negative and this and this? And I'm like, I, it is so hard to be in this position to keep trying to be myself and not let anyone get in the way of that. But then have the people that are reaching out every day say you're not the same or, or you're a fat bitch and you shouldn't be in this position or whatever Mean things people wanna say to me.


I don't think people realize I'm The most sensitive person. I care what people think. I'm a people pleaser. I wanna be friends with everyone. I'm trying to please millions of people and I make myself crazy. My parents are like, you need to like take a break, you need to do. And I'm like, no. Like I want to make these people happy but I, I'm trying to also make myself happy. And it's this battle for someone that is a people pleaser. It's like I'm, I just want people to understand I'm doing the best I can.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank anyway you bank


The Quarter Pounder with cheese has many great things. Maple flavored griddle cakes isn't one of them. McDonald's breakfast comes first ba


If you share a fridge with someone, Instacart can make grocery shopping so much easier. With family carts you'll share a cart and each add what you need between the two of you. Odds are you'll remember everything. So no more milk, less cereal. Minimize the stress of the weekly shop with family carts. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants.


You are extremely open with your fans and recently shared your decision to enter an outpatient treatment program. What was your goal in entering treatment? I think that I was so into what was happening on social media with my life in the past year and a half, two years that I put my personal, personal like health and happiness aside. You need to be able to be happy when you're alone and by yourself. And my outlet before TikTok actually like a year before like not my whole life was food. So I would order like 50, $60 a night of like crazy amount of food and turn my phone off and sit there and eat like it was a drug and then cry after the rest of the night, then call people, then say I need help, I need to do something but then the next day I'm gonna start over.


But the same thing happens. This happened for two years and I think that it still was happening and I tried to like put it aside but it was still happening when TikTok was going on. So I felt inauthentic in myself. I felt I'm putting myself out there like I'm in this hot outfit and it's not fully inauthentic. 'cause in those moments I feel great, but then when I go home and I'm crying and eating alone that night, then I'm like how am I helping these people or trying to help these people when I'm not even helping myself? So I, you know, I've tried a million things and it finally was like I didn't wanna like be serious enough to say like I have an eating disorder. A lot of people don't consider binge eating and eating disorder. Like they, and you need to look a certain way to have an eating disorder.


Like I had like this like addictive crazy thing going on in my brain and I needed to take care of it. So I, you know, for six weeks I stopped really going to events, stopped, stopped doing what I was doing, you know, did a little less content and really just focused on myself and did this in-person hours and hours a week treatment with a group and really, you know, all I could say about it, it was an amazing thing that I did. Do I wish I did it a little longer? Yes, there's so much coming up for me right now and I had to make that decision of like, should I stop this right now and I can kind of go back to it when I need to.


Am I like solved and cured? Is everything fine? No, but I feel like I'm in a way better place and I feel like I, I like, I feel like I really helped myself and did something for myself for the first time in so long. Can you explain for someone who has never heard of this kind of treatment before, just like what is a day? Yeah. In the life in an outpatient treatment program. Yeah, so there's, for eating specifically there's residential, okay which is not outpatient, which is like when you really need to, that's all you're focus on, you go away, you sleep there. That is like your life. I did IOP. So I was in intensive outpatient treatment. I did three nights a week, three hours each night in person, no phone, eat dinner together in a room and like have these very intense group therapies and C-B-T-D-B-T body image groups, all these things that like just really I'm like very now for group therapy.


I think it's really interesting and helpful to be able to put yourself in other people's shoes and like help each other out. What's interesting and what a lot of other groups I know don't do, it wasn't just binge eaters, it was people that anorexia, bulimia, body dysmorphia. I was one of the only people big, only bigger people in my group. But you learn that you have a lot of similarities and can like truly support each other. And the horse ranch thing and all this stuff actually happened when I was in this and it really kind of threw me back a little. I actually like binged that week and really like it messed me up. But I had this group to like go force myself there didn't wanna ever go that day but once I was there I was so grateful and I met like amazing people that, you know, I really in that group all the ti like at the end was just like I'm so mad at myself that I feel like I was gonna be at this amazing like I'm cured, I'm an amazing place.


And all of them were like Remy, like you've done so much for yourself. Like it's not like a snap of the finger. Like this is years and years of like your mind being one way. Like I'm a work in progress but like I did this for me Thinking about how you said there were different women in your program, even maybe a woman that struggled with anorexia and at first glance you may be like, oh gosh, like we can't relate. Oh I was like why am I here? Right? That first night I was like why am I here? I feel so out of place. This is insane. And then you just start talking and you understand how many people have things in common. And what I do wanna say to people is I did a very specifically expensive program, which I'm grateful that I was able to do but if this was a year ago I would not have been able to do it.


And you know, I put myself there. But there are other places that you could put yourself like an OA group which is Overeaters Anonymous, things like that which have, and other groups that aren't just about overeating that are free or less money and other places that you could put yourself in. Just being able to put yourself in a position where you can relate to other people I think and not keeping it in is what helps The Most. Anyone listening, it's incredible to hear you talk about how like it actually made you feel so connected and less alone and like you're able to bond with people that are going through similar things. And so in those moments after the ranch, when it set you back, it's like you're showing up and all these women are gonna be like, we're here, we got you. Right? And like let's do this together.


And that day, which I can't say, I would never say names or anyone like it's all confidential, but that day that I was crying and freaking out and talking about the horse ranch and not sure if these people would understand and saying everything and there was a new girl there that day and the whole time never would've thought she knew me. Nothing like it's just not that type of vibe. But at the end, because I was so upset and I was like a massive bitch that day I was just sitting there with my arms crossed so upset and she was like, I just have to say to you like I'm here 'cause of you like I am in this program 'cause of you because I saw your video and like I just need you to know how many people in the world you're helping because I wouldn't be taking care of myself if it wasn't for you.


And then that snapped me back into like, why the hell am I focusing on all these people that are telling me I'm the worst human in the world when I'm helping these people. Did you take any tools from the program to try to help yourself while you're gonna kind of get into this crazy part of your career right now? Yeah. I never even before this could even notice if I was hungry or not hungry because I was so messed up with food the past few years. So like even being able to notice that and like being able to just be a little more present when I'm eating. I just went on a trip to Italy and London and like I was very nervous because Italy I was with a group of people but London I was alone. And when I'm alone is when the binging happens and I just was like able to just like be more in tune with myself, but you should never finish a program and like have no support.


So I'm like right now figuring out who my team is gonna be like. Great. Helping me outside of program. I'm interested to know, you kind of mentioned this earlier about like the negativity people kind of come at you for calling out brands or you know, making a comment about discrimination at like an airport or whatever it is. What are you feeling towards people that think you are just being negative on the internet constantly? How does that make you feel? I think that it just frustrates me because again, I can't cater to everyone but to my following, I feel like I'm doing them good and myself good by being honest about the things that are happening and showing the difference of how maybe a person who is larger is treated.


And I never, and I think a lot of people don't like that because maybe I wasn't this size a few years ago, I never was skinny but I wasn't this size. So a lot of people don't like that. I'm like this newer, larger girl experiencing this and talking about it and people are listening but I can't help. People are listening. So the fact that they are means that I'm gonna put as much as I can out there to help other people, to help myself, to make myself feel better and that it's okay that this shit's happening to me and realize that it's happening to other people. Like I can't not be myself. Like I can't not do the things that I feel in my gut I'm supposed to do. Totally. And if that's not good for higher end brands, if that's not good for this person or that person, like I have to learn because I'm not there yet to be okay with that.


Those people might not agree with me, never wanna work with me, never wanna talk to me. But I have to like realize I'm being true to myself and that like I'm just doing, I'm just like doing what I'm feel like I'm supposed to be doing at this point. We Do need to change and we need to listen. Yeah. And we need to educate ourselves and be more fucking mindful of people's fucking feelings. And so I think what you're doing is amazing. Thank You. We're gonna pour rose and now we're talking dating. Okay. Remy, are you single? Are you dating? Are you in a relationship? What is your Facebook status? Is it complicated? Do you even have Facebook anymore? This Is like a dream right now. Like let's just pause for a second.


Like literally when I used to listen to Call Her Daddy, like in the beginning and like it was just talking like straight sex and stuff. I was like, this is me. Like I have to be on this one day anyways. Dating. I've never had a boyfriend in my life. Okay, 27 years old. It's weird because I feel like when I say it, I actually went on a date the other day, which was like weird for me 'cause I don't like dating. But I went on a date the other day and I said that 'cause he was like, when was the last you've had a boyfriend? And I've never actually said like on a date that I never have and I felt insecure about it. But when I talk about it online, I'm like, I've never had a boyfriend. Like I think it's like a fun fact. Wait, how did the date go? You're Like, no Remy, this is coming out in like August.


So like you Can like right. I'm going on another one tonight with him. What are you gonna wear this? We should We stop You like him. How'd you meet? Tell me everything We met on a dating app. This is the thing, I'm dead 'cause he's gonna hear this, but like I've heard from a lot of his friends, he's a fuck boy. So it's like I already know this in my head. Which is Good for you, right? 'cause you don't want, or do you want something serious now? No, I don't know what I want. I don't know what I want. I don't think I should go into anything like saying what it's, 'cause again, I don't like date because I don't like the whole like structured serious thing. Totally. And I do need to grow up a little bit when it comes to dating. Yeah. But I think sometimes it's cool to like go into it, not expectations.


'cause sometimes like I've met guys in the past and I'm like, this is the best fuck boy. Right? I'm so in the mood for this. I didn't even know I was in the mood for this. Yeah. But I'm so down for a casual. Or you meet someone that you're like, ooh, like we're gonna go on a second date. Yeah. Pretty soon after. And like maybe this will be like a little bit more of like a fun fling thing. Right. You Know what I mean? So I really don't know. Like I think that, I think it'll be a fun thing but also like very sexually attracted to him. Like I feel like it's like, wait, I, and I've been going back and forth in my head like, should I hook up with this guy? Like should I not? And I'm like, wait, like I don't think that should be even a factor. Like if I want to, I should like, I'm just like, I just like don't, I feel like I'm almost like out of the game. But I do think that it's a comfort thing for me.


Yep. That I don't like meeting new people. I don't like having sex with new people. Like I get like I'm a totally different Remy. Like I'm awkward at first. Like I have a panic attack before, before dates. Like I just am like, I don't want to do this. Yeah. But then like when I'm there I'm fine. So I just, but one thing that has like gotten to me since I've gotten a following and I I I cha I don't know what to think about it because before I was definitely like hooking up with people more. And yes, maybe I don't want a boyfriend, but it doesn't mean I don't wanna, it doesn't mean I wanna hook up with people less. The second I got a following, like every guy stopped D DMing me. Like no one reached out anymore.


Like it was just like very weird. And I always think, and I've asked my guy friends 'cause like I have a lot of close guy friends and I've No, that sounds like a pick me girl. Like what Is a pick me girl? I don't even know women fuck up. I I heard on Love Island. It's so annoying. I ask them because like I feel like they're all fucked boys, right? And I'm like, what do you think? Like why? And from guys to girls, I feel like everyone tells me like it's intimidation. I'm like, you're all lying. And that's what annoys me. I don't think these guys are intimidated because I feel like a guy when they want something will go for it. And I can't help to lately be like very insecure about like, I'm like a realistic person and I truly believe that it's, I've gained weight.


I don't look like how I used to look and I'm not posting sexy shit all the time. Like I'm posting me being funny and showing my body and showing that I'm not maybe not happy with my body all the time. So I don't think that's necessarily like attractive to guys. This guy like at least I need to give him some respect. 'cause I wasn't even gonna go on date was because like he knows what I do. The first thing I said to him was like, oh. Or he was like, so what do you do other than TikTok? And I'm like, oh you've, have you seen my videos because you like you probably won't wanna talk to me after that. And he's like, no, I've seen them and you're hilarious. Hilarious. And I was like, whoa. Like that's Cool. Okay. And then Remy, you insert what the fuck you're doing in business? Oh, I actually am starting a brand.


Oh I'm doing this. Oh I'm doing this. And then all of a sudden they're like, and you're like, oh, and dinner's on me. Just kidding. You can type this but, but The point, the point is no one really reaches out. Like no one usually I think you gotta be fucking sliding in those dms. Girl. You need to fucking faceplant into those dms. Get the fuck in there. You see someone you think is cute, DM them. Because I think when you take the initiative, guys hate getting rejected. Sorry men. But it's just so fucking true. People are intimidated by someone that just looks on the outside. Like they got it all together. As we're hearing from you today, you're a normal human being. You've got your ups and your downs, but you're like, I, I want a guy to like, you know, slide in like what the fuck? You should slide the fuck in, you should slide in.


I'll try it. Go off of something that you see on their profile, send him his own picture. Say something funny about it. Or if it's on a dating app, like message them first then they can take it from there. But it's really you just giving the insight of like, I'm interested, what's up? Yeah. And then I think you almost are showing that interest and they will reciprocate. But I think that you gotta like ball's in your fucking court. Why the fuck are you gonna wait for a guy? Why would we ever wait for men? They move so slow. Like if you wanna make something happen, like women get shit fucking done. I think it's like insecurities, which I still have within myself of like I'm not, this is still a new body for me. It doesn't mean I hate myself, it just means it's different.


And the one thing in my life I feel like I've always been like, I used to like literally wear sweatpants at the beach. Like I was so embarrassed, but for some reason when it came to sex since years ago, most confident girl ever. I think the fact that I feel insecure now about my body and it's completely affecting sex. Like I literally, like last time I did like refuse to take my shirt off and the guy was like, what? And I was like, no, no, no, no, I can't. I hate that. Like I hate that. I feel like it's not me. Like it's a totally different person and it's like ruining the one thing I always felt a hundred percent confidence in. So that's where I'm like, of course I'm gonna feel like, no, I don't wanna slide in. This guy doesn't wipe me. No one's reaching out to me because I'm just like fully a hundred percent blaming it on like my body and how I feel about myself.


I don't know. I Think that is a very relatable concept of like getting in your own way of almost looking back and thinking of something you're like, fuck. I was so good at that and I enjoyed that. I think first of all, you should be easy on yourself. We also have to remember we are our own worst enemies, right? So when you're feeling that insecurity, they're, they're on the date with you. They're there, they're like, I think you're great and you, and so we are always tearing ourselves down and I want you to fucking go on this date tonight and like channel like you're bad bitch energy. I know it's like corny, but it's like actually what's the worst that can happen? Think about that ghosts. Oh he ghosts next. Oh bye Casper. Don't care. Next. Like literally think about it like Casper, the friendly ghost like you, what you should also do for yourself is like don't let yourself be like, fuck, I wasn't myself and maybe I was awkward and that's why you didn't call.


Be yourself. Fucking go in there and be like you are with your friends. And I know it's hard, but I'm just saying like maybe tonight just be like, fuck, take the bottle with you out the night. Take the extra rose Jose. But you know what I mean? It's like the worst. I always like to think about like, what's the worst that can happen? Yeah. You're yourself and he doesn't like you. Yeah. Well then get the fuck out Okay. I want to hear what is the dating story in your past that you are never gonna forget? Can be good or bad? It can be a disaster. Tell us. I'm like, what the fuck was that? That's craziest. Oh no, no. I did not mean to do that. So good. A funny hookup story. Like have one at the top of my head.


So I was out one night and the o like the nights of my life that I've been like the worst Remy is, Remy is when I have Red Bull and something like, I think I'm allergic. Never give me Red Bull. If they gave me a million dollars for a brand deal, I'd say absolutely not. And I, so I was out drinking vodka and Red Bull got obliterated. Like I was just very drunk and there was this kid there that's best friends with my best friend. Okay. And very good looking, very hot man. And I was just like, he was like flirting and wanted to get with me and I was like, there's no way. Like I just was like, there's just no possible way. Anyways, he left, went back to my friends and he texted me like come over.


And I was like, okay, I'm coming. Somehow ended up there. But while on my way over I was texting my mom, be home in five. Poor mother. So didn't ever went home, went to this kid's house, went to my friend's house and this kid was there. We were hooking up in like his grandma's room. Oh. Oh. Sexy. So I remember very few things from this evening, but I remember like the, my friend's mom, so not this kid, I was hooking up mom coming in twice, being like, Remy, you have to be quiet. Like you were being very loud. And I just like something in my mind, something in my mind kept me like con ah, like continuously like going like I have no idea I'm sick.


And then, oh, I got you. What? And then I just somehow was up like left the kid, I guess I was too drunk, I don't even know. Was upstairs, like naked and I guess I was so like walking around this kid's house naked and I threw up in the sink I guess. But I left the sink on and fell asleep in the sink and I flooded the house. I literally like the pipes burst and like started, like the water started going over. The kid that I was hooking up with downstairs, like literally ruined the house. You just flood this man's house?


Yeah. What did you do in the morning? So I woke up in the morning and I like didn't wake up with that kid. I woke up with my best friend, poor guy. I feel like, like I've like woken up in this kid's bed naked for years. Never hooked up with him but like done something horrible. And I woke up and he is like, Remy, like you have no idea what you did last night. I'm like, wait, what? What are you talking about? And the mom comes in and was like, you literally flooded him to my house. Like we like don't even know what to do. Like it's horrible. Like you were so drunk, whatever. And then the kid comes in like the hot guy that I was hook up with like in a towel. And he is like, you remember what you did last night? I'm like, wait, Ew. Like I hate everything about you. Anyways, what makes this story better is I look at my phone and my mom's like, are you dead?


Blah, blah, blah. Like freaking out. So I call her and I'm like, she's like, where are you? I thought you died. You said you were coming home. And I'm like, mom chill. And at Joe's like, I'm fine. And I wasn't gonna tell, I tell my parents a lot, but I wasn't gonna tell them what happened 'cause they know the family and whatever. And then my other guy friend came over late at the night and he is like, oh, I can't believe you flooded whatever's house. And my parents were like, what? Remy? And yeah, it was just like amazing. And this, that kid that I hooked up with. Yes. Obviously I like love telling stories. So I told a bunch of my friends this story of course. And I get a text from that kid literally the next morning. Like, shut your mouth, stop telling everyone we had sex. Like relax. You're Actually the last part of the story. I can't even, I honestly don't even remember the dick that I was sitting on.


It was more about the flood. Right. And like the ambiance of the entire house that I was fucking up. That is fucking incredible. Did you ever talk to the guy again? We're friend. We're friends now. Okay. Okay. For a while we didn't, he's probably not gonna talk to me after years's the story, but I don't really care. I think. I think that, and it was just like amazing. Like I sent, I worked at Bravo at the time and like had to send flowers from like my boss's office, like to the house. Like I, it was just so bad because they called me next day. They were like, you're gonna have to pay for all of this. And then luckily the flowers helped and I didn't have to. But the point is that there's like, I don't need to tell them, but there's 10 million more of those stories because ev for some reason nothing normal ever happens to me. Like every time I do hook up with guys, it's always some weird guys like to do freaky things to me like, but it's amazing because I have like all these wild stories, but I just feel like it always happens to me.


So I just like, that's why it's like kind of fun to keep going with the like whole fun thing. 'cause like, I don't know if I get a B boyfriend or those stories about they end happen anymore For a little bit and then it ends. Okay. And then it's just, you know, happiness and love. Yeah. Who wants that? Boring. Who do you go to for dating advice? I'm trying to think. Like this week if I texted anyone texting, oh I'd love to my sister-in-law 'cause she's always been a fuck girl. Okay. So in between her boyfriends, she's like a fuck girl. And then like a lot, it just like sucks. A lot of my friends have serious, serious relationships. Okay. And it doesn't make me wanna have them. Like, it makes me more like, like it, I'm like happy for them. But it never makes me feel like shit, I'm missing out.


I need something more. Like I'm content where I'm at. But something someone said to me which was like very, I dunno, you could tell me if it's true or not, but like was like, we're at the age where it's like it shouldn't be a game. Like if you show you're interested and they're interested back, like that will maybe go somewhere. Like why does it have to be like, he's not interested? So I'm gonna make him more interested. 'cause I am a little messed up where I want what I can't have. Just because I've always had shitty relationships. Like in college, like I, I like, I would hook up with people that are mean to me. Like for four years I hooked up with this guy in college that treated me like shit made me go home at 4:00 AM I was not allowed to sleep over. And we just had like insane sex. But he was like, I'm not trying to be rude, but like way below me.


Right. So I always like shoot lower and it's something freaky I do. But I'm like, I only know games. And I think I'm like a little tired of it. There's always gonna be games. It's just the level of which you're like stressing yourself out. And if the games feel so like inauthentic, don't fucking do them. But if it's to push yourself a little bit to like, I'm actually gonna message him that's a game. Or hold back on tax. That's a game. But keep it like authentic to yourself. But do you think that you should be even in your mind at this point with anyone being that? I mean, I'm 27, it's not like I'm that old, but like, do you think you should be even thinking like, should I text him? Should I not? Or like lean into like, oh, I'm gonna text him because I can.


No, like, I don't know. I think no and yes, like I kind of said like, yeah, if you think you're gonna text him that day, sure. Like I said, maybe don't text him at 10:00 AM but you're like, I'm gonna text him. I don't give a fuck. But like, maybe I'm gonna wait. 'cause we just fucked three hours earlier I got home. I have quite literally like, come and throw up in my hair. I'm gonna go shower first before I'm like, what are you doing tonight? But I hate when people are like, it's no games. Dating is a fucking game. I love how I threw this away. I need to ask you a question. I'm like dating. Okay, Remy, this fall you will be launching your own line with Revolve. How would you describe the line you're designing? Well, this is one of the pieces You walked in and I was like, I was like, wait no one, I'm like way too overdressed for Call Her Daddy.


No, this is the goal. I wa I've been looking at you and you're glistening and you're amazing and you look incredible. And this dress is incredible. I walked out freaking out to my system. Like, I look like I'm going to a nightclub. Like I was like, is not right. Like I Don't Call Her Daddy bitch. I love it. Anyways, I love it. I, it's a pretty big collection. Okay. There's gonna be two different drops might be before Fall. I like did the fitting for everything. Like I was very, very a part of the process with Revolve. I'm super excited. It's gonna be X extra, extra small to four x, four x in most styles because it was three x. And because we got a lot of feedback, I got them to go to a Forex and everything like is something I would wear. Everything is something that fits me great. And like, I'm just like really excited to share it with everyone.


I can't fucking wait to see the tiktoks. Are you gonna do halls of your own clothes on TikTok? Yeah. Dude, you have to bring the same energy. You're gonna like, this is the do we what do you have certain like, like names? Let's Actually do it today. In this. You should. Yeah. There's a name for each. And I like named after like my family, my friend, my mom's like, if you change the name of the Adina duster, I'll kill you. She's like, I came up with the duster. I'm like, chill. It's yours. Like relax. It must be like kind of surreal though. Like that's fucking dope. Yeah, I, the way that Revolve found me is basically being like, do better. Like these clothes don't fit. I wish I could wear your clothes. Like never think thinking that they'd hate me. And they actually, the reason I respect them is because they came, they reached out to me that day when I had like 200 k before I truly blew up.


And was like, we've been trying to do this. We need your help. Like we wanna do this line with her. Like literally that day That encompasses everything we were talking about. There's gonna be people that don't want to change and then they're gonna be people like Revolve that are like, let's go Remy. Yeah. Like let's Fucking go. And I think that's a part of the thing where, you know, they get a lot of, you know, negative feedback for not being inclusive and whatever. But any brands that are trying to change now and want me a part of the change, just like I'm a brand ambassador and size consultant for Pink. Maybe they haven't done it in the past, but a lot of these employees have changed. A lot of them want change. Now if it's three years from now when they were asking me, I would feel very differently. But I do think that this is a time where finally people are making moves and feel like they're able to.


And I'm not gonna say no, I wanna be a part of the change. People come at me saying like, you're not doing enough. You should do more. I'm, I'm doing the best I can and I don't care. I'd rather be a part of something. Are they making an effort? Is it bullshit? Like once Revolve launches this brand, they need to have more curvy girls on their trips or I won't go on them. Like people think that I'm not saying these things. Like I am fully sharing these things, saying what I see in my comments. Like I want this to be the best for everyone, not just myself. Remy Vader, thank you for coming on. Call Her Daddy. It truly was a pleasure for having me. You're amazing. I love you. I love you.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcasts on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.