
Have you ever had the best first date? And then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst.


The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters. April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Megan and producers of a quiet place, audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


Today the beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to. America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites. Now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can, bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices the better.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lie Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol-free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up? Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Rob, welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Rob. Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob. Rob, I feel like so many women around the world right now have so many feelings and emotions towards you. So today we're gonna really peel back the onion and we're gonna get into it. So that's good. That's good. Good luck. Okay.


As women, we are constantly on the move. We're doing so many things. We are juggling life. And if you are gonna wear all the hats, daddy Yang, at least have a wardrobe that helps. Check all your boxes.


Travis Matthew creates versatile products designed to help you look and feel your best no matter the activity. From sunrise coffees to school pickups to dinner dates, experience a pant truly made for all day, every day. And no matter where your day goes, you can stay in perfect comfort in the cloud collection. You might fall in love, but that's okay. Rewards members receive free shipping and free returns. You guys know I am quite literally all about comfort. Like I feel like I live my life by being like, am I putting this on and am I going to be comfortable? That's how I know if I'm putting it on, I must be comfortable. And Travis Matthew hits in the comfort but versatility department, I totally understand. You need to have something. Even if you're going to a meeting, can you wear this and also lounge in it? That is the true master of comfort. Travis Matthew Apparel designed for confidence and comfort no matter where the day takes you. Visit travis matthew.com and receive 20% off your first order when you sign up for email, that's T-R-A-V-I-S-M-A-T-H-E w.com.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by SoFi, the next gen finance app where you can bank, borrow and invest all in one place. Daddy Gang. Here's the thing, managing your finances is so, so, so important. And Sofi can help. When I think about myself, when I was living in New York, when I got outta college, all these things, even now it's like I am actively trying to figure out am I managing my money correctly? And I think a lot of times none of us went to college for this. Or maybe we weren't taught it or you did, but you just feel like you need that extra help. Sofi just launched Sofi Plus, which is America's most rewarding financial membership, all in one app. With SoFi Plus, you can unlock over $1,000 in value across banking, investing, spending, and more from unlocking the highest a PY on bank savings to unlimited one-on-one sessions with SoFi's Wealth financial planners. Sofi Plus adds up Daddy Gang, take care of your money. Make some money. Okay. To celebrate Sofi is giving away a total of $600,000 to help six winners achieve America's top ambitions from buying a home to fast tracking retirement. So are you ready Daddy Gang, sign up for Sofi plus at Sofi dot com slash Call Her Daddy by May 14th to be entered for a chance to win. And for every friend you refer, you earn an additional entry just $10 a month or at no cost with direct deposit.


So you just got off the plane from Fiji, you came directly here after getting eliminated. How has it been like acclimating to the real world? It's really, really strange. One of the big things is like neon isn't on everything. Like neon signs, like the lights there. I got really used to just seeing that every day. I got to my hotel room and I was like, it's so dark in here. I Had to like pause. I, I didn't know what you were fucking saying. You're saying like the way the villa looks is so bright. Yeah. You get used to it. You get used to like just being around like literally there's a neon sign on every surface. Like it's like lights up. Right? And I got out and I was like, it's so dark out here. Okay. That's not kind of what I was asking though. Oh, what do you wanna know? I just, I don't know. When you got your phone back. Oh right.


How did you like handle all of it? Like what did you first do when you got your phone? I called my family. You called your family? I called my family. They gave me my phone on the way to the airport and I knew I wasn't gonna have service. So I called my family in like a group chat, FaceTime, you know? Yeah. Immediately I, I saw all their faces and I was really nervous 'cause I was like, I, I was either worried that they were gonna be like, Hey Robert, how are you? But they were all like, hey, like they were so happy to see me and they seemed like, they're like, we're so proud of you. Like you did so good. You were yourself the whole time. And I was like, oh, what a relief. Okay, good. Well 'cause you thought there was a chance they were gonna be like, you ruin our family's reputation. Yeah. You dragged our name through the record. Well, Like I just didn't know. Like I didn't know. 'cause like it's a TV show, right? Yeah. I know what happened.


I was there. Yeah. I knew that I was authentic the whole time. Right. But it can get clipped and it can get edited and it like Yeah. You know. Have You checked your dms yet? Well what's going on in there, Rob? It's honestly like at this point, like too much to even, it's just refresh and then it's like a new page. Do you have any like celebs in there? I had a really good conversation with Noah from Stranger Things. Oh what? That's so random. I You wanna hear what I said to him Please? I said the funniest thing back and I think it went over his head, but it was so funny. And then we just talked about the show. Like he was just a big fan and I just talked to him about it. Oh wait, should I not say it?


Well he just said he just, it was fine. He said, I love you on On Love Island. You stole my heart. And I said, oh thank you so much. I love Stranger Things. Thank you. Noah Schnapp from the hit TV show. Stranger Things. I just gave him back like a bot response. I thought it'd be really funny. And he just said, thanks Rob. You and Lee showed on one and then we just talked about the show for a while. Is that like so surreal that like you have someone like that in your dms? Yeah, it was also worse that like, I just didn't even think about it and I was talking to him and then my sister was like, what are you doing? And I was like, I'm actually having just a casual conversation with the guy from Stranger Things right now. But it was funny. Have any women slid in A few? I'm pretty sure. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Any that you're like, oh.


Hmm. Well I think right now at this point in time, I'm, I'm pretty like emotionally drained. I don't know if I'm ready for anything that You're not ready. Yeah. But like, good to know they're there. Whatever you wanna call it. I saw that everyone was like up in Arms on the internet about you got outta the villa and you followed Leah and then eventually you followed all of the rest and Andrea and all of them. Yeah. But does it freak you out that like all everyone is like seeing everything you're doing? Or do you love the attention? Come on Rob, look what you're wearing. You love the attention. I had to wear them. Okay. Don't come for the overalls. I had to wear them. Oh, I saw the memes and everything and I was like, bro, I was like, you know, might as well.


Okay. First talk to me about the overalls for a second. Okay. So you did bring other clothes obviously, but like was this the first thing you packed? No, I didn't even plan on wearing these. So I brought these. So Love Island. Usually the intro is you're like doing your job and you get a text and you're like, oh, time to go to the villa. Yeah. So I was that. That's what these were for. Oh. Do you wear these when you wrangle the snakes? Sometimes. Yeah. Oh, often? Sometimes. Okay. Yeah, so, so yeah. So I brought 'em for that part. Okay. And then I was like, ah, fuck it. So I just threw 'em in the villa bag that goes in and then I wore 'em and I was like, dude, this is the move because Fiji's really hot. Right, right. And I didn't have to wear pants a shirt basically. Yes, it was like pants a little, but it's very breathable.


It was comfortable. But were you feeling yourself in it too? Like did you think the ladies were gonna love the overalls? No. No. Definitely not. They. Okay. They didn't like 'em there like okay. It wasn't a no. Are you currently doing Dion D? Currently? I'm not Dion D. And what Is Dion D to people that maybe didn't watch the season of Love Island? Dion D is dick on denim. And Can you talk about that? 'cause it feels a little bit masochistic. It feels a little bit like rug burn. Do you know? No, No, no. It's not like that. You should, well you can't try it, but, oh, I would encourage anyone out there to try DD with a penis. It's, yeah, your penis list. So it's not gonna work for you. But it's breathable and like, it's just nice. Why did You choose to wear underwear today? Well, I'm wearing my lucky underwear. I thought I might need it.


What is your lucky underwear? You want? See? You don't need to show me. You don't have to show me. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. So that kind of sounds like a little bit of a kink. Like you like your dick on denim. What is some like weird shit that you like in the bedroom that's maybe a little like unexpected? I'm not gonna tell you that. Yeah, you have to. Oh, okay. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, That's what Call Her Daddy is. You have to tell me. Oh, okay. What's something like a little like off the beaten path that you liked in the bedroom? Off the beaten path? What? Come on, go on. These are, this is what the ladies want Met you like, But you, everyone in America knows you. You, you just met me. I know. You, You don't, you think you know me. I know you. You know my story. No, no.


You know I name my story but you don't know me. No, no. I saw you in the heart rate challenge. I've seen you in your cowboy outfit. I know you're getting up to some kinky shit in there. Gimme I, I mean, you're not lying. No, but like, I don't really wanna talk about it. Like, Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Gimme like a little hint. I like to have sex, Rob. I like sex. Okay. Did it in the beginning of the vow, you, I think it was Andrea, you looked at her and you were like, I'm sorry. Like I have an ejaculated in a really long time. Like I'm having a hard time playing That you don't understand. I saw a clip of that and, and I think that really was a part of why I was so emotional. Going into love island is crazy.


You don't understand. You're on no sleep. Yeah. You have no alone time, which is huge for me. 'cause that's how I process my emotions. I have to be alone. Okay. So I couldn't figure my shit out. And also I was horny as fuck. Well, you eventually came. We'll talk about that. Okay. Are you enjoying the attention or is it freaking you out? It's freaking me out. Okay. What Is the biggest turnoff to you? Bad breath. Did someone have bad breath in the villa? I'm not, yeah, but I'm not telling you. No. No. And did everyone know about it? No. Only you? No. It wasn't in D Villa. Fuck. I can't say it anymore. Okay. Moving on. All right. How do you think the women, obviously like everyone's having feelings about you as you've gotten your phone.


How do you think the women are feeling about you in America? Okay. Basically I'm a toxic gas lighter, but I'm hot enough that it doesn't matter. That's like the, that's it. That's the consensus I've gotten. I've seen so many tiktoks of like, this man is a red flag. He's terrible. I hate him. I can't stop looking at him. I love him so much. Like, it's like just weird. How does that make you feel? I feel like it's not true. Oh. But it kind of true. I'm not like, I don't feel like I gas, I don't feel like, I don't Feel like I do, but maybe I do. I don't know. I, that's exactly how I felt. I haven't processed it yet. Right. Like I def did I do everything right? Absolutely not.


Right. Did I make mistakes? A hundred percent. Do I regret things? I did. I think every decision I made, I would've eventually made. I think I was put in these like small timeframes where my issue was my communication. Okay. And it partly was because I didn't know how I was feeling. Okay. To your credit, I will say to you, I feel like you were upfront at all times with everyone. And maybe you weren't like The most articulate in like long form sentences about it. But you did tell people upfront how you were feeling in moments. Definitely. Even if it upset people. Definitely. Which I feel like there were other people in the villa that like would skirt around the truth because they knew it was gonna hurt someone. Really. It's like just tell people the fucking truth so you don't look like a piece of shit because all of this is on camera.


Right. You know what I mean? Exactly. Okay. I agree with you on the conflicted thing. I think people are like, I'm in love with him, but I feel like he'd break my heart slash maybe he's a little bit of a red flag. What is it like to date you, Rob? Take us through the journey. Like what do you think it's like to date you? Hmm. I don't love people. Okay. I'm not a people person, but I love my friends. Hmm. How do I get into this? Okay, let's say, alright, let's say we're gonna go on a date. Okay. Let's just say first date. Okay. I would like, prefer to do something where it's just the two of us and like quiet. We get to know each other. Like, I'm not like a big concert guy.


Yeah. I don't like going to the club. I would go to a bar, but even then I'm like, there's too many people here. So what's your ideal first date? I would say like a picnic. A picnic. I like a good picnic. Okay. Go to the creek. Go to the creek. Go to the river. Go the beach. Okay. Bodies of water are typically good for picnics. Okay. I find. Okay. Okay. I guess if all of your exes were in this room right now, what would they say about you? I think the, my last girlfriend would have a lot of good things to say and a lot of bad things to say. The one before that. Same. I think same. I think, I think with my last relationship, I mean, I don't wanna talk too much 'cause like that's her business too.


But like, I think the wheels kind of fell off at the end and it went longer than it should have. And I think that was like, really, it came down to like communication and, and I think it was hugely on me. And it's like one of my biggest regrets is like putting her through the months of like, the end of our relationship. Like Yeah. 'cause I did love her and like I, I fully believe she loved me too. And it was like, just knowing you did that to someone that you care about, what You just like, weren't communicating with her how you were feeling? I, I just was like depressed. Okay. And that's not an excuse. Yeah. When you care about somebody, you still have to like figure that out. But like, I, I didn't know how I felt about myself and I just couldn't give her what she needed and I just sort of walked away way sooner.


How long was that relationship? It was about two years. Okay. Is that your Longest? Like, on and off? Like, we broke up, we got back together. It was one of those, It wasn't a lot. Okay. I think we broke up twice. Okay. But like, yeah. It wasn't like back and forth, back And forth. Yeah. How long has been your longest relationship? That Okay. So it was communication Largely. Okay, We'll get back to that. This was not your first time on Love Island. You were in Casa Moore last season, but you didn't make it outta the villa. Why did you wanna go back to the show? I just, they called me. They said, what are you doing? And I was literally saving a turtle, crossing the road. I was in a great mood. I was on my way to Arkansas to go catch a bunch of snakes.


I was wearing these overalls, like true story. I was wearing these overalls. I had just caught a copperhead. I was on cloud nine. I was having a great day and someone called me, they're like, Hey Rob, what are you doing? You single? I said, why are you interested? And, and they're like, no, you wanna come back to Love Island? I was like, I thought about it and I was like, you know what? Like my plan for the summer was just to catch snakes all summer and just like make videos and stuff. And I was just like, ah, fuck it. Like I'm not really doing anything. Might as well. I'd love to find a girlfriend. Didn't work out. So you were looking for a girlfriend. Were you looking for a wife or do you, you not, you think you're there yet? I'm looking for a girlfriend that I would marry. Okay. Like, like I do. I'm like dating to marry at this point.


Okay. And that's why I'm not wasting anyone's time. Like, I'm not gonna get into something that I, if at any point I don't see that future progressing to that. Yeah. Like, I'm gonna get out. How Many times have you been in love? I think once. Okay. I told two of my girlfriends that I loved him and I think I meant it with the girl. Yeah. But then I, I realized I really meant it with the Last. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think that your ex-girlfriend watched the season of Levi Island? No. Definitely not. But she definitely saw stuff. Okay. It's time to live. Relive it. Let's go through it. Let's go through Love Island. Let's still don't look so sad. Kinda Like this candle, if for Sure. Do we have a lighter? You don't Need one. There's A message, right? Oh, I don't know if you can do how? I don't think it will work.


They're not striking Anywhere, I don't think. I don't think so. Oh, okay. You're trying to set the vibe so you can like be calm. Yeah. I'm just calming down. But Are you anxious right now? It just, I'm just uncomfortable. Why? I don't know. I like you though. Okay. I like you too. Do you wanna like, no, I'm fine. Take your shoes off. No. Or do you want like a blanket? Do you want anything to make you cozier? Don't be anxious, I promise you. Okay. You're doing great. Oh, Thanks. You're doing really good. We've got a blankie. No, It's okay. I don't need, no, I don't need a blanket. No. Why Are you uncomfortable? I Just, I just, I'm not uncomfortable. Yeah. I'm, I lied. Okay. I'm fine.


So you are a liar. I'm just kidding. Okay. But you're just uncomfortable 'cause this is a lot for you. It's like new. It's Very fresh. And like I said, like it takes me a while to process. Yeah. My emotions and how I feel about everything. And right now, I think some of the things I'm not, like, I'm not, I haven't processed it, so like, I get it. This is, I mean, I just got back from Fiji, I just left. Yeah. And so like right now it's, it makes me nervous to talk about these things because like emotions are kind of high and like, I just don't wanna like, Okay. Well I think it's, you know. Yeah. I think it's fair that we can say for everyone watching, like to clarify again, like you literally got on a plane, you got your phone on your way to the airport, you got on the plane, you landed here, and we're doing this.


Like, this is not like a month later or even like a week later. Like you have barely had time to like even see all the fan edits on TikTok. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, this is fresh. So I think that's good to clarify. And like, when we're talking about this, it's almost like you're still on the island and I'm sure if I interviewed you a month from now, you're gonna have a complete different perspective. That's Exactly what I'm thinking. For sure. And so, like, that makes me nervous. Like we'll do A follow up. Okay. So we'll compare notes from now to a month from now. Okay. Or a year from now. Where will Rob be in a year from now? We'll talk about it. Okay. You get into the Villa, you're an original cast member, and the first person that you are coupled up with on day one is Leah. Mm. What was your first impression of her?


I really liked her a lot. I felt like I, I think it's pretty obvious that I'm a bit odd and I can be hard to read. And I think it's hard for people to understand me, especially my humor. She got it right away. And I loved that. I loved that. And I also thought she was really funny. And obviously she's gorgeous. But seriously, from the first night when I walked in there, we just kept like locking eyes. Yeah. And I was like, man, I really hope that we get coupled up tonight. And that we did. And How long were you guys in the villa alone together before Andrea came in? Two days? Well like, yeah. Technically like, it felt like a week, but it wasn't because Liv came in and stole me first. Right. But that was like, I mean, like, I was with like, there was never a moment where I thought I was gonna go with Liv instead of Leah.


Got it. Like, it kind of got clipped that way. But like I was telling Leah the whole time, I was like, you have nothing to worry about. You have nothing to worry about. Because I was shocked when Liv picked me. Yeah. Like, we all were, we all were so sure she was gonna pick Kindle. Yes, I agree. I I was pretty shocked too. Yeah. And then you were like, you and Leah were pretty upset. Like you wanted to make your way back to each other kind of, and like we could feel that in the beginning. I think we could all feel like you guys really liked each other. Yeah. And you guys shared a brain cell. Can you fucking explain what that means? I don't, I don't remember how that went down. I just know that it was a thing and that we would give it to each other when we were talking because we were like, it was a lot. I mean like, we didn't sleep the first night. Like we were like, it's insane. I'm telling you it's an insane experience that's like built to get your emotions up.


Yeah. Which is like, is good. That's how it works. It's like putting a relationship in a microwave. Like, you know, someone for a week, you feel like you've known for a month. Like it's crazy. Well then Andrea comes in and I remember you're sitting at the fire pit and you're like, oh my God, that is The most gorgeous woman I've ever seen in my life. Did I Say that actually? Yeah. Yeah. You said that you were at the fire pit and you turned to the guys. You're like, that's The most gorgeous woman I've ever seen in my life. You also told they, They put in the whole quip clip because it was that I said, I hope she has a terrible personality. You Did say you did. Yeah. Yes. And then, but you also told Leah that you weren't attracted to blondes. I don't like blondes. So then what was different about, She's not a blonde, she's burnette. Oh, she has blonde hair, but she's not a blonde. Okay.


Yeah. She's got brown eyes, dark features. She's not a blonde, But she's currently a blonde. Yeah. But it doesn't ha, come on. It's not the hair. No. No. I was just, that's not what makes you blonde or Burnett? No, to me. Okay. I was just curious because obviously Leah was like, what the fuck? He said he wasn't into blondes. Yeah. And then we have Liv and then we have Andrea. Yeah. Well Also like, I don't follow like a rubric of like she has blonde hair done. Like that's not, I don't really, when people ask me, I say I don't have a type. Okay. But I do typically like brunette's more. Okay. Like my track record. Definitely more burn, more brass. Yeah. So when Andrea comes in, what was your first impression? Like during your first conversations with her First conversation? It was nice, but it wasn't like romantic.


Like I didn't feel I enjoyed talking to her. Okay. Like we apparently talked for like a really long time. Yes. And I didn't realize that we were talking that long. So like it went really well, but it wasn't like, like it wasn't like I was, I was still like pretty all in on Leah at that point. Okay. You can imagine how that's confusing though. 'cause you were spending a lot of time with her. Well we had, we literally just had that one convo. That was it. Yeah. Before, before the next day she took me on a date. But that night we just had one conversation. Conversation, Conversation. Yeah. And so you decided to be upfront with Leah that you were kind of feeling Andrea in that moment, which I do think everyone like appreciated that you were upfront about it. You were like, I'm really still feeling you Leah, but I do wanna get to know her and I'd be lying if I didn't.


Were you afraid to have that conversation with Leah? Of course. 'cause I didn't want to hurt her. I still really liked her. Like, I was like, and that's how something I think that people don't understand. Like there was never a point where I stopped liking Leah and when, well, I guess we'll get to that, but Yeah. Okay. But as you can imagine from Leah's perspective, like that sucks to be like, gonna get to know someone and it's like, oh fuck, I'm not good enough that like, you wanna go try something different, obviously. Were you worried that you would lose her? Yeah, definitely. It was stressing me out. Like it was stressing me out because I was, I told myself that I was going to get to know every girl and I was gonna try to figure out who was gonna be my best, best match, no matter how much I liked the girl I was with.


Okay. Because that's what the love island experience, that's what you're supposed to do. Yep. And that, you know, that's what they tell you. And I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna do that. And so I I I was like, I gotta, and, and it was like a good enough conversation where I was like, I'm giving this a chance. Like I'm just gonna see where it goes. The love island experience is odd. Like, it's super odd. It's, it's not normal. Like in the real world when you're single, you Would never do that. But are you usually at least talking to like a couple people at once? Like, do you have like a little roster? Not really. I'm not really like, I don't like talking to people that much. So like, it's usually Are you bad texter? Yeah, I'm terrible on the phone. Oh yeah. So how do you communicate with your girlfriends?


Calling FaceTime is usually much Better calling. Are you a facetimer or a caller? I'm a caller, but I will FaceTime. Okay. 'cause Yeah. Okay. So in real life though, you don't usually have like a couple women. Are people gonna come forward and be like, what are you talking About? I mean, yeah. Like it's, it's definitely, it's definitely happened. Like I've definitely been right. But I mean, that's when you're single, like yeah, you're gonna get to know multiple people at a time. But like, it's not like I've never like dated multiple women. Would you consider yourself a romantic person? Yeah, I'm a romantic at heart for sure. What Is The most romantic thing you've ever done for a girl? Probably Took her to catch turtles at 2:00 AM Do you think that was your dream or her dream? I don't know. It seemed pretty special to me. You went to the moon was out and it was like, it was really nice.


I enjoyed it a lot. It's quiet. It's kind of scary. So she's like, wants to be close and it's like, I don't know, turtles are cute and Stuff. They are cute. Yeah. That's cute. I don't know. The most romantic thing. I can't think of that off the top of my head. I, I used to, I like making things a lot. Okay. Like what? I made a emerald necklace for my first girlfriend from an emerald that I mined in North Carolina, I think. Wow. That's romantic. Yeah. I I like making stuff. I'm, I'm crafty like that. Okay. Yeah. That's a good answer. Okay. Back to Love Island. Okay. The love triangle was clearly short-lived.


And can you walk me through the infamous conversation with Leah where she goes to basically confront you and is like, Hey, what the fuck? Like, I feel like you're spending time with her and then it blows up and the whole thing. Just, it was basically like the last conversation that ended your guys' relationship romantically. Yeah. Oh wait. Oh, the one where I jumped in the pool? Yes. Okay. That was kind of like, yeah, I know the breaking point. Okay. Take me to that conversation. It wasn't, it wasn't for me at all. If it seemed that way. That's not how it was really. Okay. It was like, I don't know. I haven't seen it, so I don don't know. But I've seen clips obviously like on TikTok and stuff. Yeah. I feel like it was condensed down to like, I don't know how long, but like, it was a pretty long conversation that slowly got worse and worse and worse and worse.


And it was kind of like Leah was coming at me like saying what she was saying, which I thought was like, perfectly valid. And I kept telling her that. I was like, I get where you're coming from and like, I'm trying to see from your perspective. 'cause I get that this is hurting you. It would hurt me too if I was in your shoes. And then every time I tried to talk she kept like cutting me off and she wouldn't let me speak. And, and then it started, I started getting emotional and then I was like, I just need to step away. And then I started crying and I was like, bro, what the fuck are you doing? And I think just crying induced like a panic attack. Like I was just, I was, I was fully freaking out. Fully freaking out. And then I kind of got it together.


I went back down, sat with her and she just started talking again. Like saying the same things and, and just didn't like ask like, what, what set me off was, she just didn't ask me like how I felt, which I think that triggered a lot of people. They were like, it matters more what she, she feels in that moment and a hundred percent I was the one causing the situation. Yeah. And I, I was taking responsibility for that. I was trying to, but also like, I just needed someone just to check on me in that, in that moment. And I, and for me up until that moment, she was that person and I kind of felt like just that she didn't care at all. Which isn't true. Yeah. It was just, she was really upset and she rightfully so. I feel Like that was like a classic, like you both were so hurt and when you were both speaking to each other, you both needed the other one to validate the other one.


And you both were so hurt that like you couldn't do that because you needed the person to be like, no, you're right. And neither of you could give that because you were so upset. Yeah. But why do you think you had a panic attack? Like, what was it that was causing you so much angst? It was everything. It was, it was knowing that I was gonna have to choose between these two girls. One that I just met, but I was really like, wanna give a chance and I liked and then Leah that I've just been so it's been great the whole time. Yeah. And honestly like, I had no idea what I was gonna do. Yeah. I really like, I like, and I didn't know it's very short windows of time where you have to make decisions and stuff and like I knew Leah wasn't going anywhere. Yeah. So I don't know. I fucked up. I was just like, I think honestly had that not happened, I probably would've stayed with Leah, I think.


'cause that was, after that happened, I was like, I was like, well that was terrible. And then at that point, like my head was, I feel like after that my gut was telling me like, like, you should just go with Andrea. But my head was still like, you really get on with Leah. Yeah. Like, it's really good. But I was hurt and I sh I, I wish I could have just something I needed to hear in that moment that I wish someone would've came up into me and said was advice that I gave everyone else later down the road was, you need to just take yourself out of love island for like 10 minutes and just realize you just met these girls.


It's not that big of a deal. Why are you so emotional? Like really like pick it apart. Because I didn't know. I was like, why am I crying so much? I like, and I, I thought that, but I didn't take myself out of it completely. And I think if I had done that, I think it would've been a lot different. Okay. But to your guys credit, like it's like you guys are in this like experiment box and like you can't take yourself out of it. That's the Yeah. Beauty and the hard part of it. Like, I get it, you're like, wait, if I had gotten to just like go home for five minutes and like talk to my family and hung out, I would've come back in and been like, listen ladies, like let's all get to know each other. It's not that deep whoever picks who, right. Like, we're all still here. Right. Let's just keep hanging. Right. Like, we've known each other for 24 hours.


Like, but in the moment it's so intense because it's also fucking with people's like time while you're there and can someone almost get sent home. Like, it's so many dynamics that like it is heightened. You made a pretty fucked comment in that conversation about how there was no sexual connection. I did not Say that. Yeah. I did not say there's no sexual connection. You weren't feeling the sexual connection between you and Leah. Did I say those words? Yes. Was exactly what I said. You said, I mean, we can cl look it up. You said basically like you were not feeling the sexual relationship. I, yeah, it was, I felt like our, we weren't like, we didn't know what each other wanted.


Like, it was kind of like a weird thing because You guys like you had made out, right? Yeah, we made out like a couple times and it was good. It wasn't bad. I was just like, I don't know why that came up. But, but yeah, I was just letting her know like, I, I'm, and that it there, like you said, anything you don't say to somebody is wasting their time. And like, like I felt like I needed to be as transparent with everyone as I could. And So what were you feeling? 'cause you clearly have a sexual connection with her. No. Or no? Yeah. But it wasn't like, I feel like we didn't click sexually. Does that make sense? Found her really attractive. Everything. But when we kissed and stuff, it was like, it felt like she was holding back. Hmm. She told me and she said, she was like, she said, oh, that's because she said it was because the first night when we had our first kiss, I said, please be gentle.


I was joking before we kissed. And she said, that's why she said that from then on she like, would like hesitate like kissing me and stuff. And she said that was why. And do you think if that I Was like, I was like, well that makes sense. 'cause that's what it felt like. It felt like she was holding back. I couldn't tell if she wanted to kiss me whenever we would, we'd like make out. And I'm like, does she wanna stop? Like I couldn't tell. Like it was really weird. And I'm glad I told her because, well, I don't think we made out again after that, but Aw. But I, I told her that and she was like, oh yeah, I was holding back because you said that the first time we kissed. I was like, that was a joke. Because I think obviously like that sucked to see because I on her side, just like, as a girl, you're like, fuck. Like there's no rebuttal. Yeah.


It's like saying you have no chemistry with someone. Like Yeah, but am I wrong for like telling her that? No, no, No. Yeah. And I think she understandably was so upset by that comment and then she slept outside that night. 'cause I think she went to Serena after that and was like, I literally feel like, what the fuck? Like I feel like gross. Like I'm like, oh my God, am I not sexually attractive to him? But that's not what you were saying. Not at all. And I told her that, okay, you gotta understand these conversations. They're like max five minutes long. Shortened. Yeah. That was at least an hour. Yeah. At the very least. It was probably more of us talking up there In that moment when I was watching. And you can clarify, it felt also, like you were saying that, and I could be wrong, but I feel like the viewers kind of felt this way.


And you, when you shared that with her, you used that an example of like why you basically were gonna maybe like try and make things work with Andrea. I mean maybe, but no, like, it was more of just telling her everything about us, like on the table. So if that did happen, like she understands where I'm at. Like I didn't want, I didn't wanna blindside anyone. And I feel like I, I ended up blindsiding her because I didn't get the chance to talk to her before the recoupling thing. That was like, that's one of my biggest regrets is I should have insisted because I, I wasn't able to get to her and I should have ins like been like, no, we're not like, I need to talk to Leah before this. Like, 'cause I knew it was gonna happen, but Yeah.


Can you explain that you weren't able to get to her? Like did they phy they physically put you in different rooms and you can't see people Oh. Or you're not allowed to talk about that it, I Can't talk about it. Oh yeah. Really? I feel like everyone knows that. Okay. So I'm gonna, You can't, it's, yeah, I can't. Okay. I'll just assume that you guys are like it separated first. Versa time. I mean, I wasn't able to talk to her. That's all I can say. Okay. Like, I didn't get the, I didn't get the chance. Okay. I didn't get the chance to talk to her. And can we just like finish the conversation on how everyone thought that you were potentially crying to manipulate the situation? I think a lot of people looked at the situation like, wow, he's in a position of power. He's getting to pick between these two women if anyone Can. And he's crying. Yeah. It's Ridiculous. And he's crying like, fucking Leah should be crying if anyone's crying. Yeah. But she didn't obviously. Yeah. And so people were struggling to know if the tears were genuine or if they were like a manipulation tactic to like make it look kind of like, oh I'm, this sucks for me too and like kind of get you out unscathed.


What do you say to that? That's completely not true. I mean, you can ask anyone that. I would never, never want to cry. Like, no. Okay. Definitely not. That was completely genuine. Okay. Unfortunately, I wish it didn't happen at all. The pool was there nowhere else to go. So this is one of those things I should, so in my head, I wasn't planning on going to the pool, but I saw it. I walked down the stairs, I saw it. I was like, oh, I had noticed earlier that day you could go up under the deck and there's no cameras, there's no mics. I just wanted to be alone. I was like, fuck this shit. And I was like, all right, I'm going in there. And so I took my clothes off, I jumped in, I went in there and then I got in there and I was like, they probably think I'm killing myself or something.


I was gonna say like, I was like, this is a terrible idea. This was an awful idea. So then I got out and then I just walked out. And that's what I should have done. I should have just walked out. 'cause I needed to be alone. That's what I needed. But I knew they were gonna stop me. I knew if I walked out, they were gonna like, stop me, whatever. But I knew there, I'd get in the pool, like, what are they gonna do? Fish me out. Like, but yeah, it was, it was, yeah. Hindsight not the best choice. What do you think your biggest flaw is when it comes to dating? Probably my biggest flaw. It's hard to pick one. Oh, Okay. Now list. List. A couple. We're here. I think, I think I definitely learned from this that I have an issue with letting people in and letting my walls down. I think I also struggle with like communication and I struggle with, I think I procrastinate my feelings.


I think I'm feeling them, but I don't, I don't process them in my brain until I have to. And that is probably one of the biggest things. Like, that's what I think happened with the Leah and Andre situation. Where I think if I had just like, but then again I was never alone and I have to be alone to do that kind of thing. And I think if I was able to do that, I could have been so much better. I could have communicated Leah a lot better because something about it is like, you can recouple, but it doesn't mean it's over. And I still had those feelings for Leah. And I think if I could have talked to her about it, I don't know what would've happened. But like, it would've been different. Why do you think you have such a hard time with letting people in? Probably just the Way I grew up. Okay. Probably just like share kind of, well, like I'm, I'm a family, I'm one of four and I was just always more the quiet one kept to myself.


Didn't really, I was just like the middle child. There's four of us. But I was like, you know what I mean? Like, I just was like kind of independent. And I think a lot of times I just felt like people didn't care. So like, I just didn't ever, and I still feel like that, I feel like the people don't care 'cause they don't, like, realistically, most people don't give a shit. Like they'll ask you, but they don't really care. So I just don't waste my time in telling people. Like, usually I just kinda like keep on going until I, I feel like it's something that matters, I guess. Yeah. You know? That's why I, I think it's only in one-on-one conversation that I can like actually let my will throw balls down on top because I think I, I gave every girl a chance and I tried my best. But I like, looking back, I was like, damn. Especially like after the Andrea and Leah thing, it just like tightened me up even more.


Like, because I, I hurt them and I knew that and I, it wasn't my fault. Like, yeah. I fucked up and I just, it was hard for me to like, keep going after that. I think people felt that you kind of like shut off after all that happened. Do you, are your parents still together? They got divorced like two years ago. Oh, I'm sorry. It's okay. What is your relationship like with your mom? It's really good. And your dad? It's Good. Okay. It's good. Yeah. My mom is a lot like me. She's like very witty and funny. She's hilarious. You would love her. And then my dad is really artistic and he's very handsome and that's like his thing.


He's really handsome. Yeah. And that's his thing. You Should, yeah. He he is but, well, no. And being an an artist. He's an artist. Okay. He's a photographer. So you kind of got like a little Bit of I did, I got both. I got both of those things. So that's good. I got, I got some of their best traits and I got both of their worst traits. What are their worst Traits? My mom is really emotional and sometimes says like, says and like, thinks things emotionally sometimes, which I do. Which I've really worked on. Like, I think. And then, yeah, I got some stuff from my dad too. You're like, I don't wanna say what I got from my dad moving on. That's fine. Yeah. I, I respect it. Is there a theme? I know you kind of talked about communication, but I wanna know a little bit more.


Like, is there a theme of why every relationship you've had has ended? Yeah. I think, I think there is. I don't, this is really gonna be sad, but it's just, I don't think that I can, I've, I've been able to let someone all the way in. And what do you feel when you like start? Like someone starts to get close To you. I feel like I reach a point and they keep going and I can't. Why do you think that is? I don't know. Try. I didn't know this was gonna be that deep. Also, I need to turn my phone off. Turn It off. You're not allowed to look at your phone when I ask you a deep question. Go ahead. Why do I think that is? I think I have, gosh, this is really, I thought this would be more fun. I don't know. It'll be good. It'll get fun.


I think I, I think I need therapy to be honest's more therapy's. Yeah. I think that's a good answer. Right? Yeah. I think I don't love me and I really don't give a shit what people say about me. 'cause most of the time I'm saying it to myself already. Like, when I got out, I saw all the horrible things people were saying about me and I was like, huh. Beat you to the punch. Like, I've been saying that shit this whole time. So I think I need to get over that before I can. Like really. And I've, I've, I'm a lot better. I'm way better than I used to be. I used to be like really bad. Like I'm my number one, I'm just hard on myself.


And I think that comes with being an artist. I, I consider myself an artist. I love creating things. I love making things. And I think that's just part of the mentality is like, you can always be better. Like it's never perfect. Yeah. Which is not a good mentality to have. Like you can't be perfect. It's literally impossible. But I know I'm very far from perfect and I'm starting to accept it more and more. And I think like, I don't know. I've, I've like hurt people in the past. Like I, like I said with my last girlfriend, like I fucking hurt her and it still tears me up. Like, and it's completely my fault. There's no one to blame but me. There's no good excuse for it. And it's just like, fuck. I just carry it around. I, yeah.


I appreciate though, and I think a lot of people watching this will appreciate Rob, that you're like, you do take accountability in what you're, you're saying, you're like, I know I fucked up. I know I'm the one that fucked up. I I want to like figure out my shit. There's so many people, one of your friends that we saw this season that like doesn't take accountability and is like acting like, no, I didn't do that. Like, what are you talking about? I didn't do that. Like, you're like, no, I did that and I fucked up and I don't know why the fuck I did that. Like, I think that's progress. I think that's like the first step to actually like understanding why the fuck you make certain decisions. Yeah. Right. I, I try to be a good person. I really do. Do I think I'm a good person?


Yeah. Actually, yeah. I do think I'm a good person. I, I, I think of others often and I try, but I'm not perfect and I mess up and I wanna be better, I guess is what I'm saying. Like, I, I'm, I've never been in a point in my life where I'm like, this is as good as it gets. I'm like this. But no, I, I always wanna keep getting better and I think I have. Do you think that this process made you realize more that you want to keep working on yourself? A Hundred percent. I mean, like, I, I was working on myself before it, but like that, that's one of the valuable things I got from this is I, I was able to look at myself in conflict. Like how do I react? Yeah. And like, when I'm angry, how do I react when I'm really hurt? Like I'm, I can literally go and watch it.


Like, yeah. And that's like super valuable. It really is. Because you can see. And that's something that Leah got from this too. Yeah. Because Leah was, I mean, she said some awful things about me and claimed to never have said them when she told, talked to me like what? That she said that was a little bitch and that I gave her the ick because of it. And like, just like some crazy shit that I've, I've, I mean, I've seen some clips, but she never admitted to that once until movie night. Like she, she said she didn't say that. And then at one point she was like, I may have said some things. And I was like, but I fully, fully believe Leah didn't, she didn't like, I think she says things that when she gets emotional and then it just never happened.


Like she doesn't actually feel it. She didn't say it. I think that kind of happens with her at least. I don't know in that, in that regard. I feel like your thing this season was like you run when things get a little hard, like you physically run under the pool, you would like walk away from things. You would go to soul ties by yourself and like stand there. And like, I think you do you do that in your real life. Like, do you kind of like remove yourself when things are getting a little complicated or heightened? I Would say yeah, at times. But also I would say I have to do that sometimes because like I said, I, I'm serious. If you were just sitting in a room with me, I wouldn't be able to think about my feelings. It's really weird. I, I'd really need to be alone to process how I'm feeling.


And journaling helps a lot. And you can, I couldn't do either of those things. Oh, you Couldn't Journal. You can't. No. 'cause Beach Hut is your journal. Sorry, I'm not supposed to talk about that. Oh, okay. Well it's like the cutaway, right? Oh, It's like you're confessional. Yeah. Is your Journal. Is your Journal. Yeah. Right. But staring into a camera is a little also Like IC the amount of things I've written in my journal that I don't mean you just say it to get it out and then I'm like, okay, I don't feel that way. Move on. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like that's just how I process. So you then couple up with Andrea and you were together for four days. Yep. And obviously like you went from being with Leah to then being with Andrea. Like what did you feel like was the core difference in those two relationships that you experienced?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by McDonald's. Which McDonald's breakfast order gets people out of bed the fastest. What do you think? Is it the golden brown hash browns? Is it the savory bacon, egg and cheese McGriddles or the fluffy hotcakes? If you answered all of the above, then you are correct. With McDonald's breakfast, you cannot go wrong. Even if you wanna pair a Diet Coke with your egg McMuffin. No judgment. Okay, wake up. It's time for McDonald's breakfast.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Pandora jewelry. Celebrate your unique story with Pandora jewelry crafted with meaning and exquisite artistry. From sparkling lab grown diamonds to vibrant, personalizing engravings and iconic charms, Pandora offers endless ways to express what's in your heart. Daddy Gang. Pandora's Rings, bracelets and necklaces are so fun to mix and match, stack and style. So every day it's a chance to be love. Let Pandora jewelry remind you that love starts with you. Shop in store or online@pandora.net.


You went from being with Leah to then being with Andrea. Like what did you feel like was the core difference in those two relationships that you experienced? So after like everything that happened with Leah, I was like, okay, I made the right decision. Like I just, that's just the way I saw it. I was like, I was like, this was nuts like this. We've not known each other that long. We had this whole thing, which it was mostly my fault. Yeah. Like I feel like it was mostly my fault that it happened that way. But I mean, I mean, she'll admit some fault in it as well, but it, I feel like it was mostly my fault, but it just didn't work. And I thought it was like, okay, our communication styles, whatever. I was like, I was like, okay, well I made the right choice. Like things with on gr Dre are really great. And it was, it was an amazing four days.


We had like, I was like smitten. Like I really was like, I was having a great time. And you can tell you Seemed It. You can tell. I just thought she was like, so ma, like, just good. Like, I don't know. I liked talking to her and I love the way she talked about her family and it just felt really romantic. Like it just felt romantic. Just like the best way I could put it. I felt romantic when I was with her In the moment of those four days. And I wanna clarify, 'cause I feel like a lot of people are like, you fucking knew each other for four days. Like four days seems like what in love island time. That's like a month. A month. Like a week. A week is like a month. It seriously is like, it feels like you've known them forever because literally you're with like, usually you date a girl, you may go on a date, you'll see her maybe next week or in a couple days or, and you're like, you'll text the whole time, whatever.


But like there you are with them. Yeah. At any opportunity you can, and you have to talk about how you feel about everything. You're immediately talking about how many kids you want. And then if so, if you like them, that progresses really, really fast. Yeah, That's a good point too. Like, women think about this. If you're listening, like you get upset after a fourth date, if a guy ghosts you and you're, 'cause you're like, well, we went on our fourth date, fourth date, fourth day for you. For almost 24 hours of basically hanging out, sleeping together, talking Like, oh, it's like our 20th day. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Okay. So it got super emotional. And then obviously when elimination came around, the girls decided to send Andrea home. Yeah. And the world was fucking shocked.


Like people online were like, this is the craziest episode that we've ever seen in Love Island history. Like, what the fuck? Yeah. And obviously you were shocked. What do you remember feeling when you heard her name called? At first, I was just mad. I was like, this makes no sense. This makes no sense. We had the strongest connection of most of the people in the villa at the time, like let alone who was up for elimination. And I was like, I was just baffled. I was baffled. I was like, how does this make sense? And then I was like, fuck it, I'm leaving. Yeah. So you immediately stood up and you were like, now you're sending three home. Like, Well, it wasn't immediate it that, that pro that's longer as well.


Okay. But it was edited. Like we're sitting there, we're talking, we're like, there's a back and forth between the girls and the guys. Okay, blah, blah, blah. And then finally, like, I'm sitting there and I'm like, all right, yeah. Nah. And then Aaron's like, no, no, no, no, no. Rob, Rob. No, no. And I got up and I was like, yeah, I'm leaving. So You say you're leaving. Yeah. And then you don't leave. Yeah. I understand you're rea like, explain your reasoning to maybe people that forget why you didn't leave. Alright. So once again, that was a three hour process of me trying, like, wanting to leave. Okay. And like having conversations with people and they're like, no, you shouldn't. Like, So it wasn't 30 minutes? No. Okay. No, she, she did have 30 minutes back and I had that conversation with her, but after she left I was like, no, fuck it. No.


Like I had a conversation. Okay. And they were like, no, you should stay, blah, blah, blah. Like, it's so dumb. You've only known her for four days, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, okay, fair enough. But then right after that I was like, no, I'm leaving. Like, I'm like, no, like I'm, I'm actually leaving. And I just had a lot of conversations, blah, blah, blah. And they convinced me to stay the night. And then the next day I calmed down and I was like, okay. Yeah. Like I came here to find the best connection. It was going amazing with her. Yeah. And I think like, you know, like the honeymoon stage of a relationship, we were at that, we were at that point where I was like, this girl could do no wrong. I was just like so keen. Like I was just happy gone. And I was like, fuck. Like, I don't know, like it was just a bad time.


Like it literally the next day I could have been like, oh, like I don't know about this. You don't know. But, but I, I was like, who knows who else might come in here. Yeah. Like, you know, 'cause it was still early days. Yeah. And so I was like, I mean, yeah, it does. I, I don't want to get out of here, get with her. It doesn't work out. Which statistically very high probability that we would not work out. And then I'm like, damn. What could have been, do you Regret the way that you responded though in that moment? 'cause you obviously got Andrea's hopes up. Yeah. A hundred, a hundred percent. I regret it. I wish I wouldn't have said it, but in that moment, that's what I was doing. Yeah. Like, I was set on leaving like I, and for a while after that I was set on leaving even the next day.


But yeah, of course you don't see any of that. Had she not got sent home, do you think that you guys would've gone to the finale together? I don't know. I don't, I don't know. I don't know if it would've worked out. I really don't. Yeah. Like it was really, really great. But like, it was still early days. Yeah. Like we had a lot to learn about each other in a, you know, Have you seen the TikTok that's trending? That like, you sat up there and you thought, like you said, oh, you're sending three home now you're fucking in your overalls. What now, bitch? Yeah, I've seen that. Okay. It's kind of Iconic. No. Yeah. No. Leah's hilarious. Like I, I love like Leah's great. She's Amazing. Yeah. So after the elimination of Andrea, she's gone and Leah basically told you that she took a backseat in that decision of the process of sending Andrea home.


And this caused so much fucking drama between you and Leah. You called her a liar. It caused drama between Leah and all the women. Yeah. Now, looking back, what do you actually believe happened? I think it was a lot of miscommunication. Okay. From the girls to me, from me to Leah. And so I, so first of all, I did not think Leah was capable of lying to me. I really thought that we had, I thought we had something special. And I did not think she was lying to me at all until that conversation that she had with me. It was up on the upstairs thing. She was, she told me like, and once again, I haven't watched it. I don't remember exactly what she said, but I, she basically said like, she didn't talk shit about me and Andrea or she didn't talk shit about me or like shit like that.


And I knew that wasn't true. And I was like, damn. And then she said, I took a backseat in the, the decision. And I was like, interesting. And the point of that conversation was not about that at all for me. It was more about is this girl lying to me? Because like, I still had feelings for her. And like I was thinking at this point, I was like, okay, maybe I should give this another shot. That's what the point. You remember when I pulled Liv in Kayla? Yeah. I was not trying to like, you Can't even remember Kayla's name. Kayla. Sorry, I can't remember Kayla's name. Kayla, I love you so much like a sister to me. No, no, You're fine. You're fine. I'm interested to talk to you about all that. But keep going. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. When I pulled them, the only reason I did that is 'cause I didn't wanna, like, I knew Li was gonna get upset and I just didn't wanna have the conversation at all. If they were like, oh no, she did, I would've been like, okay, cool.


And I would've dropped it. The only reason I pulled them is because I just wanted all the facts. Right. I wanted to know the truth before I went into it. Also, if she had been lying to me, I knew she was gonna lie. And she did kind of deny everything when we started the conversation. And I was like, oh, okay. And then I just kind of felt lied to and then they just kept yelling at each other. And I was like, I don't even wanna be a part of this anymore. That's not what I want at all. Also, people were saying that we teamed up on her. I talked to Leah by myself and she called L over. She kind, I think she kind of thought Liv was gonna be on her side and then she just wasn't at all. And then it was like bad. It was, I hated that moment because it was just like, Leah was just in the between two people that disagreed with her. And it was just, it was just wasn't fair for her at all.


No, I agree. I think like understandably Leah, when she called Liv over thought that Liv was gonna be like, oh yeah, we got your back girl. Yeah. And then Liv was like, no, I'm gonna be real and this is how I feel about it. This is what happened. Yeah. And then in that moment, it should have been like, okay, I didn't know that. So Liv, you and Leah need to have a conversation alone. Let's you and I finish our conversation. 'cause I agree it became ganging up, but then it was also tough. 'cause it's like, yeah. But you asked Liv and Liv's telling. Yeah, exactly. She asked for that. Yeah. And, and she was trying to team up on me. Yeah. But I wanted the conversation to be really calm. Like, I was trying to be really, really calm. Yeah. And then she just kept like saying these things and I was like, this is not true. And that's when I like lost my shit and I was like, can you just wake the fuck up?


Like, we like just be real with me. It's interesting because this isn't even a question for you. It's a question for production. And I think everyone on the internet is feeling it. It's like, why will they not just air? The clip just aired the clip of the girls in the huddle and They never did. They never did. Oh, I thought I would get to See it. No, we've never seen it. No one ever aired it. And I think a lot of people have a conspiracy that, like Leah was getting a bad edit, so maybe it completely clears her name and they don't wanna put it up. Or like, I don't know what the fuck happened in that huddle, but like, they have never aired it. Just bear it based, based on what the girls have told me. I don't think it does that. I don't think it clears her name really. No. But that's, once again he said, she said Right.


Which I don't wanna talk about that. Yeah. It's in a, that, in, in a negative way towards anybody. Yeah. Because I, I don't like talking bad about people at all. No, but I get it. Like, you're in the middle of this drama and everyone, it's like this one thing. Everyone's like, what the fuck was the decision? And understandably everyone's gonna like say their piece, but I just wish, show us the fucking footage. Just show us the footage. Yeah. Just play. And I thought we were gonna get that on movie night and we didn't. We're like, just play clear. Clear everyone's names, get the truth. I don't know. Production. I would've loved to see that as well. Maybe I heard, I heard like, I heard what was said. You heard what was said. Yeah. Did they ever air of that? No. I was told like specifically what she was saying. Why after That? Don't share it with the class.


I don't want to. 'cause I don't know if it's true. Who told you? I don't wanna say that either. Okay. But you Got what? I just, it's just drama. You got specific to me that's drama. I like to know facts and if I know facts, I'll call you out it and I'll like be like, Hey, let's talk about this. But it, I I'm not gonna like start something over something I don't know is true or not understandable. Like that's ridiculous to me. No, that whole thing just became so much bigger than it was meant to be. And it became about the decision that I wasn't, yeah. I was just trying to like talk about like how honest she had been with me. Yeah. And I feel like the way she reacted made me feel like she wasn't being honest at all. Well Also at the end of the day, no matter what Leah said in that circle, there were three what, three or four girls making that decision? No. A hundred percent. It wasn't all on her.


So, and I and, and I I didn't care about that. Yeah. That wasn't what you asked. Like she made the decision. The what? She just like, you know, I just wanted to know if she was ta being honest about taking a back seat. It, I think that's what it became about. It was never about that. Yeah. Even if she was full, like, we need to get Andre outta here. Yeah. I wouldn't have been mad at her. Like, I would've just liked to know if that was the truth. I just wanted honesty. Okay. That's all I wanted. I wanted to know that I could trust her because, and you Don't feel like you Got that? No, I didn't. I felt like I, I couldn't trust her at that time. I was like, and like now like looking back, I don't know. 'cause I think it was really getting twisted around. I agree it by everyone. Yeah. But myself included, I think that I didn't remember things right from our first conversation, but like, I think everybody involved in that had a different narrative and then there was the truth and none of us were on it.


I don't think I Know play The fucking, but no one knows Peacock. They should air that as like a bonus episode and it's like a two second clue. Or It'd be like 2 99. Right? Right. They'd make so much money like a OnlyFans link for that clip. So I would fucking pay for it. I know. In the real world, do you have an easy time trusting partners?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by McDonald's. Which McDonald's breakfast order gets people out of bed the fastest. What do you think? Is it the golden brown hash browns? Is it the savory bacon, egg and cheese McGriddles? Or the fluffy hotcakes? If you answered all of the above, then you are correct. With McDonald's breakfast, you cannot go wrong. Even if you wanna pair a Diet Coke with your egg McMuffin, no judgment. Okay. Wake up. It's time for McDonald's breakfast.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. Now is your time to build on a hobby or establish a global empire. And while the entrepreneurial path is never linear, Shopify will have your back at any stage. No matter how many detours you encounter on the journey. Daddy Gang. I have talked about how Shopify has been truly so integral to my personal business. And anyone out there that is on a new venture or is in the middle of their venture and you're trying to figure out how you can get to that next level. It is Shopify. Shopify is a commerce platform that allows you to start, grow, and manage a business. It can be as simple as a side hustle or a multimillion dollar fundraiser. The cool thing is that Shopify is behind so many brands. Millions of people in over 170 countries are selling online and in person using this platform. And you can too. There are tons of fun themes to choose from and it's easy to use drag and drop, edit. You can even tag and sell your products globally and across all social media platforms where the customers are. Shopify. Thank you so much for being such obviously a huge part of my business. It has made it easier dedicating, I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is how to delegate and not take everything on my back and on my shoulders. And Shopify has been that go-to for me when I am selling product. They make it easy and they make it a great good experience. So Daddy Gang, it's time to build your brand. Head to Shopify dot com slash daddy to see how easy it is to start your business today


in the real world. Do you, you have an easy time trusting partners. When I first start something with someone, I fully trust them. That's like, I'm not gonna date you if I don't. And that's why I was like, okay, well I guess I'm not gonna date Leah. Have you ever gone through someone's phone? Yeah. Once. Well, like my first, so my first college girlfriend, that was The most toxic relationship I've ever been in. Okay. On both sides. I was toxic. She was toxic. We could not stay away from each other to save our lives. Broke up a million times, got together, back together a million times. Of course. Craziest things. Also, we're drinking all the time. 'cause it's college. So the cr like that's The most ky relationship I've ever been in. It was, it was crazy.


But yeah, I went through her phone for sure. She went through my phone too. I would wake up and she'd have my phone. She'd be like, you motherfucker. Like, like the cra we have, I have the craziest stories of like between us, but Did you find anything incriminating? Yes, I know. So have you been cheated on? I mean it, we weren't together at the time. Right. It was the toxic college thing where it's like, ugh. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It was Do you wanna share a funny crazy story With us? No, no, no, no. Why? No? No, because she's, she's a good girl and I wish her the best. And we both grew up, you know, you people can change. And I don't want people to be like, you did this. You know what I'm saying? Like, Do you think people will know who she is? Yeah, definitely. Oh, I didn't know That. Everyone from my own, that one knows she is. Oh, and then it'll come out.


Yeah. Yeah. But I Like wish her the best. I think she's about to get married, like, oh my God. Yeah, definitely don't share the story. Congrats. Congrats. So proud of you outta that toxic shit with Rob. Yeah. Onto, yeah. Healthier Things. No, I think a lot of my ex-girlfriends are about to get married. I like prepare them. I'm like, no. I'm like the stepping stone. How does it make You feel? Sad. No. Rob. Raw, Sad. You're gonna find your person maybe. Are you the jealous type? Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. Okay. A hundred percent. Like how jealous? Jealous. I'm like more of like a protective jealous. But like, when I'm dating a girl, like I like, I'll kind of make it now and like I'll put myself in between her and whatever the situation is.


Okay. Yeah, that's kind of like that. Okay. That kind of jealous. Can we talk about Aaron? Of course. Your boy, your boy Aaron, throughout this season, online, sometimes people would joke that like, you guys were the strongest couple in the fucking, I've seen a lot of that. A lot of that. Well, How would you describe your friendship? I think like at first I was like, I'm not so sure about this guy. He's like the kinda the opposite of me in the way that he's like really loud and like loves to like, he's just silly and like goofy and, and I'm like that too. But like, only when I'm like really comfortable with people. But then like I got to know him and like, he felt like family. Like he, he's like really, like he's really sweet and he really like cares about everyone.


Like he really did like, like he would get sad when anyone was sad. Like Specifically you though? Yeah. Yeah. Well, like we, we like became really, really good friends. Like, like he seriously felt my, like my brother. Okay. During Casa Moore. Now we like, we really need you to give us some information. Okay. To clarify this. We don't have to speak about this again. We watched Aaron basically. Yeah. Cheat on Kayla with Daniella? Yeah. Okay. Well they were open. Okay. They were open, but it was like pretty fucking slimy. I'm not gonna lie. When I saw the clips, I was shocked. Okay. I was shocked and I was shocked that day that I saw him kissing around the bean bagg. I was shocked. Okay. When it was time to return to the villa, you brought his girl Daniella.


Yeah. Back in with you. Right. And he returned as single so that he could present as loyal basically to Kayla. And he's like, I want you, what the fuck happened? Do not lie to me. Oh, tell me what happened. Well, I wasn't really getting on with any, like, I got to know the girls. They were great girls. Sydney, so funny. Like I thought they were really great girls, but I didn't see like long-term relationship type things with The most of them. And Danielle had been talking with Erin most of the time and we have like similar type as far as personality. And the first conversation I had with her I really liked and he was telling me the whole time that I should talk to her.


And I was like, I was like, what? And he was like, yeah, like you, like I think you guys really get along. And I'm like, but because he, I think he knew he wasn't gonna take her back. Okay. And at that point he was like, you should, you should at least talk to her and see, even Though he loved her, He loved her. He Told her that he loved her twice. Daniella? Yes. You have seen this? He said that he loved her. I haven't seen that. Okay. Did they show that at movie night? No. That's what's been so crazy online is everyone's like, why the fuck was that not played at movie night? I don't know if Kayla even knows that yet. She probably does now that she's out. Definitely does. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't know that that Oh, it was Seen, that was like the biggest thing on the internet. Really? I haven't even seen it on like anything. Yeah. I haven't seen it clipped or anything.


Yeah. Oh, well, what was The question Anyways? So how the fuck did you come back to the villa with Daniella? Well, yeah, So I literally didn't get a chance to talk to her that much at all. And then I did, I talked to her and I was like, oh, this is like, I liked her value. I like where her values were and I liked, like, once again, like she's very for family oriented like me and she loves animals. She wanted to be a vet. I was like, okay, I could see something here. So I was like my, and like, what am I gonna do? Go back single to no one to live. You did say you liked her right before you Left. I felt I I I, I was actually really close to doing that, to that exact thing. I was really close to going back single and just being like, Liv, what's up?


You want hang out? Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was really close to doing that. Okay. I, I seriously thought about it, but I was like, like our, like Liv and I both knew like, we get on and like we get each other's humor and like I find her really attractive. But like, it was like, it's more of a friendship. Yeah, for sure. Like, So did Aaron ask you to bring Daniella back? No. Hell didn't? Hell no. Hell no. He didn't want me to bring her. Oh actually he did. Thank you. He did Like what? But then after that, right, like immediately after that he was like, terrible idea. Don't bring it back. Right. Okay. So he did. So he did articulate that to You. That's true. I forgot about that. Thank you. Can you please tell us about the conversation?


Oh fuck. I don't really remember that well, but he was like, he, he like called, he pulled me for a chat and he was like, oh yeah, she took it really, really well. The way that when he said that he was done, like he, he wasn't gonna take her back, whatever. She took it. He said like, she took it with like such grace and like, she was so kind and she just said really nice things about him and stuff. And he was like, oh dang. Like that was really cool. He's like, you're gonna like her a lot, you should hang out with her. But like, yeah. And he was like, you should take her back. Yeah. Yeah. I forgot about, I forgot. I totally, but it's because the reason I forgot about it is because maybe 10 minutes after that conversation he was like, please forget everything I just said. That's an awful idea. I'm going back to Kayla and I really like Kayla.


Like that's just, don't bring her back at all unless you really want to. And I was like, okay. And just for like, anyone who's for some reason is watching this and never watched love violin basically the point is Aaron was coupled up with Kayla goes into a new house with all new women is making out with this new girl and then basically asks Rob to bring that girl back into the villa on his accord. So that like, Well he did not sit, he said, only if you see something with her as like, if you want to bring her back, do it. But like, it was like, yeah, it was like, I guess implied like that. He thinks that she's cool, but I don't, but I'm telling you literally 10 minutes after that he was like freaking out everything I said so wrong.


I don't know what the hell I was thinking. Yeah, I'm a dumb ass. Do not do that unless you really want to. And then I was like, I got to know her and I was like, I was like, like there's enough there that I wanna see where it goes. Yeah. We didn't have a lot of time. Did You feel like a dick doing that to Kayla? Yeah, I did because I care about Kayla. Yeah. She's like a sister to me. But I also thought about it like, okay, well at least like she's gonna know like, and I was wrong, but at least she's gonna know that he's being honest because she'll tell him everything and then she didn't. I've seen that as well. It's fucked. She Yeah, I know. I know. But that was like my silver lining. I was like, I was like, okay. Yeah. Like this is gonna be weird. And it sucks because like Aaron's my best friend.


Yeah. And Kayla is his girl and like, I wanna be able to hang out with them altogether. But honestly, like Kayla really took it with grace. Like, and, and she got along with Daniella enough that like we could all kinda hang out. Yeah. But like, I don't know things. Yeah. Yeah. Aaron is kind of in the doghouse on the internet. I know. He's kind of the villain of the season. I Know. Well yeah. Yeah. And I, and I think he's gonna be okay because I think what I've just told him over and over again is, you fucked up. You gotta take accountability. And as long as you keep doing that, I think it's gonna be okay. 'cause I promise you this, he loves Kayla. He really does. Wow. He cares about her so much and it was killing him even in Casa.


Like, he was like, I remember one day specifically, it was after he kissed her, he sat in the room for like hours and just stared and was like, what the fuck have I done? Blah, blah, blah, blah. And he really cares about her a lot. He really does. Yeah. But he gets really emotional for you. There are so many clips of like his emotions towards you versus everyone else. Even Kayla, like, he was sobbing when he thought you were gonna leave. It's kind of cute. So for the rest of your time in the villa, you obviously kind of like didn't find that connection that was as strong as Andrea or Leah. And I don't know if you've seen all the fan edits. You have seen all the fan edits of you and Leah.


I've seen a ton. It's like, I mean, how could I not, they're fucking everywhere. The entire world. Like wanted you guys to end up together. Would you ever try to make it work in the real world? I, I think after everything I think we will be amazing friends. And I think I'd rather just focus on that for now. Like, like love being around her. She's an amazing person. She's so fucking funny. Like, I am like laughing the whole time I'm with her usually. But like, I mean, I think, I also think Miguel is a really great guy. I love Miguel. And we're actually really similar, which I didn't see coming at all. Like some of our, some of the way we think.


But yeah, I think, I don't know what's happened obviously. But I mean, no, I mean I'm, I'm gonna respect them and, and her and like, I just, I just don't think that that's like ne like necessary at all. I think that we're great friends and that's like a great spot to be and I'm happy with it. Like I'm content in that. Like I would be content being friends with her. Okay. I don't think people like that answer. I mean, I when You want wanna say that's okay? No, that's the honest truth. That's the honest truth. Yeah. Like, I'm okay with being friends and I wanna be friends. Why do you think America is rooting for you and Leah, even though she has something good with Miguel? Probably all the edits. Probably all the fucking edits you guys have made of us looking at each other and like, I mean, and we care.


It's like, it's not ba built on nothing. Yeah. Like we care for each other for sure. I like, I feel that she cares for me and I care for her. But yeah, after everything, like I just, I I think it would be really, really hard. I mean, it's kinda like the Aaron Kayla situation. Like that's gonna be such an uphill battle for them to get through. And I think like the best thing for us is just to like move on and be friends. Yeah. Like seriously. I think that's just the best thing. Was it as epic in the villa, the like feelings that you guys had as compared to like these fan edits because you guys had this like, it feels like this like unsaid like insane attraction and it was this whole whirlwind and like, did it feel that way?


Mm. Most of the time. No. Rob What? I love that answer Most of the time. No, there was definitely mo some moments where I was like, damn, like I cannot lie. There was so definitely some moments where I was like, damn. But most of the time, like a lot, like I've seen a lot of 'em and I'm like, I'm like, I don't even think she was looking at me in that like, like, like some of 'em I'm like, okay. But yeah, like other times I'm like, yeah. I mean that was a nice moment for us. Right. Yeah. But the edits have made it really like, It's, it's definitely like hype hyped up a lot, right? Yeah, for sure. For sure. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. How do you think, and I think she would say the same thing, how Do you think Leah feels about you now?


Obviously we saw your like grand final moment with her where you run up So funny. Didn't feel like that at all. Like really. I mean in the moment it did. But like I, I literally just wanted to say bye and like let her know that I cared about her and I thought she was great and I'm, I'm glad that we got to get back to that point. That's all I wanted to say. But then it was like, I don't know, it was so much more emotional than I thought it was gonna be. Like in my head I was like, this is not a big deal at all. I'm just gonna let her know these things. And then I let her know. And then I was like, oh, that was kind of crazy. Like a little bit not, it wasn't that crazy, but like, it seems a lot crazier on tv I think. So Producers did not make you do that? No, They didn't make me Do that because everyone was like, oh my god, that felt too perfect that it was like produced. No, No. Like other than like the lines they wrote me.


No, I'm, I'm playing. No, that was well and it's Like music goes into it, which like there was No music playing hiding it up. Yeah. While You're fucking saying That. Exactly. Exactly. But you both did you say like love you, which I feel like a, not an I love you, but a love you is pretty friend zoning. Yeah. Because It's like once you say love you to someone, it's like, ooh. Wow. 'cause if you were really gonna be in a romantic situation, you'd probably like save those words love. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If you say that it's like, I love you as a friend. Yeah, for sure. But you just said you guys are friends. Okay. I'm curious, Andrea, she said after she left that she would love to rekindle things with you. This probably is a while ago. I know she's been like posting a lot. Would you want to give your guys relationship a shot in the real world or no?


I don't. Yeah. Is I don't, I mean, I've been talking to her a little bit, but it's not like, I think, I think once again, like it is probably better if we just kind of like keep our distance for now. Like kind of like it's a lot has happened and she's been like posting a lot. A Lot. Yeah. Which is like, I'd be lying if I was like, I was kinda like, oh, that's a lot of things to post about. Which sounds really bad, but like I do think she's a great girl and I think she got like, I think the reason she did that is like she was, she went in there and did what she was supposed to do. She did nothing wrong, literally did nothing wrong.


And she was always kind like she, when she left, I don't know if it one, I haven't seen it, but I don't know when she left, she was in a position where she could have said a lot of mean things and been like, yeah, y'all are some bitches for doing this, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Did not say a word. All she said was like, how much she cared about me and then left. Like, I thought that was like so good. And like I thought she handled herself so well the whole time, which is why I was kind of surprised. But like, she was like posting a lot of stuff, but like, I get she was, she got like The most hate from anyone from the show. So Did you reach out or did she reach out when you got your phone? I texted Her. I texted her. I just said, Hey, how are you? Like, and then I called her, well she, yeah, we called, we FaceTimed for a little bit.


Didn't talk about like anything like crazy. Yeah, just like wanted to see how she was doing because at this point I hadn't looked at really anything online and I was just like, how are you doing? Like everything, you know, I was thinking about you a lot. Like blah, blah. Told her my, because I knew once she left, she didn't know what happened. And I think it was made to look like she left. I was like, I'm leaving. I didn't, and then I didn't give a fuck. Yeah. That was not the case. Yeah. I was like, you can ask us any person in there. I was like, I was so fucked. Like for that week after that. Yeah. Like, it was tough, but like I did, I did get better and I got over it. Like took towards the end. Yeah. So like, and I told her, I let her know like all that and I was just like, 'cause I felt guilty.


I felt really guilty about it. And I, and at times I was like, I should have just left. Like, I'm such a bitch. Like, I don't know. I mean you, like I said, I tear myself up. Yeah. Yeah. Like, but rightfully so. Like I, it was such a lose lose situation at that point. Like I, because I got emotional and said that, but, but yeah, I just kinda let her know like how it went, how I was feeling and everything. And she told me like a little bit about what was going on with her and then that was it. And then we've texted a little bit, but I did start to see like all the stuff that she was doing and I was like, that's something that I did not see coming from her. She just seemed very no drama like in the villa. So no drama. Like she, like she said that like, yeah. And I just was really kind of set back by that.


When I saw that I was like, Ooh. Interesting. It is interesting. 'cause I feel like that must be weird for you of like, everyone was sort of certain way in the villa and now that everyone's gonna be done and it's coming out and everyone, you're gonna see everyone. Like, I wonder if you're gonna feel the same type of way. Have you thought about that? Like once you see them in the real world? Yeah. Like, will you feel the same type of way about them? Yeah. As you did with like these kind of blinders on in the villa? Yeah, It is. Like, it is like when you're in the villa, it's like tunnel vision and you get outside the tube's gone. You know you're, if you're at a bar. Yeah. Yeah. Would you still be like down to hang with her? Right, right. Or is she like, not the vibe? 'cause it's, Yeah, but it's not like the reason I'm having those thoughts. It has nothing to do with me being out. It has to do with me seeing what she's been doing while I was out.


Like, I was like, interesting and, but I will just like last thing on it. Like I will give her like credit. Like I do get why she would be doing that. Yeah. If like, people were coming at her. But it was a lot. Okay. I'm gonna say the names of women that you connected with on like the season. And I want you to describe your relationship with them in one word. You Have enough paper? Sorry. One word. Yep. One word. Or if you wanna describe your relationship. No one word. That's great. You got this. This Is a rob thing. Yeah. That's Why I said one word. One word's. Good. Okay. Ready? I guess. I mean, think, do I know that? Okay. Okay. Cassidy. Cassidy. Shy Sex. No, I had sex with Cassie.


Cassie. But Cassidy Did. You didn't have sex with her. You couldn't hold out anymore. I, it had been a really, really, really long time. And I was, it was, and and like after I was like, fuck Rob, you made it this whole time. You didn't have sex on tv. Your poor mother. You're like, everyone's gonna be like, he never cared about any of those bitches. He is just gonna fuck. You know? And I was like, and then I was like, you know what? Like I'm an adult. She's an adult. It felt right in the moment. Like it happened. Like it's, and I don't regret it. It's like it just happened. Did You do it in the bed when Natalie, everyone was in the room? Yes. Rob. What? That's a yes. I didn't say shit. No, you did. Because this is A podcast. Yeah. That's bad journalism.


Real people. Yeah. You just gave me a yes in your eyes. I didn't say shit Because if you, if it wasn't, you'd say No. I'm about to onion back up right now. No, no, no. We're not onion. We are so fucking peeled down. You are doing so Great. You really have. You're good at this. I will give you credit. Thank you. You're pretty good at this. Thank you. You're a hard one to crack. Like I will say everyone at home that's like, why don't you ask him this? I'm trying, but we have gotten progress. Okay, so you did it in the room. Did you come like, just on the sheets? Did housekeeping have to clean that up the next morning? Robert, You use my full name. That's some tea You've said nothing fully.


That is tea. I've said no words to what you're saying. Okay. Did your, did any of the people on the island know it happened until she said no? No one knew. That was the funniest part. I don't know how many conversations they put in, but Miguel like, I think it was literally the next day he was like, he was like, yeah bro, I just don't think that I could have sex in here. Like, it's just not something I'm gonna do. And I'm like, dude, me either bro. And Cassie was sitting right next to me. I was like, I was like, dude, me either like, especially like in the room with everyone could never do that. He's like, he was like, yeah, bro. Like, I mean, I honestly, if someone did, I would rate it, but like I, it was just something I wouldn't do. And I was like, I was like, yeah bro couldn't be me. Can't, can't relate. And I, I looked at ca and she was like, You're like, I feel light as a feather right now.


God, you'd been waiting for that? Not, I wouldn't say I'd been waiting for it. Not like, Not sex. I mean to like, Oh, I was like release bail. Up, Up. Okay. Daniella, one word. I am trying to, You can use a couple Words. Affectionate, Live Strong Andrea. Understanding Leah. Hmm. Lovely. Aw, now you got us all making like clips of that. Think about how many fan edits are Gonna, it's alliteration. Lovely. Leah like, come on, chill the fuck out. Oh, I want you guys to be together. Stop. You're just saying that 'cause of the edits.


You watched the edits, they worked on you and that's what you want. They Did work on me. Yeah. And I should know better. I like know this shit can be, Come on. Come on Guys. Okay. Okay. If you had to go into the Hideaway with one person from the season, what the fuck right now, who would you Go with? That's nuts. No, that's nutty. No Ariana. Anyways, next question. She looked fucking amazing this season. She looked so good there. She was always wearing see through clothes. So close. I was like, what's up with her not really wearing clothes all the time. How many times did you guys think she was a bombshell? Walking in Once, but also I thought she was an islander when we, she was sitting there with them when we walked in and I went around and shook everyone's hand.


I shook her hand. I was like, nice to meet you. I'm Robin. Then I was like, you're the host. You're like, yeah, it was really embarrassing. There's a clip of like Cordell at one point and everyone's like, it's Ariana. It's Ariana. And Cordell comes out and he is like, who the fuck is that? He's blind as a bat. He can't see shit. It's so funny. Serena and Cordell are so cute now. I love them. I love them both individually. Yeah. So it makes me easy to like him as a couple, you know what I'm saying? Like, they had their struggles. They're really dope. But that's why I think they'll, they'll be good. Yeah. I think because like they had a hard time. They got through a lot. Yeah. But like, yeah. They're both dope. Okay. Who was the best kisser of the season? Andrea. You guys did seem like you had a good little. We yeah. I would say Andrea.


Okay. I need you to clear something up. During the body count game, your answer was mysteriously just completely skipped over. Really? They didn't air it. They didn't air it. So What is your body count, Rob? It was probably 'cause it was boring. What was it? 25? Is that a fake number? No, That feels fake. It's not fake. That Feels fake. It's not fake. It's not. No, it's a good estimation. Estimation. It's good. It's 25. Wait, it's 26 now. Lucky number. Is it? Oh no, it's not. 23 is lucky number. Fuck. Past it Is 23. You're not lucky number.


When I go to the casino, I put on red 23. Okay. Do you go to Vegas a lot? I used to, when I lived in la You lived in La? I mean you could hardly say that. I was here for a year. Why? Work? Work? Yeah. Which Going Rob thunder. What? Just kidding. Just kidding. It was a joke. Wait, that was a joke. So Connor. Yeah. Yeah. So so the picture they took for me? Yeah. For like my, my picture. Yeah. Everyone thought I looked like a porn star. And so Connor came up with the name Rob Thunder. That was like me that my Ultimate You Connor are giving porn star right now. Like, I'm waiting for you to like gyrate on the chair. Not gonna happen. You're not gonna do that though. Nope. Anyways. Okay. What is the weirdest place that you've ever had? Sex? Mm.


Airplane. Airplane. Maybe like, yeah, that's a good one. Library. Library. Yep. Everyone's reading. Well, clearly you can be quiet. No one knew in the villa that you had had sex. Okay. Are you actually taking a break from dating? I know you keep saying it like you're thinking like you're, you gotta chill on that. Like you're gonna have everyone as friends. Your, I just can't, I can't imagine like trying to get to know someone right now. I can't imagine like giving someone my full attention and like actually being able to be present. Like, Like what are you thinking right now? You need to like run home to Alabama and like get in your bed and like, No, like get in the woods. Oh. And like, leave my phone at home. I need to go in the creek and like, yeah.


I'm not kidding. Like I really need that. It's like my therapy. When You pick up your first snake, what are you gonna do to it? Kiss it? No. No. Oh. Have you ever kissed a snake? Yeah, Of course. Yeah. If it feels right. If the mood is right, if the mood's right. We'll give him a little, little cutie. Yeah. Okay. So you're ready to get back to the woods? Yep. Are You going to continue to be a snake wrangler? Are you gonna like start popping up? Are you gonna do the reality stuff? Are you gonna go back on another reality show? Like what do you think's the vibe? I have no idea. They like, they've asked me a lot like what I want to do from this. 'cause like the show is so big. Did the be it did it it's number one. Yeah. It beat every other show in America. Yeah. It was the number one streaming insane. Which I did not see coming.


So like, yeah, like I think I'm just gonna keep catching snakes. I mean like, if I get a really good opportunity, like maybe, like I said, I'll be like, ah, fuck it, whatever. Like that's kinda how I live my life. Like that's why I went on Love Island. That's why that situation had like, I didn't apply for that, you know, like Right. So yeah, something comes across like, I would like Survivor. Oh, I would do that. Like some shit like that. Are you gonna see everyone for the reunion? Isn't there reunion there's a reunion coming up? Are you excited? Are you nervous? I would say I'm nervous. Why? I don't know. I don't know. Just when I think about that, the stress chemical in my brain comes out. What stresses you out? Mm. I'm pre procrastinating Thinking about it.


No, we ha we're only, I'm this, this is basically thought, last question. I promise we have two more questions. Okay. So we'll take our time. What are you stressed about going to this reunion? Well, I feel like, I feel like, I don't know, I'm just interested to see like who's still together and like how everything is going for everyone and just like everyone together again, like I think a lot of people went to the internet and maybe some things have been said that are like not great about other people and that's gonna be a thing for sure. I mean, But you have been kind of not causing drama, right? I'm just being honest. Like anything I've said, I'll be like, yeah, I said that.


I meant that. Like, so You have nothing to be worried about now? No, no. I, I just, the situation in general gives you anxiety. I think it's gonna, yeah, that's just gonna be like, not just me. No, not with me. I'm thinking about other people. Like, I'm like, how the fuck is that gonna go? Like So yeah. Why, who do you, okay, will you tell me off camera who you're The most nervous About? I'll tell you off camera. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. But you're gonna go and you're gonna be like drama free 'cause you kind of, what If Miguel and Leah aren't together, I'd be like, damn, sorry guys. I'd be like, damn, that sucks. I was really rooting for y'all. Take their hands. Okay, Rob, closing statement. What would you like to say to the ladies of America who love or hate you?


Hate is the closest emotion to love. No, I'm just kidding. Thank you. I don't know. It's confusing. I'm confused. You know, something I kind of saw myself like after, obviously there was a lot of drama at the beginning. Yeah. But after that I just thought I was kind of a background character. Like I didn't really feel in the show anymore, so I just was kind of like, yeah, whatever. I'm just chilling. And then I was surprised when I came out. It was like a lot of buzz about everything about me. And that's like, what do You think this episode is evoking? Like what do you think we're giving today? I don't, I blacked out. I don't really know. I could have blacked out too. I was, I feel like I had to ask you the same question over and over to get you to answer. And then we just kept going.


And I think we got a lot of answers. Right. You did all the, like, the stuff I thought like all the like drama stuff, right? We got all that stuff. It's all good. Like I'm, I know you're not gonna answer the questions of like, who did you not like in the villa? Would you answer that? No, exactly. You're shaking your head. For those of you that are listening, driving to work, he's shaking his Head. I mean, I, I mean why would you wanna talk about that? Why would you wanna focus on the negative ads And not I know, I know you're saying you're not. I'm not, I know I'm right, but you know, I'm, people are gonna be like, why the fuck did you guys not ask certain questions? Like when, okay. The one move moment from movie night when you saw Leah making fun of you crying. Yeah. And then she apologized and it seemed super genuine. Yeah, it was great Like that. Oh yeah. That was Okay. So how did you feel about that?


Seeing that so, so after not leaving, after Andrea left? Yeah. I was like kind of regretting it a lot and that moment made me s the, The most happy I was about staying. That moment was so great for me. Like, and for us I thought, which I really liked, it gave us closure and it was in front of everyone, which I loved because I'm not the kind of person that like, I feel like there was weirdness in the villa about Yeah, Leah and I, but I'm not the kind of person that's gonna go to everyone and like give my side of the story, blah, blah, blah. Like, I'm just gonna like let my actions speak for themselves. Yeah. But in that moment, I was given the opportunity to like talk with her and stuff. Yeah. And I thought it was really good for us. And then we had a great conversation after that. And yeah, we just like, we got back to being friends and like, it was good.


The heart rate challenge. Did you get a little excited? No. You did? I did not. You got excited for Leah? I got excited. Oh, you mean like a boner? No, I'm just saying like, you got The most the Way you, you little excited. That's how you said it. You said it like a boner. Like don't make me weird though, because Thought No, you thought you, You said it like that. You said you get a little excited winked at me. You got A little excited. Like your heart rate went up The most for her. Crazy. That's, that's why the fan edits are popping off, Rob. I don't, I just did. No, I actually think Miguel is an awesome guy. He and is. And it's gonna be interesting to see this is the fascination around the show. It's like he what? He lives in the uk right? And she lives in Calabasas.


Mm. It's gonna be interesting for people. And same with Aaron, right? Like he doesn't, he's gonna, He live into America. Where does Kayla live? Pennsylvania. Oh my god. I'm from Pennsylvania. She's From a town of 6,000. No, no, no. Is Aaron gonna move there? Truly not. No. They're gonna move to la. Aaron will hate la. I don't know. Aaron seems to love those flashy lights. He Will hate La. You think I hate la. That's why I moved. No offense. It's great for other people. It's too much concrete for me. Too much Concrete. Yeah. You need the woods. Okay Rob, is there anything else you wanna say? Like, do you feel like you got everything off your chest? I'm sure after this I'm gonna think of a million things and I'm like, damn. Should have said that. But like, Let's leave it for now. Yeah, well I'll see you in a year.


We'll catch up. We'll check in, see how you feel about it all. Whatever you need. Thank you Rob for coming on. Thank You. This was Lovely. Yeah, this was a nice time. It was good. I was like, it was good. Like You didn't feel like it, was it harder than you thought it was gonna be? No. Was it more fun than you thought it was gonna be? Yes. That's good. You came in here nervous? Yeah, definitely. I'm still nervous. Do You wanna call Dave Portnoy? Yes. I love Dave Fort Noy. Wait, you're a bar stool Guy? Not really, but I like him. He's just like cool. I know people hate him, but like I like him. Dave is Dave. I think he's just Dave. I like genuine people. It was the same. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I like genuine folk.


I like people that are just themselves and they don't really give a fuck. And he's Like that. Dave is honest. Dave is very honest. Even if it hurts your feelings, he's honest. He's gonna Be honest. He's gonna be Dave. I like that about him. Okay, let's go call him. Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week.


If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit Us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank.


Any way you bank,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Opill, the first ever over the counter, daily birth control pill available in the us. I wanna introduce Opill. Opill is a daily birth control pill that is FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus, there is no prescription needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription for birth control are over. This is huge for women. Daddy Gang. It is our moment to take control of our health and our reproductive journey. Opill is available online and at most major retailers. Get it now. Daddy Gang. This is what you need. I am so excited about this. We have been waiting for this. Use Code Daddy for 25% off your first month of Opill at Opill dot com.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden, everything takes a turn For the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theaters April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender. From the producers of Megan and producers of a quiet place. Audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.