
Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Dreaming of a modern oasis at all modern, we offer the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. Hand vetted for quality and delivered for free in days. Discover outdoor dining sets, sofas and more in every style of modern, from Scandy to mid-century. That's modern made simple. Shop now@allmodern.com.


We are interrupting this podcast to ask you a very important question. Have you had your Hershey's? When you need to brighten up your day, put a smile on your face with the classic creamy texture and pure milk chocolate flavor of Hersheys Milk chocolate. Whether you're eating it on the go, breaking off a few pieces for s'mores night, or just treating yourself to something sweet. Hershey's, milk chocolate checks all the boxes. Shop for Hershey's Milk Chocolate. Now at a store near you found. Wherever Candy is sold,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber Eats. Okay, Daddy Gang. We all know Uber Eats has the best selection of local restaurants, but did you know they also eat when it comes to a whole range of delivery services? Now that might be a lot to take in, so let's break it down. Okay. Uber Eats isn't just for locked in salad, bowl lunches, or pre-gaming. With Thai, when you can't make it to the store, you can just get about anything you need delivered straight to your door. With Uber Eats right now, you could be checking off your whole shopping list. Okay? Of course, I'm locked in on Uber Eats when it comes to getting my lunchtime sandwiches or a good delicious meal after work. But say I need a little cocktail at the end of the day, Uber Eats is my go-to spot to get all of the ingredients I need sent to my door. I also use Uber Eats for pretty much everything. Paper towels, groceries. Snacks. I even order a pair of flip flops to the nail salon, okay? They've got my back no matter where I am. When you can't make it to the store, Uber Eats brings you the store essentially. Okay? There is nothing better than putting on a good show, getting cozy on the couch and having the perfect meal delivered right to me, along with five other things that I forgot to pick up that day. Uber Eats makes it easy to have it all. Get grocery, alcohol, and everyday essentials in addition to the restaurant food you love. So, in other words, get almost almost anything with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


What is Up? Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Sarah Jessica Parker. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you. You Don't Even know. Thank you for having me. No, thank you for being here. You don't even know I, when I started Call Her Daddy, you were beyond. Beyond. Beyond obviously the inspiration. And then when I started interviewing people, you have been at the top, top, top of the list to sit down with. So thank you for being here. Oh my Gosh, thank you. Thank you for having me. And especially in New York City. 'cause I know it's not your home, home, But it was at one point, So, and you're, is it true that you're maybe coming back or it's that just some, it's a rumor.


Wishful, hopeful rumor. It's a rumor. Okay. No, you know what I, every time I get here, I feel like I'm alive again. Not that I'm like dead in LA you know, But it has a certain kind of, it's a very dynamic city and it sort of, it does that to people when they step off the plane, which is really curious because I think Los Angeles actually actively does the opposite. It sort of, it's just a quieter, less intrusive city. Yes. On a person. Completely. You, I feel like I'm like entering my spa era when I go to LA and then I come here and I'm like, where are we going to dinner? What's going on? Yeah. The night starts at midnight.


That's why you earlier were like, oh, did you have a late night? Well, Didn't your, did your Documentary? Yes, my documentary. So how did it go and what was the experience and how was it to, I'm sure you've seen it already. Yes. It was so nerve wracking. Was it really? I'm sure you know, like even as you've been in media for so long, when you put out a piece of work that's just a little bit different than you're used to or even coming back, right? Yeah. Like you're like, it just feels you're anxious. Yeah. 'cause you want people to like it. Yes. But I feel really hopeful that people will perceive it in a positive way. And so it was great, but I'm gonna be honest, I was like, okay, now I'm going to interview Sarah Jessica Parker. So everybody, I'm going to bed. I'm putting my face mask on. Aw, don't talk to me.


So I'm happy to be here with you. Well, your no words for wear. You look great. You looked amazing too. And I'm glad the night was felt good and felt the way you hoped. Thank you. It would feel, yeah, it's a big deal. Us Talking about LA versus New York. You obviously live here. I do. You're a tried and true New Yorker. What is your favorite part of living here? I really feel like when I walk out the door, anything can happen and, and there are degrees of that being good and potentially bad. Awful. Yes. You're bumping into neighbors and you're bumping into the familiar, but every single day I'm having exchange with or physically touching somebody who might never be on that street again.


You know? And I, I really, really love that. And I always have, there were these two young fellas, I came out of our house yesterday and stoops are a thing in New York. And just because you own one doesn't mean it's yours. It's everybody's stoop. And I had, I spent decades sitting on other people's stoops and in my head I dreamed one day I hope I can have a stoop. And so every time we come home and there's people on our stoop, people always move their stuff really quickly 'cause they realize they're, they're in the path or, and I'm always like, no, no, no, stay, stay, stay.


But yesterday I came out and there were two boys standing at the, at the foot of the stoop and there was a penny heads up on the last step of the stoop. And I said, fellas, there's a penny heads up. Why are you not taking, grabbing this penny? I guess my point of the story is I would have had no other reason to talk to these guys on the street smoking pot. You know what I mean? Like, they were just there and having a mo like they were in between something and chatting and you know, I like imposed myself on them, but it was definitely a friendly exchange. And they were sort of like, I think they felt like a friendly reprimand or something.


But that would never happen if I had gotten outta, if I got outta my house, I walked outta my house and I walked into garage and I got into a car and I drove down the street. I just wouldn't have, I don't know if that's something that other people might like, but I Do. You're like, I love people just like loitering in front of, of my house. It's fabulous. Hold on. Did they know who you are? Yes. They, they did. They, it was like a slow burn. But our initial, our initial exchange was just three, three people, two of whom were not strangers. What? I was the stranger to them. And I said to them, fellas, look down.


Like don't walk around just here or here, look down for your penny. They're Like, Sarah, Jessica. We're high. Like, babe, I'm too high. I'm not even looking at the goddamn penny. So did you pick It up? No. You, you're probably right. You, I, I picked it up and I, I felt like maybe if they saw my enthusiasm for it, they would, they would pick up and next time they'd be all the wiser for it. I Don't know. I think they will. I think they will. I Dunno, We all have that piece.


You know, the one, the thing that's, so you, you've basically become known for it. And if you don't have yours yet, you'll find it on eBay. Let me put you on fashionistas. eBay is where you'll find those. One of a kind can't stop researching, stay up dreaming about pieces. I'm talking that meme off the runway. Red Leather bomber, the CTO Barcelona top with the cowboy on it, or that Patagonia fleece in the 2017 colorway. All these fines are on eBay and they even offer millions of main character pieces backed by authenticity guarantee. eBay is the place for pre loved and vintage fashion. eBay things, people love


insurance may all seem the same on the surface, but having insurance isn't the same as having State Farm. It's like getting a granola bar with a candle in it. When you wanted a three layer birthday cake, you wouldn't settle for just any dessert on your birthday. So don't settle for just any insurance when it comes to getting the help you need. State Farm is the real deal. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


You and public transportation. Let's pause for two seconds because you have quite literally been seen on subways walking around the city. You're one with the people in New York City. I feel like everyone knows that. How, like how are you just like walking to your local deli and not getting attacked? I mean, people always say hello and they talk or they nod. I have headphones. I'm not convinced that really does anything. I have sunglasses, but I always have worn sunglasses. It it does, it doesn't really, there's still activity on the subway. People chat and talk.


But I will say people are so much more on their phones now that They're Not looking at you. You're not quite as on the subway, if I talk people hear my voice. That's similar to me. Where my voice more recognizable way that I am always like, I'll be in an elevator with my husband and he'll be like, what do you wanna do? And I'm like, Matt, later, Later, Later. Honey. Later. Wait, when you have your headphones on, are you actually listening to something? Yeah, Always. What are you listening to? Oh my Gosh. Putting you on the spot. Everything. Podcasts. Okay. Lots of music. Mostly podcasts.


I don't listen to books on audio. Oh yeah. Yeah. It'd be podcasts or music. Yeah. And are you faking phone calls? I've almost never done that. I think I've done it more with my children when I was outside recently and I knew that they wanted to talk to me and I needed to do something and I, but then I thought, oh you know, there's a right and wrong way to do this because the phone, if you're actually on a call, the phone looks one way, the screen looks one way. And if you're not, I think it's all just visible. Yes. I do have a privacy screen on my phone. Okay. That helps.


And pro tip, you need to put it on Do not disturb tip. And you need to angle it towards your chin. I fake phone calls all the time. Oh, all the time. You just tilt it so no one can see that you're like fully on your photo album and there's no phone Call happening. Okay, great. Yeah, I got you. So it's always on Do not disturb. And Do not disturb just doesn't allow for like a, A lighting situation. Yes. Yes. Got it. Okay. Can We talk about fashion? Sure. Because I have, can we talk about your shoes? I was about to say we need to talk about my shoes. I have, I don't usually dress up for interviews. You look so Beautiful. Thank you. Really? I and your hair's down. Oh my God. And your hair's not in a pony or a clip or I know I'm so touched.


I love that you walked in and you're like, wait, I'm dressed down and you're dressed up. And I was like, I know. I felt like I went through three outfits. You look perfect before I came here trying to telepathically guess what would be appropriate. And then ultimately I realize, oh, the more I'm trying to be something else, I'm I I look like an idiot. No, You dressed down as me. Dressed up. No. Like if un unless you showed up in sweats, I'd be like, okay, you got it. So these shoes, I have never worn open toed heels on Call Her Daddy ever Aw. Ever. In the history of ever. And I probably never will. It looks so lovely on you. Well thank you. But it's just an ode to Miss Carrie Bradshaw. They are the shoes that you wore in the show.


Yes. Running to the ferry. Yes. Yes. This outfit was also loosely inspired by the green jersey. I Remember it With the cargo. Yes. I was like, I have to recreate it. I, I, I knew the minute I saw it, and I don't actually remember a lot, but I remember outfits and cross streets, Outfits and cross streets. Yeah. I didn't know if you would know the Jimmy shoes. And the minute for everyone that didn't see this moment, she literally walks in the door, she goes, hi, I'm Sarah Jessica. Oh my gosh. I love the shoes. I can't believe you're wearing Yeah. Those shoes. Like, thank God she noticed. And It was such a clever thing that Jimmy Chu just reissued. Yes. Was it 2007? Yes. 2008. I can't remember the year of that line of Yeah, I got you.


Girl. Those are Really pretty shoes. And my original pair, we had two pairs for that episode because I lost one and I was running so much in them that they were getting trashed. So they had a backup pair. The pair that I wore has the, the glue under the feather has yellowed. We, we pull them out all the time to have them on the show now. 'cause they're always like in the closet moving around. And we have a new pair. But the new pair is of like, we have the unused pair. Yeah. But it's a little interest to me 'cause it has like no sentimental value.


So, but when I saw fresh pairs, I was like, wow, They do Look good. That's what it's like with a fresh pair. Yeah. But I bet the yellow glue is even sexier. It's pretty touching. Yeah, I think so too. I'm gonna add that to mine later. Okay. Pretend I was there. Feel something. The iconic looks that you've had, how involved were you in Carrie's style? I think Pat and Molly would probably characterize this the same way. It was, it was always a real conversation and I, I'll try to paint a picture. I'd come to a fitting, it would be 11 o'clock at night at wrap, or it could be two in the afternoon. And the, the fittings could be anywhere from two to five hours and that wouldn't always cover an episode.


So I would walk in, there were racks of clothes and that those, the, the quantity of racks grew and grew over the years. Initially nobody loaned us anything. We couldn't get our hands on anything. We had I think $10,000 originally per episode as a budget. So I'd walk in and there would be racks of clothing and there would be ideas set per scene per episode. And we would talk about it, they'd show it to me. And I always tried everything on. I don't, I didn't care how ridiculous or whimsical or even hideous it was that the joy, it would bring the costume department to just see something on, as you know, it could be some crazy jumpsuit that they pulled out of someone's bin or a basement from 1971.


And it was like, ill shaped and sort of unattractive. But there was something great about it, a lot of Polaroids. So we work. So, but then once we kind of figured out what we liked per scene and we knew that it fit with perhaps other people's fittings, if someone else had fit before me, we knew their colors, we would talk about it. And then we would show the pictures to Michael or Darren, the show runner. Initially it was Darren and then they'd have feelings. They'd come back and we'd talk about it and we'd plead our case in some instances where they didn't want us to wear something and we had to sort of, you know, our case before the court. But more and more so was is the case that it's just big conversations.


And it usually starts about three months before where shooting even two months prior to prep. Molly and I are already figuring out, so I started my fittings in February for this season and we started shooting in April. And your whole life, were you a big fashion girl or did this happen because of the show? I, I wasn't somebody that my mother really loved, beautiful clothing and we didn't have money to have beautiful clothing, but she was very industrious and we lived in a wealthy neighborhood. We were like the least wealthy people, the affordable house and you know, in those days, church tag sales.


And she was really smart about getting her hands on beautiful things for little or no money. So in our home she liked beauty and she made some of her clothes she could sew. So I grew up understanding that things were worthy, things were beautiful, things were well made, things were good quality fabric. Things were hard to find that, you know, that PDA or that file would be very expensive by the yard. And so I understood it, but I didn't have my hands on a lot of it. And then when I started living on my own, I would still see things in New York City that I understood to be good, but I didn't or even important.


But I didn't necessarily have the financial opportunity to get my hands on them. And I was pretty strict about sort of what I thought would have a life. I was thinking about it because I saw recently online it was a part of an interview you did and you talked about how you negotiated in your contract that you got to keep every single one of Carrie's outfits and you have it archived. I'm like, Sarah Jessica, how the hell did you pull that off? And it's from episode one. It's from episode one. Yeah. It's, you know, I will, none of the credit is mine because previous to Sex and the City, I started working with a new attorney before I even met my husband. So about 35 years ago.


And one of The most important things he said to me outside of the fact that I think he's a terrific businessman and a great and fair attorney is that from the beginning of our relationship, he said, you should always keep your clothing no matter what it is. And he said some studios are gonna be harder to negotiate with about that 'cause they like to have their own archive and that makes sense. And he was totally right. There are studios that really wanna hang on to stuff. So it's a, a very complicated dance to get your pieces. But, so by the time I was doing Sex and City, it was just in my contract that I have everything I, I mean with the exception of something that a designer loaned us that needed to go back or a consignment piece from a vintage shop.


But often those same designers would end up saying, just keep it, have it be part of that archive. So yeah, it's a huge amount. How often do your daughters ask to borrow clothes? You know what, so many people rightfully ask that. They just don't. They don't, No, they, they're not Girls. They like clothing and I'll get a text couple times a month asking can they purchase something? They're, but they mostly, they mostly buy their clothes used. Okay. Almost entirely. Which I think is pretty common now with it is girls, young women their age, they'll be 16 later this month.


So they're pretty steady. They don't tend to be trend. They don't move toward that. They know they don't have a budget, they don't have money with, with the exception of what they've earned. And one of them is a little bit better at earning than another who's pretty, she saves pretty well, they'll, they both had jobs last summer. Okay. Do they ask for fashion advice? They'll ask me. They'll ask me, you know, what do you think of that? Or what about this dress for this occasion? Maybe they'll ask about shoes. My shoes don't fit them. It's really a tragedy. I'm actually not kidding. I find it really tragic that, wait, that's Actually the worst.


They can't, one of them can sort of squeeze squeeze, but their taste is different than mine right now too. Like what I have is not necessarily of interest. They've never seen the show. So they haven't an idea about what is available to them yet. But I do give, I give them stuff of mine. Yeah. All the time. All the Time. I think that makes sense though. 'cause I think back to my own mother and well also my mom is not you so love you Lori if you're watching this. But my mom was like way more like Polo and Bermuda shorts and like, that's not gonna cut it for me. I want something glamorous. But as I got a little older, I started to really appreciate like her vintage Levi's.


Yeah. So maybe eventually, Who knows, they will eventually like tap into the Carrie Bradshaw archive and be like, I needed Yeah. Not maybe a dress for prom. Still not that age, but maybe in their twenties they're gonna hit It. I would, yeah. And I would loan, I, I think I would be happy to loan them anything out of my closet. Right now I don't really have as many clothes as people think. What is a piece from Carrie's closet that you still wear today? Nothing I keep, I keep in my personal closet, which everything else is an archive. I keep this belt that I named Roger and I dunno why it's a belt from later years episodes.


It's a studded leather belt that Carrie wore a lot. A lot, a lot. And it was, I think in the movie and it's reappeared. Carrie, you know what, I think Carrie first first wore it when she was shopping in DVF store in the meat packing and she had on a pink linen shift and around her waist was a hard leather belt, a vintage belt that's, you know, about this wide. And it's studded and it's really old and hardy. It's like a muscle. And for some reason I have that, I never, I never sent that to archive. Yeah. What you, you don't know why you called it Roger? I think we were reaching for it so much, which happens in fittings where something becomes like a favorite and it just kept being right for everything.


And so I don't know why I named it Roger. I just, it just seemed easier and more efficient to everyone know instead of saying the black leather with the studs and just Roger. Roger. Yeah. Grab Roger. How is your personal style different from Carrie's Very, not nearly as brave. Not as kind of, not as conscious about body and what clothes, how clothes lay on a body, which I guess has to do more with, like I said, being brave and just access to way more, like a much more, I always say it's like she has a much more fevered relationship to fashion than I have.


So she just has so much more, it's so decadent. The amount of things. Yes. You know, pieces and layers and hats and belts, shoes obviously coats, gloves. And I don't, I just don't have that. You know, When you were referencing earlier that your kids don't really lean into trends, this is a very pressing question. Okay. Oh my God, I hope I'm capable of answering it. You've got This. Okay, you've got this. There is no right or wrong answer. Okay. Okay. Sarah Jessica Parker, would you put a labu boo on your designer bag?


What is that? Oh my God, you guys are laughing at me. No, no, no, no. Wait, hold on a second. What is, wait, I just want you to know I don't own one of these so don't judge me. Someone put this on my bag earlier. Oh, so this is A, are these like dolls? They look like cuppy dolls. So people are buying these things again. Clarifying. I've never bought one. Okay. Did someone send them to you? Someone in this room owns them. We're not gonna judge. Okay. No, no, no. I'm not judging at all. It's a curiosity. It's like a, it's like an archeology, like a, like a dig. So people are buying these for extremely high price. What people are waiting in line for hours to get these things. Do you think, Do you feel comfortable telling me what you think one of them costs?


Like is that a Prada for now it's going higher because there's so few that people are trying to get these. Wow. Would you ever put this on your bag? You can be honest. 'cause I wouldn't, I think I wouldn't. But not because I'm better than that. Yeah. Yeah. And not because I'm above it, I just, It's not your style. I didn't, I don't think I ever hang hung a lot from a bag. Even when scarves started being tied around bags. Oh yes. People are adding things to bags and chains a lot. But you've never been to chain adding bag girl? No. Okay. So SJ P'S not putting a labu boo on her purse. But Once again, not because I don't Yes. Care for it or think it's silly. Everybody do what you want.


Yes, a hundred percent. I Like that clarification. Do what you want. Yes. And now how long has this been happening? This labu boo thing? It's a New trend for sure. I would say this past month it's really popped off. Okay. That people have had it for a little bit, but it's really coming. Can you just said something, did you say popped off? Popped off? Yes. So that means Ooh, like really big. Became big like A thing. Yeah. Okay. Viral. Yeah, viral. Did it go? Did Labu go viral? Your daughter were like, yes. Mom, pop off Queen. Oh God. Oh my God. Okay. Her Sad. Let's go back for a second. You mentioned obviously your mom and where you guys lived. Everyone obviously knows you as a New York girl, but you're from Ohio. I'm high, yes. I moved to New York when, on January 1st, 1977.


So I was 11 or 12. Yes. Cincinnati. What was your hometown like? Cincinnati. Wonderful. We go back to Cincinnati all the time. It is a very impressive, exciting city. Okay, I'm gonna take your word for it. And it's beautiful. It's beautiful. Done. Yeah. Seven siblings. Yes, I'm one of eight. What was the dynamic like in your house? Like was it chaotic ever? Yeah, it was chaos all the time. It was, my mother amazingly survive. My mother just, it was a military operation without any of the infrastructure. So she was really strict and scary and had very high standards.


And I'm going to, I'm gonna use the phrase that she yelled, but as a parent I can now recognize that it wasn't yelling. It's the, it's the level you need to speak at when you're trying to organize packs of people and get people wrangled. But it was, you know, a messy house. A loud house. It was really funny. And there was always a record on or music or the news and yeah, like always Something. Yeah, Always noise.


Always. Can you describe yourself as a kid? Very curious. I would probably say that I was nosy as well. Like I wanted to, I wanted to hear and know everything. I stared a lot at people. Like I was always looking at everybody. I, I liked any new thing. I liked any chance to get out of the house. I loved going to the theater. Cincinnati has a really incredible theater called the Playhouse in the park. And my father was a stage manager there, so we went to a lot of theater and University of Cincinnati, their conservatory has an incredible theater department.


We went to the ballet all the time, like there was a lot of opportunities to be outside, like literally and psychically. Eventually you get to New York City. Can you tell me though, like once you really start working and acting in your early days, what was the hardest lesson you had to learn in those? Like kind of beginning big days of acting, You just don't get the job. You don't get the job, you just audition and audition and audition and audition and you don't get the job. And it's, there's something about it that's very bleak, sincerely, but it's the very best thing that can happen to you.


And I know people kind of frame all conversations about building a career that way. And it's probably true across industries. There's a lot of virtue that we put on failure. And I'm not quite talking about failure, I'm talking about getting better at trying, getting better at auditioning plain and simple. In my case, just being better at it, maybe being more prepared, maybe being more comfortable, better certainly at not getting the job and having it not like crater you. So the biggest lesson I got from those early days is, yeah, you pick yourself up and you move on.


And in my case, you know, I, I didn't have like, I needed to support myself by the time I was really on my own, which I, I moved out when I turned 18, I had a little money in the bank from square pegs, but not a big amount. I knew exactly how much money I had in the bank and I took it out like very judiciously. I, I tried to get by on $40 like for three days because I just didn't know for sure. I knew I would work, but the investment, the 10 auditions for the one job or the 20. But I just simply think it's really good for us. And I feel like you're so much more equipped even to have this conversation because you're constantly talking to people your age and younger about how to pursue something and have it be meaningful and the difference between that and pursuing success.


And there's this big chasm that exists between creating a career and having that be your destination and having your destination being success or fame or wealth. And I think they're at odds. Yes, I agree. There's a lot of times where when you're talking about getting rejected essentially in these moments, which is so hard when you love something and something is your true passion. Yes, of course everyone has an ego and it's going to sting, but a lot of times you can turn it around and self-motivate again to be like, I'm gonna just keep going because this is the thing I want so badly. Yeah. Which I know in your case, like with Broadway and all of it, like this is who you are to the core. You've wanted this Yeah.


You want to be performing Right, right. In some Capacity performing but not famous. Exactly. Performing but not rich performing but not wealthy performing but not powerful. Like none of that used to exist as, as something you work toward. Now I, I'm not speaking for everybody, but I don't recall any conversation ever for the majority of my youthful career when I was building one that I heard anybody talk about fame or any of the collateral stuff that accompanies that. And I just feel like it was healthier for all of us, you know?


And, and I don't not, I'm not entirely sure I understand what all the other stuff really adds. I mean there's security and financial gain. There is so much and it's yes, such a relief to be able to pay your bills. But I don't know. No, I will add to that. I think a lot of people, one, it is way there is more ability to get fame nowadays. It's, it's almost like it's quite accessible. Yes. Especially with the internet. Yeah. And I think yes, it's almost like take finances out of it. Of course money can help in so many ways. Yeah.


Like that isn't obvious, but fame as a concept, I actually think it's the rise and people getting to it that they think it's going to solve something within themselves. Yeah. And if you probably ask anyone with fame, how do you feel about the fame? Everyone's gonna be like, well I actually love my job, but I hate that part of it. Yeah. So it's almost like once you get to that top, don't, if you're going for the fame, you're not gonna actually feel fulfilled. 'cause there's actually nothing within fame. Yeah. And it's too elusive. Yeah. You can't It's unreliable. It's fickle. But I feel like we both have to be so careful, like there's nothing wrong with wanting to have people know who you are. Yes. And I I and I think it all the water, all the water is like very muddied.


Yes.


You then eventually got fame. Let's talk about sex in the city. We all have that piece. You know, the one, the thing that's, so you, you've basically become known for it. And if you don't have yours yet, you'll find it on eBay. Let me put you on fashionistas. eBay is where you'll find those one of a kind can't stop researching, stay up dreaming about pieces. I'm talking that m mu off the runway, red Leather Bomber, the CTO Barcelona top with the cowboy on it, or that Patagonia fleece in the 2017 colorway. All these fines are on eBay and they even offer millions of main character pieces backed by authenticity guarantee. eBay is the place for pre loved and vintage fashion. eBay things, people love


insurance may all seem the same on the surface, but having insurance isn't the same as having State Farm. It's like getting a granola bar with a candle in it. When you wanted a three layer birthday cake, you wouldn't settle for just any dessert on your birthday. So don't settle for just any insurance when it comes to getting the help you need. State Farm is the real deal, like a good neighbor. State Farm Is there.


Let's talk about sex in the City. What was your first impression of Carrie Bradshaw? I really liked her. I mean, I was, I I would say more than even liking her, I, I just found it very compelling. All I had was the pilot script. I did know who Candace was because I was a New Yorker and I knew about her column in The Observer. We all knew that paper because it was pink, which is unusual for, that's a broad sheet I think. But, and somebody had sent me the book and I don't know why. So I was familiar with her work. The script was pretty slight, like it wasn't a long pilot, but first of all, the way she was speaking, like her choice of language, I'd never seen or heard a woman talk like that.


And there was a kind of darkness to the pilot script that I thought was very exciting to imagine. And there's the last moment as described almost entirely in stage direction, is she meets this fellow big, he gives her a ride, he says, Hey, can I give you a ride? They, they have a sort of flirty, slightly withholding conversation in the back of a town car. I miss a town car. And do you know what a town car is? Yes, I do. I do. You guys don't know what a town car is, do you? If you saw it, you two would be a town car.


It is cute. And he, he, he asks Carrie, you know, have you ever been in love? And she says something flippant to him about, I don't remember what she says. And he drops her off at her apartment and she gets out and the cameras as described, I think in the pilot script. The camera stays on Carrie. And she walks toward her apartment door and she quickly turns around and she goes up to the window and she knocks on the window, like with her knuckles. And he, he reels it down and she says, have you ever been in love? And he says, can I curse please? Okay. He says, abslutely, but he doesn't say it like that.


He says it beautifully. He says, abslutely. And she turns around and walks back to her door. Her door and his car, I think pulls away in the background and the, the camera just freezes on her. And I was like, well, now we got a story. And I just was like, well, where could this, where could it possibly end? You can just, whether these two together separately. There's so much. It felt to me that there was a huge amount there. I had Chills you just describing that. I'm like, okay. Like it was perfect. What did you admire The most about her?


Her kind of candor. Her curiosity about sex and sexual politics, which is not like me. I don't talk about that at all. Even with friends, I, I'll talk about it globally, but not, I don't sit and share it intimate details of my life that way. I liked that she was sort of circumspect about when she wrote that she had a kind of thing about this was what happened and how well, how does it relate to the world? How does it relate to other women? And I, I admired that she was scrappy, you know, she was like a little survivor. She had like instincts to like, keep her head not always making smart choices and falling short of being the best friend or the best girlfriend or her best self.


But I also was very happy that they were riding her that way. Was there anything that frustrated you about Carrie? So, no. And yeah, and I say that like slightly chag grinned because I know as much as I don't read anything, I, you can glean that people, there's a sentiment sometimes that she's frustrated or she's selfish or she makes poor decisions or she doesn't manage her money. Well yeah, all of that has been true over the course of the last 25 years.


But she's also been like hugely loyal, decent, reliable, a really good friend, generous, available, present, comforting given of herself in, you know, in big, in small ways that are private and public to her and among her friends. And she loves like, so frustrated. If I were watching her and if I were her friend and I would see a misstep or see her keep repeating something, you know, whatever.


However she was choosing to deal with big, I'm, I'm sure I would feel frustration or I would feel like, but as an actor playing it, I want all of it. I, I want all of it. And also I think we forgive our male characters, our our male leads. We have no problem if they're, you know, murderers. Right. You know, like we have honestly like, so true. My favorite show in that period is Sopranos. Like it's my, and I love Tony Soprano, like, I don't know if you guys watch Sopranos, but it's one of the great television shows in the history of American television.


But Tony Soprano was a deeply flawed man, but we didn't talk as much about that as we did Carrie having an affair with a married man. You know, it was just very curious to me. Or they'd say she's selfish. And I was like, I can give you 10 reasons and ways in which she wasn't. And you're like hyper fixated on this. Yeah. So frustrated. No, but I can, I can absolutely understand. If you're along for the ride, you can be like, lady girl. It's such a good point. I think it's so fair. And I think that's also a lot of, even criticism also comes from women and I think it's just because we criticize ourselves so much.


Yeah. We're very good at that. Beyond Yeah. A plus in that category. Yeah. But I think when people are watching, a lot of times I even felt like you really become so obsessed with these women that maybe a lot of the critique is because these, we actually as viewers are like, no, you're my best friend Carrie. Yeah. Like, I'm with you, but like, we gotta get it together. Yeah. Gotta get it together. So that's fair to hear you as an actress being like, oh, I loved her and I, but I so get where you're coming from, but like, doesn't bother Me. And that's, and I, I think that the way you characterize that, that kind of voiced frustration is so wonderful.


Even if they're mad, even I feel like, gosh, to be part of something that is, that people have such strong feelings for and against and those feelings can change and they think they're made, they've made decisions about people and then the people surprise them. And Carrie matures too. But there wouldn't really be a show if she had been a more stellar, consistently stellar human being. There's no, there's, that's that's it. The end Done. Yeah. Done at the pilot. Yeah. See you all. Bye. Yeah. The show really celebrated female confidence behind the scenes.


At that time in your life, how did you feel about yourself? Probably the same level of confidence one feels on their best day and the lack of it that one feels on a middling or your worst day. And I do think that being on a television show in particular that grabs people's attention was probably a real test of coping. Like my coping mechanisms. 'cause I wasn't prepared, and this was before social media, so I really wasn't prepared for public commentary.


And I think that is, that was really unpleasant at times where people would have opinions not about the work you, everyone's allowed to, everyone's a critic, but at the time there were fewer of them and they had their feelings about the show. And sometimes I felt like we all felt like, well you're not really, you're misunderstanding, but that's a separate thing that's like an academic conversation. It was the personal stuff that I was really not prepared for. So at that time I thought I was a fairly confident person. Not boastful not, it wouldn't be a confidence you could detect, it was just the way you get up every day and try to get on with your life and take care of yourself and the people you care about and love.


But I think it really comes into question and is tested when, when you're kind of fileted in a way, when you're opened up. And I know you know this, we're better for those kinds of experiences, but not all of us are good at it right away. And It doesn't mean it doesn't hurt. Yes. And I think that was the thing is that up to that point, I would just, I just never had people have, and there was no chatter about me. There was no chatter about me. There was just my work. What were some of the comments that would be the hardest that got you?


I think just discussions of my physical person. Like stuff that I couldn't change and wouldn't change and had never considered changing. Or even still after hearing something that was like what somebody would say that even still no interest in changing it. And also, and I think once again, you can appreciate this and you, I feel like you found a better way. I didn't feel like it was actually a conversation. I didn't feel like I could sit in a room and someone would say to me, you're really unattractive. And then I could say, wow.


Well first of all, that's like hard to hear. But second of all, why are you, why are you, why do you seem angry about it? Why, why do you feel it's necessary to comment, to say it? To comment? And I think it was really only, only one time, and I don't really remember specifically the occasion except it was brought to my attention that a magazine said something really, really mean about, you know, who I am, how I look. And I was like, I was like someone, it was like a kick in the rubber parts. I was just like, why?


Why is this a problem? Why is this deserving of your time and why do you seem to delight in saying it? And I called my friends two of my friends who happened to be male because I knew that they might know about it. And I was just like, I was sobbing because it felt so purposeful. And I think that's the only time I really cried about it. And I think it was just like an accumulation of like maybe a season of that kind of commentary, which nobody was trying to make me aware of it.


But it get, you know, it gets Back to you. It gets in. Yeah. It's interesting though because like you said, how maybe there it is a little different now. Like in my position, yes, I can like, come on and speak like this, but like back then I, the analogy you used was so interesting where you're like, I feel like I'm like being put out basically like a filet almost. Yeah. And it's just like I'm getting seared and I, and then, and you're an actress, so you're not, you're playing this character. People are commenting on you, you're going to the grocery store, you're seeing your face on magazines, they're giving commentary on your looks. This isn't the day of magazines. Oh my God. Yeah. And then you just have to go back to work. Whereas now, yes, we can go online and I can make in a whole episode about it of why do we feel so comfortable commenting on women's bodies?


Why do we feel like women have to actually look like a statue where we celebrate men and a beer belly? Yeah. And it's like, everyone's like, he's hot. Yeah. And it's like, it's just the double standards are insane. Yeah, yeah. And talking more about it. I appreciate you sharing that because I think so many women watching this would be like, wait, what? You're literally one of The most beautiful women in the world. Like, what does that? And yet here we are, we can never be good enough for the standards. Yeah. So at what point do we actually just be like, you have to just let it go. Yeah. But it's so fucking hard. I think maybe you, there's like a, a threshold where Maybe, you know, crying about it because it just seemed so cruel, was like done.


I do wonder, like, and I'm sure you've said this, and many, anyone who's been criticized, you can't help but wonder, I couldn't help but wonder. Sorry. That's okay. Would you say it to my face? Would you? They will Never, I don't know. Anyway, Mic chop. You were already married by the time you started filming Sex in the City, but I just got married the night before. Like I, we were married. We were married. I told Darren we were supposed to start sooner. And I said, I we, I'm gonna tell you a secret, Darren, but I'm getting married on May 19th, but we don't really want to share that publicly, so can we start shooting? And I was doing a musical on Broadway at the time also.


So the show closed and the next day I started, so the show closed, I think June 1st and the next morning, Monday morning I started shooting the show. So I was 10 days married Before that period of your life. How did your dating life compare to Miss Carrie Bradshaw? It didn't compare. It doesn't compare at all. It was much less colorful, less busy. I dated, but I would be, I would meet someone and date and then that would be a relationship. You know, it lasted seven years, you know. You were a Relationship Girl. Yes. Yes. Did You have a type? No.


No. You were sat there? No, I don't really think I have had it. I don't think I have a type. Do You think you and Carrie would've ever dated the same man? Yes, I do. Big was always sending Carrie mixed messages, mixed message, obviously eye roll. But I feel, I feel like we all have that one guy that we gave too many chances to. What was a moment in your dating life where you realized like, okay, I actually like have to cut this off. Like I've given this person too many chances. The first person that I really, I had a really lovely boyfriend at the end of high school, like really spectacular human being.


And then I met somebody else who was also really interesting and exciting and a dazzler and had no interest in being in a relationship. And I was really, really, really young. And so that, like, I, I was like, what do you mean look how, but he, I, I was so, I just couldn't believe it. So that was an appropriate heartbreak. Like that was a good old fashioned sitting by the phone. Today's gonna be different. This is today's day. And but after that I met a fella and you know, he was handsome, but he, he was not the best choice for me.


And I think it was too many conversations that were not fruitful. Like they didn't, they were a waste of time. And I actually, I appreciated that he was a beautiful, handsome man that people Yes. Said, my God, he's handsome. But I discovered I don't, I didn't care. I don't care if we cannot speak if we can't. Right. You're like, what are we doing? What are we doing? You're now, you're beautiful. But like at what point am I now going to bed being like I'm lonely.


Yeah. We haven't spoken When there was nothing. Yeah. There's just nothing there. Yeah. I know ladies like, looks only go so far. Yeah. You need the depth, you need the connection. I think that's so relatable. Humor And intelligence. Yes. And complexity. And surprise Him being interested in you. Yes. And asking follow up questions. Yes. Yes. A follow up question. The simple things was there were just, anyway, not a bad person, just No, not right for you. Yeah. If you needed relationship advice, who from the core four would you want to call in the show? I suppose if you just want someone to comfort you, you reach, you'd call it Charlotte. Yes. You know, because she's so naturally comfort.


I'm gonna say she's maternal in the because she is. She is actually maternal. Yes. The character is, and it's a, it's like a source of pride that she can soothe. I think if you want like sound harsh, not sound, not harsh. Sound firm. Miranda. And then if you want some nuance and like you wanna open it up to a larger conversation. Carrie


Torrid fits don't miss from life-changing jeans to cute tops and dresses to brass that are actually comfortable. Torrid has your dream wardrobe covered in sizes 10 to 30. Discover towards unforgettable new brands like Breezy, romantic, Festy, goth and gorgeous nightfall vintage, retro chic and preppy. Pretty Bell Isle torrid for every day, every way and everything you are shop torrid.com and use promo code podcast 40 for 40% off your first online order. Terms and conditions will apply void or prohibited.


Insurance may all seem the same on the surface, but having insurance isn't the same as having State Farm. It's like getting a granola bar with a candle in it. When you wanted a three layer birthday cake, you wouldn't settle for just any dessert on your birthday. So don't settle for just any insurance when it comes to getting the help you need. State Farm is the real deal. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there,


Sex in the City was essentially, I feel like the first time on television that women talked about sex and pleasure in a really open way. How do you think the conversations on the show actually allowed women to have more sexual agency in real life? I mean, I, I guess what I could tell you is that probably about a year into the show airing, I could see evidence of its the way it was impacting New York City. Say you'd see groups of women all of a sudden in tables leaning into each other, not leaning in, which I, I can't stand the phrase, but I mean physically.


Yes. Like clustered and, and you'd see them in fours walking down a sidewalk, like lined up like almost like a piece of equipment, which I'd never really, now maybe I was like hypervigilant because of what we were doing all day long. So, and then just the anecdotal stuff of all the women that just came up to me and said all these years, you know, I, I was allowed to be me. I have different relationships because what I saw I wanted, I wanted to talk, or perhaps more so importantly the multiples, the thousands who have said to me over the years, that's me.


That was me. I never heard somebody say on television or in cinema talking with my friends, like the way we talk, the way the truth of the way we eng we conduct our relationships, which is all intimacy, it's all sharing, it's all needing, it's all helping. It's all truths, it's all hurting each other. So I think like that, that combination I'm aware of, but I think the larger, like where does it sit? How has it, I think I'm just like, I am not able to see it. And I think that's so fair. I also think like it's probably also easy to digest in those moments when you meet a woman on the street and she shares that with, you're like, that's amazing.


That's beautiful. I'm so happy. A piece of work and art that I've put together with a group of people has impacted that way. Like I think for me, I remember the way that comedy was used to lighten the conversation for women around something that historically has been so taboo. Taboo. Yeah. It was, it almost makes you think when you're in your room at night watching it, if you're alone or with your friends, you're like, why do I feel so awkward to talk about something that should be liberating? Yeah. If I want it to be right. Right. Like if you want to engage in that capacity. Yeah. And I felt like for me, even at the genesis of starting Call Her Daddy, like I remember that in the back of my head even of like feeling empowered to just go for it because I knew that had impacted the way that I felt comfortable.


So if I now do a new iteration on my show, other women hopefully will continue to feel Yeah. More liberated. Yeah. And so I also think the lack of shame, I think the debriefs with women was such a beautiful element of freedom it gave to women to be like there, why can men just so casually talk about sex? Like for women, if you want you can also be celebrated and enjoy it. Yes. So there was so many nuances to it, which I completely understand. It's like, where do we begin? You could do a million part series on it, but I just wanted to tell you like it changed my life. So thank you. Well, It's good writing and it's great that they stuck, not stuck with it, but it's great that they, the writers like felt convinced of the idea and you know, then you, you do with it what you want.


You want. Yes. Obviously the show is really based in these beautiful friendships. And I have to bring up because I've obviously hung out with him. He came on my tour. Mr. Andy Cohen. Thank you. You guys are close friends and I feel like people are obsessed with your guys friendship. It's quite cute. It's so funny. What is his best quality as a friend? There's multiple, and Andy has talked about this both in his books and on the air. Andy has said yes to everything. He has like gobbled up life. He's tireless. He wants to taste it, experience it, see it, hear it, know it, travel to it.


He has a a, a very attractive Jo Viv. And he is very proud of his friends. He's very always noting people's accomplishments. Always. That's big. We had a club years and years ago of everybody downtown. It sort of fell apart 'cause people moved and stuff. But it was called the Knit wits. And we would meet and there was the deputy, there was the vice prince, vice president, there was a president, there was a secretary, there was a treasurer.


And then Andy would write the letter to the group like once a month. It was the Neitz newsletter. And the entire beginning, or the majority of the text, of the body, of the work was everybody's accomplishment over the last month. Everybody's success story didn't have to be a big deal, you know, to the wider world. So that's just his nature and I think that's why he loves parenting so much and why it felt so necessary for him to be a parent, was to be involved in somebody else's life. Because he, you know, as much as his reputation and his public profile is, is wrapped around, you know, women that sometimes, you know, fight or behave poorly or whatever.


And he's a good shitster and he knows how to, he is do it on the show. He's good. His nature is to be, you know, up here and, and Uplifting. Yeah. Okay. This is a little bit of a pivot, but I do wanna just quickly ask you, because I know a lot of women are listening. Do you have any advice for women who want kids but are also afraid that they may fall behind in their career? Oh wow. What do you say to them? I mean, I just recently talked about this. I think it's like being really in tune with yourself because I think the reality is as a woman, it is going to be different, but hopefully in a beautiful way different, right.


And I had spoken about with my husband that we thought we wanted to try this past year, and now I realize I'm not ready. Yeah. And that's okay. And I felt shame and weird about it. And I was upset with myself just because I was like, how was I so sure about something? But really I want to, I have so much more I wanna be selfish with. And I think as women, it's hard to be selfish. Yeah. And it goes against our being. Yeah. So I wanna be selfish a little bit longer, and I think that's okay. So my advice is, take your time. I don't think there's ever a perfect time, but listen to yourself and don't allow exterior factors to impact you just In general. That's just right. Oh, That's outside of fertility issues. Yes. Or thinking about planning a family.


That's really good advice. Yeah. In my opinion, it's really good advice. I, I couldn't agree more. And I think The most important thing that I think you said, well no, it's equally important to other things, is there's no right time because that's what makes it so confusing for yourself and for so many women. You think, okay, I'll just accomplish this and then it'll be a better time. And then maybe you are, you do it, you accomplish that and you think, but wait a second. But because of those accomplishments, now this opportunity exists and I'm not quite ready because I know I won't be able to be the same professional person. Yeah. So I would say, first of all, there's, there's not a right time.


So you have to kind of keep looking at your life with honesty. And also it's really nice to have somebody to talk about it to with whom you can speak about. It doesn't have to be partner. 'cause a lot of people are choosing to have families without having somebody to talk to. I think that, 'cause we, I think we spent a lot of time with fear and anything that's complicated in our heads and the minute we can talk about it, oh my gosh, it feels so much better. Such a release. So I think finding somebody to talk to who you trust, and you know, like you said, just beating yourself up is, is it really isn't in like, you're spending so much time trying to make good decisions and Right decisions for you and for potentially have a a, a baby, you know?


So true. So be decent to yourself about it. Be decent. Let's talk about and just like that, we're back. We're Back. What was it like returning and playing Carrie? Because like, I was thinking about it, you've, you were gone obviously for a while on the show and now you guys have been back, but like, is it weird? Does it feel the same? Like how, how do you feel? Well, when I first started talking to Michael Patrick about it, it was March of 2020 or April of 2020. And I started talking to him about potentially doing a podcast because we had, he and I had never talked about what it took to make the show.


And I thought it was a nice idea to kind of do like, or could be potentially interesting to do like an all access backstage pass to like really what, how do you produce this show? And in the course of those conversations, he said, why aren't we just doing the show again? And I said, wow, I can't believe you said that. Because every time it had come up prior to that, it just never felt like the right time. But when we were all at home, I felt like everybody was looking for home in a way that they weren't experiencing in their home.


And that meant their friends, like what people really missed outside of like being with family, which for some people was a really great experience, but they missed their friendships outside of their family. And we thought, well, that's why it's right now. Because everybody's looking for home and Carrie's always been looking for home. And the way she tries to find that is with her friends. Like, how do they guide you home? And so in theory, it felt really good. It was terrifying. I mean, the table read was so happy. We were all so happy to be together again. Like it was a perfect day.


But I was really nervous for the first two weeks, three weeks of, of, of our first season. And I am typically anyway at the top of every project. Doesn't matter how many times I've played a part, you just start constantly like, is this how I walk? Is this how I talk? Is this, I mean, no, is this how she walks? Is this how she talks? You know, does she run this way? What's what feels right and correct now? So that's just the way I examine everything anyway. But Did you watch any of the old Sex in the City to remember anything? No, I've never seen most of it. I've never watched the show.


I watched it in the beginning and there was a period in which I was getting dailies and rough cuts from the studio. But I finally begged off because a, I wasn't keeping up Michael Patrick wanted, he's like, you've gotta watch it, you've gotta gimme notes, you've gotta watch it. And then I realized that I wasn't being helpful because it was so unpleasant for me to watch myself that I couldn't see the work completely. And that's not a good producing partner. I was able to be a partner in lots of other ways. So I would say easily by second season I wasn't watching at all. And I've never seen almost anything.


I saw the final episode ever because Michael had a screening of it live as it was happening live, which was pretty incredible. But that's just was an opportunity for all of us to be together. And I think the only time I understood that the show was in the world in the way it was, because we had been so kind of purposefully cloistered from too much chatter, you know, peripheral blah, blah blah. Yeah. So was it came home from seeing that episode and that was season six. So I hadn't seen almost anything up to that point after season one.


And we turned on the, we were just, the news was on and under the, what do they call that? The, Yeah, like the banner. Yes. News banner. It Said, Carrie ends up with big on CNN. And I was like, do they know who Carrie is? And they know if they say big what that means. And John, maybe they said, John and I only then thought, wow, that's making a big assumption that there's gonna be people in the broader world that know who Carrie is. They do honey. Oh, they do. Did you, of all the years that you were away from her, did you miss her or were you for a while at ease with like, yeah, it's okay.


I Always feel good when we stop because I feel as if Michael's been so cl clever about, like, if somebody said to me, do you miss her? I'd say like, I, no, I think she's, well, you know, we'd leave a season, I'm gonna cry Or a movie. And I would think, but she was, she seemed really well last time I saw her, you know? So I always felt like he left her in in, in, not in good hands because she's in her own hands, but having sorted things out and finding a kind of contentment that is sustains a person.


And those friendships I trusted would remain even if they change and they do. So I didn't miss her. I always felt that Michael, that we, you know, did right by her In this moment because I feel like it changes. Right. What do you hope your legacy will be within the Sex and the City franchise era? Gosh, I never thought about me pose. I hope the work is good. Like I really do care about the work and I think I care because of the audience.


Like, I feel such a, a debt of gratitude that will never be able to be paid back properly. So the work matters because for all these years, people have paid to have us in their home. They've actually paid to have us in their home. And they were the gang of 10 million from the beginning. It was slow, but they were, they were as much a part of the show as we were. And so I feel, for me, the work that has been so important to me is in large part about the audience's work and time spent with us, which is equally as important.


And the two cannot, we can't exist without them and the commitment they've made. And so therefore I made a commitment that I would care about every little detail. And some people make fun of me on the set for the kind of vigilance around detail. And, but I think it all adds up and the audience sees and knows it all better than I do. So That's Beautiful. Last question. Okay. Really? Oh, that's so sad. I know, I know, I know. I could stay here all day with you. No, no, no. You gotta, you gotta go home. In what ways has playing Carrie Bradshaw shaped you as Sarah Jessica Parker?


Well, I suppose in ways that don't really matter, in ways that matter. So sometimes on a seemingly surfacey level, and then more so in ways that matter, the idea of breaking rules. Think I learned very early that Carrie is a rule breaker and when she's doing it sartorially with clothing, it's people love it. And then sometimes when she does it in her interpersonal relationships, it's the not as successful or it has been because she was willing to risk convention and be yourself.


So I would say I came to look at rules different because I was somebody that always followed rules. Like I really did believe in them because I felt that they were like a kind of constant that was good for us. And Carrie didn't always, and there was a lot that came up that made her life better by being completely herself. But I'm wary, you know, I wasn't unaware of the ways in which it was harmful, even if briefly so that, and I would say that though, none of us have the time that she has had to devote to friendship.


I so admire the way that friendships are like foundationally The most important thing. And a lot of us have spent a lot of time working and I always have had friends that were important to me, but I was envious of the way, the time and the way she took care of those friendships. And it made me want to be a better friend. It taught me, even if I wasn't able to mimic it. 'cause life doesn't give us time to have lunch all the time with our friends. No, but even if you put aside that kind of luxury of time and leisure, it's still like, it's still something to aim for.


I agree. I cannot thank you enough for sitting down with me. I feel like I'm in a dream right now and I don't know what I'm gonna wake up, but like this has truly been such an honor. Like again, thank you. I just have to reiterate it like from me starting Call Her Daddy to now actually getting to sit down with you. I have chills. I've had so many chills throughout this interview. Thank you so much for giving me the time and sitting down with me. It, Thank you for having me. Thank you. Dream guest. Thank you. And I'm really, really proud of you. Thank you. And it sounds like you're so, you're, you're, you're so healthy about the thank you the way that you're looking at your life. Thank you. And I'm sure it's a huge source of comfort to a lot of women that listen to you who are also contemplating in their lives some similar things, but also even if they're not, it's like guideposts.


So thank you for the way that you've connected with millions and millions of women and men. Yes. We didn't forget about you And, and thank you for having me and thank you and being so hospitable and lovely. It was a real treat. We did it. And safe travels home. Woo. Thank you. We did it.


Top reasons advanced manufacturing. Pros wanna move to Ohio. So many advancement opportunities for technicians, machinists, managers, operators, and more. How about a powered up paycheck and an amped up career plus the energy of big time sports and after work plenty of ways to unplug the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Build your future@callohiohelm.com.


Torrid fits don't miss from life. Changing jeans to cute tops and dresses to brass that are actually comfortable. Tort has your dream wardrobe covered in sizes 10 to 30. Discover towards unforgettable new brands like Breezy, romantic, Festy, goth, and gorgeous nightfall vintage, retro chic, and preppy. Pretty Bell Isle torrid for every day, every way and everything you are shop torrid.com and use promo code podcast 40 for 40% off your first online order. Terms and conditions will apply void or prohibited.


Insurance may all seem the same on the surface, but having insurance isn't the same as having State Farm. It's like getting a granola bar with a candle in it. When you wanted a three layer birthday cake, you wouldn't settle for just any dessert on your birthday. So don't settle for just any insurance when it comes to getting the help you need. State Farm is the real deal, like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.