
Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs. Modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to take an adventure with rugged capability and commanding style. Check out the Honda Ridge line Pilot or CR-V for a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 pilot. 1.99% a PR on a 2025 ridge line or a 2.99% a PR on a 2025 CR-V. See dealer for financing details.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent Lieb. Lnu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting, and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. So Saweetie welcome to Call Her Daddy. Hey girl. Finally, finally it's like inappropriate that it took this long for us. You know what I mean? You came to my tour and you went so fucking hard. The Daddy Gang was taking their tops off for you, screaming for you. Oh, you didn't see that? I didn't see upper balcony titties. Really? I thought that's my prettyit committee. And I had the best time with you. And I was saying to you earlier, like everyone was like, so we don't get a fucking episode. And I'm like, it's coming. It's coming. It's coming. How are you Today?


I'm good. You look amazing. You Look amazing. Can We talk about your nails? I feel like you're like very known for going hard with your nails. What inspired these nails today? And when I say these, I'm also talking about your toenails. Well, I always get bling on my feet. I've been wearing white toenail polish since I don't know, my twenties. I need like a, a white polish nail deal. Any other color. My feet look weird. I do feel like no one can go wrong with white toenails, but you have more than like white on your feet. So Saweetie, that's like glitter crystals. I wouldn't be surprised if that's a motherfucking diamond down there. It's Chrome. It's and some diamonds. How long does it take to do these nails?


It could range. Sometimes it's two hours. Sometimes it could be eight to 10 hours. If it's like free styling, like custom art paint and then jewels, it takes time. It's like drawing a mural on your fingers. What the fuck are you doing for 10 hours? Girl? I try to have meetings. I try to like multitask. Yeah. During my nail appointments, just so I can like get things done. I am like the opposite where I'm like, if I'm putting on like a fake nail, if it takes more than an hour, I'm like, I gotta go. They're like, but we haven't finished your last nail. I'm like, I don't care. I have, I am like so impatient when it comes to my nails and looking at you say I am like, and those are not press ons Uhuh.


But what inspired these is I shot two Christmas music videos and I needed to get into the, the holiday season. So these actually have snowflakes on 'em and a reindeer. We Are you a big Christmas person? Yes. I'm Filipino. Like Christmas is such a big deal in our culture. Okay. 'cause I always, whenever someone's coming out with Christmas music, I'm always like, hold on, are you as obsessed with Christmas as me? Because I go so fucking hard. Like what do you do? Oh, I turn to my husband every single year and I'm like, it's September. And he's like, we are not getting a tree, Alex. And I'm like, Okay. Real trees are fake trees. I have a real one in my living room and I go so fucking hard because like the minute fall happens, I'm, I'm ready for fucking Christmas and I wanna like edge towards Christmas.


I don't want just December to be Christmas. Like I want the whole fall experience to be leading up to the main event, if that makes sense. So my entire house I'm decorating, but last year I didn't do the outside of my house. Like do you do your house? I just do inside my living room. Okay. Yes. Yeah. You're like making it cozy. Yeah, making it cozy. What Is your favorite Christmas tradition? Christmas Eve with my family. What do you do? Like we open up presents that night. Not on Christmas day. Oh. But like my favorite childhood memories would be like my mom's mom cooking Filipino food, hella food, doing karaoke. And then at 12 o'clock we'd all open up our presents. I always used to be like, please let us open our presents on Christmas Eve. And my mom would be like one.


And then I was always like the freak. That was like trying to like open them and then rewrap them at night. No, I was Like, I was like, So my mom was like, well then you're not getting outta your presents. But I was like, I'm obsessed. And it's just like the best time. Wait, speaking of food, I'm swerving. But I have heard that you like a lot of like different concoctions of food that maybe some people would be like, wait, that's gross. Can you talk to me about some of the things that you're pairing together that are like random but good in your opinion? Okay. So do you like sushi? Of course. Okay. So like for a tuna roll. Okay. I'll get hot Cheetos and I'll smush 'em up and then I'll drizzle them over the tuna roll.


That's Fucking brilliant. It's Actually really good. But are you bringing the Cheetos into The Oh no. No girl. Only if I like do some Postmates in the house. You All like Magic. Some smuggling in some hot Cheetos. You got your big purse and you wait for the waiter to walk away. Literally like sprinkling. Not no though. Like I'm not mad about it. Okay, so Cheetos on top of sushi I've read. Is this true spaghetti with ranch Finally a rumor. That's true. Stop. When is the first time you tried that? Honestly, I grew up doing that. Like, that was so second nature to me. So when I had posted it the first time online, yeah.


I thought nothing of it. And then I was trending like an hour later and like why is this causing such a frenzy? Like You're like, I've been doing this since I was born. Yeah. Since I was born. I think Also when you're a child, like you do some stuff that like people I, I don't know, it's like, I guess like however you grow up, right? But like this is kind of fucking disgusting and I wouldn't do it now, but like I'm pretty sure when I was younger I put, oh, this is gross. I'm pretty sure I put ketchup on my mashed potatoes. Hmm. That's wait, but it's like a french fry. That's where, that's where it comes from. Period. Wait, would she wanna hear something nasty? Yeah. So when I was a little girl in the middle of the night, I used to sneak into the fridge and eat butter by itself.


And one day I got caught by my mom, like red handed, like with a whole bunch of butter. Girl, she scared the crap outta me. She was like, if you continue to eat that butter by itself, you're gonna turn into Chuckie. I promise you I never touch butter again. Shut the fuck up. Yes. No, yes. You're just raw dogging it like and biting into it. Saweetie. I know what this rock would be. You're literally like, like going in with your teeth. Yes. Would you ever smooth it out? So no one saw it in the morning or were you just leaving it little like no girl Ct? No, I was, I was going in in the middle of the night as a little kid. I, I mean listen, butter is, look at us just fully talking about food.


We're gonna talk about food the whole fucking episode. No. Okay. Your legal name is Diante? Yes Girl. Does everyone in your life call you that or do they call you su Saweetie? Some people call me Deonte. What Do your best friends call you? It depends. Tell me. It depends from what era they met me at. Okay. So my childhood best friends, they'll call me Deedee de de, my middle school friends will call me Su Saweetie because I was my MySpace name and that's where I had got so Saweetie from like my MySpace was so popping. I'd be at like high school parties or I'd be at, you know, walking to school and they'd be like, are you so Saweetie from MySpace? Yes. What the fuck were you doing on MySpace?


Girl? I Was coding the fuck outta my page. I was, you know, in the middle of the night sweaty, finding all the codes. Girl, I was a nerd. So my MySpace was like very aesthetically breathing. Stop. You were a coder from day one. I was a coder from day one. Not even knowing that I was coding girl, I should got paid for that. No Gen Z has no fucking idea. Like if you miss the MySpace era, changing the background, getting your new songs, Hiding your song or hiding your song that nobody knew about, you know? Oh my God. And so people literally just knew you because you were fucking cool. I mean, I guess. Okay, wait, but before now take me back. Before you start your MySpace. Where do you get the name Saweetie? My grandma. Yeah.


How did she give you that name? She would just call me her Saweetie. That's so fucking cute. Yeah. And then I was signing up for MySpace and at the time I didn't really like, like my name, how I love my name now only because people wouldn't pronounce it right. So I was like, I don't want to like put it up and then people just dunno how to pronounce my name. So I was like, I need some flash shit, but then I don't want it to be like basic. Yeah. So I put the A between the S and the W and the rest was history. Who knew then one day that would be like your global name that the entire world knows you as and not just like a MySpace community. But you wanna know what was even crazier is I had started like a business, a hat and a t-shirt business.


Okay. And my grandma was like, I know you're gonna be a big business woman one day. I know that you're going to need your name. So she bought Saweetie, like she bought me the website. So Saweetie like when I was like, I think, I think I was like 18 years old, 17 or 18 years old. She was like, I know you're gonna like do something so let me just get this for you because as a business woman you're gonna need to trade market. That like gives me chills. Just because like it seems like you obviously had like a pretty great relationship with your grandmother and Her. Yeah, she's everything to me. Is She still with us? Yes. Girl. She's, she's 70 going on 21. What does she think of your whole career now? She has mixed emotions. Okay. Like she loves it but when she hears like the negative press, it stresses her out.


Yeah. But she's a preacher so she goes to like war for me in prayer. She's like my prayer warrior. So she's constantly praying for me. What do you think stresses her out The most? And like what could be negative about you? I think that the fact that she knows that some of the, the rumors aren't true. Hmm. And she's just like, why don't you say anything like this isn't who you are. And I'm just like, it's just only gonna make the story bigger. So I choose not to address certain things because yeah, I don't wanna add fuel to the fire and the best way to get rid of something is to ignore it. So she just like, yeah but you know, I know my baby and that's not my baby right there. So yeah she just be going through it sometime. But how did you decide, like at what point in your career where you're like, do not give a fuck what people say about me?


'cause it's easier said than done. I Have two answers for this. Okay. So the first half I would say in the earlier on in my career I would say I would just disassociate myself from Saweetie. 'cause there's diamante and there's Saweetie. I'm like okay, if y'all knew Dia Monte to know me and to love me, y'all wouldn't be doing all this shitty stuff to me. So at first it was disassociation, but now I'm just so at peace with just who I am. I'm like God knows my heart and as long as God knows my heart, there's no problem. Saweetie, why are you getting emotional? 'cause it took so long. I get here. Tell me about that. What do you mean? Like you're talking about like your journey to get here.


Oh my. You're making me cry Girl. Should we take a water break? Cheetos and the motherfucking, I dunno why that just made me feel that way. No, because I think that when you are someone that is you know yourself like and what it took and everything and then you read like the bullshit and it's such bullshit you're like, wait, this is what I'm getting reduced to right now. Like, I mean I could be speaking out of turn like I don't know if that's your experience but Exactly. It's hard to be like guys, Oh my gosh I had to take a breath. Deep breath. No, I told myself I wasn't gonna do this today. Here we're One on clock on a Monday. Without Getting too detailed.


I'm thinking obviously of like if someone is listening, that's like becoming a new fan today or like knows you, but it's a little like, what the fuck are you guys talking about? Can you lightly just explain a little bit of what we're talking about? Like are we talking romantic? Are we talking friendship? Are we talking work beef? Like I Think it's everything because as a public figure, all parts of my life in those categories are exposed. Yeah. But I think what I get The most sensitive about is my art because I'm like, y'all motherfuckers don't know how much I put into this shit. You know? I think it is important though to recognize like, especially with artists, so much goes into it because it's a huge part of you.


Absolutely. Like you're clearly someone that's not just being handed a script and being like, wear this dress like this, sing like this. Like this is you. Yeah. I'm very peculiar. So I have to be very involved with everything. Otherwise I'll get the final product and I'll be like, we gotta change this, this and that. And then it takes away more time. So I'd rather just be hands on from the jump


Call. Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit, when you're working out, I don't know for you guys, but like I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. A upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to work out in and look great in everyday life. You need to check out their performance jogger part of re's dream knit collection. The performance jogger is great for stretching or lounging. It is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance joggers, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger. Like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends what are you putting up on top And then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay, so if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my apparel for workouts or even just for lounge, Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her Daddy. That's VU o.com/ Call Her Daddy. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


When would you ever pop off on someone? Like when are you gonna actually like never. What does it take? Never. I never want to go off on somebody because the thoughts that I think are outrageous. Saweetie, yes. No, my thoughts. And I just did my, like my DIC astrology chart. Okay. And then that and that system. My moon is a Scorpio, so it just lets you know like where my mind can go. So I'm like, don't fuck with me. For real. So you're always this calm. I try to be, 'cause I just know, I know myself. I like, I can like staring at you right now. You're so like even keel, like calm, like it's nice.


It's like relaxing actually to like be around you. Thank you. But I'm trying to envision you like, like what it takes for someone to like push you over the edge, but you rarely let it get to that point. No, Because then I also win. Yeah. Also, yeah, let's talk about that too. It's an energy exchange and it's just like, I'd rather alchemize the energy, like take it and then use this energy for something else. Like I don't wanna give that back to you. I feel like that sometimes in romantic relationships it can be hard not to go tip for tat and be like, you did this and I did this. But it feel like you've kind of gotten to a place where clearly You're like, interestingly it's weird because sometimes it's like they want a response outta you.


They don't even appreciate the the growth. No. And it like annoys them when you are like, yeah, it annoys them. No. When you're like, okay. And they're like, Wait, what? What The fuck? I literally just called you an X, Y, Z and your response is, no, you doing it right there. I can only imagine. Yeah. That must drive people insane. I mean It's kind of a superpower. I'm, I'm not as strong as you. I, I like, I, I feel the same way sometimes with my words where I'm like, I could kill you with my words. And I, I think I, when I was younger in high school and in college, if someone came for me or my friend, I almost felt like worse when I would see my friend, like someone coming for them.


And I knew they wouldn't speak up for themselves. Right. So then I was the friend that was like, hold on, let me get the fuck in here and I'm gonna say something. But then I also realized like, who is that helping in that moment? Right? Like, I don't know, I feel like sometimes I felt like being like loud and taking charge and putting the person down would like make me feel better. But like you're just getting riled up and they're just happy that you're engaging at the same level as them. Right. Where really when you're like, what are you doing? They're literally like, and they're screaming and they're being insane and you're like, what are you good? Oh my God. They wanna die. They wanna crawl into a hole. They're like, oh my God. Wait, wait. So I think it's, I agree the energy level can be interesting in the way that you interact with someone.


Can like heavily dictate also the way that you leave someone feeling about you. Absolutely. And it's took me a while to get here. Yeah. Yeah. It, I wasn't always this like poised when it came to my reaction. So trust me, like if as long as you work on it, like you'll see yourself evolve. Yeah. Yeah. Your career took off after you released the song Icy Girl. Yeah. And it's all about wealth and luxury, but obviously that's not how your life looked your whole life. I remember reading you were saying you would go on Craigslist. Yes. And stay. How did that come to be? So, you know, when you get an apartment you have to do first and last, first months and last month's rent.


Yes. And I was like, oh god buddy for first month. So I was like, okay, how do I, how do I find a loophole? And the loophole was Craigslist because when you're running or subletting a room from somebody, you're only just paying for your portion of the rent and it's their name on the lease. True. So thankfully I've had some cool roommates. My two favorite, oh my gosh. Bless this old lady's heart. There was a, there was an older lady in Studio City Oh my God. And she had a guest house and I stayed in, I stayed in her guest house and then there was another woman who I stayed with in Sherman Oaks. Her, I think her roommate was, had to go back and renew his visa.


Yeah. So I had subletted his room and I was just like being blessed with all these good roommates that were clean. Nice, respectful. I was about to Say, yeah, you can have some like horror stories. I feel like for roommates. Well honestly, you have to trust your gut. Like I'd go see some places and I'd be, I wouldn't like mess with the energy and I'd be like, I gotta go. You like knew immediately. I knew immediately. And also a red flag for any people who do do it. Yeah. Anybody who is super eager and pressing you to rent a room. I wouldn't trust that. Oh yeah. That Is good advice. Yeah. I don't know why but when you're, when you're thirsty and eager to like have a stranger come rent a room, like I don't trust that personality trait.


Yeah. You're like, why are you desperate? Yeah. Why are you desperate? Like I, I want, I want work for a little bit. Like Yeah. I don't know that something just be off a little Bit. That is like beautiful to know though that you had like a positive experience with that. Because it's weird in life when you like get matched up with people that you would probably would've never met. Yeah. And then that like has a lasting impact on you. And at such like a pivotal time for you where you were like looking for a home and trying to get to the next step of your career and to have someone be so beautiful and like lovely towards you. Yeah. That completely changes the dynamic as opposed to if you went with one of the fucking freaks that was like, come on. Yeah, come on, come on. Exactly. Tonight. Exactly. What Was, that's the vibe.


Like Where would I be if I took that offer? Let's talk about your love life. What's Happening? Are we seeing anybody? Are we in a relationship? Are we single? I am seeing somebody. Yeah. Talk to Me. Their name starts with a C. You're gonna say their name. Do you wanna know their, their name? Kind of My career girl. Saweetie. No, not me. Being like, oh my god, fuck, she's really down today. You're like Christian bull. Damn. Okay. You're dating your career.


Yeah. Intentionally. When did you get off the sauce? What else does that mean? Like when did you be like, I'm not, I'm, I'm getting off of mend for a second. I'm not dating. I Just feel like I'm at a really special time in my career and I just have all these ideas and I wanna channel my, my energy in a way where I feel like I can make the steps to where I see myself going and you know, I'm just really happy right now. Yeah. I'm happy where, where my life is heading. So I'm dating my career. I Love that answer. I think that like needs to, I, I wish that was more of my answer when I was younger.


'cause I, I think sometimes we've naturally feel like, wait, do I need to get back out there? Like is it weird that I'm not dating and it's like, no, I think you need to go through like long periods of time where you can decide what your focus is. And I think that's like amazing that you're focusing on your career. And then also, let me say this, I feel like some people who I've dated in the past, we would've been better off as creative partners. There was this TikTok, you know, sometimes TikTok be having the information. Girl, there was this woman and I wish I knew her handle 'cause I'm so grateful for this wisdom she had provided. But she was basically saying that sexual energy and creative energy comes from the same place. And when you confuse the energy, you can sometimes, you know, make, I wouldn't say the wrong decision, but you can lean in more into the sexual energy.


But then that ruins the creative energy because you've already depleted the energy. That's Such a good point. Like anyone that ends up have, even if you're not in your specific industry, like people listening, like I get it. There's so many people that write into me about like work relationships and I get what you're saying and that's a great fucking TikTok because it's like the way that you can feel when you complete a project or you get to the next level of your career or you guys go to a fucking presentation and you crush it. It's like that feeling of like, oh we, we have to rip our clothes off. And it's like, no, no, no. It's a different way of finishing. I fucking love you. What if we were dating, what is it like to date you?


Well I don't know if All of your exes were in this room right now. What Nightmare? I wonder what that conversation would be like. What do you think they would all say? Is there a A theme? A theme? Oh my gosh girl you have to ask them. Would that be happy vibes or like bad vibes if Xs were in this room? I think happy vibes. Really? Yeah, because like, I don't really, like no matter what happens, I like girl, I just be happy. I'm a hap I'm naturally just a happy person. So I'd be like, damn, you did some shady shit. But I'm like, my energy is so disconnected from you that I can, I can not associate myself with what happened between us.


And just look at you as a regular human being. Oh that's so nice. I think a lot of people wish they could feel that way. Like they could not get so wrapped up in, you hurt me and you did this to me. And like how dare you. Like, but Also something we have to unpack too is a lot of men have unaddressed trauma that they don't face and they project it on their partners. So sometimes I be thinking about stuff and I be like, what happened to you in your childhood? No, Actually no. Right. So then it makes me look at what they did to me. 'cause I know that they really love me. Yeah. Like I know that. So I'm just like, you got some things to unpack. You should probably handle that. Yeah. Because if you were to handle that, then we probably would've worked out.


It's such a mature way to look at things. Like essentially also what you're saying is like it has nothing to do with you. And that's I think hard for people sometimes to accept. Like if someone is listening to this and just got cheated on and you can't help but sometimes think like, what did I do wrong or what did I not give them? Or what? And it's like, most of the time it literally has nothing to do with you. Which is a weird thing. 'cause you almost like wanna be able to pinpoint in yourself what you could change so it never happens again. Right. But half of the time it's literally on the other individual. Absolutely. Like you were doing fucking great. Yeah. You were thriving Saweetie. Right. And I knew that I was a good girlfriend. So it's like, I'm like, mm. Something wrong with you.


I, I like that answer. Okay. In one of your songs you describe your type as someone who makes eight figures and is eight inches. What other qualities do you look for in a partner? Somebody who has high emotional intelligence. Moment of silence for that. Hmm hmm. We're like, come to us. We're summoning you. You Suck. Get the we more bitch. I but legit if they don't have that, I agree with you. But how do you even get to the point where you can figure out like are they a sweet talker or are they actually like with it emotionally that they can hang with me?


Honestly, just experience. We have to experience a unique situation and that tells anybody how somebody is. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Like the honeymoon stage can be so easy. Daddy Gang. Like you can be like, oh love the sex, the conversations. And then you hit like one bump in the road. Someone has a problem with family or finances or Insecurity, jealousy. And all of a sudden, how do you guys handle that? Right. That's a good point. Okay. It seems like you have a type. Do you, do you wanna, do you know what I'm gonna say? What do you think your type is? Girl? What's my type?


You say, you said you brought it up. You brought it up. It's your show Rappers. Okay, let's talk about it. Okay. Okay. So for example, if you're at a high school, right? Okay. You tend to date, I mean high school or whatever. Let's just call it whatever the proximity is. Yes. You're gonna date what you're around. Yes. And I think that's why I found myself in those situations because these are the only people that I'm around. However, you know, I'd like to go to a new environment. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Do you think you would venture out? Well me and my career is doing just fine right now.


So, you know, I like that answer though because I think a, there's nothing wrong with a type and I also think it's, but I wouldn't Even call it my like a type A type. I think it's just because of the proximity of where I'm always at. These are the people who I'm only engaging and seeing. Yeah. You know? Yes. I remember like back in the day, I would talk about how I had a pattern patterns better than A type Look at me be like, no, it was just like a little pattern. I had a pattern of dating athletes. How is that by the way? So, Oh, dating athletes. Yeah. You know it's, it's, it'll fuck you up but it'll make you, it's just, it depends actually what sport too.


Okay. What's the difference? So let's break it down for icy gang and daddy. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So baseball players. Okay. I find that they are sometimes the sketchiest really because they're on the road, they have 160 something games a year. Okay. So they're on the road at all times. Okay. And they're playing so many fucking games. Whereas opposed to football, it's like 16 fucking games. Right. And like they're not allowed to have girls in the hotel room. It's super strict for football. It's like we got 16 fucking games. Motherfucker bear down and focus. Right. Baseball, it's like another day, another game. And so it's kind of more of like a relaxed environment. So there's road beef in every fucking city. We got Minnesota Road beef, we've got Miami Road beef and they literally like call it road beef.


What's road beef? Women. Oh. Oh beef. Oh hell no. Fuck you. So We're the like, and I remember well At least be some Wagyu beef. No, No. But just to Confirm, I am The Wagyu some ground beef taco meat. No. So In college I remember I was dating this guy and I would be around his single like baseball athletes. And the way that they would talk about it was so concerning. 'cause it was just like every fucking city there was a different rotation because I think it's like they're just on the move and they're looking like, it's almost like when you're in a bubble, whether you're like, it doesn't even feel like real life.


When I was like living that life with them. Like they're just, every fucking day is this Groundhog Day. They wake up, they go to the field, they come home, they have a drink at the bar, they meet the girl, they go to sleep. They do it the next day in the same fucking city. So I would say baseball players are like lethal. They seem so clean. Cut. No, I never date soccer players. 'cause that didn't really do it for me. And hockey players great, great butts, no teeth, great butts. And they're kind of, I thought they were better than baseball players. Really still players. But like, I'm a little nicer. I've never been attracted to athletes. That's probably for the best. But then again, because Like I come from a family full of athletes, so it just always feels like, like, like you my cousin, Like you.


I don't wanna fuck my cousin. You Know? Yeah. So I've never, because I've never talked to an athlete. Really Never. I think you also wouldn't have time for them. It's so on their schedule. And I think you have such a busy schedule. You've gotta be very available for an athlete. Like you gotta be up and ready to pick up and go their life. And you don't have time for that shit. And now, girl, I literally, I mean, you know this, I shot into like four in the morning last night and now you're here. And now I'm here.


Every Business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high-tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing details.


Exclusive guess si. And Ty r, Are you typically making the first move or are they I have made the first move before. And is that like you going up to them and approaching them? Or are you, what's, What are you, I know I'm walking up 10 toes down. And What are you saying? What with me? Saweetie. Let's reenact it. I mean, it's just a fans. Okay. Okay. It's like the, the vibe in the setting. But you're totally down to go up someone. Yeah. I love that. Yeah. Like if you see something, go for it. Absolutely. What is the boldest way that you've ever put yourself out there for a guy? No. Okay. This is high school. Okay. High school. Okay.


Actually, in high school I talked to an athlete. Yeah, there we go. But, but after high school, no. Done. I remember it was my senior year and I had a crush on this boy. And I was like, dang, I only got one more year to see him on campus. The clock was running out. The clock is Running out. You know, he was like, I was big in volleyball. I was doing my thing and he was playing football and we had a like a athlete room where like the football players would come review their tapes. And then we played during the same season. So, you know, the volleyball girls would come in there and it felt like one big family. But I was like, how do I like get him? 'cause he was shy. Yep.


Girl. So it's rush week. So I go and I was like, I have a plan. So me and my plan get together and it's lunch and we're all sitting in the room. And finally I'm like, I tap him. I'm like, oh, somebody wants to go speak to you outside. He, he was like, who? I was like, you know, like probably one of the organizations that is rush week. And he was like, oh, okay. 'cause you know, sometimes they'll recruit. Yeah. Yeah. And if you weren't an athlete, you couldn't come into the, the room. Yeah. It was like taboo. Like heavily frowned upon. So we walk outside and we start walking and he was like, who was it? And I was like, me?


What did he say? He started laughing. It's kind of like really, really forward. And I love it. He started laughing and he goes like, why? And I'm just like, 'cause I wanted to talk to you. Did you end up going on a date? Hooking Up? We Like Falling in love. We started to go to each other's games. I mean, everybody was already going to the football games. Yeah. Because they were winning that year. And then they were already coming to the volleyball games. Because you know how the football players gotta practice? Yes. They go to the Yeah. But we like intentionally started going to each other's games to like support each other. Oh. And then we would go to like inn out afterwards. 'cause like that was like the high school club.


Yeah. Yeah. You know, open, open until 1:00 AM in the morning on the weekends. But yeah, I would go over to his house and like his family would cook for me. I would do my homework over there. So It worked out. Oh well, not worked out, but I mean, like, oh, what happened? Did he cheat on you? No. Oh. I got bored. So I had to break up with him. You got bored? Yeah. It just, and I was like, I think we'd be better off as friends. Shout Out wherever you are today. We love you. But I was honest. You were? Yeah. I'm, I'm very straightforward. If I feel like something's not working out, like I'll tell you, I feel like we're not working out. Okay. What is the craziest thing an X has ever done to you?


Give us a fucking story. Come on, Saweetie. Come on. Let's just Call Her Daddy bitch. Oh my God. Craziest thing. Go. It's actually, it's happened to me twice. I don't know where men get their information, but I've had like, I've broken up with people and they found me. What, what does that mean? Wait, Like they'll show up to my hotel and be like, room service. Shut the fuck Up. Yeah. It's happened to me twice. Room service. Yes. And what the fucking cherry on top is, they try to make their voices high pitched. They go room. I mean, If only there was a fucking camera outside that room of them be like, Girl.


But I know, but, but then it's like they cover the peco. Do you let them in? I did. I did. I'm like, dang, you found me. Did you find me? You're like, somehow you're spinning it, you're like kind of romantic. You put in the work. You found me. Girl. How have you been someone to historically get back with exes? Or once you're done, are you done? I feel like once I'm done, I'm done. Except for when they show up to the hotel. I feel like those were like mini breakups. Okay. Like it was like we were going through something. I might have blocked them. Classic. It probably was like a couple days or a couple weeks. Yeah. And I'm just like, it's like a a, a soft breakup.


You know? It might have hard breakup. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Are you a big blocker? I'm a big blocker. Send you a paragraph and block your ass. And I wanna see them bubbles popping up. So I know that you try to hit I'm Obsessed. Yeah. How long, because I'm assuming then you unblock. I've unblocked before, but there's some people who are still on my block list. It's been years. Ooh. And you don't even wonder. No, I don't because I think that, I remember I had a friend that like, we would always talk about this back in the day when I was in my blocking phase. And she would always say like, I don't know how you block people. Like, I need to see what they're gonna say. Like, it's so interesting to me and I'm like really?


Like I don't, I kind of want it to just fade into the abyss. Me. I love that. Go to the abyss. Like, I kind of don't know what you're gonna say. And like, and then you can kinda like create what you think they would say in your head. But I kind of don't wanna know. Right. Okay. Wow. You're hitting paragraph. Then block, get a genius. What is your stance on keeping gifts from an ex? It really just depends. Okay. You know, like if it's a custom 1 0 1, I'm keeping it custom 1 0 1. Yeah. Like What is a custom one of one that you have? You know, it's a couple things. Jewelry. Jewelry. Purses, purses.


What's the nicest bag of guys ever bought you? I would say a customized Birkin. And he sent it to me before I met him. What I don't have, I'm, I'm, I am a very talkative person. I don't have words. Yeah. It was like some player shit. It was my birthday. Whoa. I was single and you know, we were like casually talking and he was like, what's your address? Isn't your birthday coming up? And I was like, yeah. Like, oh, that's nice. He's gonna send me flowers. What's funny is, so my birthday passes just a week.


My maids have cleaned, you know, my condo. And he hits me up and he's like, so did you like your birthday present? And I'm like, I never got it. And he goes, it should have came in this kind of box. So then I text my maids and they're like, oh yeah, we put the box in the, the guest room because we didn't know what it was. So I opened up the box, bitch, I hit that Group chat. You're like, I was like, how about you? It was nice. How long after then did you meet him? In person. Oh, for a while. What? Yeah, I was working a lot. You Got a whole ass Birkin before meeting a man. Yeah. You have the voodoo clam.


He didn't even meet you when he knew. But how long did that relationship go? Too long or short? I wouldn't even say it was a relationship. Interesting. No, it was just like my player partner. Mm. Like did he Gift you a lot of things? Yeah. Red flag. No. 'cause like you own it. No, I think, I think that might've been his love language, you know? Interesting. Like, I Didn't see it as like, oh, he's a trick or he's this. Yeah. Like I really appreciated his gifts. They were very like, thought out. The amount of women watching this that are like, note to self, find a man whose love language is customized birkins. Okay. Worst way that you found out that you've gotten cheated on the floor?


No, shes up and left the room. She just got up. Oh, my heart boss. So Saweetie. Oh. Oh no. If you're listening to this. Not watching. So Saweetie basically just levitated into the air and flipped off the chair. Oh, lemme take a Little sippy. Sip. Sip. Oh my god. Mm. No. Bad. No. Oh my goodness gracious. I just spilled my water on me. Y'all. I ain't a napkin. Aaron can please get That reaction. Holy shit.


Jesus. Jesus Christ. Okay. Okay. So I remember I was talking to this guy, right? Okay. And it was New Year's and I was like, oh my gosh. Like I'm just so happy to see this person. And we go out for New Year's, the great night, and we go back to the hotel. I'm like, oh my gosh, this is The most perfect New Year's ever. Like, we're out of town. It's just like the vibes were vibing. You could feel the energy in the streets. Yeah. Like love was in the air. It's the new year, new me. It's like all these great things happening. And I'm just like, if I felt like I was in a movie. So we get back to the hotel and I remember I had got a call from a, like a childhood friend.


And when I had picked up the phone, I put it on speaker 'cause I had nothing to hide. And I'm like, oh, happy New Year's. He was like, happy New Year's. I love you. Like you been killing this shit. Like keep going, dah, dah, dah. So I'm like, you too. Like love you too. Happy New Year. I hang up. He's so like drunk that he Misinterprets the call and was like, you Like Wow. Like, okay, like I know that y'all be doing this, this and that. You know, projecting, like, he couldn't believe that I had a pla a platonic relationship with this person. And this person's my childhood friend. Okay. Like, nothing is going on. Okay. So he starts cussing me out. He was like, I would never do this to you.


He was like, man, you can go through my phone. My code is da da da duh. And I go, oh, it's duh da, duh da. No, I Put the code in my phone, but I'm thinking he's probably just like drunk, you know? Right. Nothing. Like, it's not the real code. So finally he goes to sleep. So it's time to investigate, investigate, investigate. So I'm like, okay, so I, I saved the code, girl. No, I said ch. And it goes, you know, it's the ha.


You're like, whoa. I'm like, wow. That easy girl. This man has been playing me the whole time. No, but I knew it was like a sickness. 'cause it was like all types of women. Really? Yeah. Did You go for the iMessages first or the pictures? I went, I went to the assistant group chat. Wait, I went to the assistant messages. 'cause you know, the assistant set up everything for like the man. Oh, nice. Oh. Then I was typing in keywords like Genius. Genius. So it was pulling up all the receipts. Yeah, girl. And I remember I had got so sick, but then so numb that I didn't care because it wasn't like, it wasn't like one person, you know?


You know, like, it's not, you're not obsessing over one person. It's like, okay, no, you have the sickness. Right? Like, this is, you can't stop Yourself. You can't, you can't stop yourself. What word did you type into the search Bar? Girl. Anything that's used to flirt. You're like, you're like P-U-S-S-Y thousand fucking Jesus Christ. You're like, no, that's crazy. And so when he wakes up in the morning, what are we doing? Mm. Girl, girl, girl, girl, girl.


Just know what time was had. I'm like, oh really? You a tough guy. Stop. So, okay, back to the beginning of this, this episode, when I was like, what can get you on a different tilt? Did you enter that different tilt is what you're girl, I went into a different dimension. Girl, stop. Girl. Girl. Craziest night of my life, my best friend was staying in the same hotel as us. I'm just like, I was like the audacity. And then what made me, like I always had at humor to like my pain. Yeah. So I'm just kind of like, how dare this boy get mad over a simple conversation.


Yet here you are doing A, B, C, D, E, F, G, X, Y, Z. You know? No. That's when it's so crazy because I've had an ex like that where he was cheating and I like, he would always get so anxious and say things about me if it was like The most innocent. Like we, I don't even know that person. Like, wait, what? Like here's my phone. Like, I don't know. And when they're so hard on you for that shit, eventually you have to be like, well what the fuck are you doing that your brain is even on that tilt. 'cause I'm not even thinking. But It made me realize that when someone does that to you, it's because that's what they would do. Exactly. So they're like projecting. They're projecting from their experience.


Yes. Yeah. Dude. How long did you stay in that situation then? Did you leave? Did you leave that day? I, it's okay if you Didn't. No. But let's just say, Hmm. Yeah. Girl, we were out of town and yeah girl, I have Never had someone answer a question like that. And Yet it says so many words.


Mm. Okay. Wow. So it ended eventually though. Yeah, it ended. Clearly.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier. Because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic, or 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing details, exclude civic si and ty r


Where do you draw the line of forgiving someone when you find out they cheated? Honestly, I was younger, so like I, for me it was like, oh, this is definitely a deal breaker. But you know, when like you're in love with somebody. Yeah. It's just kind of like, okay, well I can't just delete you outta my life like this. Yeah. But right now, like in my adult years, like it's definitely a deal breaker. Yeah. For me. And in that moment I think I would like tell that person, like, you probably have to figure out why you're doing this. Yeah. You know? That makes sense. When it comes to your music, what is fair game of like writing songs about people that have screwed you over or you've been in love with?


Like where do you draw the line? Mm. I think I, I keep it ambiguous. Okay. Yeah. And I feel like from my album, I am going into deeper subjects and I'm really excited about that. Yeah. I feel like I'm in my diamond era. Like I, well I came in as a icy girl, but through all this pressure that I placed on myself and, and all the pressure that I've experienced with the industry, I feel like it's pressurized me into this, this diamond that's ready to shine. I fucking love that. For you, obviously, I know you have been teasing an album for a while. Yeah. When can people expect it to come out? Definitely next year. Okay. Yeah. Why Was it so important for you to wait to release it?


I feel like I finally know myself. Okay. Like when I felt like I was constantly in this weird transition phase, especially with recording, like, what am I even talking about? But with who I am now I know what my public messaging is. Love. Okay. Christmas songs, we need to talk about this. I'm in my car. I'm like, ooh, ooh, ooh. And like we said at the beginning of this episode, I fucking love Christmas. You love Christmas. Talk to me about deciding to do these two Christmas songs. Like how did you decide to do this? Well, you know, I love Icy season 'cause I'm a icy girl and it's just like, I gotta give something to the Icy gang this winter. So I wanted to create like two songs or or least spoke to the two different sides of Christmas. I got Big Santa where I'm like, big daddy, what you getting me?


And then my other Christmas song is a little bit more, you know, softer. It's like catered to you vibes. Like not only like what can you give me, but what can I give you? Oh my God. So Saweetie. It's good. Like, everything that you do and put out all of your music is such a vibe. And I think like, again, I'm happy I got to talk to you today for a longer period of time than just like meeting you on tour. But like watching you on stage at my tour Mm. Was such a spiritual experience. Truly. Wow. All of us were like holding hands and gripping each other, being like, she's fucking insane. Even to the point where my team had texted me when you were in soundcheck being like, oh, this is gonna be the best yet.


Like, you guys don't even know. Thank you. You're so talented and you have such a presence on stage and just like as a person that I think is so exciting to see what you're going to obviously continue to do. But like, I'm obviously so excited for the album and Thank you. You know, we, we want it. So Saweetie, we, we want it. I wanna ask, just because I know obviously your fans are gonna be watching this. Like, what is one goal that you have for yourself coming up in this new year and like your career that you wanna like share with your fans? I wanna be in an action film. Like a Tomb Raider or like a, like a Columbiana. Oh.


Something with just action. 'cause I really love like doing stunts and I'm a sporty girl. Right. But I love a good heroine. That is The last thing I expected. And yet like I can see it. Wait, are you like gonna make that happen? I would like for it to happen. God, do you hear me? Yeah. Yeah. Like, here we go. Anybody watching this in Hollywood? Hello. Wow. And I audition too. I'm not one of those people who feel like, where I feel like I can just show up and get the role. Yeah. Like I'd be sending in audition tapes. Yeah. I guess like, last question is like, what do you think, what do you think is the biggest misunderstanding about you? I'm not sure what the collective thinks because everybody has their own opinion.


But one thing that I do get a lot is that when people meet me, they say that they didn't expect this. I guess they like, that's, it's a, it's a common response that I get, but it is for the better. 'cause they'd be like, wow. Like the compliments are different. But for some reason there's been a disconnect with who I am and what my perception to like the world is. Yeah, That's interesting. 'cause I, I, I guess like, I agree and disagree, like when I listen to your music, it's so confident. Like, you put this shit on, you're like, I'm gonna fucking feel good when I'm listening to your music. And I think everyone feels that way and it's, it's like a experience that you literally feel in your body where you're like, oh fuck Yes.


Like, I'm about to pop my pussy night, let's fucking go. And then meeting you, you are a multidimensional person. Like you're not just the person that's hyping everyone up. Like you have this like sweet, sensitive side that I'm like meeting today and I met in Oakland. And I think that's something that we don't get to see as often with artists because understandably, like we're listening to music, but when we are so fortunate to get to also get to know the personality behind the music, right? I have found through my job, and it's my favorite part of my job when I meet someone and they are a little bit different than maybe the main public persona that's being pushed because I think it's, again, just shows people like we don't know everything, right?


Like, you can listen to a song and think that people know you. You can go listen to one of my episodes and be like, oh, she's this one way, but understandably, like, I am gonna be different when I'm having a fun episode versus when I'm talking about like trauma and shit. You know what I mean? Like, we show up in different ways for different moments of our life. And I feel like you're such a beautiful person. Thank you that I'm so happy that I got to sit with you because I didn't know as much about you as now. I, I'm happy to know. And like, I love you. I think you're like such a great fucking vibe and I'm so happy that we've gotten to connect on this level because I don't, I I like sitting with people and getting to know them more.


And you're amazing. No, thank you. And today, like I realized why you're number one stop. Yes. This was such a comfortable, safe, and fun experience. Girl, you almost had me crying in the beginning. You Almost had me crying. I was heaving. I was like, hold on bitch, don't drop a tear. No. I really appreciate you going there with me though, because again, like everything we see online, it can come off as fake. And I think when you get to do long form shit like this, you actually get a chance to like start to finish. Like people now are going to understand you more. Not that you need to give that to them, but like you're a great fucking person, so why not?


Thank you. Thank you. Oh my God. Saweetie, we did it. Thanks for coming to Call Her Daddy. Thank you.


Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


Life is full of exciting moments, whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Ever since switching to T-Mobile, something weird has been happening. I get to cut lines. Oh, Right this way. Who me? I can stream shows at 30,000 feet and I was able to buy reserve tickets for my favorite band. It's not just you With T-Mobile, everyone can get VIP status. That means access to exclusive events and experiences just for being a customer. At T-Mobile, VIP means YOU. Check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing Details. Exclusive SI and Ty r.