
Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial.


Today, Haagen Dazs is made to be savored and enjoyed slowly introducing new Haagen Dazs Belgian waffle cones. A completely new experience that's worth slowing down for. Available in four delicious flavors, including my favorite toasted Almond Fudge. It's a crispy Belgian waffle cone, full of luxurious vanilla ice cream, Topped with toasted almonds and milk chocolate curls. And finished with fudge sauce at the bottom. Daddy Gang, I love, love, love, a good vanilla chocolate almond combo. So get yourself some ice cream. New Haagen Dazs, Belgian waffle cones available at retailers nationwide.


Call her daddies. Brought to you by Nordstrom Rack. Great deals, great prices. Everyone's got a reason to rack and now amazing deals for every day of summer are at Nordstrom Rack Stores and they're up to 60% off. Yes, you heard that right? Daddy Gang? Did you know Nordstrom Rack has Adidas and Nike and Vince? Seriously, they have so many good brands. I feel like I always go with my mom and I'm like, oh my God, Look at all the good stuff. You can always find something amazing, but don't wait. The best deals. Go fast. Save big on Mark Jacobs, Madewell, Steve Madden and more. Plus buy it online and pick it up in store the same day for free. Great brands, great prices. That's why you rack


What Is Up. Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy, how are you soon? Finally, Thank you for coming. I'm gonna go finish my shark. Yes, go. Good seeing you. This Is insane. Oh my God. Oh my God. Gorgeous.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay, so I have a trip booked currently and we got an Airbnb in the desert. I'm so excited. It is this gorgeous lavish house that I really wanted to be with with my friends, my childhood friends are coming into town and I didn't want to do a hotel because I was like, I wanna be super close with my girls. I want everyone sleeping in the same space but also having our own room so we have privacy and we're all together. And that is where Airbnb is just the best and Airbnb is the best way to make your trip. One to remember because you get to explore not only a new city, but a new space in that city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are, as opposed to feeling like a tourist. Grab groceries at the local market. Explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants. If you just want to go somewhere but you don't know really where yet, let Airbnb make the decision for you. Guest favorites might inspire you and perhaps even create a new tradition. And if you have goals for the new year, but you're worried about how to maintain them when you're traveling, Airbnb makes it easy. With plenty of privacy and kitchen space, you can still make health and wellness a priority while you're away from your home. Daddy Gang. We know traveling can be sometimes like overwhelming. You're like, oh my gosh, there's gonna be so much going. Let Airbnb make you feel cozy wherever you go. As you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. You want a big kitchen, you want a gym, maybe you wanna bring your dog. Shout out Henry and Bruce. Airbnb is my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips this year.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Travis Matthew. Daddy Yang. I think we can all agree when you have clothes that make you feel good, it really does impact your confidence. And Travis Matthew is all about confidence and comfort. And it's not just for men. Their women's collection is designed just for us. Travis Matthew. Women's Styles Blend laid back luxury with classic designs, delivering elevated comfort through every part of your day. From brunch with friends to a day on the courts, or simply keeping it comfy through elevated everyday styles. Bring a touch of luxury. Their everyday collection is designed for total comfort and effortless style. You guys know all I care about is comfort, but I do care about style. But comfort always comes first. Thank you Travis. Matthew. The cloud collection is next level. Soft sky Loft soft delivers lightweight ultra soft pieces designed to move with your day while move knit is buttery soft and made to support every way you move in perfect comfort. Daddy Yang, make sure you're feeling good, you're lounging, you're out, whatever it be. You wanna be comfy and you wanna be stylish, visit travis matthew.com/women and receive 20% off your first order when you sign up for email. That's Travis, M-A-T-H-E w.com/women.


Simone Biles, welcome to Call Her Daddy. I feel like we've been waiting for this for so long. Yes. Okay. We need to tell the Daddy Gang the story. So I would say like, I don't know, maybe like a couple years ago we, I don't, I don't remember who DMed who. No, I remember you tagged me in a story that you were watching. Call Her Daddy and I lost my mind because I was like, wait, she listens. Yes. Like, and then I started pressuring, I'm like, oh my God, I need to like do better. Like I need to impress Simone. Like, but it was such a cool full circle moment that we started DMing and we had this like DMing relationship here and there. And then when NBC and I started working together for the Olympics, I remember we sat down and they were like, okay, like what person do you wanna interview?


And immediately I was like, Simone. And like of course they're like LOL like that's so cute. Like yeah of course everyone wants to interview Simone. I'm like, no. Like I need to interview her. And they're like, do you know her? And I'm like, kinda, yeah. Like we're pen pals like that. Yeah. And now we're finally here. Thank God it's, it's perfect. Yes. Okay, so we were just at your parents' gym watching from previous documentaries that you've done to watching it all get built to you now, like having your own gym and how supportive your parents have been. Like what does that support mean to you? For me it means the world. 'cause being adopted since I was six years old to now, it's been a long road and journey like career wise and just like who Simone is instead of Simone Biles.


So it's been a long journey but their support means the world to me. They've never really missed a competition. Anything besides 2020 Olympics, 2021, whatever we wanna call it, that's the only thing they missed because they weren't allowed to go because of Covid. But other than that, they've supported everything that I've ever wanted to do all of that stuff since I was a young girl. When you say the word Simone Biles to the world, I think everyone immediately thinks Olympian the goat. Yeah. And I think there's like a lot of people that probably don't know where you came from and the backstory of like yes, your life ha hasn't always just been this picture perfect situation. Right. When you were three, you went into foster care. Yes.


Can you just share just a little bit like what was going on at home that led to that? I was only three years old so I learned that a little bit whenever I was older. But drug and alcohol abuse and so I just don't think that she was around too much and people you know, would call CPS or see us out and about. So that's kind of what happened. That's when foster care came and got us and placed us into a foster home. And so the only thing that I remember was just being anxious when we would go to sleep because my brother was in the room next door and I think we were just always used to sleeping together or close or whatever. 'cause he is not that much older. And mind you, we were three. And so I just had anxiety problems.


So I, we were in a girl's room, they had girls' rooms and boys' rooms and from my knowledge that sometimes during the night or during the day they would take kids out and replace them into a different home. And that's usually how siblings were separated. So I was just so terrified that if I woke up my brother wouldn't be there. Even though I was with my sister, I was like, oh, we all have to stay together. Kind of that thing. Even from a young age. So I'd always sneak in and go sleep with him because I'm like, oh this is my brother. You know? Because I didn't understand the separation whenever at nighttime, fast forward a couple years later, I was at gym and I knew I was adopted. From the moment we were adopted, my family told us you guys are adopted.


And I was like, cool. Okay. Right. Great. Like I don't know what that means but, and then they had asked us if we wanted to call them mom and dad. And from my knowledge I was like perfect. Like why wouldn't I? And so it was just super strange to me because I remember this day at gym we were talking about our families and they had said something and I was like, oh well I'm adopted. And it's felt like everything in the room in the gym stopped. And they were like, what? You are adopted? Because that was not to their knowledge. And I was like, why Is Everyone freaking out? And so I was like, well you know my parents, those are my grandparents, my uncles that, that I call my brother now.


Those were my uncles. And so I just remember we all sat on the floor, practice stopped because everybody needed to know the story. Like the coaches were intrigued at everybody. They were like, you're adopted. And I was just kind of like, well yeah, aren't you, where'd you come from? I'm just like so Confused. Right. It was normal for you. When they Say the stork brings the babies, I'm like, How did you get here still? I'm like, you weren't picked. You were like, you weren't in a house and then you, you Weren't adopted. So like that was shocking to me. Did your parents ever talk to you about your biological parents? Kind of funny because, no, because I just, I'm not sure the relationship, maybe because we didn't ask either, but we knew who it was as we got older Shannon.


And that's kind of what we just address her as. But I knew once I got older that that's my dad's daughter. And then that's also crazy explaining to people because I'm like, my biological mom is also my dad's daughter and I call him dad. So it's just like everybody's hella confused. It's A whole family tree that you're like, don't make me explain it. My parents are my parents. Yes. I got chosen feeling blessed. Let's move on. Yes. Literally. Oh my God. So I'm like, if you think too hard it, it just gets jumbled. So your grandparents adopted you at six. Yes. And now they're your parents. Yes. Boom. How do you think that did change though? Like the trajectory of your life? Everything. I have no idea where I would be without being adopted.


Unfortunately. I might end up the same statistic that other foster kids unfortunately end up and you know at 18 years old you get kicked out of a foster home. So then you have, you're homeless, right? If you don't get into college and stuff, which most people don't graduate high school, you're on the street. So like I fear for what my life would've looked like. Yeah. Wow. I mean it's, it's incredible to see what you have all built together. Yeah. As a family. I love how in the beginning you just quickly are like, and then when I'm at the gym back up. Okay. You are the greatest of all time. Yes. Let's talk about when you first got into gymnastics. Like do you remember, did you just think of it as a hobby?


Were you passionate about it? Like how did you get into gymnastics? We got into gymnastics. I say we as me and my sister from a daycare field trip again, I believe everything happens for a reason. In this day. We we're here in Texas, if nobody knows we're here in Texas. We're in Texas. We were supposed to go on a field trip to the oil ranch, like how c Sure. How Texas is that? Okay. And then we wind up at the gym and it's because it was storming that day. So they're like, that's an outside activity. Where are we gonna take the kids? And so I feel like God was like, take the kids to the gym and see what happens. And so we end up at the gym and I see these girls and mind you, I've never seen gymnastics in my life. They're flipping around all of the things. And me six years old, I'm like, I could do that.


Like not knowing, I just like feel like I could do that. And I'm watching them super intrigued. Somebody does something, I do something and then the coaches look over and they're like, can you do that again? Like what did you just do? Have you ever been to gymnastics? I was like, no, this is my first time. And I did it again. And they're looking at my like my body build and if I show you pictures whenever I was younger, like I was built like I was ripped for no reason, just that's just how I was built. And so they were like, you've never done a sport, you, your body stature is like, it's made for gymnastics. And they're like, that's not normal. And so they, they sent a letter home and I gave it to my parents. My mom saw it and she was like, okay, do you wanna do the one with the four events or do you wanna do tumbling and then maybe you'll go to cheerleading.


And I was like, I wanna do the one with the four events. And that's how I started. It is truly fascinating that like some people you hear that are so great, like Tom Brady for example, you think of Tom and they're like, oh he was a little awkward and it's like kind of crazy that like Tom can even like run the way he can. Yeah. For you it's the complete opposite where you're like, you walked into the gym and people were like, yeah, who is that girl? Yes. And you had never done any of this before 'cause I was gonna ask you like was there ever once you started and aha moment that you were like, holy shit, I'm actually really good at this. Never for me, everybody else always saw it. And since I was always the smallest in my class, the shortest I thought it, they would always be like, oh my God, she's so good.


She's so cute. She has so much talent. I just thought it was like what your grandmother does when she comes around every year like, oh You look so good. Like I thought really that's what it was. And I'm like, you're just saying that because I'm so short. So it took a while for me to really like lean into my talent and to realize, oh my gosh, I could do something or be someone because interesting, once I started, I did it for fun. Nobody in my family has ever done gymnastics so they have no idea where the talent came from. My, my siblings were really good at track, but that's kind of it. Were you in school, did people make comments about how short you were? Like were that you were, it seems like you were Sure. Yes, because like you could always grow. So they were like, we're just waiting for her growth spurt, which I'm still waiting.


I tell God like finish it when I'm done with gymnastics. So maybe we're not done yet. I mean the doctor probably thinks my growth plate are closed. But that's a different story. I Love it. You're like, it's gonna happen. But other than that, they all saw it. They would say like, they gave me this nickname soldier because my muscles and all of this stuff. And so like one time I beat this kid up on the playground because he said, oh I bet you can't beat me up. And I was always the kid that if you said I couldn't do something, I'm doing it. And I think I'm still that way, like I'm doing it. I was gonna say, I feel like getting into this sport, any sport that at the competitive level that you're dealing with, you have to have such discipline and drive and I'm wondering like where did that come from? This competitiveness in you?


I Don't know, but if I had to pinpoint like my parents were very hard workers. Me and my sister were pretty much always on top of our schoolwork and we were just kind of self-driven. And I don't know where it came from, but I think it started from my parents just seeing how hard they work, everything that they've done for us, for our siblings, it, it's kind of something that was a little bit taught in that nature too. Yeah. When you do compete at this level, I know that for athletes it's like it's not just you committing your life. Yeah. It's your entire family has to get on board. Yeah. It's a lifestyle change. When do you think you guys really all decided like, oh, as a family we're going for this?


Probably the whole family started making sacrifices when my practices started going late and then dinner time started to change or they would have to leave stuff in the oven or on the stove and they were like, okay, she's really doing this. But none of us knew how far it was gonna take us and to end up where we are, we just kind of thought like, oh she's doing this, these flips. She likes it, she enjoys it. As long as she's having a good time, we're gonna let her continue. Because my parents were always the first to say, if you wanna quit, let us know. We'll pull you out. Because you went to public school till eighth grade, right? Correct. And then you officially did homeschooling starting high school. Did you get to have any like typical teenage experiences?


Like did you go to prom? None. The first time I danced with a boy was on Dancing with the Stars with Sasha and it was after the Olympics. I was like 19 years old. I remember he like got in my face, grabbed me and I was like, ah. Like freaking out Simone. No, No. Talk about like a culture shock. I was about to say the fact, the fact, I need to hear if there's anyone in the world that could say that statement. The first time I ever danced with the boy was on, on Dancing with the Stars. Icon. Yeah, icon. Like it's giving like only you crazy. Are you kidding? Okay. So you never got, did you have sleepovers? Some, but then at that time we had moved like 40 minutes away. So if we ever wanted to have a sleepover, it was more like your mom drops us off, your dad brings her because like the distance.


So other than that, we'd have some best friends come sleepover, but then it was kind of like, okay, if you stay around Friday, you're not leaving till Sunday. So we had sleepovers, but then again it started turning into, sorry, I have practice on Saturday, so then go to the gym, we'll drop you off. That sort of thing. So Like your life revolved around it. Everything which is revolved around gymnastics And if people don't play sports, like I look back, I'm like, okay, can I relate to that? I'm like, yeah, growing up my, most of my friends were just soccer friends. 'cause you're just kind of become just gymnastic gymnast and they're like your sisters. Yeah. I think in middle school that's when the insecurities started and I kind of became a shell of myself. But I feel like nobody really understood why I was like racing to my locker to get my gym equipment and then like at the time our housekeeper would take me to practice and all of this stuff.


So nothing I did at that point was relatable. And it was very hard to not make friends but to just keep them up because I couldn't hang out with them on the weekends. I couldn't go to Friday night live. I couldn't do anything on the weekends. I was going to a gymnastics meet, I was doing this, that the other, so to me it was like, let me get my schoolwork done. I have like three friends like at the loser table like, and I'll do my stuff at the gym. And yeah, it was really hard to relate because they're doing Who knows what and like they're like Texting boys on a IM and you're like in the gym, don't know What that is. It makes me only boy I know is Jim. Like literally. And did you resent it at all? Like did you ever be like, oh why am I doing this?


Like why am I doing this to myself At that point? No, because I still love to do it and I had all my friends at the gym. Yep. And that's kind of all I needed at that point. But going into high school, I was like mad at my parents, like mad as hell. Like you figure it out, why I can't do school and gym. Like you figure it out. Like some of my friends could do it because their states allowed that. And that's at the time I started doing national team camps and we missed so much school so I didn't have a choice. But like California, as long as you did your schoolwork and I can't speak on the rules of the laws now, but just how it was back then. They could miss. However, as long as they got their schoolwork done out of it.


But Texas law states you can only miss X amount before they fail you, even if you do your schoolwork. So that just wasn't an option for us. And it's not like we were ever gonna move or do anything. 'cause like Texas has kind of the best gymnastics and that's what it was. But I wanted to go to the football games, I wanted to go to the school dances. I wanted to, but it was okay that I didn't because I knew I wasn't confident enough in my body to show my muscles. 'cause at that time I wore a lot of hoodies and I didn't want my muscles to show because then at that point I'm stronger than all the boys because they haven't, they haven't bulked up yet. And I'm just like, hey, nobody really understood. So it was okay.


Right. I get what you're saying. It's almost like it was okay for you to escape to the gym. Yes. 'cause you felt more confident there And everybody had muscles and we all looked the same. I do remember one of my friends snuck me into high school one day and I got to go around with her to each class and I thought that was the best day ever. I was like, I'm in high school. And her teachers just played along with it. They were like, if the principal catches us, Who knows what we'll do stop. But I did a whole entire day with her and that was so cool. Well it's incredible to look back and as much as you sacrificed the sacrifices clearly paid off because when you were 16 is when your winning streak just really began. Yeah. You won three consecutive world championships and then you went on two dominate, dominate the Rio Olympics.


Yeah. When you look back at that time of your life, like what does that success mean to you? Well, to me I thought that's kind of where it ended. And I was like, oh my gosh, how have I reached my greatest achievement in life at 19? I was scared for the rest of my life. Like how can I beat this? How can I top this? What the heck am I gonna do? I won the Olympics at 19 like to, it's gonna be a shit hole from here on out. Right? So we're going down here. Yeah, no, literally. Because most people don't get to go to more than one Olympics or do those things. So at one point I was like, I did it. This is my greatest. Like this is the greatest thing that I wanted to achieve in my life.


And then I was like, I did it at 19, you Almost like were excited for two seconds to then be like, can I even and actually enjoy this? 'cause this, does this mean it's over? Yes. And so I was scared, but at that time you couldn't really tell me anything because I was like, oh my gosh, I did it. And I knew as soon as that happens, we've watched previous Olympics so we know how their lives change after that. So I knew it was gonna be different, but I knew that it was gonna be different every day at the Olympics, my followers go up 10,000 and then I had a million and then I was like, what the heck is happening and why are people following me? I was like, at that point I was like, yes, this is my greatest achievement because I've been vying for this since I was six years old per se.


But then I was like, but y'all haven't watched the come up, so why do you care? Like this is my greatest achievement. Cool. Wow. So it was kind of weird to me that people were following me because I had won the Olympics. Because to me that was the biggest thing. But I was like, how's that the biggest thing for you to follow me? Because I won this. It was kind of weird. And then I was like, okay, I really need to find out who I am without gymnastics because I didn't think I was gonna do it again. When the rise really started, like I think about the pressure that people put on you. It's like, oh my God, you're, you're so great. Yeah. We all are looking at you. You're Simone Biles, you're, you just did the Olympics, you're thriving, you're getting gold. Like did you ever feel like you weren't allowed to have moments of weakness?


A lot of the time because on a lot of the teams, like a lot of the girls looked up to me. So I felt like I was that strong person that everybody was like, oh my God, Simone's so strong. She has a strong personality. If you had something to describe me as strong went before that word. So I felt like I could never show a sign of weakness, but I just always felt like I was the strong one for my friends, the strong ones for my family, the strong ones. So it was just kind of like I got to a point where it was so hard for me to cry or show emotion, but I also think that came from gymnastics. It's like throw all that out the window, work on what you need to work on and then outside of the gym, whatever happens, happens.


So yeah, it was weird. Different, difficult. But at that point, again, I'm only 19 years old. Well, That's what I was gonna say though, Simone, like when you're saying like I had to be strong, like I am technically like the older, yeah. One at the gym. I've now gone to the Olympics, like I know what I'm doing. Like you're strong for your family. Like who did you like go to to say like, hey, like yeah, I'm, I'm stressed. Yeah, I have all these followers. I have the world star. Like Did a lot of the time if it were wasn't my sister. 'cause we're very, very, very close. Yeah. If it wasn't her silent cries, I didn't like to see anybody. Like I didn't want anybody to ever see me cry. Why? Because I didn't want them to show or see that I was a sign of weakness.


So it was a lot of silent nights where I would cry because even after the Olympics I went home and like we went on tour and stuff. But there would be a lot of times where I felt so alone because like how many kids can relate? 19 years old you won the Olympics and then the you have the weight of the world on your shoulders. I'm still learning. It's just like now I'm a celebrity. I don't know what I wanna do with my life. I don't know if I can do this again. Everybody's cheering me on. It's just like, it was an overnight sensation, so to speak, even though like people that watched gymnastics watched for the four years prior watched my whole entire career. But to just be like thrown out there, I was kind of confused. But then somebody told me it was lonely at the top.


And so I would relay that message in my head and it was like positive sometimes like yeah, it's lonely at the top. And then other times it was like it felt hard and heavy. Right? You're like, I don't know if I wanna be at the top if it's this lonely. Like if it's this isolating. Yes. Because I'm only 19. So we wanted our lives to be as normal as possible. And so I think that's why I'm so grounded with my family and all because we never wanted it to take over because we've seen how, how that can happen. But again, I was just a kid, I was homeschooled. I didn't have much. It's like, Well as I'm listening to you talk about this too, it's like there's so much pressure that is put on young athletes then when you are the star athlete at a young age Yeah.


There's more pressure to like grow up and become an adult soon because everyone's, everything's riding on you it feels like. Yes. And You're under a microscope. Yeah. And then you have the press looking at you and and fans and you're like, now I need to become media trained. Yeah. And now I need to learn how to like, like know how to just handle myself again at 19 years old. And something that I'm realizing you're saying, talking about how you had to bear a lot of this on your own with all of your success then there was behind the scenes so much Right. Fucking going on. Yeah. And in 2018, yeah. You spoke out about the abuse that you endured from the USA gymnastics physician. Yeah.


I'm so curious, Simone. Like can you talk about your decision to open up about that? The main reason I did that is because a lot of people follow me. A lot of people go on my platforms and I've always been an open and honest book from the very beginning. And I've always decided I'm not gonna let anything ever change me because this is who I am. So take it or leave it. But I've always been an open book. Like I was talking to my friend the other day and she was like, I met you in three minutes. We went from talking about this to like deep stuff. And it's just like a lot of people when they meet me they can feel that. But it's after that I decided to speak out because I know it could help a lot of people.


So if I could shine a light on whatever that is, then I'm gonna do that. But I wanted to be in a good enough place and to have the proper help lined up before I spoke out because that stuff was so traumatizing. And I truly don't understand how I did what I did under those circumstances and how I put on a face. But you know, at some point as an athlete, you were an athlete. So you understand it's like we normalize a lot of stuff, but then we push off emotions. It's like we do so much. It's this like you can create this like false narrative in your head. Yes. Of what you should endure and what's normal. And it's, And that's all you know, it's, that's all we knew.


So we thought it was normal because we're all homeschooled there together. Right, right. It's Like Right. You're all going through the same thing that Yeah. And So if we're talking to each other and if this is happening to you, this is happening to you. Okay. Right. Cool. It's normalized What we're talking about also is like, there's so many different forms of abuse, but like the abuse of power Yeah. Is, it's such a tricky situation and we see it so often. Yeah. But like we're having a conversation about one, someone that you were told to trust, but also by an organization that was supposed to protect you and foster your career. And so there's so much Yes. Abuse, mentally, physically, emotionally, but like emotion.


I'm curious because I think sometimes when people look at you it's like Simone Biles like the face of mental health and she's the best in this. Yeah. But it's like on the real day to day, this shit is fucking Yeah. Awful to go through. Yeah. And they, people weren't with you on the day to day. Yeah. Once you decided to speak out about this, like how did processing this trauma show up in your day-to-day life? Well, at that point I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety and I kind of knew I was depressed, but I hid it so well because I train 34 hours a week. So what do I always do whenever I'm at home, I'm in my room laying down, resting, resting, resting.


But I knew this resting was very different. Like it was hard to get out of bed. It was hard to do anything. It felt like everything felt heavy in the end of the world. And again, a lot of sleepless crying nights. Like why me? Because I, it's just like, and then you kind of play victim and then it seems like again, nobody can relate to you. Nobody's listening. Nobody is, I trusted this person, this, that, the other. So it just felt very, I wouldn't even say dehumanizing, but it felt like I held a lot of the guilt that wasn't mine to hold The fucking worst. Yes. And I think that was the hardest for me to process.


And I learned through therapy, like yes, this is not my guilt to hold, but to convince myself that, 'cause it's easier said than done Totally. But to convince myself that I was really, really hard. And I think I'm still working on that in therapy. Like it's gotten a lot better and I feel comfortable and now I can have conversations and stuff like that. But yeah, I have good days, I have bad days. But I also know that that doesn't define me. It does not define you. Yeah. At all. It's an experience you went through. I do think it's unfortunate how so few people understand though, like this, this is something that is a part of you for the rest of your life. Yeah. It doesn't define you.


Yes. But when people are like, okay, like it's o it's never over. Yes. And that's, I think as an athlete, that was the hardest thing for me to process too. Because you know, if you get injured you go to the doctor and they're like, okay, three to six months or three weeks or whatever. And this is like years. And I'm like, why do I not feel better? Like the, if a doctor could sit down and tell me I'd be great. 'cause I thought like, oh, three to six months, three to six weeks, it's like we're always on timeline with injuries. So whenever it's a mental injury or a physical injury that you're going through like that with depression and anxiety and nobody can give you a timeline, it feels like it's never ending.


And I was like, I just don't understand. I should be fine by now. And Doesn't that bring up sometimes like there's shame that comes with it. Yes. You're like, why the fuck is This not going away? Yes. 'cause it's like I'm not gonna wanna be in 10 years talking about this and somebody's gonna be like, God, here she goes again. But it's Like, but I do think you talking about Simone. Yeah. And that's why I think it's really important how you said this does not define you. Yeah. But this is, it's also important to show people when people are like, that's so sad that happened to someone and then they move on with their lives. Yeah. This is something that stays with people forever. Forever. Forever. Yeah. And so to neglect the conversation of like acting like it didn't happen. Yeah, it did. And you are who you are. Yes. But it's a piece of you.


Yes. And it's a part of you. I also think that's such an interesting comparison of like, if you mess up your ankle Yeah. It's visible. You can feel it. You can't ignore it. Yes. With trauma, emotionally you can shut that shit down. Yes. And you can bury it so far. And that's the thing we're so good at at as athletes at doing that too. And my, my therapist is like, just take it outta the box, roll it out on the floor. Like it's fine because we're so good at like depressed de depressing everything. So it's like, God. So for so long it's worked until it didn't anymore.


And that's what you saw at the Olympics. A big old spill. And I was like, to me, I couldn't understand why that happened either. Yeah. Because I'm like gymnastics, like what the heck is going on? Why is this happening? And then my, my therapist is like, well we know why it happened. And I still have conversations with her to this day and I'm like, Hey look, it's Olympic year. Did we figure out why that happened? And she's like, Simone, we figured out why this has happened. I was like, are we sure? Are we sure? Like, because she can't happen again. Yes. But it's like, it wasn't just a mental injury that happened called the twisties. It's like compressing all of this shit for so many years.


It just unfolded. Right. Like, like you can't, you can't compress trauma that much longer. Yeah. And and I hate to be the person that blames it on something else because I'd rather blame it on like I have a hangnail, sorry can't vault like or whatever it is. Right. You're like, I wish I could say like, yeah, My knee. Yes. And at that point, after I came out about it, they're like, she doesn't wanna lose. And I was like, first of all, I almost broke my leg, but it's thankfully I didn't break my leg. And I called my agent and I was like, this is a mental injury that they can't see. Do they want me to wear a helmet? I'm like, because they couldn't see it. So they couldn't relate to it. They couldn't grasp it.


It's not something that I could tell them so that they could feel like if I broke my ankle, they'd be like, should I broke my ankle before too. Like I know how that feels. Of course you can't vault, but for a mental injury nobody could understand it. So there were so many narratives thrown around, so many different excuses that were pushed onto me. And I think the shittiest part of all at the Olympics, I have very good like senses and I knew something was gonna go wrong. I couldn't pinpoint what it was or when it was gonna happen, but I just had this feeling deep down, this is not gonna go the way I want it to. And I don't know why, but I have this deep, deep feeling like something's gonna happen To people that I mean aren't familiar.


Yes. Yeah. You went to the Tokyo Olympics and I'm curious like, so you're saying you kind of knew, like when do you think you knew? Like where were you mentally going into the Tokyo Olympics? I, I don't know, but I could feel something and I felt myself besides all the pressure, because we deal with that as elite athletes, we have different tactics about how we're going to carry ourselves and how we're gonna do whatever so that we can still compete to the best of our ability, you know? But there was something that I could feel that was gonna be outta my control and I didn't know when it was gonna happen or what was gonna happen, but I was like, I just, I felt strange.


But I'm not gonna tell anybody on the team that I'm a veteran. It's everyone's first times at the Olympics. Like they're looking up to me and I'm guiding them, taking them through the route. But you know, nothing about that Olympics was normal anyways. We're having a pandemic, the whole world is shut down. Like nothing about the Olympic games was normal. And I feel for those athletes that might not ever be able to go to another Olympic games because that is not what the Olympics is about. Yeah. In 2016 it was so much fun. The comradery, the team spirit, everybody's rooting for everybody. I feel like that's world peace, time stops, doesn't matter what color you are, what religion you are, what you support, what you don't support.


Everybody comes together to support their athletes and their country. So it was just very strange. But I could feel something like the wires weren't connected. Like the red was off, the yellow Off something was off. And in training up to Tokyo, did you feel that too? A little bit. But we had been training so hard and we were, we were prepared. Like we were so prepared. I've never been so prepared for an event in my life. I mean obviously besides 2016, but this felt like a different kind of prepared and it felt a little bit more calm. Isn't That so crazy? As I'm listening to you, like you're like, I'm on the plane ride to Tokyo.


Yeah. And I knew like I knew something. It's like Something that just like was weird And you didn't know when. Yeah. But like that's again like the body just telling you like something ain't right. Yeah. Simone, I'm, we're not good. You're like, yeah, but to me, push it down. We are fine. And to me I was like, it's fine, take your medicine. And some of the days we're asking my doctor, I'm gonna take two, two of my pills. I never take two of my pills. But I was like, something's coming up. It feels like, I don't know what it is, but like I cannot control this. It is out of my control. So we're gonna control what we can control. Let's take your medicine, maybe try 20 milligrams, maybe try this. And it was just like, it was, it was the weirdest experience.


And whenever I look back at it, it doesn't seem real life. Which maybe is a good thing. Right? You're like, it's kind of like It's a good thing till everybody reminds me. No. As I'm sitting here being like, so let's talk about the team final in Tokyo. Yeah. I'm curious, we know what happened, you get lost in the air during your vault and everyone was shocked. But I'm curious like take me to the moment. Literally when you land on the mat, what is going through your mind?


You make countless decisions every day. But one of the easiest and most important decisions you can make is securing your home with simply safe. With simply safe Daddy Gang. Millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greeter peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out in the morning or locking up each night. Traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. But simply safes active guard outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. Thank you. AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents. Monitor your property and detect suspicious activity. If someone is lurking around or acting suspicious these agents see them, talk to them in real time, activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. Give yourself peace of mind with SimpliSafe Daddy Gang. Please, please, please make sure you're safe in your home, in your apartment, in your condo, wherever you are. Visit simplisafe.com/daddy to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simply safe.com/daddy. There's no safe, like simply Safe


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay, with T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay, so kick your old boyfriends to the Gerb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie, I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


Take me to the moment. Literally when you land on the mat, what is going through your mind? Okay, I'll start from the back of the runway. Okay. When we're standing there, let's go back to the Runway. So in the back, like we already knew my gymnastics was kind of janky, like in training, I was having twisties already, but I'm trying to push past that and I would literally tell the team, my teammates like I'm fighting demons, I'm fighting demons right now, but I'm gonna do it for you guys. Because like it was, the chords were not connected. So I literally felt like I was fighting my body and my mind to do these tricks. So we're trying to do some different things in the back and I'm like, okay, I can't do a full and off beam, can I please go back to my double double?


Which is way harder, but I know if I twist more, it's better for me. So then we go to vault. Vault is feeling a little bit weird in the air and you can see it like the girls, we ended on floor because we started on vault out there. So we end on floor, I go to do my first pass and you can see in the air, like you can ask the girls. It's not like my first pass is a triple double. And usually when you do it, you see my regular videos, you see one, you see two, you see three. This one it looks like I'm going like this in the air and it doesn't feel comfortable. I have no idea where I am, but I'm twisting like praying land on my feet. And they're like, that looks jacked up. You can tell all of the gymnasts in there from all of the countries are like, that's jacked up.


That looks jacked up. It looks like she's never done this today in her life, but they know it's a twisty. So people are kind of trying not to watch. We get out there on vault and I was like, okay, it's fine. I warmed up everything like it wasn't good, but I did it. And so we get that out there on vault and we have a one touch warmup, go over the table, do a one and a half, and I'm like, what the fuck? Like what was that? And so I'm like, it's fine. And everybody's freaking out. I don't have another touch so I have to go stand there until it's my turn to salute and go, I don't have another touch. So the girls are like, Can you explain that to people that have no idea what gymnastic like they're like what? What do you mean? Yes, gymnastics, once we go out there, we usually have a one touch vault and it is what it is. It's to warm up.


You you're, you're usually sitting in the back for 40, 45 minutes come out, you get one turn to take to warm up your vault to perfection. And then you sit there and wait till it's your turn to salute and hey, I'm at the Olympics. You know that's your debut before you know? Yes. And so we go out there and I do the one and a half and my teammates are shook. They're like, are you okay? Are you okay? And I'm trying to convince myself I'm okay so I don't need you asking me if I'm okay, right? Because I'm okay, listen, I'm okay, we're Great. Like Everything is not okay. Like Y Literally. And so they're like, you're fine. And I was like, I don't know why I did that. I, I don't know why. And I knew once I got up there, I'm chalking up, we can't put Jordan in yet.


I have to go, I have to put up a score no matter what it is over the table, I have to put up a score. So I'm chalking up and you can see if you watch the video. I'm like, because I have no idea what I'm gonna do when I hit that table. And so in my head I'm standing there and I'm like, I'll just do the double pike, which I haven't warmed up in like four days. And I'm like, if I do a double pike over rotate it, it's fine. And then I was like, they put up a score for a two and a half, so I have to do a two and a half. And I'm thinking if I do a double back that's so dangerous, my coach will kill me, my team will never forgive. And I saluted and I was like praying to God because I knew I was gonna do a vault, but I didn't know what I was gonna do.


And I knew I was gonna try to do a two and a half, but I didn't know how many twists I was gonna make. And I just, because I couldn't twist anymore. It's just like your body, your brain opens up, have no idea where you are. So I open landed like that and as soon as I land I kind of grin and I'm like, shit. And I salute and I want to run. If I could have gotten on a plane and flown home, I would've done it. But I just, as soon as I landed, I was like, oh, America hates me. The world is gonna hate me and I can only see what they're saying on Twitter right now. That's, that was my first thought, Simone. I was like, holy shit, what are they gonna say about me? Because usually if you go to the Olympics and you flop or whatever it is, everybody on their couch eating those little chips.


Right? It's like you let the country down. Oh, I was, I thought I was gonna be banned from America because that's what they tell you. Don't come back if it's not gold, gold or bust, don't come back. And I was like, I don't, thanks. Can we just pause also like yeah, you landing and the first thing that you're thinking should have been, thank God I'm alive. Yeah. 'cause you can severely hurt yourself. Yes. In those moments. Yes. And you understandably, because this is such an athlete thing. Yes. It's like praise everyone, get ev, get everything for everyone and just like sacrifice my body at all costs. And you land on the mat and you're thinking, what is Twitter saying? Yeah. I was like, no, I'm gonna be one of those videos flops at the Olympics.


Like, this is horrible. And I knew I couldn't recover and I knew, I knew how long the twisties takes to get over and I know it's not overnight. Can you explain also to people that aren't familiar? What is the twisties? Okay, if I had to explain it in gymnastics terms, it still might not make sense, but it's basically like your mind and your body is at a disconnect. Your body is gonna try to do something and your mind is gonna be like, no, you're not doing this. We're you're gonna open out, you're gonna do this. But it's the same as if, like, the best way I could describe it is every day you drive a car, if one day you woke up and you had no idea how to drive a car, your legs are going crazy. You have no control over your body. That's kind of how it feels like you've been doing something for so long and you now no longer have control.


Terrifying. Terrifying. Because we're in a car without any protection. I am my car. Like, so I would explain it as like the yips in golf or baseball or whatever it is. I'm not familiar with other sports, so if I'm wrong, correct me. But that's kind of, that's kind of how it feels like. So Immediately when you get off the map, what do you do? I go to tell my coach and I said, I'm done. I'm not doing anymore. Because if I survive that, I don't know how much else I can survive. Like I always say I'm a cat with nine lives, but I think that was my ninth, I'm done. And she's like, are you sure? And I was like, yes, Jordan, gear up. You're in, you're doing the rest of the meet. I'm not like, I can't do it.


And Are you like internally freaking out, but you're coming off just Like internally, but I, I, I didn't wanna freak out in front of the girls. Got it. So I kept like, as composed as I could have and I was like, you guys got this. And then they just went, we went to the back just to get evaluated, like mentally and physically, but we also didn't wanna, I didn't wanna scare the girls, so I was like, can we please go? And there's cameras, all the cameras rush over. And I was just like, because I know what happened, but I also don't know what happened and why it happened. So we just went in the back, the girls are gearing up for bars. I come back out and I was like, you guys got this, you'll be fine, trust me. And they were like, no, we can't do this out without you. We're, we're not gonna win anymore. Da da da.


They're freaking out because they also know what Twitter is gonna say if us doesn't win. And I was like, don't worry about it, you guys are here because you're the best in the world and you will be like, go out there and do your job. But I think it was really hard on them because mentally they lost their best player, the veteran, like, I think it was really hard on them. So that's something that I'll never forgive myself for, for that whole entire experience because I wish I could have been in there with them in a way that I was supposed to physically putting up team scores, putting them. But after that I became their loudest and best cheerleader. But I just wish I, it would've been contributing the way that it was supposed to happen. I think that's so hard when you're an athlete.


You understand that moment where you're like, you logically know there was nothing else you could have done. Nothing. Nothing. But Your brain is ill logical. When you're in those moments. Of course. Yeah. With your teammates where you're like, I will literally like die for this team Right now. And that's what I was, that's what I was doing. That's what I was putting myself through in the back. And that's why I don't know how I made it that far. Through warmups, through competing. I don't know how I landed on my feet. And I think that's what people don't realize is like, that's not the vault that I was supposed to compete. I had a whole nother full twist that I was supposed to compete. So they're like, she didn't wanna lose. And I was like, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not, like my pride is not that big. Like, you know what I'm saying?


Yes. So at that point it's like, you know what? I need to take care of myself and I need to do what's right for my team. And yeah, I need to let my pride not get in the way and push through this just to compete. To compete at the Olympics again, I need to go sit down, take a rest, see what's wrong mentally, and let's figure it out. But let's still give my team a chance of medal contention. Because again, what people also don't realize is if I got hurt on that vault, they couldn't replace me. So if I got hurt, since I'm on every event, it's two up to count. We would've never won a medal. But since what happened happened, we went to the back. At that point, they could rule it as a mental injury and all of that stuff.


And physical. We got to put Jordan in. People don't know that. What happened in the back? Did you just try to like, what happened? Doctors Came over. I had to talk to my family because they were watching the Olympics and they see me get whisked back. So they thought I was hurt. And I'm like, poor parents. Yeah, I'm hurt. My heart is broken. Like everything hurts, but my knees are fine. I'm like, my brain hurts. Like everything. So I called my family and it's so funny because my sister was sleeping. No, Like, bitch, I'm At the Olympics. Why Are you sleeping? But there's a time change, so I get it. But everybody's in up in the house cheering for me, Simone gear on. And my sister's like, I Think I'll take a nap.


I think I'll send this one out. Simone's got it. So they wake her up? No, she heard the phone ring. 'cause I called the home phone and she said she was sleeping and she felt something was wrong. She ran to the kitchen to, and said, I'll answer it. And saw my name on it. Oh, that's freaky. Freaky. And she answered and she said hello. And as soon as I heard her voice, I just, I lost it. You're crying. I was like, I'm out, I'm done. Like, and she was like, are you okay? And I was like, yeah, can you hear? And the phone to mom m Like, you're like, mom. Yeah. Like come pick me up. I'm scared. Literally. Mom, come pick me up. I'm scared.


I'm in Tokyo. Yeah. And you're back in the United States. Yeah. What did your mom say? She was like, are you okay? Because that was her main concern. She thought I got hurt. Of course. And at that point like, yeah, I wish my toe was sticking on the side of my foot or my knees weren't cracked or something. Because that would've been easier to explain. It's also just Like, as an athlete, you're so right. It's like the feeling of trying, it's we supposed to be the toughest. Yeah. Or like you're invincible. Yeah. What do you mean we can't see the injury? So you're fine. Yeah. And it's, I'm like, yeah, sorry. I came here and my brain just decided to have a malfunction and break. Yeah. How do you describe that to people? Do, how do, how do you tweet that one to the world? Yeah, That's what I'm saying.


But then whenever I really talked about it and there were actually a lot of people that understood and we got a lot of positive feedback. And that's why I was like, you know what? You are not gonna put me at the forefront of mental health. But again, if I can be a voice, let's go through this journey together. Because I know unfortunately a lot of us are struggling. But let's walk this journey together and let's go get healthy. Absolutely. Yeah. What are your parents like on that call? Your mom's checking if your kid, yeah. What is your, what is your dad like in those moments? My dad Is always so calm and collected it seems. Yeah. So he was probably like, oh, is she okay? But probably not even that concerned. He was probably like, is she okay?


Okay. Okay. Like I think that's just what he was doing. My mom was like a mess. I could hear her crying and breaking down. And that's what broke me too. It's because also I have so many people who have helped me get to where I was. And I felt like I didn't just let down myself. I let down that team that was there. I let down America, I let down my trainers. I let down, there were so many people that helped me get there. And that's why every time I get to compete for Team USA or I'm on top of that podium, I'm so grateful. And that medals not just for me, it's for everybody that has helped me get there. So it's like, at that point it was really heavy. 'cause I was like, I, I couldn't even, at that point I couldn't even look at Laurent.


Like Cecile helped me so much, but I couldn't look at Laurent Why I felt like I failed him. And I've never said that out loud. So it's like, and and they've helped me get to that point. 'cause I never thought I was gonna do gymnastics again. And so I felt like I let down Laurent Now having met him, I get it. Yeah. Like he has such a incredibly high standard for you in the best way. Yeah. Yes. And he's so like fierce and loyal, but Like yeah, he thinks he doesn't let, he tries not to let anything get to him. And I knew that got to him. You Ended up participating in the individual beam competition? I did. And won a bronze medal. Yeah.


Flex. How did you know you were okay to compete? I changed my routine because I didn't have to twist. Flipping wasn't necessarily the problem. It was flipping and twisting. And so one of the gyms there, let me go train there and I have like videos from that too. And so they let me change my dismount and I've done a full in for like eight or like seven years or eight years. I hadn't done a double pike in like that long. So going back and trying to control that and I kept over rotating. It was insane. I was so scared because my dismount is typically harder. And so I was like, okay, I can still do beam if we change my dismount.


And we were able to change it. And at that point I, I didn't think I was gonna medal. I was like, I just wanna go out there compete because this is what I came here to do. But How do you even like mentally get yourself together to like, after that moment with vault, like It was like four days later, thank God, thank God you could just like chill. Because I pulled out of every final. But every time I pulled out a final, I felt like, like it was another knife. Like, so I got to do beam and I was really excited. And then of course a lot of people hated that, oh of Course she's gonna Do it for herself. And I was like, you don't see me twisting, do you still not twisting? But yeah, once the score came up I was like, oh, thank God. Like made a beam routine.


And then we saw that I was gonna medal and I hit Cecile and I said, We do what? What? I'm gonna a Bronze. And after Rio, I got a bronze on beam and I was shunned and people were like, throw that medal away. You should have got a gold. 'cause I did mess up, but we, there's no telling what the medal would've been, but I did mess up. So I ended up with a bronze. And so I was scarred from having a bronze medal because I never really talked about my bronze because people made me so ashamed of it in Rio. And so whenever I got that bronze, you could, you couldn't tell me that it was a bronze. It felt like a gold to me. Right?


You're like, I'm just happy I got a medal. Yes, I'm happy I got back out there. Compet for people to be like, don't come home with that bronze. It's like, sorry. Do you know how to do a Cartwheel? That's what I'm saying. Sorry. Who are you to say yes? Don't come home with a bronze. Yeah, it's Crazy. I'll, I'll walk my ass back into America. Yeah. Happily raise it around. Right? I'll take a bronze. Yeah. So it's, it's just like from one spectrum to the other. From having a real bronze Yeah. To a Tokyo bronze. It's like polar opposites. Like I'm swinging that thing around. People are like, you Know, that's a bronze. I'm like, I'm like, we got it. Let's go. Yeah, but you couldn't tell me that it was a bronze because you, you you got it.


Yeah. You like, God bless. Yeah. Okay, take me to the plane ride. I'm picturing you, you're like getting through these Olympics at this point. Yeah. You get bronze, you're like, time to go back home. That's a long ass plane ride. Yeah. I was ex mentally, physically exhausted, drained. I have nothing left and I can't put on a face anymore. Like I physically could not wait to land in Houston. And they made us go to New York to Do like the Today Show or, and so I got my hair and makeup done, whatever. Still putting on a great face because I'm like, all I wanna do is hold my mom and cry.


I want my mom like, I just want my mom. And like just first today. So sweetie smile. Yes. And so as soon as we landed in Houston again, there was at the gate so many cameras. So I still had to put on a face. I couldn't break down. But I hugged my mom and I just like felt comforted. But I couldn't break down until we got home. And guess what, when I got home, they threw a parade and I, they're like, get ready Simone. We have a parade through the neighborhood. Like get your convertible Smile and wave at you. I just wanted to have a m like a breakdown and I didn't want to have it. This mental breakdown. It was waiting. No, It is sitting in your chest. You're like horrible. When can I sob? When can I sit in my bed for 48 hours and not leave and just sub.


Yeah. And you had to do a parade. Yeah. I pray. I just wanted, at that point you're like, I just wanted to cry. Will the tears even come at this point I've been holding a, I just wanted to cry and be like, this was the shittiest thing ever. I don't know why it happened. I just wanted to solk in my feelings and to be by myself. And I didn't want anybody to tell me that it was okay anymore because I'm tired of everybody telling me it's okay. It's okay to you. It's not okay To me what happened was not okay. Like, so that that was that. So When did you break down? Probably when I had to unpack that suitcase and then I went on tour and I was hosting my own tour across America Gold over America, which was absolutely amazing.


The fans, the kids, beautiful. We put together an amazing production. But like even before some of those shows, I had therapy say my, I can't recall what time our show started, but say it started at seven, I would be on therapy from like four 30 to six and then I would give myself an hour to get ready. And some days Jordan would come in my room because I had my own room. I'd be bawling my eyes out trying to put on my ma makeup because I'm talking to my therapist about the Olympic experience, put on my face, Woo. Hi golden for America. I love to see you like crazy.


It's like, yeah, it was fun. And, and I will cherish every stop and every show that we got to put on. Totally. But it was just like behind the scenes, just nobody knew. Well, no, and that's what I appreciate you sharing that because it doesn't take away from, you had an amazing experience with those people. But it's like, again, shows the level of strength you have of like, you know, Simone Biles the public person and what she needs to do to show up. But like were, and I don't want you to share what you're comfortable. Yeah. 'cause therapy is sacred, but like in those sessions, are you going beat by beat? Yeah. Or are you just talking about the overall feeling and experience? For me, since it, again, it was a new therapist, God, which I, oh god.


Yeah. Is That good or bad timing? I'm like, It was a new therapist and every time I'm with a new therapist it feels a little bit uncomfortable. So I like to start by saying like, Hey, I'm like an onion. Let's peel the layers. Like I'm an open book anywhere else. But with trauma it has to be, it has to be by layers because listen, I still have to put on face, I still have to go do these shows. I don't, you know, so it was kind of layers by layers. But like the compartmentalizing that we do as an athlete and just as a human, I know a lot of us do. It was insane. And I don't know how I got through it, but honestly I think the tour helped me get out there and realize there's more to life than gymnastics.


And I honestly thought since I didn't compete at the Olympics in the way that I was supposed to and that we didn't win gold, I thought nobody was gonna show up to my tour stops. And night after night, it kind of filled my cup up because all of these girls and the fans came out. And I remember after a show, sometimes we get to see our family, but since COVID, it wasn't too much family. But my family and some of the producers were at a show and we were in the back, we were eating dinner after the show and I broke down crying and I was like, I cannot believe people are still showing up.


Why are they showing up? We didn't win. And that's when I realized like, holy crap, It's not about That. Yeah. But I always thought it was because that was ingrained in my head and that's what everybody told me. That's heavy. Yeah, It was. It was crazy. I've learned so much about myself in such different Olympic experiences that now having another Olympic year in a cycle, like it's traumatizing in a way to walk into. But I feel like at this point nothing can break me. It's like, yeah, I've just been through so much, so much trauma, so much healing. I'm actually excited to see what happens. Yeah. After This, I was gonna say like in a, in a strange way.


'cause I was thinking about, I'm actually like, I feel like I, I can visualize oddly like that scene of you opening that suitcase Yeah. And just like sitting there with it in front of you of like, yeah. And and the emotions and everything you're feeling from what you just tried to run away from kind of, yeah. Is sitting there going now to this new phase. It's a little traumatizing. You're right to be like, am I gonna do that again? Yes. Like I gotta Do, like, I'm gonna put myself through this. Right? Yeah. When you were home, when was the first time you tried the vaults again? Like did you go immediately into the gym? What was the situation?


That's what I wanted to do. But since we had tour, there was no way for me to really get into a gym and train like that. But I was so traumatized. So after tour I kind of put it under the rug. That's for another time. I would go into the gym and train, like play around. I wouldn't say train. I would go into the gym, go see the girls, and I would just go jump on the trampoline and do back flips. Back tugs. Like people call back flips. That's why I'm saying back flips. Yep. But I would go do back tugs. And even that felt kind of weird 'cause I'm like, whoa. But I hadn't done that in a year. 'cause I took off a year or more and every time I went to the gym it was kind of traumatizing. And so every time I'd flip, I'd just like flashbacks to Tokyo.


Oh, I'm gonna get lost. I'm gonna get lost. And Laurent would always come over and he's like, okay, go into the pit. Let's do a full. And I'm like, I, I'm here to see the girls. I just wanted to jump on the tramp. You're Like, I'm just like here to jump on the trampoline. Yeah. Like calm Down. He would make me twist and go back to the basics. And I wasn't even training. I literally would just come visit. And he didn't want me to have that feeling because, and, and before that I would watch mass on TV and the girls would be twisting and I'd be like cringing. I'd be like, oh my God. Oh my God, I'm gonna throw up. I can't, 'cause I can't picture myself doing it because I took so much off. What was the lowest point of the entire Tokyo aftermath and experience?


I would say it wasn't even in Tokyo, unfortunately. I think it's whenever I decided to come back and train in getting over those demons, because there were so many days I would come back in the gym and I was like, one step forward, five steps back, one step forward, five steps back. Because as soon as I got lost one time, get lost, pack my bags, I'm outta there. Why am I putting myself through this? Hell no. So I would literally, like, I left so many times it was frustrating for both me and Laurent because he didn't fully understand the twisties. And for a lot of the time as gymnasts, we know it happens, but it's very unspoken of, and whenever it happens, you pretend it doesn't happen.


Huh? Why? Why is that It? It's not a good feeling. It's dangerous. It'ss like horrible. It's scary. But you don't wanna speak up 'cause then you're like, I don't wanna be out. Yeah. And then the other girls will look at you and they feel like once you get lost it's gonna happen to them. Got it. So it feels contagious. Interesting. So whenever they were looking at me and doing it, it just like, it's so weird. And so we, yeah, we had to go back to the basics. And honestly like the whole year, whenever Laurent last year, he told me I was competing. I was like, how can I compete? I'm not over the twisties yet. Because every time I went to bars or beam or floor, I was praying that I did the amount of twist I was supposed to.


Like I was so traumatized for this experience that I'm just now feeling better. And even walking into the gym some days I feel like I'm gonna get lost because I know why it happened. But like, I'm like, that's the reason. Right. So yeah. Even I, I'm just now feeling comfortable without, yeah. So it's crazy because like I went through world championships, everybody's like, she's back. And like, if we would've had one more day of world championships, I think just mentally from convincing myself that I can do it so many times and you're fine. Twisting. Twisting. I think I would've just broke down and been like, I, I just can't, like mentally I couldn't do it anymore.


Not physically. I think physically I would've been able to do it. But if there were one more day of worlds, I, I wouldn't have done it because It's, I think what people I hope understand is like there's this mental ta like taxing aspect of like when you fail at something, you can't unsee it. Exactly. And you can't unfeel it. So you're trying to remove yourself and you're trying to push it as far away as possible. Yeah. But your brain has experienced it once. So you need to be so mentally strong. Yes. To lock that so far in the corner. Yes. But It's hard. Yeah. So when did you approach your coaches and say, I wanna come back? It was kind of funny because the conversation didn't go how I thought it was gonna go. Oh, okay. And so I think I requested a meeting or whatever with Cecile and Laurent and we ended up at their house and brought my husband, you know, my little blanking and I was like, okay, I wanna go back to the Olympics.


I wanna do this. And they're sitting across the table and they look at me and they're like, no. And I was like, ah, I just, I wanna go to the Olympics. Like I wanna go back to the Olympics. Let's do This. Wait, like scream for me? Yes. And they were like, no. And I was like, what's happening? I'm like, what's going on? And they were like, no, you've set expectations for yourself for so long. Let's just go back in the gym, get in shape, huh. And see what happens. And I was like, so we're not going to the Olympics, we're not Training for the Olympics.


You're like, we ain't gonna Paris. Yes. Like, what do you mean? And so That was really weird to me because I thought they were gonna be on board like, yes, we have the process laid out, duh duh, let's go. And they, they just said no. And I was like, Hmm, do I get new coaches do? I was like, what's going on? And I was like, oh, you're right. And he was like, let's not just think about the Olympics right now. Let's think about maybe getting your skills back, twisting comfortably again doing this. And I was like, Oh, Oh those things. Oh okay, fine. Yeah. But then can we go to the Olympics? Yes. And that's kind of how we started it. And then I didn't think, I was competing at classics last year and he was like, yeah, you're competing.


Here's your Leos, here's this, here's that. I was like, what? That we weren't going to The Olympics. So I can officially ask and you can confirm like the goal is to go to Paris If all goes well, I'm training. Yeah. The goal is to go to Paris. Yes. So if you're going to Paris, how are you approaching the games differently compared to previous years? I think just working on my mind and my body more than I have or continuing to work on my body and my mind. Just like I have the past year and a half and it's worked and sort of just stay on top of that. It's exhausting but like I have to do it.


It's, it's working. I didn't think therapy was gonna work and it's working. So Therapy is The most incredible thing that I have always said to people. Like, yeah, you do though need to get into it when you are ready. Yes. It's like so many people can tell you to go and if your body and brain is not ready to go, it's not even gonna penetrate. You're gonna be like, I don't feel shit. This Person Person, yeah. And you're not gonna open up, you're not gonna talk, you're not gonna be vulnerable. You're not gonna let those demons out. So it worked out for the better. I think I saw an interview of you where you were like, which I kind of loved. You were like, people ask you your goals if you're, you know, for the Olympics and you're like, I'm not sharing my goals. Yeah. Because I'm so sick of people then like shoving them in my face if I don't Exactly. Hit it. And I think that's good for you to set boundaries with press.


Can I ask though, like a personal, like not having to do with gymnastics a personal goal mentally for you that you're gonna carry through? I would say to keep up with my therapy even on those hard days because I've, I have dodged a couple of pep Session. Oh yeah. You're like, sorry, I'm like a little busy. That's so relatable. You're like, And she knows I have my days off so I do it the same day every time. And she's like, Simone, Simone, are you there? And I was like, no, Sorry I'm not here. That's the worst when your therapist calls out, I, I was why? I know you're free. And you're like, no I'm not. And they're like, and those are the ones that my always get mad at you. 'cause they're like, those are the sessions you need The most. That's what she shows me. But you know, my phone's on Do not disturb.


You're like, I can't hear you, I mess. What's up? I'm like, But I feel so guilty and so ashamed. I do too when I ghost my thera. Is there anything more toxic than ghosting your therapist? You're literally like, this is like The most toxic because it's the healthiest relationship of your own. Thank you. But like so toxic, so bad. Sometimes you just, you can't, we need a break sometimes I don't wanna talk my feelings too much And, and sometimes it's like exhausting. I just feel like a record on repeat. And again it goes back to like, I feel like I should be healed by now. Now you're shoving this down my throat. I hope you and I know this to anyone going through mental health situations or survivors, whatever it is.


Like it is not on you to absolutely speed up the process Yeah. Of recovery from trauma. That was not your fault. Yes. And so it's hard to, again, as athletes yeah you're trained to get over things so quickly. But this is one thing you have to like rewire your brain. Yes. To be like, it's okay. Yes. To feel this and don't shove it away. Yeah. Call your therapist. Yeah. Talk it Through. No, 100%. And I agree and I think I've learned that with my therapy over the years. So I am very grateful that I'm in therapy and thankful for the resources we have because before this I, no athlete was very outspoken about doing therapy or this, that, the other or even just getting help.


So we are in a very fortunate situation that we're able to do that and we're allowed to be vulnerable with our fans and with our community. So I guess I just wanna say thank you to them too because without them we wouldn't be able to do what we do. So, Okay. This is still Call Her Daddy. So I wanna talk about your husband, your married to an NFL player. Jonathan Owens. Yes.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by White Claw. I don't know who needs to hear this, but you are way too hot to be spending the summer sitting inside scrolling on your phone. Stop letting plans fizzle out in the group chat, get outside and make some memories. And you know what goes perfectly with a seven UV index and yapping with your girls a can of cold white claw. That's right Daddy Gang. It is White Claw summer, 100 calories in 12 glorious ounces gluten-free and tastes you know and love. There's an ice cold claw for everyone. I personally love the black cherry. Matt loves a good lime. Lauren loves a good mango. Come outta hibernation and stop leaving everyone on red. We're finding a guy with a boat and having a damn drink. Pick up a pack from your local spot and grab life by the claw with your favorite flavor this summer. Please drink responsibly hard seltzer with flavors. White Claw Seltzer works Chicago, Illinois.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. What if your work was more than just a paycheck? As an entrepreneur, you can turn your passions into profits and do something you truly love every single day. The tools are at your fingertips with Shopify making it easy for you to focus on the big picture and fuel your passions. Daddy Gang, it may not seem obvious at the time, but there are a lot of ways that you can turn your passion into something bigger than you ever set out to achieve. Okay, some of you may be at work right now and you may be miserable at your job or you may like your job, but you're trying to figure out what is your next step. What is your passion? What do you wanna do for the rest of your life? With Shopify, you can easily sell on social media, manage your operations, and even collaborate with other brands. Shopify is your all in one hub for managing and growing your business. Whether you're selling online or in person. I have been using Shopify since basically day one. When I got Call Her Daddy all on my own, I was like, okay, I wanna make sure I'm managing all of this correctly. And specifically with my merchandise business, I've been utilizing Shopify to help me manage all of the things that I have going on. I really want everyone who's listening, you should feel incentivized to pursue entrepreneurship if it's something that you have always wanted. But I get it, it can be overwhelming. So let Shopify help you out. Life is too short to do something you don't love Daddy's start today on Shopify dot com slash daddy and make it happen. That is Shopify dot com slash daddy.


You are married to an NFL player. Jonathan Owens. Yes. You met on Raya. Which first I just wanna say like, God bless you 'cause I had no luck. Raya Okay girl. Like Raya was just doing nothing for me. But like DJs in Australia. Yeah, so good for you. You didn't have, I had no luck. I could have Put your, I could have changed your setting. Thank you. Okay, well your Setting were off. Were check 50 To hundred miles. Stretch. Listen, I had enough of my days with athletes. Okay, Simone, I had to move on. What made his profile stand out? I think first of all, boys are so different from girls because like we're picking the cutest backgrounds, The most aesthetically looking pictures like, and I wanted him to see, I didn't wanna really show that I was a gymnast, so I didn't wanna put like a gymnastics gymnastic key picture in there unless he had to click on my Instagram and then see I was a gymnast.


So I, I didn't want them that to be the first impression. So I was like, okay, face not that much makeup, this, that, the other. But what stood out on his profile was just like, he seemed so charismatic. He had these little dimples, you know, the light eyes. And I was like, oh, he's so cute. And he, I think he had a, his bulldog on there. I was like, he has a dog. This is so cute. That's how, I mean, e note to men listening, even if you don't own a dog, take a picture with the dog and put it on your profile because it won't work. But To me, if he had a dog that meant he was responsible. I love that. You think that is the first thing? I mean, while I'm like, oh, he is so cute. Is that him laughing back there?


There or someone laughing? He but listen, So then I love but listen, someone's laughing. Then I went to his profile and I didn't know it was his nephew and I was like, he Has a kid. Oh no, you thought he had a kid. I thought he had a kid. But then you know, I, my soccer skills are soccer skills. 30 seconds. You figure it out, figured it out. You figured out it was everyone. Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. So it was okay. When did you start to realize he was the one you I know, I know. No Actually, and this is so cliche because everybody says this, but like the first time I met him I came home from like our little date and stuff and my friends were at my house and I was like, I'm gonna marry him. Like, who says that? I don't know why I said that. I don't know what it is, but I just felt something.


It just like felt Different. Like what? Like the energy or The energy? How well we got along and like it was a covid relationship. It was like March of 2020, whenever I went over, I had to go to his apartment to meet him. It wasn't a public setting and we knew it didn't wanna be public because we're both like public, they just take pictures, whatever. But to go to his apartment, I was like, Right, like For a first date. But we, we had no other choice. Everything was really shutting down in our city. Like that week, everything was starting to shut down. And so for me, I was like, let's just do a play date with the Bulldogs. And he was like, 'cause I have a bulldog too. And he was like, well no, because then we'll be distracted by the dogs.


And for me I kind of sometimes like distractions that's away from me so that like, if it's awkward, I'm like, oh my dog, look at her. The dog is sitting on the floor. Literally. So he was like, no, not for the first date. Then we'll introduce them. Like, and I was like, oh okay. Oh cute. But then I walked in and his dog was so excited he peed all over the floor. That's sweet. And I was like, I was like, maybe girls aren't here very often. Great sign. I love you. You've never seen a Girl. The dog has never met A girl. Context clue. Simone, you're genius. You're like, thank you. They've never seen a woman or even the delusion. You're like, they've never seen a, A woman that delusion.


They're like the de. Yeah. What is married life like To me? I mean, God, we were together the whole entire time and then as soon as we get married, green Bay's like, hey, we wanna sign him. So we went from our wedding, dropped our bags, flew out the next morning, signed a green bay, and they were like, see you Monday, Jonathan. So as soon as we got married it was long distance. So it was very different. Now he's back home. Now we're getting back into the groove of things because we we're both on our schedules, we're both athletes. And I think that's what is so nice about our relationship is like we get to focus on our sports respectively and then we get to focus on each other. But it's no different. We're still dating, you know? Yeah. We're about to be four years in.


So yeah. Married life is no different. Okay. Jonathan, if you're listening, I don't even know if he's in this house yet. I think he is. We have to talk about the viral moment. Yeah. Like we have to do it. I You're gonna, I have to. I have to. Jonathan's viral interview where he said he had no idea who you were and the internet went insane. What was your reaction when you heard the interview and everything? I was in the room. I was sitting on the chair. You just couldn't see me on the videos. I was there for the whole entire video. And you were feeling great. I was feeling great. I was like, my man just killed that. And I stop, stop. And I'm so excited.


And like they even panned over to me with that viral moment and I just like rolled my eyes and laughed because like Right. But the funny thing is, is whenever I met Jonathan, we were texting that week and I, at that point I'm like, okay, I don't have time to waste. So if we're gonna meet, because if it goes over a week, you're not meeting. Like forget this, you know? Yeah. And so I, we met that week, but whenever I would text him anything, I text him, he would say, I can do that. I can do that. So he could do everything. He was a comedian, he was a dog trainer. He was the best cook out there. He was the fastest runner. He could do everything. And that cracked me up about him. So I couldn't wait to meet him to be like, you're not funny.


You're not a good cook. You're not shit. Yeah. Literally. So I just thought that was funny because, and I thought that was cute, that he thought he was good at everything because I'm like, I'm good at gymnastics. Right. Lemme show. He's like, I'm good at everything. And so whenever we did that, he did that interview, I thought everything was okay, I'm dying that you in Your, and then I go on Twitter and everybody's like, divorce this man, he's mean. And I'm like, he's the sweetest. He like, he praises the ground that I walk on. Like truly, I've never met a man like him. He so opens my doors. He, so, and I'm not saying that to be like he's still opens my doors because that's to be expected of men. But like he truly goes out of his way to do anything for me today I was like, babe, I'm at the gym and I forgot my camera.


Can you bring it? And I meant to bring it to this house. He brought it to the gym. No, No. Like he's just so sweet, Right? He's just doing things like you, you feel loved. Yes. And you feel supported. And obviously I didn't think anything of that interview and he never said I wasn't a catch. He said he was a catch because he is. I've never met a man like him. A lot of people that meet him are like, oh my gosh. Like I want a man like that. Like Jonathan, like a lot of the girls at the gym, they love him. He's so nice to them. He supports them. He's so sweet. One of the girls at the gym, she's like my little sister. And we had gone to, I think we were at camp and I always drive her to camp. So she drops her car off at my house and she parks it in the driveway.


He got her windows tinted. He was like, you can't be fish bowling out here. And got her windows tinted. Like he's this sweet, Like he's thinking of the little things. Yes. I think what's crazy is first of all, just as we know the internet, like yeah. Oh my God, you never know what's gonna go viral. And they'll take it and run and that's exactly what they did. Why do you think people got so upset? Because he wasn't, he, first of all, that interview had nothing to do with me. It was all for him. So I think they were mad that he didn't include me in the interview, but he has to have his moments too. And I let him have it. Whenever I go to football games, like sometimes I get field passes, but I'm not like, Hey look at me, Simone Biles is here. I just wanna see my man in that uniform.


Gimme a little kiss. Good luck out there. It's like, this is his moment. That's his interview. What was I supposed to interrupt that interview and be like, hey, da da da. Right? Like you're like, I actually like that you're like, sometimes I'm like, I wanna have my wag moment on the field where I'm just like, I'm not Simone Biles the Olympian, I'm just Simone Biles and that's my boo on the field. Yes. And I love to support him. So I think that they were mad that whenever they said he, yeah. And by the way, like he said it, but Brian Clark like said it so many times. Like Yeah, so you're saying, so it was kind of hyped up, you know, boys whatever, like yes. Those conversations or drinking their little tequila, whatever it is. So I think that was the thing.


If it was that girl's moment, it's just different. That was like their fireside chat that they're outside hanging with the boys, whatever. Like there was no, there was nothing foul about it. When, when that was all going crazy and trending, what are you guys saying to each other? I thought it was hilarious what people were saying. Divorce him. Divorce him, all of this crazy stuff. And like, he doesn't even like to say divorce. He's probably dying right now that I've said it like six times in a row. Divorce? Yeah, Literally Divorce Because like that, whatever. So I thought it was hilarious at first and then they hurt my feelings. Right. Oh. And then like one night I got broke, I broke down and I'm like, why are you guys talking about my husband like this? Yeah. Like you don't know him, you don't know who he is.


And if anybody's met him, they know he's the sweetest guy and will do anything for anybody. Yeah. It was just perceived in in not the correct way. Yes. And so that really hurt that they were talking about my husband like that. Because for me it's like, talk about me all you want, but don't come from my family. Never. Yeah. Like, because I've been in the limelight long enough where I can brush things off, have my little powwow about it. You're not gonna know. I cried about about, I'd be crying about some stuff, you know, but, but I'm also, I only cry about it because I can't clap back. Just know that. Why not? Why couldn't you? I Hurt their feelings. You're like, you don't want me to clap back. Yeah. And it's just like classy. You know CL Yes.


Because whenever I was younger I used to have Twitter, Twitter fingers too. Oh, okay. Like my agent, like mon, can you take that down? No, no. You know, because I would go off on people because who are you to say? And so every now and then if I say something it's like slick and clever, right? But I can really go there. Yeah, You just, you're just like, it's better to not Exactly. Yeah. Okay. Jonathan has never, never, they're in the drafts. Yeah. In the draft. You draft them and you never send them. Because if I at Least type that out, I feel better. Everyone's Twitter. I hope someone hacks your Twitter and just rips. Can you imagine? Or like, damn. Damn because they're like quoted literally. Okay. Jonathan has never gotten to go to the Olympics before with you. What are you most excited about for him to experience?


Well hopefully he gets to go because that's usually like their training camp. No, and he's working on a new contract, so hopefully he'll work in his new contract. At least like two days. Yeah. Like even if it's like hey personal day. Yeah. But some teams are really, really nice about like if you work with their family relations, some are more family oriented than others. So fingers crossed we'll get to see him in the stands. So I'm excited for him to see that one. I'm excited to see him, to see the Olympics because football's not in the Olympics and he always says it's like the harder sport, it's universal. And I'm like, so why isn't it in the Olympics if not every country does it Period.


But no, just to see that spirit and I'm at Paris, I think they'll do a beautiful job. And he doesn't travel overseas too, too much. The first time he went overseas was like when I think he was on the Texans and they went to London, like he had to get a passport. He never had a passport before. Oh. So you're like, come with me babe. Yes. Lemme show you the word Yes. Literally. Yes. Literally. Okay. Regardless of what happens in Paris. Yeah. What do you hope your legacy is? To be an advocate for anything that I've been outspoken about. Mental health, foster care, A DHD, whatever that is.


But also just someone that gave it her all. Never gave up but also had fun and enjoyed her career. Because I think a lot of times athletes might look back at their career and be like, I wish I had more fun or I wish I did this differently. But I'm kind of at the age where I've been, I don't really have any more regrets 'cause I'm a little bit older, I'm more mature. Everything I've done has kind of been on like my time. So I don't have regrets. I think that is so beautiful. And I think first I would just like to thank you because hearing so much of what you're talking about, like you are so perceived on the internet.


Yeah. And there's so much pressure and there's, it's difficult to open up and sit and be honest and vulnerable. Yeah. And I appreciate you trusting me with your story and this experience because I am such a huge fan of yours. Thank you. And I think you are, you are so much more than gymnastics, but you are kick-ass badass as a gymnast obviously. Thank you. The greatest of all time. So I just cannot wait to see what's next for you. And I don't just mean obviously the Olympics. No. Like just your life and your career and Simone Biles and I love you. Congrats. Thank you. Congrats. Oh my God, we did it. Yay.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that Call Her Daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple podcast. To start your free trial today,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder Spring and festival season is upon us Daddy Gang, It is time to get on Tinder and take a chance on matching With a new crush on Tinder, it has quite literally never been easier to find a new person with the same music interest shoot. I mean, maybe even someone who interest juices you to something new. Okay, maybe you're not even just getting a date. Who knows? Maybe you're getting a whole new set of plans instead of things to do. Okay. But you better throw a couple likes their way or you'll never know. Explore all possibilities for yourself on Tinder. It starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by SoFi. The next gen finance app, Daddy Gang. Managing your finances is so important and SoFi can help. SoFi just launched SoFi Plus America's most rewarding financial membership all in one app. With SoFi Plus, you can unlock $1,000 plus in value across banking, investing, spending, and more available for $10 a month or at no cost with direct deposit. Power Up Your Money with SoFi plus@sofi.com slash Call. Her Daddy.


Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? You can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. Sunshine. No. Some wine, yes. Get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets. See app for details.