
Spencer Pratt, you will obviously never be as relevant as you were. How does that make you feel? Oh yeah. Fuck you. Fuck this interview. Stupid podcast. Fuck this. Shit's over a here. Is he actually leaving? What is Up? Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Okay, here we go. Mr. It it. Oh my gosh. Look at this outfit. I love it. Oh my God. So nice to meet you.


The devil is attacking me. Oh my God. The devil. Well, the second I get in my car, it's never happened in my life. It says engine cooling. I'm like, what the fuck does that mean? So I go to the gas station, I'm like, oh, buy engine cooling. And I put it in and it's like spraying out. I call BMW Service. They're like, you need to tow it right now. I'm Like, you're like, I gotta go to Call Her Daddy. No. Fuck The car. Like, oh my God. Okay. Do you, can you mic yourself up immediately? Because we're, we're getting into this. This Is very fancy. Wait, isn't it cute? It's my spencer. It's the first time I'm using these. I feel honored. I'm Honored because I knew you were someone that would know how to put it on and use It. I mean, I usually let them do it. That's like the perks. So I should have done it. Okay, we're going over here to make a drink.


Oh, you didn't even get good tequila. No, this is embarrassing. I won't actually touch these bottles. We, Are you serious? Oh, I can't be on camera with that one. We, what do you drink? I mean, I was bootlegging enough would be like Coloa Z. This as low as we're gonna go. This is all I had from like a random You I'll watch. I'm not, you're not getting me on camera. Hold. I mean, this was, I drank this in, wait, do I have anything else? 2000 Spencer. I tried 1942. Come on. Spotify. What is going on? Budget cuts. I have a champagne bottle. Okay. So Spencer, right off the bat, is just shitting on me for not having, I also needed this Take A, that, that car coolant.


That was a lot. Okay. Yeah. Let's talk about what happened. Alright, so I get in the car, I was gonna be air early. I was gonna sit in the car, meditate, get, just visualize the best freaking podcast ever. And I get in the car and it says engine coolant. I'm like, I'm not a mechanic, but this looks, seems bad. So I go to the car place real quick. I'm like, I need engine coolant. I'm very late to the biggest podcast in my life, statistically. And so he's like, oh my God, it's leaking everywhere. And I'm like, pour more in. So we pour more in. I call BM bmw. They're like, you need to tow it here. Right? I'm like, I'm not towing it. They're like, the car could shut down on you on the way there. I'm like, well then it's gonna shut down.


'cause I'm not missing this. Let's fight the do. Okay. Okay. Do you wanna pop the dom? I mean, I'll drink that. Okay. Let's do that. Let's do that. That's, that's a better way to go about it. Okay. I feel like you should do the honors. You know, here's the thing I've learned. 'cause Heidi's a professional champagne bottle opener. What? I used to like the, like excitement of, right. You wanna spray it all into my camera? And Yeah. And she's like, no, you're not even supposed to have like, barely a noise. It's not a game to like, you know, you guard that. You come in like that. You treat it like that because people always, Ugh, you're gonna, so the key, what I've been taught is he just slowly, it's, it's less exciting. But let's not, I think that's better.


Let's not waste this money. Wow. I mean, kicking off the Call Her Daddy podcast. Beautiful cheer. I don't know Your Daddy Gang. Cheers. I am so honored to be involved with your mafia that you have. I'm so honored you're here. They're gonna love you. Spencer, you are popping off on TikTok. I need to know what is your strategy? It was drinking And then that's what I haven't been toing. Well, here's what happened. Here's what happened. I don't know how it happened. So what people loved to, so I had to stop 'cause Heidi was like, you play the hills in the house anymore. Like, I'm gonna choke you. Like she can't even, it's like nails on a chalkboard.


So I'm like, honey, these are going a viral. Like this one just did a meal in like 10 minutes. And she's like, I don't care. Like stop talking about the best. I'm like, it's relevant to a niche micro audience, honey. So that is fucking hilarious. It's a hard balance because I'm also blowing up all these people that I can't stand. Yeah, yeah. So it's like, do I like, I'm like the views, but I'm like nobody. You Know, I kind of love that Heidi's like, Spencer knock. Get the fuck off. And you're like, can't hear you. A million views. Gotta go. This is so delicious. Spencer. I can't believe you don't have a charcuterie plate though, for us. Whoa. I mean, we're going upstairs to the interview. Are you ready? Should we bring this or no?


Let's leave it. You need to drive home in your fucked up car. Oh No, I'm towing it. Oh, here you are. Towing it here. It's a tow situation. Oh, you're towing it here. I wasn't even supposed to get here. Is Heidi picking you up? I said I would. Uber black, Uber ex, you know, Whatever sensor. It's all about the money. Let's go upstairs. Oh my gosh. All right. Deep Breath. No, I'm praying. You're praying.


Do you wanna pray out loud? Please, God, have this. Just be the greatest podcast to ever hit the waves of this dimension. Have it just touch so many people's hearts in a positive, enlightening way. God. And just truly be a blessing for everyone's ears. And if they're visually watching this with captions, just when they read it, just have their spirit. Just be uplifted and inspired. Amen. That was a little too much. Holy Spirit. Almost fainted there. Oh my God, my God. Do you, do you believe in God? Oh yeah.


Okay. But I mean, Heidi like took it to the next level. 'cause she's like a preacher. Really? Like I was trying to be in the Illuminati when I met Heidi. We were you Really? Oh, a hundred percent. I didn't realize they're like drinking blood and Ooh, you're not into that. You know, all the weird, weird, I thought it was just like sex parties, like eyes wide shut, you know? Oh right. Everybody older than, you know, 18. Totally. You Know, like you wanted to be a part of the sex parties, Not just the the party, but like that's perk. Like the Tom Cruise movie, like that looked totally, you know, pretty like minus like people disappearing. It looked like totally My vibe. Thank you for kicking us off. I feel really zen and calm. I almost just started crying. I don't know if it was tears of joy or laughter, but it was something you got an emotion out of me.


I mean, it, it hit me too. I don't know, it's good AC in here, but it was You like, I almost fainted. I was like, okay, Spencer Pratt, welcome to Call Her Daddy. I'm so honored. You grew up in California, going to school with celebrities and celebrities kids. Who was the first famous person you remember meeting in your life? Oh, hands down. Meryl Streep. I was on the set of Death Becomes her, I think was the title where she's like falling apart. So shout out. She would deny knowing me at this point, but I, I think her name was Mamie Gummer. We were BFFs, we were very young. We would go set and it was Meryl Streep and I would be chilling on set.


So yeah, I did not expect the answer. That's fucking baller. Oh, I mean it, I went to Crossroads the list that like right goes on. But that's like if My, that's like the Main, the cool like just in this mansion and you know, I mean, then it's next thing you know I'm having a slumber party with Hillary Clinton, you know? So I mean, like my child, we, You have to clarify, you're having a slumber party with Hillary Clinton. What do you mean? So my best friend Charlie, his parents were best friends with the Clintons from Arkansas. And so when I was a kid, you know, I'd always sleep over Charlie's house. But one night, you know, you know, I was pre-checked, you know, I knew this was gonna happen. So Secret Service did their thing. I think I was a safe 14-year-old or whatever.


And so yeah, it was slumber ty. I was in the kitchen with Hillary. That was wild. So you referenced your high school and how you were surrounded by like a lot of famous people. What were you like in high school and what did the other kids think about you? Well, I try to say that I am exactly, you know, I've learned a lot of lessons, but I would say I'm the exact same person that I've always been. And I haven't changed. So, you know, I had just as many people that didn't like me back then. You know, I had, you know, enemies putting up, you know, dicks drawn on my face around town, you know? So I came in it like hot, you know? So I think because, you know, for my private school world, soccer was our big sport.


We didn't have a football team. So I was, for my world, really good at soccer. So I was on the older teams, so, got it. You know, when I was 15, all the seniors, I was rolling with them. So, you know, I, everything got fast forward. Like when I watch, I don't watch euphoria. When I see cliffs, I'm like, oh my God, this is the Disney channel compared to like LA and growing up, you know, now it's crazier 'cause you just die of fentanyl and whatever. So it's, it's definitely like darker now. So I, I pray for these kids, but it was amazing. I, everyone's always like, oh, why don't you like write like, people that know me, like you should write a memoir. I'm like, Like, no way. Like, Well you Wouldn't, well right now I just found all these tapes and I was like, maybe I just cut together.


Like, Heidi was calling it selling Spencer. It was. 'cause I really have just been trying to sell myself for all these years. Not my soul though. That's the one thing thing I've, I've stayed, that's why I'm not rich and famous is 'cause I didn't cross that tier of What would've crossing that tier looked like though. Because I think to the world, it looks like you sold It. Oh no, there's a whole nother satanism level there. You know, I didn't unlock you. Like, what would you do? I mean, I, what do they do? Right? These people that you just, they're not upfront with it. But there's a, I we're talking spiritual level, not like, oh, what you say on, on a show. Like these people are going, Okay. So it's interesting 'cause I feel like what you were saying about being in high school, like you were always kind of this like polarizing figure.


There are gonna be people that like me And then they're gonna people that don't like me and that's okay. But when you were younger, did you ever get in trouble for your temper? Well, in one soccer game, you know, backstory, so in high school, you know, we went to GNCs, you get protein powders, you get energy. So at the time there was this product called Rip Fuel. And I was like, that's every brand I wanna be ripped and fuel. So, and they had a strawberry flavor one. So I would be hitting rip fuel before games. You know, you just mix in your water. It's, it's legal, it's buy, it's like Gatorade for me, whatever, you know.


I'd never drink Gatorade though. It's not brought to you by Gatorade. I can't be promo and Gatorade. So yeah, I was all pumped up on Rip Fuel, you know, and it very competitive. And I was taking this very serious. And so this was the semi-finals and there was like a team little meeting the night before the game that this coach who no longer the coach for a reason, okay, shout out, fed the new coach. So the seniors didn't go to this team meeting that was unnecessary the night before a game. So the next day, biggest game of the senior year, semi-finals, he benches all eight of the best players. The seniors hands down, the best players, including myself, we're now losing at half, like two zero.


You know, I'm pacing the side of the thing. I'm like, this is like you, we get it. Like, and he wanted to make a point like, we don't need you. Like, he thought they were gonna do fine with like whatever. So finally at halftime we go back in, I go in, score two goals, tie it up. So pumped up, I score a third goal, now we're winning. He goes sub he tries to pull me out. I'm like, I don't know if I flicked him off or whatever. I'm like, you know, I must have been being like, what's up? Like, you know, I'm mean the crowd, this was back when people cared, you know, you know, like living, you know, this was our Friday night lights. Right? Right. It was probably on Friday too. And so, you know, I went to the sideline and you know, maybe got in the coach's face and my mom ran on the field.


My mom, you know, this was crazy what he did. So my mom backed me up, but I didn't hit anybody. I didn't, there was no, it was just yelling. He's yelling back screaming. So I get called in 'cause they're maybe gonna suspend me. And they're like, you were acting very pumped up. Like, were you on something? I'm like, yeah, rip fuel. And they're like, what's rip fuel? Can you bring this in to like the principal office? Tom Nolan, Bob Riddle just retired. Bye bye Bob. So I bring in the rip fuel and they read the back of it and it had ephedrine in it, which is now illegal. And they decided it was like speed. So I was just dosed up on, you know, rip fuel. See, so that got me not suspended or expelled or whatever. But other than that, like no, I was teacher, I, I was tight with all the teachers.


So you got to blame your behavior on Rip Fuel. I mean, it was, it was a stimulant. Totally. Was anyone else taking it with you? The whole team. Okay, great. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, I was more pumped up. So who was your first famous friend Like that? We kicked it with all the, like the first famous person we started kicking it with was Paris Hilton Peak. The most famous person on the planet. That was when I saw like firsthand real deal, new modern tabloid fame. 'cause I mean, I had grown up with, you know, a-list celebrity parents. And I saw that's more low key. And it hadn't, this was peak Paris coming in the game, tabloid cover energy, paparazzi.


And I'll always say, you know, I'm not close with her. I don't know her, you know, dah. But she was so consistently nice. Yeah. And like a, she didn't even need to like, I'm my like, entourage hanger on her like rando and still got treated with, you know, that's dope. So I'll always say, you know, shot. Good for you. That Paris Hilton era was the beginning of it all with paparazzi. Like, do you think that sparked something in you of like, damn, no, I wanna know that No was, I was telling people at age 16, bringing in us weekly covers, telling fools, get ready, I'm gonna be on the cover of US Weekly. And people were like, what is this? My mom always had tablets, so I grew up with tablets around the house and, but nobody appreciated them like I did.


Okay. So I was, but after three Paris, I was already coming hot. Like there was no doubt in my mind I You were gonna be on those tabloids. Okay. But in your head, Spencer, what were you thinking you were gonna be on the tabloids For? I had no idea, but I was like, I'm gonna be famous. These, these famous people have it so figured out. I mean, 'cause when you grow up seeing how famous people live, like you, you know, as a, just eyes on like the, the reservation that's world's over by the way. Like, people are like, oh, he is so thirsty. He still wants to be fame. It's like fame isn't even cool anymore now. And I would love to have it, but it's still not, you know, nineties to early two thousands when these people lived. I mean they were taking helicopters, landing on, just the rules have changed to the game.


So what I grew up thinking fame was, is so different. Like, I wouldn't grow up now being like, oh, all due respect to TikTok. I love being viral on TikTok, but I don't think I'd be like, oh my God, I want to be a viral TikTok or as like what I was chasing. If you had grown up in Ohio, like do you think because of where you grew up and what you were around is why you wanted to be famous? 'cause you got to see Oh, 100%. Yeah. Like I think in Ohio, one of these other states, I would've ended up in like Delta force and gone in the military or been a spy or something. Yeah, that was my brand. That's why I don't have tattoos. 'cause that was always like, well if I am gonna be Jason Bour, you can't have tattoos. So, you know, like I was like deep in logical. But the problem was I lived in the Palisades.


I was like, ah, I'd get killed or like go to Nobu, right? It's like I Wanna go to Nobu, not have to go And like fight crime. So in a different state, I, that's the energy I Have. Okay. Okay. I was looking this up and nowhere is this story. When and how did you meet Brody Jenner? Rewind to eighth grade. I, I won't say her last name, maybe she's anonymous. Heather was the it girl on the eighth grade soccer team. And I was on the soccer bus. 'cause they had other guys and girls on the same soccer bus. Brody played no sports. So eighth grade, Heather was the hot, super hot superstar girl.


And Brody was her boyfriend. And so I was like, this dude and Brody at this time thought he was, you know, it was pre Eminem I think. But Brody was like a, a large Eminem, like, no pun intended, you know, he was a bigger guy. He loved melt cheese. I later found out he just melt a cubit cheese and just like eat it with a spoon. So he was, he then got ripped and like changed. But this Brody was like a wrapper melted cheese. And I was like, how is this happening? So we had just beef in the sense, I was like, how is this your girlfriend? Like, we have soccer practice together. We have way more in common. So I don't know what I said, but we got in like the only little ching match in middle school so that we had beef.


Right? Right. But then years later, this girl that I was seeing, Casey, I won't say her last name 'cause I'm not trying to catch a case. She was dating me. And I, somebody tells me that's Brody's girlfriend. I'm like, she's not Brody's girlfriend. Like, so I bring it up to her and I'm like, do you have a boyfriend? And like, and she's like, well I didn't think we were like exclusive or care. I was like, oh no, I don't care. It's all good. But it's like, I reach out to Brody through mutual friends, I'm like, yo, you know, I know we're not cool or whatever, but we should meet at Donna Antonio's and talk. You know? 'cause I guess I had heard he like, love this girl. And I was like, and so we meet up and I'm like, your girlfriend is not your girlfriend.


He's like, and I'm like, I like, I didn't know. Like she told me. But I, when I found out, that's why I called you. And he's like, I'm gonna call Mike. No, no, no, no, no. You know, this is pre all these team movies. We should have made a team. And I was like, I think we play this out a little bit. So we started becoming best friends on like, making plans with her. And then the other person would can like, he'd cancel And then she'd call me and I'd be like, yeah, yeah. And then she may get those plans and like, we did this for a while to the point where like, you know, maybe we crossed the line or whatever, you know. But it was like, you know, you wanna play the game? We'll play the game. Yeah, let's play it. So we became best friends at, this is probably 18. How Did you get cast on the Hills?


So now we're going back to, I'm now in college. I don't know how I see something about the Osborne's making $25 million for the, and I had seen the show. I was like, oh, this, this is entertaining. They got dogs pooping. Ozzy yells like, da da da. And so I'm like, I'm gonna make a reality show. So I called Brody and I'm like, we gotta meet at PF Chang's. When PF Chang's had just this like PF Chang's was Mr. Chows at this point, there wasn't Mr. Chow. It was like, this was the hottest Chinese food spot you could go to. So we meet at PF Chang's. He brings Chucky, his like, consulary like advisor Chucky Toku. And so I'm like, I wanna make a reality show about you.


And he's like, oh, I don't know about that. And Chucky's like, you should do it to Brendan. Oh, this is my advisor. And I'm like, and he's like, here's the deal. If you come to my house tomorrow at 8:00 AM with the camera start filming, I'll do it. And he's calling my bluff. 'cause I'm a sleeper in at this time. Like, I'm not trying to be up all the way in Malibu, like Cross Creek. So I had a camera, 'cause I had just tried to shoot a documentary in Brazil about like the, like I tried to make my own taken, you know, like pre taken with like a kidnapping. And I shot this full film and I was like, can you Please release that? It's pretty hardcore. 'cause it was like, I use real people and like, like people that see it are like, this is so inappropriate and intense.


But like at that time, kidnapping was like the big thing. And I was already in Brazil and I, you know, I was like, I need to make a, so it looks, it's too real. Right. You know, like, it's like, so I'm like, like, whoa. Like it was like, oh, the we're in, we're tourists. And then we like the vans come and duct tape. Like it's crazy. You actually like, but it, like I could have, if I had like a good editor, I would've won a Sundance. Oh yeah. 'cause it was like, no, act like, right. I went to the Velas, gave people cash, all real guns from like, got real cops to like ch I mean it was so crazy. 'cause I wanna be a filmmaker, you know, like, like I didn't, you know, that was clout was like Michael Bay, like totally.


You know. So I was like, I'm making, that was your moment you're taking. So I edit this, I showed Brody, he's like, fucking bro, don't you dare show anybody this, like you won't go to jail. Oh my God. But I mean, everyone's in on it, you know, like, like the Right, right. Nothing bad is happening. You're Saying it looks a little, yeah. And Roddy sy people are gonna be a little concerned. This was your girlfriend at the time. Like it's like she wanted to be an actress. Like she was an actor. There's clearly evidence showing this was, you know, right. She was fine. Everyone was fine. Everyone was fine. And like, but It was a little too Real. It was as real as the kid. It was like, so, okay, so you don't, if I needed a kidnap showing in Brazil, like I have the full, you know how just so I had the camera, the good camera GL two Cannon.


And so I show up 8:00 AM I have this one tape, like I re-watched this the other day. I show up camera on him in his nose, just trolling him, like pushing it in. And he's like, oh. So I tell my parents I'm withdrawing from USC and I'm taking a leave of absence. They're like, what? I'm like, I'll make a reality show. They're like, oh my God. I'm like, don't worry, I can go back. I mean, at this point they're like, I'm glad he is back from Brazil. Yeah, no. So we, I start just filming everything in the house. But his stepdad is a super star mega. And in real life he's literally telling me, stop fucking filming me. Get the fuck outta my house.


And you know, at the time, Paris and, and Nicole, Nicole were on Fox. Yeah. So I was saying, this is Fox Dave, you know, I didn't appreciate who he was. Brody said that he makes elevator music. Like, that was my, this is David Foster. Like, so that's my percent. And I'm like, oh, Like you make elevator music. Yeah. Fuck Off. Yeah. Like that was the energy. Like Roddy's like says you make elevator music. So I had no like, oh it's David fuck. I'm like in his face, he's swearing at us, you know, he's like, get the fuck outta my house. And my head was like, we have a bigger man. That's the guy. We have a bigger mansion. There's more dogs here. They have like 10 dogs shitting everywhere. And he was a superstar. And then we have Brody's mom, Linda Thompson, who at one time Elvis was trying to marry, dated Elvis for five years.


Linda's incredible TV legend. So she's playing all into it and letting us like, let the boys do the boys, you know. So, and I'm living a life too. I'm never stopping filming. 'cause they got the chef. I'm going in the fridge. I got a plate that says Dave, I'm eating his food all day from the chef. And we edit right there, just like, you know, a few minutes on Sunday night I get a call from this guy and he's like, Spencer. I'm like, who's this? And he is like, it's Peter. I'm like, Peter who? And he's like, Peter Cherin, he's the chairman of NewsCorp that owns Fox. And he's like, you have a meeting tomorrow at 9:00 AM with Gail Berman. I'm like, like cool. Who's Gail Berman? He's like, Spencer, she's the president of Fox Television.


She knows the deal. Just go to the meet. I'm like, okay. And he hangs up. I'm like, okay. So I called David Foster to like talk shit. I'm like going to Fox Fame, isn, you know, talking all the smack. He, this is where he murked me out. 'cause he didn't have, like, now he's like, oh, this is real. So he didn't have faith in me like cl I don't think he knew what level I had. I'd already got it done. Yeah. So he calls his boy, 'cause David's Canadian, he calls his homie from Canada that like, they had tried to do some projects together in the past. And he's like, you gotta go to this meeting. So I pull up like out of a movie and I get to the fox lot right there on. Every time I drive by it now I still am like, God, what a memory that you just can't even make up.


And I pull up, I'm like, Spencer Pratt for Gail Berman. And they're like, oh, sorry, somebody already used your drive on. I'm like, what does that mean? They're like, you're gonna have to park on the street. I'm like, I'm like, wait, what? So now I'm like parking down Pico like running. And I'm in my like dumb purple shirt that, you know, that I thought was like a fancy shirt, you know, that I like, I didn't have like, I didn't like have designer clothes or whatever. So I like this stupid purple shirt on. Somehow later in that day, Peter Cherin sees me, he's there and he's like, don't you ever wear that dumbass shirt ever. I'm like, oh, okay. But so I go into the meeting and I get in the elevator and this guy in this full suit is smoking a cigar.


And we're going up in the elevator and he's big old guy. And he's like, you know, I'm like, who's this guy? And these other guys in suits. And so I, they're like walking with me And then we're all walking and I'm like, no, they're all going in the same place as me. So Gail offers us in that meeting $3.7 million. I'm like, yeah, deal, deal, deal, fucking deal. And they're like, no. Then we're like, we're gonna go see some, we're going to a, B, C, da da. And I'm like, who the fuck are they? Like, no deal. And so they jacked me and they like, if I hadn't called David, I would've had so much more creative control. But I was 20, right? And so then I find out like, you know, I get a lawyer and they're like, yeah, they're saying you're not the executive person.


I'm like, I'm like, that sounds like I sounds like I am that. And they're like, yeah, they're saying you're not. So I called Peach, I'm like, they're saying I'm not. And he's like, makes a call. And then now I'm executive producer. I was the youngest executive producer of a a network television show to this day in history. And they try to fight that. And so then they make the show. And at this point on my first day of filming a Fox show, keep in mind, this is when Fox was Peak Fox. We are getting launched with the reboot of Family Guy on Sunday nights before The Simpsons. Our sponsor is Coca-Cola, McDonald's that we're like getting ads and they're like, I am gonna be a millionaire. Like in a month I had my talkie that says Executive producer day one, I'm behind camera, they're filming.


And then everyone's like, Spencer, you need to go in and like do what you're doing. 'cause in it everyone's always talking shit to me, right? Like in the sizzle and everything. 'cause I'm like the, like the guy crutch the the bat. Like the guy that lives in the guest house, the energy, the Cato Kaylin vibe, right? Right. So I'm like, nah, I got my walkie talkie. Like you'll get to keep your walkie talkie. I'm like, okay. So I didn't realize I like, it was like the matrix pill. Like I, that was when I sabotaged my entire life of being taken seriously, crossing in front of that camera. I was like, oh yeah, I get my walkie talkie still. I got my title. But yeah, I didn't get, that was the end of like anyone ever being like respecting you in this business.


But, which Is crazy to hear too for you Spencer, because by you they clearly were like, wait, we're filming this shit and we're not getting the same thing that Spencer came with his DVD, because it was you, Brody was so comfortable with you being like, Spencer, get the fuck out of my face. And like David foster's like Spencer, like everyone knew you. So they were giving you that content. They're not gonna do it as easily in front of these like random like guys with cameras. So they needed you to get back in there. But that sucks that then your credit basically got taken as in terms of a producer. So I looked still this whole time not getting that Nobody else was gonna think this looked at myself as a on camera producer.


I was just filming doing the story bites, dah dah, dah, dah. So that night, Linda has a talk with us our first night of filming and she's like, I caught David cheating on me in the studio. And I'm, I'm like, well, so, oh, you know, like what are we doing here? Right? And so like we pretty much just like beg her to like, just pause this, you know? And she's like getting, I now appreciate it more. But at the time I like, I was so deep in like, this is our like, like who cares? Like let's roll like you, let's launch. Like, and so she gangster up and was like, I'll do, and I didn't really understand what you meant. Like I'll do the filming, but I didn't get, so then let's fast forward the night the show premieres.


She's like, I informed Fox that I'm filing for divorce tomorrow morning. And I'm like, what? What? No. You know, nowadays that ratings up. People love that dark thing. This is a family friendly Sunday hour. I get my third call from the chairman of news story like Spencer, what the f We bought a family friendly show for Sunday nights. I'm pulling the plug after next week's episode, it's done. So we get the one, you know, rated well for the summer. We get one more and I just lot and I spent all my money then my first check on my BMW then now I like didn't have money for gas, you know, figuratively speaking like of course because I was like, game on, you know, we're gonna be so rich. Damn, that's wild.


That like day one of filming. She like, oh, So that just set this Up, caught him cheating and you're like, wait, no, we need one this house to film it, everything this two, we need the family together. And then the rest of the season they just like, you try, she tried to fake it for you Guys. Yeah, she did. And she's a, she's a real good actor and damn, you know, damn. So I get that call, I'm like, oh my God, I have to go back to college. You know, like, so now I'm back in college. Brody Jenner had step siblings at the time. When do you remember meeting Kim Kardashian for the first time? And what was she like back then? So I just shout out Esquire magazine for profiling me and the big, I thought this was gonna be like positive, but since I said I should be Kim Kardashian, people like got all weirded out about that.


But it's, I feel that, you know, so I'm just gonna defend myself. So now we're at the first night of the Princes of Malibu, our Fox show. I didn't even know he had stepsisters. I wasn't even aware. Maybe I met them that night. Like totally irrelevant week later, you know, this has been denied. But Roddy's the witness and I don't know if he'll, maybe I'll say it, but it's true. We get a call from Chris Jenner who I don't know and he puts her on speaker and she's like, we should do what you're doing in Malibu with our family in the valley with your dad Brody. And, and he hangs up and I'm like the valley, you know, 'cause like when I grew up, like you did not, this isn't me saying this, this is what I grew up knowing.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. There was nobody filming anything in the valley except Pornos. You know, like that was what the, I had, you know, that's where they shot. Totally. Yeah. People used to shit on the valley. It was, Yeah. Now gimme one of those $80 million valley houses. I guess it's still, you need good ac I, you know, but so we laughed. Haha. And I've thought about it a million times. Was that the call that like sabotaged my whole life that I didn't take? But then I really thought about it a million times. They went to then to Ryan Seacrest, who had a first look deal with E They had to make a show per his contract. And they went to him and he had the power of not only E News Kiss FM was popping, he just got American Idol.


Like that's a solid, I don't think if Brody and I had gone with cameras shot the Kardashians. Yeah. It would've been what the Kardashians like, totally. Everything came perfect for what their magical portal happened. So I've thought about it a trillion times. But I've met her for real, for real. In the club. I remember Aria, you know, she was wearing like a VE ledger silver purplish dress, you know? And she, Kim looked like a superstar and was fame like she deserves day one jump. She was famous at this point, energetically. Yeah. She knew who she was gonna be. So she had that aura and like, you know, I was joking with Kim and you know, we were all having fun.


She was totally cool. But that, I remember meeting him and like her at the club and like, you know, then she later filmed on the hills and organized Heidi's closet and they didn't use the footage. And I once said this in an interview and her publicist was like, this is absolute lie, da da da. And then MTV pulled out the clip, thank one time they ever backed me with receipts and like showed unedited Kim. Like every now And then somebody tags me in a tweet of her like tweeting at me like, you be Heidi and Reggie need to go on a double date. And I'm like, how was I so popping in my head that I'm not like following through right? With this double date? I did follow through and Miley Cyrus tweeted us and we went and double dated with her.


And that, that's so I, I wasn't too insane, but if I had done everything different, yeah. And if I was like super, like for how thirsty I am, like what I should have done is been friends with everybody. That's what Kim is, was so good at. And I'm not that type person. Like I don't wanna go have fake lunches and fake drinks. And what if I had played the game like a pro? Yeah. I would've gone to drinks all the time with people that hated me and I hated them back. And we'd just all be fake. But it's like, that's the problem with being a real person. Yeah. Which is good for reality tv but like, not for networking and building these 'cause people will message me like, oh, we should do this and you can reach out to like your celebrity friend.


Like my what friends? Like I got my friends from preschool and they don't even want me to name drop that I know them. You know? So. No, I, I appreciate that. 'cause I think that a lot of people don't know about the Princess of Malibu. Like if you're on TikTok, sorry. But people may not know about it. And I think that it was interesting when you look back at your history that you started this like basically little reality show following Brody around and Kim is just like there in a scene and you're like, whoa. Like this was the beginning. And then I, I believe you that Chris called because it's like you guys were doing it before the Kardashians started it. No. And at the time Bruce not, wasnt Calin.


Yes. So at the time Bruce was filming for Princes. So Chris is, they didn't use any of the footage, but like he would come film, right? And he'd be on it. So he's going back home, be like, we're filming. And until like, this is crazy, dah dah, dah, dah. Right? And you know, at the same time the simple life's popping. So Kim's knowing about reality TV through through Paris. Paris And then Paris. That's when reality TV really started to pop off. Was like slowly like the simple life. And then obviously though the biggest I think was when the hills popped off. And that was when it was like, holy shit, this is reality tv. And 'cause that's how I got to the hills. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. This is gonna be a, this is gonna be two part Call Her Daddy podcast.


So trying to milk fish, shit. Come on, come on, come on. We're gonna merch. Get your merch. Call Her Daddy dot com. So, so wait, so yeah, okay, so go back to college. So I go back to college And then one day I'm back from class, whatever. And my mom's best friend Lucy, they're in there watching this show. And my mom's friend Lucy like, you should date this girl. She's so cute. I'm like, what is this? And they're, they're watching it. She's like, date this girl, she's so cute. And it's Heidi. And I'm like, what is this show? Like how is this even a show? This is season one. I'm like, this is the dumbest thing I've ever seen in my life. Right? And I'm like this on tv, like, yeah, it's so cute. And I see one of the names of the executive producers was a guy that Brody and I literally hired, like, we had a meeting we hired.


So I have his cell phone number, I call him, I'm like, mother Bunker, you have a new show and you didn't put Brody and I, and he is like, Spencer, no, it's a set cast of this girl from Laguna Beach. Like, it's not like that. I'm like, oh no, it's like that. We'll see you in the club. Like, I don't think so that's our show. You got like Hollywood, like, and this is when Brody was like running the clubs and like, so all due respect, no girl from Laguna Beach is doing a Hollywood show. I'm like, they have a Hollywood show and you're so, you're Not including us. Like, yeah, So we're out. It's club was called Privilege. Justin Timberlake was just popping with sexy. Can I, I think I remember just like hitting so hard in the, in the freaking club.


And so this is when I was very into dancing, you know, this was people dance back then people weren't too cool to dance. People wanna just stand around like it was like, yeah, dancing time. So I was dancing And then Kristen was at the bar with Heidi. And Heidi had just done season one. I didn't know what even that meant. Nobody Hills was not popping. So Heidi and I clear the dance floor, we're having a great time dancing, hit it off. We all drive back to Brody's house in Malibu. So she ends up spending the night we, you know, she says it's love at first sight. I guess now in retrospect it was. But you know, I had, you know, player ego, clout, fame, vibe. So I was like, And then she tell, you know, we're seeing each other, but she is seeing, you know, she's not exclusive either.


To me, when I met Heidi, she was writing a book, had chapters how to outplay the player. She had game galore. She was not this like innocent victim. Like, oh my god, Spencer's talking to those playmates. Like she was talking to old dude over here, an old dude here. Like she had two, like she had an A-list athlete and an a-list actor. She was dating when I was supposedly looking like the bad guy. So if they had showed real Heidi and not this like bootleg, you know, just making girls look like this, like, like that was where you got to see like, like a awesome girl that I would fall in love with who like show a girl a game that totally like you were attracted.


Yeah. Like this is why I liked her. She like, she was no victim. I wasn't playing her. It was like, yeah, battle. We were at like a master chess dating. And so that's Can you Tell us who she was dating? Yeah, she was dating Chase Crawford who was like the it like hot guy, you know, peak, you know, A gossip girl. Yeah, yeah. Like couldn't be cooler. So she wasn't like, oh poor Spencer. Like right. There was not that energy. I love hearing you say that though, because I always felt that vibe from Heidi, but they always cast her as this like damsel in distress. Like Jordan's being mad mean to me. And then you, she meets you and it's like Spencer's being mean to me. I'm like, that's not the vibe I get from Heidi.


So the problem with Heidi and I, we love making TV shows and doing what the producer's saying, here's the problem with the hills, all male producers, east coast, waspy, fricking dudes that they're now in charge of representing young women in Hollywood and they're putting their toxic male weird spin narrative spins that they, that's not facts. Right? And it's not real life. 'cause I don't even think any of these guys date, you know, like Right. They don't know. Maybe they saw it in a movie or Something. Like they can't fathom a woman like spitting game on a guy and like, change your number. Be like, fuck you. Way better show too. It's like real Heidi was, I always say this people to this day like, oh how are you still, it's like, 'cause you don't know real Heidi.


Like you guys are all Yeah. Like, it's like it's keeping You on your toes. Yeah. Like I'm, they're not showing me begging her to be boyfriend girlfriend. You know, like, she's like, I don't want that title. Like Right. You know, like She was more, yeah. So yeah, she a game. She was a gangster. Like, you know, So, so now knowing that's actually a really great story that it goes all the way back to your mom looking at the TV and being like, oh, you should date this girl. And then you guys actually meet and you immediately have a vibe. What was your first impression of Lauren Conrad when you met her?


What was your first impression of Lauren Conrad when you met her? Oh, so let's do a disclaimer here for, you know, lc stands because they're always like, oh my God, he still has to talk about lc. It's like, no, no, I was connected to a, a television franchise and this is a CoStar that is part of my fame. People I would love to have never talked to her for about all the rest of my life. But I am a great guest and I am honest and truthful. So there you go. Thank you. So that's for the comments section. So I, I mean, nice nice girl. Like I, we, we, it was all good to the point where I talked Brody in to breaking up and Nicole Richie two fake double date with lc.


So like, right. That's the level of how I felt about it. Like, let me help make your life better. Right? By bringing the best looking guy in Hollywood right now, who all the girls wanna date. I'll get him to break up with his celebrity, you know, superstar girlfriend. I will get him to come onto your show, pretend to be your, you know, interest. Yeah. To just, everyone wins, you know, so like, I was a, I'm a teammate. I come from being on a team sport. I didn't play tennis, I didn't play golf. Like the team wins. That's how I've always thought. So I was like, let's all win. We'll double gate. And I was already in the, you know, game from like working with the paparazzi for Princess of Malibu and setting up our shoots.


And so like, I was like, you know, our first double date I had us coming out of the grove, you know, all due respect to Elsie. She'd never been in a tabloid until I unlocked that for her and gave her the, you know, as a team mate, not, you know, I don't want credit. I I wanted us all to win. So I had our paparazzi, this is pre the entire world now. Does this, this was, this was vintage genius where you work with them instead of like hiding from them. 'cause this is when tabloids sold like albums. Like you could Drake, you know, one week, 3 million sales on us week. Like this was superpowers that I knew understood. And I just watched a season two episode. Lc knew because if you look at it on the couch, she has every tabloid in her lap.


That's what she's reading. So don't be mad at me girl. So we come out of our double date and I'm like, make sure you guys look to the left, you know, this is off camera. Just, I'm really trying to like get us all to hang out on friends. 'cause now Heidi and I are seeing each other, not boyfriend girlfriend. And she's like, what? And I'm like, it's our camera. And she's like, you called the paparazzi. I'm like, yeah, to get you in a mag. So that was, I was like, oh, you're not all there. You know, like, don't have a full deck running here as you're trying to be on your second television show. Like, it's not like I'm all for people who don't want to be famous, but like, you're on a second show. Like you spun off. Like I get like it fell into your lap in high school and it came to you and you auditioned, but now you've spun off.


You've, you are choosing the path of fame. So now I'm like, so she from the jump kind of was weirded out like, oh, Spencer's like, that's why she'll say things like, I don't trust him. It's like you didn't understand like, I was ahead of this game. Yeah. I already saw how this worked on a way bigger scale. 'cause I'm not from Laguna Beach, you know, like I'm from here and watching Paris watching how Nicole, like Nicole is an actual, you know, we ended up having a falling out or whatever. Miss I was misquoted. I think Holy can. But she's a genius. So like she's a fame genius. Yeah. So I studied under, you know, a, I'll call her a mentor in the, in the fame game. So I she just, the Nicole Richie, oh she's, she, she knows, she, she knows the game.


She, that's why Paris called her smartest friend to be her teammate. She didn't call Kim. Yeah. You know, like, hey, do you wanna, you know, but so back to like, you know, everything we were best friends. She's like, you wanna meet my dad? Da da. But eventually the Brody couldn't play pretend anymore. Yeah. I wasn't saying fake date lc. That wasn't the initiative. Like, I was like, this would be great. Like, Heidi's cool, they're roommates. Like I was hoping it worked out. It didn't work out from night one. You know, like Yeah. So once she was onto that, she wanted her amazing wing men, which I under wing woman totally get Heidi to not be with me. So her selfish motivations, she can put it on all these reasons of like, oh, I don't trust him.


Or look at she knew Heidi, like she knew Heidi's game that she knew about and we know her. These girls were not victims. Okay. Yeah. They had their own television show. They were in the right in the heart of Hollywood. They're going out every night getting tables. These aren't these like pilgrims that like, were like, oh, these poor little innocent. Right. You know, they knew what they're doing. Yeah. These girls are savvy. And I didn't get raised on being on television when I was 16, 17. Like, you're a veteran at this point. Like yeah, I understood the backside of like tabloids and media, but when it came to making a TV show and like murking out people and like yeah, you know what comments say this, like, this is a, is a black belt level.


Yeah. With regard to your relationship with Heidi, how did you guys separate reality from reality TV to keep your relationship healthy? Thank God the show was so fake that it was, you know, every time now, And then Heidi would get a little too drunk, like, like one time in Rie. Like she knew, I told her like, we're gonna call these playmates. I'm gonna bring these girls. And she knew and she's like, I'll meet there. And then drunk Heidi's like asshole and like, you know, like, right. And she really got all up in her feelings, you know, as you know. 'cause she's like, I don't even want the, you know, but Right. That's the problem when you even play reality, like there's times where you know, it affects you. It affects you in real life.


So thankfully it was so fake that all the fighting and everything was so like planned and rehearsed and scripted that it didn't. And then the other thing is we lived in my parents' house in the Palisades, like in my high school room. Like, so we leave Hollywood and just go have our simple, you know, life in the, you know, we weren't up in the scene. Like Got it. It looks so like we never lived in that apartment that we filmed in or that house we filmed in. Yeah. So I imagine it would've been harder if we were immersed in that world and these were our real friends and our real relationship. But You guys really took a turn to be like The most hated couple in the world. And Heidi got all the surgery.


Did you ever try to convince Heidi not to get surgery? No. One thing I never tried to do, ever with Heidi, and what people don't understand is like, Heidi's the boss. Like, I work for Heidi to this day. Like that's this whole like, you know, like that's people who really know the inner workings of our relationship. Like, like, excuse me, my French, like I'm the pussy whip. Like, you know, like, it's not like, oh Heidi, I think you should do this. Like Heidi came from a little town in Crested Butte with dreams of being a star. Like she, yeah, like, so no, I never told Heidi what to do 'cause I've just, I I was totally, I was just filming her. She was like, put the camera on me cameraman.


Like, you know, if you watch the footage, like I'm just her cameraman. I said to her yesterday, I'm like, I'm literally your cameraman. So yeah. Also let's rewind the surgery 'cause it's in tears. First time she even got the idea of getting surgery was US Weekly approached her and was like, Hey, we have this top plastic surgeon. It wasn't even in her head, you know, that wants to do, you know, we'll give you a nose job and implants and Heidi's like, and they're like, this would cost 50,000 whatever. And Heidi's a hustler and she's like, 50,000 for free and this US weekly's coming to me, right? I'm not gonna say his name. Ken came to her and so, you know, fuck you Ken. Yeah. You know, and she had grown up getting made fun of about her nose her whole life.


You looked, this was early day common section. Every single comment. I'm always like, don't read that. It's just saying she has a Jay Leno chin. And so she's now in her head of all these things, this early, you know, comment section so that she has this meeting with this top, you know, rest in peace. Dr. Frank Brown, he's dead, but she has a meeting with him and he, she's showing, he's showing her all the A-list superstars. All the things he's done. But you know, sign top secret, they're not telling anyone. Yeah. It's just, she's realizing this is the game. So she does the nose, job boobs. It's not the end of the world. People don't, you know, people, she didn't have to tell the truth. Also. Like, yeah, this time, I'm not gonna say other big pop people were literally without a doubt, God knows jobs.


Got it. Like that was standard operating procedure. But Id is just an honest, like, I'm gonna tell people, yeah, this is what I did. Which, you know, I'm like, I don't care. Whatever. Like keep in mind I've already dated ID for so long in love, already felt like this isn't like, oh, this is what you need to do now for us to be like, we're already battling the world. Like this isn't gonna change our relationships. I'm like, I don't win-win. Like, I don't care either way. Whatever do what you wanna do to your body. I'm scared of, I couldn't even, I can't even get shot. Like, so this is way past my world of like knives and, you know, so all good. The follow up, the one that people all freaked out on, I'll never forget, I even have it on video as she's going in.


'cause she, when she was doing her Miss Universe, she got elbowed by one of the backup dancers and they hit her nose. And so she like, like, it's like dead end. They're gonna like pop it out, whatever. So she goes to have like that done that morning. He's like, Hmm, while you're under, we, you know, we could just little, and I hear the word minor so many times. It's like, it's so early in the morning when you drop these people off for surgery. It's like, I'm not even thinking I hear minor. Sorry. Just like, I don't, I hear she already got lip injections that seemed minor, like, oh, minor. And you hear the word injectable and this, it's everything's minor. And he just had this blue pen and he's just like, I'm like, there's a lot of blue. Neither of us are thinking like, oh my God. He's like, this is minor is the word we heard a million times cut to like The most traumatic.


So no, it was not like a, a positive time. That's also just so crazy to hear you talk about it too, because of like how manipulative and really scary, like when you're young, you don't understand. And these doctors should do a better job of explaining like the fact that they said minor to you and you're like, it was in the morning. Also, the fact that you're like, it was the day of and they're like, we can just do this. Like, we'll scoop out your back, we'll pin back your ears. We'll cut, Cut your chin. And he's chin the price of each thing. And like back to Heidi who's like a banker, he's like, this is 25 thou, I mean, it was like a quarter million dollars when he like, he's like, and all cross all this was like out of like a movie where he like, you're like shopping for clothes and they add it all up and he's like, boom, void.


$0. So it's like in her head and this business like, it's Like a business deal. They're Like, oh my God, he's giving, It's like a bargain. He's giving me a quarter million to like make, and this is what all, I'm not gonna name stars, but this is what all they do. But they spread it out. Like everything she did is like standard a-list. Totally. I'm not naming the women, but, but it's obvious. Yeah, this is standard A-list women. But once a year, you know, you don't knock it all out. Right. You don't drop it off at the body shop. What do you miss about being one of The most famous couples in the world at the time? Oh, just the money. Like, yeah, like I would, if you asked me to never be famous or just be rich, I would've, I thought being famous was the easy way to get rich.


Like if I put the amount of energy as I put into being famous as just like doing like a normal rich person job, like a banker, like I would be rich. So yeah. Like how the e like getting just paid by Coca-Cola to hold a co killer. Like he was $10,000. Like, like what? Yeah. You know, so like that level of like, And then people are like, why do you wanna be famous? Like, because that, it's so hard, but it's so easy when you're like in the, when you're getting the checks. Like at one time we were making a million dollars year selling our paparazzi photos, like going and looking cheesy, you know, like dressing up in dumb little like Easter bunny. Like it.


So that part is hands down, You know? That makes sense. So people hated you more than people who murdered people. Oh yeah. You were more hated than OJ Simpson at one point and Casey Anthony. Yep. How did that make you feel at the time? Well, at the time it was a victory because David Foster had put me into the game by, he knew Simon Cal. I didn't watch American Idol. And he was like, Spence, once the Fox started going, he's like, you need to be the young Simon Cal. I was like, who? Like, and he's like the, like the hated guy, the villain, the like, you know, I was like, gotcha. Like sound sounds easy. Coach put me in. So I, there was no social media.


I was so naive to think. And I thought everybody knew Hollywood was just lights, camera, action, fake as could be. I didn't understand Middle America. This was Bible, you know, like this was, you know, the Holy Spirit over here. And I'm over here just trying to get ratings, bonuses. Like if we ever got to 5 million, I got a million dollar check just that day. So no matter what I'm reading, I'm over here like chasing a million dollar one. Like, and we're like at 4.24, I'm like, oh, what could I do to get to that million dollars to do what I'm already doing that night? So my mindset at that point, at one time I had like hate Spencer Pratt dot com where like you could go and like comment like, I hate, like, I thought it was so fun and like ridiculous until, you know, I started driving around and like everyone was just flicking me off out windows.


It was like, oh my God, like who's watching this show? Like, chill. Like I thought this was like a fun like party show. Like why are you guys, isn't the news on like, aren't we in Iraq? Like, isn't there a war? Like, I just never understood 'cause I came from like play pretend Right. With the princes and everything. And I just thought, you know, so No, And you understood what you were doing. And then when people did it and they thought it was real, you were like, wait guys. Yeah. And I Simon Kel. Yeah, no, no. And like Brody will say to anybody that's like, Spencer planned every single, like he's a witness to like the pre Yeah, like the meditation, the blueprint.


Like I executed it too. Well, you know, and here's how they got me and this is how the predatory producer, you know, and me being naive and Heidi just hit me with this. And I was like, oh my god, I'm so triggered by that quote. They were always saying, we're gonna re, this is your redemption arc we're gonna redeem. So I'm always chasing like, you do this And then we're gonna, so I'm like, I like this, but it's like, I should have been like, watch Batman. I'm like, there's no way the joker is getting redeemed. Like part three. You know, like, like I just, I just like, oh yeah, that sounds great, you know, redeem me. Yeah. What season four. Like, woo. So like I never, I fell for that just con which, oh you know, that's a problem when you're 23 and you do think you're smarter than everybody.


Which I obviously was not that I just got, you know, I thought I was in with everybody and I'm working with this producer that I already made the show with, but it's like, oh no, they were sailing me off the waterfall like Niagara and you know, I didn't care because they're also blood money paying, you know? Right. We're the highest paid people on television at this time. So I'm, I'm going, I had a million dollar suit collection, not, didn't even wear suits. And then I gave 'em all to my friend who was a real estate agent. Shout out Mikey P. And you know, so like, like, 'cause I was like, what do you do with all money buy suits? Like it was a Richie. Save it. Save it. No. Oh, now no buy gold. That's what I would say. That's the one thing I did that was smart.


At one time I bought like all this gold. So I carried a backpack around with like half a million in gold coins. Just like, 'cause you can't spend gold, you know, like it takes, right. So It would keep you in line. What about a business manager? We had 'em problem with business managers. Let me tell you. They take your money. Not only do they take, they take 5% of all the money you spend 'cause they have to like do the math for it. Got it. Oh. So be careful with a business manager. 'cause they love you spending money. That's their favorite. So Gold Was your friend, you're like, I can't spend This. Yeah. I should have bought more of it. Right, Right, right. Okay. Spencer, you created the concept. I am now convinced. I look back and I'm like, there was simple life. There was like newlywed with Jessica Simpson and Nicholas. She like early, early days.


But you created the reality show villain. Oh, I'll take that 1000%. Right? My military like, yes. Yes. Gimme my one credit. Yes. How I'm gonna add that to my Wikipedia, The originator of the reality Star. Yeah. No, and it was fun until you realize like there's no getting out. So as I look back, there were frankenbiting is, which I learned later is where they're just taking audio and putting it there and putting you at an event. You're not at saying you did this. Like, I was just watching this episode where Lauren comes in like that. Heidi stood her up and there's a note from Heidi, anyone that knows Heidi, her handwriting looks like Egyptian hieroglyphs.


Like she doesn't know what she's writing. I don't know if she can even write like, right. And so this cute little note like, sorry Laura LC, like I can't hang out. Like went to the movies of censor love you like perfect calligraphy. Like Right. Heidi never wrote that note. They never told her she was standing up el It's like these simple things like mur you out and Lauren's playing her along. She knows Heidi didn't write that note. And coming in like Heidi, Heidi knowing like you were just in your apartment, they just micd you up. Like do like, good for you. Like it's all fake. Like freaking Blake Lively over there.


So let me explain to you what I'm thinking. I've sat down with reality people now and sitting down with you who was like the originator of the villain. I want to expose how easily the edit process is that reality TV uses to make something look like a conversation happened. And it really was a complete different conversation that happened. Do you know what I mean? So who is someone that you really dislike, like someone that pisses you off and can get you like riled up? You can be Adam Dilla. Okay, I'm Adam Dillo. Okay. And I am going to, we're about, we're in a fight.


We are in a fight right now. I'm Adam, you're Spencer. And I'm talking so much shit to you. This is what's gonna happen is the point is, is I'm gonna be, it's like I'm a producer being like, you're pissed at Adam. What would you say to Adam? And it's like, fuck you. And then you walk out of the interview. What I'm gonna do is, at the beginning of this episode, it's gonna be a cold open it. I'm gonna dub in a different question of me being like, Spencer, you're irrelevant. How do you feel? And you're gonna be looking at me when really everyone right now will see what that original thing was. I'm talking about Adam Dillo. But we're gonna cut it and make it look like you were shitting on me. And you walk out of the color daddy interview. Oh my gosh. You ready? It's so scary. Well gimme a few minutes. Okay, so this is To tell you how I'm envisioning it.


I'm Gonna, no, I see the vision, but I'm just like trying to think about what I would actually say that could come off believable. Like, fuck you. You're a fucking predatory person. Ooh, that's pretty good. Oh my God. That's better than anything we had. That's way stronger than a fuck you. Do you have a notes app of what you wanna say to Adam to vow? Yeah, I do. Fucking shit. You need to drink some of your Okay. Your flat Champagne. We need, we we're gonna need to get, we can do it twice. All right. Like, we just wanna get the best. And again, what is happening right here is gonna go in the episode. Just so you know, you're not getting fucked over.


Like, we're gonna show This pro, you know, as long as this goes on Spotify. Yeah. I don't care what you show. Power of edit, baby. Oh, I liked that first line. You said Yes, but it it, it's not dramatic enough. Right? Because I mean, you are a predatory person. I can't even take it seriously. Okay, Here we go. I think it would be dramatic if you get up and walk out, I'm gonna definitely, okay. I'm Just, I Okay. You're practicing. You're practicing. Oh yeah.


Fuck you. Fuck this interview. Stupid podcast. Fuck this shit's over a year. What the fuck That was low key Spencer, but low key Spencer. Dude, that was good. That was good. It has to be more low key others. I agree. I agree. No, I think that was pretty good. 'cause you said, fuck you, fuck this. I'm gonna do one more and I'm gonna keep all this in of like, guys, this is a, this is, I'm like poking him. I'm Adam Develo. I'm like, You are. So that's the thing, you wouldn't even, that's what's so crazy about reality tv. Adam Deville wouldn't be here. They send these, fuck they call like for the hills. It was called the, she was called the Collector.


That's how shady this shit is to collect the fucking, And and she would just get shit out of you. No, she would come and like she fake jerked off and busted a nut on my face to pump like to like, and it worked. And I like went nuts. Okay, so let's like channel that annoyance. Who let me call Heidi. Who do I dislike? Hey. Hi honey. Who do I Heidi, who do I really dislike that I could channel just like lots of anger for a fake scene here. I feel like I don't talk to enough people to hate anybody anymore. High School who hate your car. Oh.


Oh, thank you honey. I knew you would know. Love You honey. Bye Love. Love you guys. I'm so excited To be included. Thank you much. You're welcome. Here, I'll put you on the mic. There you go. You're good. You good? Love you. Shout out. Shout Out proud daddy.com. Pr daddy.com. Love you. Extreme superficial. Your car. Oh, lots of people did, but one. One. I have to see. Pretend I'm him. Oh, you're a fucking loser. Oh Yeah. This is the biggest fucking waste of time. I can't even believe Spotify gave you a fucking show. I bet this doesn't even last another fucking year.


Why don't you just delete this whole fucking episode? Good luck with your little imaginary boyfriend you never show on fucking IG story. Fuck you Alex. Fucking Cooper. Fucking Fuck. Great. Spencer. Spencer, Meryl Streep. No, that was good. What I've learned is like the more exaggerated, the faker looks fake now because now everyone is so exaggerated on all these shows. Right? So you gotta like, Well in post edit. And that's the beauty again I'll share with everyone watching is like, we'll look back and see which one looks more real. Maybe the first one looks more real. 'cause it was less try hard. I may Even, you know, the Holy Spirit, I may give you a third just out of nowhere.


So you know, third, you know, you have to do these 12 times. That's like that video I sent you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I rewatched it like this supposedly where I'm bullying Heidi into like moving in with me to like, I would never move into Curson Avenue. Like I'm not bullying anyone to like live across from fucking Boa or Boca. What's it? I don't even, yeah, yeah. Like a liquor store. Like so No, right. I was not. But this big scene, this was when it was a wrap for me, right? Was when I, she was like, I don't think I wanna move in with you. Like doing her Meryl Streep level. And I'm like, then get my answer. Get outta my car. We did that at at least 12 times. They're, I remember that scene. They're like floor the car more and we're, they're shooting the exhaust pipes.


She gets in the car right after we go to Donna. Antonio's like that's just a night. But like boom. And here's how I'm even crazier. The song that they like put to it, like apologize. Yeah. I gave them the one Republic song. It was like, this would be so good because Heidi was like in talks to do a song with Ryan Tedder and he like played me that. I'm like, I'll get this on the hill. So then I even gave them the murder song As we're kind of, We're not wrapping up. We're not Oh my God, we're No, no, no we're not. You're like, I don't even have a car. You're not leaving. Thank you for playing along. That was a great promo. Is there a specific manufactured storyline you regret saying yes to? Yeah, the sex tape. I didn't think people like Big deal. I thought it was like clout too.


Like right. Kim just made so much off of hers. It wasn't a negative. She, there were not, no tape even ended up coming out. So like I thought that that's why I played along called a fake producer that wasn't on the phone with lc. It was me pretending to apologize to something I didn't do to a producer. Right. Like yeah. I'll To your knowledge, did Adam Dillo ever abuse his power when producing the show? And in what ways? You know, here's what's so funny. Like I was ready to go ol in on Adam, but I'm a mercenary. If they call me right now to be on selling Sunset and I hate him more than anyone on Earth, I'd be like, what's my fee? You know, like, so you can't even ask somebody who's like a mercenary about people because like I should have known his last name is Devil with an O.


Like that's not a coincidence. And think, here's the other thing that I now have the benefit of perspective with. Yeah. Like we've now been on two seasons of Celebrity Big Brother where you're locked up, you know, 50 plus days of producer. We did, I'm a celebrity, get Me Outta Here. Marriage bootcamp, wife swap, famous food, like the list of shows of dealing with producers. Not to mention all these pilots who shoot and like there's nobody like that guy. So here's the problem with people like Adam and how they'll always win. They're male and he brings in his enablers and they're all like guarded. You know, I'm not saying this is like they will always win because there's then me the mercenary.


'cause I know how this is a demonic demon. And I was like, put me on Netflix. So right. All these people around Christine, they're not gonna back her because they don't wanna rock the ship. They don't wanna Right. You know, they don't want selling sunset to end. So that's how Me Too and this, these people are enabled because the people around them are like, ain't happening to me like you. 'cause I'm one of his like, I'm sure the way he treated Whitney and lc and I, God knows how they'd probably love him because when things did come out in Heidi's story, whatever, guess who's the first one to be like, he's the best guy ever. Maybe to you. But that's not Yeah, the truth. Like that's your ver like you can't defend, you know?


So. Totally. And I think it's fucked up because like you're saying, these men in these position of power insulate themselves with all these other men that are going to make him like almost impenetrable to any type of, any type of getting in trouble. And however, what you're saying also is because you're the mercenary, it's fucked up. Like we saw Christine Quinn was one of the first people, which she's fortunate. She's got a lot of fucking money. She's got her own money and she's got her husband that has a fuck ton of money. And so when you're in a position where you need this person that's in a position of power and fucked up, but you need to make a living, you need money, you're kind of at the hands of their power. And so I hear what you're saying.


You're like, I would take the Netflix show 'cause that's what your career is. But you're not saying he's a good guy. I wanna, 'cause I, I've never talked about this to my listeners. So when Heidi was on Call Her Daddy last year, she brought up an incident where the producer from the Hills was physical with her. After filming that episode, the MTV rep, that rep Heidi called my team and said, you need to take that outta the episode or you can't air it. I don't even know if Heidi knows this. She Definitely does not. Okay. Shout out Julia and Jay and who else I love you guys. Right? I don't even know. So we get This call. Yes. That's just so shady because it's like they protect the net.


Like I love MTV. Right? But it's like, that's Adam. She didn't say MTV, you can't pro, like that's the, So my team gets this call and Daddy Gang listening, like you can go back and that interview I, they said you have to take that part out or you can't air the episode. I thought it was coming from Heidi. And I'm like, who am I to put someone's like abuse story out there if they don't want it out? So I took it outta the episode. Fast forward few weeks ago, Christine Quinn sits down with me and she talks about how Adam Dillo is the new producer who is the original producer of The Hills. And she mentions Heidi's name in the interview saying we both had really bad experiences with these producers.


Immediately I message Heidi, I go right to Heidi 'cause I'm like, I don't wanna put your name in the episode if you're not comfortable with it. I know Christine doesn't wanna speak for you. I want to make sure you're good with it. And Heidi was like, absolutely put it in there. It's the truth. To which I then realized, oh my God, last year I fully got played. I was like last year that was not Heidi. Not wanting to put that in. But now that you're done with The Hills, can you explain what the fuck happened with that whole situation? Again, I wasn't there. I was never allowed to be. That's why, that's why these predator type people like that, people that want the smoke, they won't have like, he won't, I never interacted with Adam ever once.


He knew my level, you know, like you don't play like I don't play. Right. So I never got to interact with Adam 'cause it would've been on. Damn. So I was banned from the shoot, the photo shoot that this happened. So what I did was send, shout out Kevin Carlson, her bodyguard to go in my place. 'cause I, you know, I'm like, I'm not, I'm not allowed to go to her photo shoot. So, yeah, that's weird. Again, you would need Heidi here. But from my, what I recall is she had one of those loose fitting, you know, I guess there was also a comment about her new boobs, you know, like, you know, 'cause she just had, nobody had seen the whatever. And she had one of those backs that like, or open back where it's like, pretty much like in the right angle.


It's like butt cheek, you know, like of a dress. And I guess he like put his hand like ash cheek grab and the security to the point where he like chopped her his hand off and was like, checked him. You know, shout out Kevin Gangster. But he was there, this happened. So we had a witness. We, like, he was, you know, It makes me really sad for Heidi that it took years. Like everyone is believing Christine Quinn right now. Oh, I literally, when this came out, I all, again, I didn't watch something sunset. 'cause I hate this person so much. I don't care how good the show is Adam. Right. But when I saw, so I was like, this is an angel from heaven just came out And then she's in this outfit. I'm like, she is out of the, this is the matrix.


This is literally Trinity coming to like, and it took what, 12 years? Like you can go back on Google. And she was like, this is not appropriate. Like you can't, like she felt to the point where she called me and I was like, what the fuck? So I called and I left some psycho message, you know, like I'm, I hope he still has it. I hope he too, you know? But here's how weird life is. And so when I went back to college to finally graduate in 2013, I'm in a Staples on Olympic and I go, 'cause I drink lots of water and fluids. I go to go pee in the staples. And you know, I'm not a like a, I like to go in the stalls to pee. I feel more protected, you know? So I open the stall door, guess whose face I look at?


Adam, Adam Dillo. I haven't seen this person since 2000, maybe the first night of Hills filming. I've never even seen him since then. Opening. And he looks like I'm there to murder him, you know? 'cause this is like some random staples in the men's room, in the stall. He's coming out and he's like, and it took me, I didn't like process. Like who, like why is this freaking out? So Outta Context? Yeah. Like what? Like what's happening? I just wanna pee. Like you're blocking the urinal here. Like toilet get outta the way. And he's like, Spencer, what are you doing here? I'm like, Adam, like what are you doing? He's like, I'm going to the bathroom. I'm like, I'm like, I'm going like, why are you in Staples? I'm like buying books for college. Why are you here? And he's like, because I worked down the street and this is the better bathroom.


I'm like, huh. Like so, you know, to this day I think he doesn't believe I was buying Staples. And it was like, I can touch you if I want. I can get you anywhere. Type he murder you. Like, like just know anytime you're going to the bathroom, I could open the stall door and be there. Like, that's how I think God wanted me to have that last like Right, I'm coming. Don't ever feel too cozy on that toilet. 'cause that door could open and it could be me. So censor press, you know, like, it was a weird moment, but it's like I didn't have, it had been three years I was back in college. I didn't, I had been, I'm now back in the game trying to be famous again. Yeah. So like, I'm mad again. But then I didn't like really care.


But he couldn't accept that. Like, and I was so chill. And I was like, oh, what are you up to? Like, and he was like, what are you? And then Heidi comes, he's like, why are you here? And she's like, I'm like, it was just such a good, He probably, he couldn't, he did not believe it could have been a coincident. Yeah. No way. He like, he, You are here to kill me. Stalking me. Trillion percent. Here's the weirdest part. So years before this, just to show you how demonic this project with the Hills was. Yeah. We go out for a pitch with one of these evil producers. 'cause again, we're mercenaries and he is like, Hey, I want to pitch you to Lifetime. We're like, okay. Like his right hand guy. So we go this pitch and we're sitting there and he's like, it's amazing. We can all tell him this lifetime executive that we can all sit here. I mean, at one time we were trying to steal Heidi's soul.


And like Heidi just starts hysterically crying in real life because she's like so triggered by like knowing that. Like she felt that and it's like the, the pitch went so side was like stealing her soul. Like What? Wait, Adam Dillo said That? No, his right hand. Oh his right hand man. His his team man Literally said at one point we were trying to steal Heidi's soul. Now look where We are. Yeah. Like, and we can all be together and like pitch. This is so Funny. And Heidi's like, that's why I felt that way. Yeah. Like, for so many years, you fucking psychos. Okay. What is the wildest thing you've done to make a headline? Tell us. Oh, I mean, any headline you ever saw. I was behind. And, and so it's like, I actually thanks to my mom, she's like, I have a, the biggest thing you've ever seen in your life of every cover, tabloid everything I've ever been in.


And the other day I pulled it out just to like, 'cause I was gonna do tiktoks on 'em was like everyone was The most craziest stories. I'm like, made that up. Made that up, made that up One time we made our entire house look like it. We were squatters. Not squatters. Like, like what are those people that like fill up a house with stuff? Oh, hoarders. Hoarders. We filled it up with hoarders and like, you know, like just made it like piled up and like got a InTouch magazine cover. Like Heidi and Spencer are in squalor, InTouch cover. I think we got 20 5K. Shout out Dan Wakeford. What The fuck? Yeah. Like, so I mean like, that's like a petty one. But like everything you could everyth think of, we once did a deal for like a half a million just for four covers of us weekly.


There's no, we didn't know what the covers were. It's like, let's make stuff up. You know? So that's, I'd have to go through. But like that's good. The weirdest thing that I didn't have to do with that, I saw a headline recently that Heidi called me. Ha ha. The, the article said Heidi called me like chicken legs or something and Spencer was gonna get calf implants. I was like calf implants. Like even if I had, I do have, I don't have a big calf, but like, I wouldn't, I hate needles, but like, that's the level calf. And I was like, so I have so many of 'em that is, that's behind them all. You know what? That's really cool that you have those like mementos. Oh, I wanna frame them all. And Heidi's like, there's, they're not going on the wall. I'm like, this is art honey.


This is art. We'll Put them next to our portraits and our homes of ourselves. We do have every cover frame I want. I think you guys should do that. But I want, like, I want spreads frame. Like six pages is everyone. These are, that's a lot of BS that we had to make up. I love that Little cap. So I should be creative writing because Yeah, he's like, you'd be on and you just be, you know, I, I should know. Yeah. I don't think people give you enough credit. I I always complain about that. That's one of my, I'm chasing credit. You Know, I'm gonna give it to you right now. Like you went to USC, the whole backstory. I'm happy you told us of the princes of Malibu. Like knowing you went to Brazil, you were shooting. I'll let you watch that. I wanna Watch. You can watch you. I'll let You And then I'll tell you what I think.


No, I know. You're gonna be like, you could win an Oscar. It's the, it's insane. Like it's the work of art. Like, Okay. Spencer, what are you insecure about? Not getting credit. Mm. You know, I, for like, for my level of like energy I've put into success. Mm. You know, I don't, I don't, I don't get treated with any credibility. Mm. You know, so that's an insecurity. Yeah. In the sense that like I've worked since 2004 nonstop on reality tv, fame, isn, you know, and people are just like, oh I hate a guy from the hills.


Like that took work full like so like guy was working, you're like, that's a job. So, you know, that's definitely an insecurity. Yeah. And you know, thankfully being a dad created my new focus on just being like the best dad. So it's like, it's less selfish. So no matter what, like I've now transitioned like, I'm kind of like a rap, you know, like whatever happens with my career and like titles like now I've already moved on to like, let me build the best superstar child and great human. So like that has been a great energy shift. What I, I wish it's a hard balance 'cause I learned so many lessons but like should I have had a kid sooner or did I need to go through everything to be ready to be a parent?


So, but insecurities. Yeah. I know. I think that's a great answer. Do you think being a dad has changed you a lot? It made me now thirsty again. 'cause I'm like, you know, like let's get success And I've like, people are like, why are you still trying to be famous? Like that is where I'm at. Like I'm not going to go be a banker now. Yeah. I can't go be Camilla and be a lawyer. Like even though Kim's being a lawyer, like I don't have that times for the baby bar. So like I am gonna be a television star again. Gonna get a show if I'm gonna produce. Like that's why I'm now back in the game like, I think producing for you. Oh no, it's ha it's going down like Yeah, it's the, the, the slate is strong.


So that's the only reason why like, like why do you want this again? It's like, 'cause now it's time. Like I had already, I was living in Santa Barbara at my parents' beach house. I was done but now 'cause I could live like that with just Heidi and eat tacos and be chill. But I wanna give my son and future family members, you know. 'cause Heidi doesn't wanna stop at one. So it's like I want to build, you know, solid. You know. 'cause I grew up with an amazing life. Yeah. It's too late to be a dentist Spencer Pratt.


I just wanna look to the camera and thank the Daddy Gang. Oh my God. For all the Daddy Gang promo code daddy and you get 20% off PRT daddy crystals. You know I usually go to 15 but since it's Daddy Gang and I'm Pratt Daddy. That is funny. I was Pratt daddy before you were, you know daddy, you kind of hijacked the Daddy Gang. But I was like, I think I, and I used to literally claim as Snapchat of here as Pratt Daddy. I'd be like gang gang, we out here gang gang. I was like they never saw that. I know you didn't. I know you're too young. You can't hijack something you didn't know existed.


Do You know what I mean? No, energetically energetic. Just kidding. Honestly, thank you so much for coming on. I'm not ending. I'm gonna, you're Leaving. I'm leaving in ten's. Gonna keep talking. This is the real way to show it. Thank you so much. Gotta go. Goodbye. So clout. Spotify. Spotify live after room. I'm gonna like be live after her show and doing my own live room. Goodbye Spencer. Oh man. Thank you so much for calling on Call Her Daddy. I really do appreciate it all. We'll just cut. I'm not gonna stand up. Dude, you were great. That was great.