
What is up. Daddy Gang. it is your founding father. Alex. Cooper. With. Call. Her. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Finally Lee. We did it. We did it. We're here. How's your mic feeling? What do you mean? I, I can, can hear myself. Well, you, but you like, is it close enough? Oh, I mean I, it's fine. Listen, normally I do it with headphones, So you're, it's a little mind fucky. So yeah. So I don't feel like I'm doing a real podcast right Now. Should be doing headphones. No, I look so much better like this. I think you Look great. I used to do headphones and I was like, it's giving like more ogre vibe 'cause it's just like so, well I'm like just calling you an ogre because you wear headphones in your podcast. But do you know what I'm saying?


No, it does, but I feel like I can't Well I'm not leading this podcast. You are. I can't lead properly if I can hear other things. Oh, okay. Like do you have A-D-H-D-I? You're like, no. I mean I used to be addicted to Adderall, but I think I was just abusing it. I don't think I Actually like needed like no doctor. It prescribed me Adderall. I did it myself. I did it. Yeah, that's fair. I just realized I didn't even introduce you. Stassi Schroeder. welcome to Call Her. Daddy Thank. you. I'm so excited. No, like I know everyone says that, but I'm ridiculously excited and this Room is so chic. I'm just so obsessed with the color of this the way it just, it's so Good. These used to be Orange and I got them in here and I was like, this needs to immediately change.


Like you don't feel Call Her Daddy vibes from this. What is that noise? A fucking plane. Do you mean mean? Sorry, sorry. No, because there has been something happening with our air conditioner recently that it sounds Oh, it's like, and then it, I, I don't focus. Okay. That's probably, I should be wearing headphones. How did you pick your outfit today? We were just talking about This. Okay. Wait, no, I have to tell you this. Okay. Because I haven't stressed out this much about a fucking outfit. I can't even tell you. It was harder to pick an outfit for this right now than it is to like go on tour, go on a red carpet, fancy outfits because let me explain. Okay. I wanna match your vibe. Okay. You know I'm not here to like act like I'm going to some fancy gala, but you could, while you're wearing sweatpants in a T-shirt.


But Alex, not everyone looks as cute. No. As you do in sweatpants as a T-shirt. And when you're pregnant and you feel like you look like a beast, it's extra hard. So like, it would've been easier for me to just like, really like find a nice dress or outfit that's chic and nice and cool. Like maybe like, you know, a little bit businessy, I don't know, whatever. But this, these are literally, I think this is like $10 from h and m. I think this is, It's good. No, I'm not kidding you. These Are maternity leggings. You walked in and I said, I literally didn't notice you were pregnant for a second. Like, I have questions about you being pregnant, but I forgot Thank you and I'm not just gassing you up. Like I'd be like, you look pregnant, like Pregnant women everywhere. Need to hear that. Mm. You know what, if you see a pregnant woman on the street, just be like, you didn't even look pregnant.


Like you didn't even, it took me a while to realize that's what we wanna hear. It's true. And. like the outfit is great. 'cause you were worried like, am I sitting like, can you, you see my belly? Yeah. First of all, like let it rock, but also it because you're wearing all black, you can't really see it. That's what I'm here for. And the chairs are like, also, who gives the fuck? You're pregnant. That's amazing. I know, but I'm not one of those two. I wish I was one of those women like Brianna that like, you know, wears, has her belly out and I'm like, God, she looks so good. There's so many women that look so great like that. I've never felt that way. I feel best when I'm in bags. Okay. You know. Well this bag is looking phenomenal today. Thank, you


This episode is brought to you by Botox cosmetic on Aum toxin a. Did you know Botox cosmetic has been FDA approved for over 20 years. But here's the cherry on top. Botox cosmetic has an official loyalty program called Alle that is spelled A LLE. It's totally free to join and it's accepted at over 24,000 practices across the country. With alle, you can earn points for Botox cosmetic treatments and get access to exclusive offers. There's even one going on right now to see if you're eligible for the offer and savings on your next Botox cosmetic treatment. You can visit botox cosmetic.com/c HD. Talk to your specialist to see if Botox cosmetic is right for you. For prescribing information and box warning, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0 intended for us audiences only.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. One for students. I don't know what I spend more money on Uber Eats or Uber rides. I guess I would say I spend more on Uber Eats now. Uber rides more when I was in college. Daddy, Gang, whichever one you personally use more. An Uber one subscription could save you a lot of money. With Uber one, you get $0 delivery fees and up to 10% off Uber Eats orders. And you'll save on Uber rides too. Like earning 6% Uber cash back on all your rides. Plus you'll get free items daily and even more discounts from your favorite brands. Join now and get four weeks free Uber one for students. Save on Uber and Uber Eats. Sign up on Uber or Uber Eats app eligibility and member terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Joy Bubble Tea. If you thought bubble tea was just a trend, think again. In fact, now you can have it in the comfort of your own home. I have seen it all over my TikTok page. Ooh, bubble tea. Ooh, ooh, ooh. I'm like, okay, what is this? I need to try it. All of my friends are now drinking it. Joy Ba bubble Tea comes in several delicious fruity flavored tea combinations with popping boba like strawberry lemonade, green tea and mango. Passion fruit, green tea. Enjoy your popping boba moment anytime, anywhere with Joy. B bubble tea. Follow joya on Instagram and tiktok@joya.fun for fun giveaways. And to find a retailer near you.


So your pregnant, how are you feeling? Honestly, I feel really good because this pregnancy isn't during it. It, it feels like it's my first pregnancy because my first one was during Covid, so I wasn't allowed to leave my house. Got it. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I'm able to live my life this time around. I'm able to work, I'm able to travel, I'm able to go to restaurants. You know, You probably didn't have anyone being like super sweet too And like holding the door. No, I never got that experience. I never got, you know, and that is like a rite of passage as a pregnant woman to be treated like a fucking queen. Wow, you didn't get that? No. Now I'm getting it. So I'm just like feeding off of that energy, you know? Okay. I do love that for you because I do, I agree with you.


Pregnancy and covid obviously probably had pros of like, you don't have to leave the house, you can just, Yeah. So when you did look like a beast, it didn't matter. No one was there, but I'm sure your husband still loved you so much. He says he did. Oh, Like we're not divorced yet. So How does he handle your pregnancy? Like what is he like when you're pregnant? I mean he really is Great. Okay. Like he, I, I really did luck out with that, but he can't, like he says that, he's like, I give you compliments all the time. I tell you how beautiful you are. I wanna have sex with you all the time. I'm always coming after you. and I'm like, it doesn't matter. I need to hear those things from other women. No, I need to hear, I look beautiful from other women. I need the compliments from other women. He tries so hard. Right. And you're like, You matter To make me feel good about myself.


And of course I want my husband to desire me and want me and think I'm beautiful and all of those things. But there's just something about a compliment from another woman. Yeah. That really is what like feeds my soul. That's what keeps me going. No, I get what you're saying. It's like there's a difference between like men objectifying us where like we get it And. like obviously some men also like love when women are pregnant too. You're like, no Bo's like that. Oh, so Bo is like, I lo I wish I could I mean I'm, yeah. You talk about sex a lot. Oh please. Yeah. I know Don't waste I know brain fog. This is Good Morning America. Sorry. Sorry. Brain fog. No, it's okay. No, he's like, I wanna like I love your pregnant body. It's so sexy. I love when you change in front of me. I love all this and I just feel gross.


So I'm just like, no I mean thank God. Because imagine if I, like he was somebody who No, Who didn't like a pregnant body, which That is actually something I've thought about. I've heard women say like he really just like wasn't into the pregnancy thing. And in my mind I'm like, I don't know if I could be with a partner. Yeah. That doesn't at least fucking fake it. But I guess you could probably tell if they fake it, you totally would be like Matt, like my partner. I don't even, I'm not pregnant and I pray to God I can get pregnant But. like if I get pregnant, all he talks about is like, oh my God Like I don dunno how I'm gonna control myself. And I'm like, what? What? Like, Yes. But, but, but see at least you have that. So like, it doesn't matter what, what side effects like pregnancy side effects are. Like he will still be so into you, but totally at the same time it's a burden because I don't feel sexual whatsoever at all.


That's Like, I was gonna ask you like how do you handle, like I think women are great online that talk about their pregnancy, but there's a little too much glamorization from what I've heard from some moms of like, it's not all fucking great and sometimes you feel like shit about yourselves and sometimes it's like not the sexiest that you're feeling. And so like can you talk about the real shit of like, how are you feeling with your sex life? Oh my God, no, my sex, I literally have zero sex drive. But I will say that I am a champion and I take one for the team in my household. and I don't let it go like a week and a half. Like I will if I've, if it's like a week and you know, three days I'm like, I should probably do this. Like I'm being selfish right now.


Poor. No, but I think that's so relatable and I feel like people don't like to talk about that of like, sometimes you gotta just, and it's different if you're like cooking up with a random guy and you're like, I guess I have to sleep with him. No, no, no. This is your husband, it's your relationship. Sometimes you're like, I'm aware I have no sex drive. Yes. I still love you and I'm attracted You. and I want him to feel good about himself and it does bond us. It's like once we do it, I'm like, oh, I'm so glad I did this. I should do this more. That The worst with sex. You're like, if sometimes you're two in your head or you have no sex drive that month or whatever it is, you're like, I literally can't even get myself there. I know I love him But like I'm not there. And then afterwards you're like, we should do that more. And they're like, fuck You. I know. Fuck you. I literally ask you all the time. I know sometimes it just takes like going through the act.


Yes. 100% yes. Okay. Do you have like an alter ego when you're pregnant? This is how I think of myself. Okay. I, when I'm pregnant, I feel like I am, I'm Santa. I'm not joking. I just feel like this round jolly Like what is your act, your ego. So he's like, so I'm Santa through and through like don't get like For real. Like I look in the mirror and I'm like, everything's round and I'm just jolly and I'm just, you know, I'm so excited about the baby that that like, and I'm sober so like you don't, I don't get depressed that easily when I'm pregnant. Right, right. You're not like having the up and down of like getting hammered one night waking up, regretting your life, backing up.


You are like the queen of OCDs Thank you like I, I remember literally like back in the day, like everyone would start hashtagging it, but you really like owned it. You're like, this is my motherfucking outfit of the day. I bought a national holiday. It's what a waste of money. Yeah. Honestly, that's so cringe. You Actually bought It. You have to buy it. You don't just get to like own holidays for free Alex. Like how much did it cost? Is this gonna be embarrassing? It's so embarrassing. I think it was like $40,000. No, it, it was, no, it's so embarrassing. And you guys I would not do it again. Okay. I would never just throw away that money to have a holiday. But at the time I was like, oh this is good branding. I was just in like business mode. My book was coming out. I'm like, I think that this is good branding.


So it's like I'm putting money into my career. That's how I felt. But no, I'm mean, Hold on. What exactly that feels like when people buy like a fucking star in the sky? Can't we all just point it? That ones fine. Honestly, the same fucking thing. Like what day is it? It's this, it's June 30th. Okay. And it's not like on all of our calendars, like Apple didn't upload. Like so how do we even know you own it? Like what was the point of buying it? I couldn't tell you something. Okay. That like you own it for a year and I didn't know that. And so the next year came around and they were like, all right, you gotta pay for it again. Or like the due, I think it was just the same amount of money. I'm like, you're outta your fucking mind. This is a lifetime commitment that you think I'm gonna spend this every year.


So now technically I think on the list, if you were to like search the list, my name isn't even up there anymore. But everyone on Instagrams, it's already been hashtagged and and all of that. But do you really think You had to Buy it? They thought I would like, honestly Alex, I like four. I'm embarrassed. I'm so embarrassed. I'm so embarrassed. No, I think it's, it Actually, I don't care if people come for me because like I deserve to be come for. I agree. But I think it also gives though a little bit of credit to like, you really were committed And. like you are to the OTG. I also just can't believe it was $40,000 for a year. Yeah. No. A year. Maybe Not the best business decision. No, but I respect it. You loved it.


You know who I respect the people who came up with this business. I I would say the people who are just, who are like, you know what, I'm gonna own a national social media calendar. How does one get the authority? And Were you just like little miss like Googling like how do I get my own day And? like, I think I asked like my agents or my publicist and I was like, how do I find my own holiday? And they were like, I want One. Okay, well this does go give you credibility. Why? I don't know. I just feel like you, that gives you some type of credibility, like in the fashion world. Like you're giving, like you're, you're dedicated, first Of all the fashion world. They don't say OOTD. No, you're right. You are like, I just literally ostracized myself from the fashion World.


Right. You're like never getting invited to anything fashion. 100%. But you like fashion I. Love It. Yeah. Okay. What clothing staple did you use to wear that you would not be caught dead in now? Like what's something that you were like, oh I fucking love this shit now You're like, huh. Statement necklaces. I rode so hard for statement ne I Remember that. But you know what, they will come back again. Not in the way that I wore them before, but I mean like, they weighed me down. Like they were, it was like they were battle like to wear into battle. Like the plates of armor. Like it was, it's insane. If you look back on like vander's interviews, I'm like, who? How huge did I think that that like your whole chest that it was, that was the outfit.


But It will come back. That's what like, I I was gonna ask you like what's a trend that you're like so not into, but I don't really care about trends 'cause I'm like it always comes back. Yeah. It's not an actual trend. It's like this is fashion and it's just what's in what's not sure But like it's gonna come back. It Does it it always comes back. Yeah. And you know, now I'm to the point, God I love Gen Z. I really do. I really appreciate them because they have this like anything goes mentality about fashion and clothing that I just really fucking love. Yeah. Because I feel like while they do follow trends, they don't, at the same time it's kind of like, just express yourself and wear what you feel comfortable in and what you like. And, and I've found what I, what looks I like.


I agree. And whether they're dated or not, I kind of don't care. And Gen Z gave me permission. So You know what? I agree with that. 'cause I feel like back in the day when I was growing up, if you didn't have like the double popped Abercrombie Polo with like the Oh yeah. And, like the denim skirt and the leggings and the, you're like, you're a loser. Who Were you? Who were you? You were nobody. Exactly. You were a loser. You weren't in the in-row. And so like, I remember begging my mom like, I know this is so expensive. But. like this is literally for my social equity. Like I'm not gonna be respected on dress down days if I can't wear this 100%. No one actually cares that much anymore. No one Cares. You can get away with so much And. like what a glorious time to live in. You're right. And everyone loves to dupe. Like, everyone's like down for like, if it's real.


Actually people are like, that's like nasty. Yeah. Why are, Are you spending money? Yeah. Like why are you buying national holidays? Like that's that. That's giving the same energy. Wait, can I just say this? Yes. Yeah. Okay. So when you were in Milan, you were there for Prada, right? Yes. Yes. I was just talking to my hair and makeup person about this. I was like, Alex and Prada is such a good stop like mix and vibe and relationship. You are such a good Prada girly. So like, I hope that that like keeps going. That keeps going and just like builds into just like something bigger. Because that was like so I would not have thought that neither until I saw your phone enough Either. Me either Sassy I would Well, because I just see you just being casual and everything. Right? But then I saw you in your looks and I'm like, yes, I really appreciate that.


Because I will say I was nervous because I too never envisioned like what fashion house would I like jive with The most. Yeah. And when I found the Prada moment, it felt so me and I actually felt so comfortable and confident. Which like I never fucking going into these type of events feel confident. 'cause I'm like, I'm a poer. Like I don't wear this shit all the time. Yeah. But now Prada, I've started to like buy my own shit from Prada and be like, I actually feel like if I'm dressing up, Prada feels right For me. No, it does it appreciate that. So I appreciate it. Really fit well. I loved it. This Is like a really random fact that I learned on selling Sunset and I. Don't know if it's true for everyone. So I need to ask you this. Okay. On selling Sunset, there was a woman that's pregnant and it was her first time being pregnant.


Right. And she was asking advice from other moms. And the other mom was like, oh, by the way, girl, like yeah, you can't shave your V after like a certain amount of time. No, I can't see I'm, I go rogue. No, literally like this morning I just, I guess you Just guess I literally feel around and I'm like, hmm, hmm. Okay. So you, Okay, that's good to know. So like, you actually can't see it. But then that woman was like, so I just didn't touch it. I don't, I think it'd be way too itchy for me. And then she was like, or have your man do it. Oh no I wouldn't. I I don't trust any. No. I don't trust him with a razor. That just does not sound enjoyable. No, you can't see at a certain point you can't. You just have to feel for it. Yeah. I can't grow it out.


It's way too itchy. Right. 'cause that's what I was thinking. Like at least if you're, if you can't see your vagina over the belly, you're at least gonna go rogue But. like you'll just, you're not getting it completely balded. You're just getting it down to a place where you're comfortable that you're not Itchy. I mean I try to get it, but I try to do as well. I try And you're just like, you can't See shit. I can't see you. Shit. I mean we've done it for so long that like, it's like That's true. It's like muscle memory. No, that's true. I do have a lot of women that still write in that are like, can you like give us a tour tutorial on like how to shave? And I'm like, girls like Let's, Let's not wait. It's like really easy. Like this show, you can come here for a lot of things But like I feel like you can like look it up somewhere And like we don't need to go that into Okay. And if like you're pregnant doing it like someone with that's not pregnant and you can see that shit.


Like, just take your Time. No excuse. Yeah. Okay. You have written two New York Times bestsellers. Congratulations. Thank. you see little brainiac over there. It is. It is really exciting. When I hear it, when I hear other people say it, I'm like, cut. Like, you know, we all suffer from imposter syndrome. I feel like all of us. Yeah, we all do. 'cause it's like, well, you know, I wouldn't have that if I wasn't on the show and blah blah blah, blah. and I wouldn't have that if this didn't happen. But like, you know. No, that's really fucking cool. Yeah. It's, No, it is really cool. and I think it's also amazing that you've done two now? Well, I'm working on my third right now. Yeah. We How long does it take you to write a book? A long time. I would, I worked on the proposal six months.


Six months I worked. And, and it wasn't like that for my second book. And, like my first book actually came a lot quicker to me. Yep. Also this third one, it's, it's harder. 'cause like I'm, I'm really trying to be the way that I write, it's like I have to be specific about like with one thesis. Yep. Like, and then everything spiders from that and I'm just like struggling. I was struggling a little bit with what that was. So it took me a really long time just to do the proposal. Yeah. Well I was gonna say like, I think there's so many people in Hollywood that have like that one book and they're like, peace out. I just wanted to say, I wrote a book clearly. You like really like doing this. Oh no, I love It. And that's why I started, like for the first one, I was like, I want it to be a handbook.


So that if I wanted to keep going, the theme could change. So it's always still like a basic bitch handbook to something. It's just depending on what's going on in my life. It's such a good idea. And so I wanna play a game. Okay. So the whole like basic bitch handbook. Clearly. First question is, can you help us all decipher what is the difference? Or is there a difference between Chuy and basic? Okay. Well per personally. Okay. What I think personally, I think Chuy is kind of cringe. It's like, you know, like cringe clothing or cringe, you know, things that, I don't know, there's a cringe element to Chuy. I personally think that anything that's basic, it's just like leaning in so hard to something that you really love and doing that unapologetically.


It's like if you really love rom-coms or if you really love murder docs and just like leaning in and it's like, oh God, you're so basic But. like, but it makes me happy. It brings me joy. It's like leaning into the things that like really bring you joy and not giving a fuck. Yeah. If it's like what's cool Basic to me kind of is a timeless situation where like basic also means that a lot of people though are doing it and it's just something that kind of is timeless. Yeah. And it's po and there's a reason those things are popular. Yeah. Like, because they feel good. Yeah. Or they make you happy. Or Like don don't know. They fucking spark joy. So like, I am Santa, I love being basic Santa over you You like it, you can't say it.


Alex


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. You know, something has to be good when everyone is talking about it. I feel like I've had this so many times in my life when there is a good news show and I'm like, no, no, no, it doesn't look that good. And all my friends are like, Alex, you have to try it. And then I watched it, I'm like, oh my God, you were right. We all know how that feels. And something else that's getting tons of attention right now is ZipRecruiter. People are loving it. Like the marketing manager of Next Key. They said the number one reason they love ZipRecruiter is because it's so fast and easy. And the CEO of Walls need Love said they found a lead graphic designer within just a few days. So if you're hiring, ZipRecruiter should be at the top of your list and right now you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/daddy ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology identifies top talent for your roles quickly and immediately after you post your job, it starts showing you qualified people for it. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. See why ZipRecruiter is the hiring site employers prefer most based on G two. Try it for free at this exclusive web address ziprecruiter.com/daddy. ZipRecruiter. The smartest way to hire


This episode is brought to you by O Pill. The first over the counter daily birth control pill available in the USI want to introduce O Pill. O Pill is a daily birth control pill that's FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus there is no prescriptions needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription of birth control are over. This is our moment to take control of our health and our reproductive journey. This is huge for women. O Pill is available online and at most major retailers. Use Code Daddy for 25% off your first month of O pill@opill.com.


Okay. We're playing a game. You're gonna tell me if it's basic or not. Okay. And also you can just gimme your thoughts on the topic in itself. Okay. Number one, Aperol Spritz. Are You, that's The most basic. No, it's my favorite drink in the whole world. I crave it every day. That's the worst part of pregnancy. The worst part is that I can't have multiple Aperol Spritzes all day every day, dude. Okay. I I make bow make them. So I'm like, I'm gonna have three sips and I literally swish it around my mouth for as long as I can Spit it out. No, I swallow it. It's like my baby can handle a few sips of an aral spritz But. like, I literally swish it and hold it in there and I'm like, oh, that felt good.


That feels good. That Feels good. So I love them so much. and I think people consider them basic, but I think they're great. So that's great. Okay. Gosh. Get ready with me Videos. oh, My God. So I didn't know what this was and I'm a big TikTok fan. Okay. Okay. Okay. And all of a sudden I just kept seeing G-R-W-M-M everywhere. And I was like grown woman. I literally was like, what the fuck is everybody writing Grown woman? Like what is this stuff? Because not all get ready with me. Videos look the same. They weren't all makeup. Some of them are like picking outfits. So Like there was no theme right away. And most of the time it's a woman doing it. Yes. So like, I thought Grown Woman was the vibe. And. like, it took me like a few months to realize I feel like that it was get ready with me.


And this is the thing. I tried one, I I put one out like three weeks ago and how to do and I feel like the kids loved it. Really. Although I will say everyone was commenting being like, wow, 2016, no. And I'm like, Oh, wait, I was trying to do a thing, you know, I was really trying to do a get ready with me and everyone's like, this is so nostalgic, you do your makeup. Like it's 2016. But I'm like, that's 'cause it works for me. Right. Who cares? At Least you're not trying to like, pretend you're in a generation, you're not. Yeah. Like let me, you know, putting the like foundation, like letting it drop on your face And. like, I, I can't, I can't get, I can't fuck with that.


Like it kills me every get ready with me that I see that people are just dropping the liquid on their face. Right. Like it's so, it's so not appealing. Wait, How do you do it? I don't do it. Like, are you telling me you drop it on your No, no, no. I don't, I don't. I'm just interested like how do you do it? Okay. Well I take my foundation and I have a tin and I, I pour some out and then I use In your hand? No, on a tin. Oh, tin. And then I use a brush or a sponge. And like a normal fucking person and then do the damn thing. Do you think they're onto something that we don't know though? No, I don't either. I Think they're bored and I think that they're just coming up with new ways to do makeup when like what works already is there. So like, I don't get it. The fact that you thought that it was Grown Woman, grown woman And I know.


Listen, Alex, I also got a lot of comments from people being like, I thought the same thing. So there are lots of millennial women out there who are thinking that it is grown women. I get it. I gr RWM grown woman. How Would anyone just automatically know? Get ready with me? Well, What what about gr makes you think grown? Good point. I I like it. I think it's funnier. I think we should start leaning in and be like, grown woman video coming right at you. Okay. Tom. Tom? Basic, not basic. You know what I'm gonna say? But I I I think it's basic But like I, again, I love things that are basic But. like you can't get any more basic than like the, the representation of Vanner pump rules in bar form.


True, true. Do You go there? I don't really, because I'm asking for attention if I go there. Do you know what I mean? Like I really love it and I'll go there if it's someone's birthday. So I'm going for someone's Yeah. You know what I mean? But if I go there, everyone's gonna take photos and, and I'm like, no, I'm not You don. I get it. I get it. Ozempic. Oh my God. We feel like I really wanna try It when I give birth. You're like, I wanna go on it now, but I am pregnant so I'm gonna wait. No. The Amount of times I've researched this being like, I mean I think it's safe and healthy. Like I think it's good for you. It's like taking vitamins, Stassy.


I, how do we put a disclaimer and be like nothing that was said in this podcast medically, please do not listen to this. But Like, come on you. It's basic. Ev anyone who hears about ozempic has to fucking be curious. You are a liar if you tell me that you have not thought about it. Thought about jumping on the train. I I mean not, you don't need it. I don't mean you. No, No. But like, like you should think about it. Alex. No, I get what you're saying. I think it's, this is what I've started to realize and maybe it's just like with age. Like I remember one of my things on here was bone broth and I was thinking about the, all the debate with Gwyneth when everyone was like, you are like promoting bad eating that like, for people that's not realistic and whatever. And I'm like, why does everyone care? No. Like I She didn't say to only eat bone broth for you.


She was just being honest. Would you rather lie? She's just Telling her story. She's literally just ex she's trying to be transparent, which is what everybody is asking of people. Please be honest and transparent. So then you can't get mad about what you hear. Right. When someone is being transparent or honest. So have I googled ozempic and what it would be like? And am I thinking about it? Yes I am. Because you were just talking about bone broth. My first pregnancy, I ate bone broth for dinner for six fucking months after I gave birth. and I kind of don't feel like doing that again. I Love that for you. I'm like, I don't wanna, I want a quickie. I wanna ozempic. Yes. I'm an ozempic girl, not a bone broth girl anymore. We love that. I love the honesty. 'cause that's what I, I got annoyed where I was like, I think people are really getting too triggered.


Like Gwyneth wasn't like, everyone should do this. She was asked what she eats in a day. Yes. And instead of being like a cheeseburger for dinner and a she just told you, you don't have to do it. Yeah. You don't have to do it. I'm like, would you want her to lie to you? And then you're gonna wonder like, wait, why don't I look like this when I'm eating a cheeseburger for dinner? And like you, you agree. Wanna agree? I wanna know that it's a struggle for Gwyneth. Agree. I agree. I wanna know. It's a Struggle. Me too. and I also love. It's like people need to realize, I know the whole world influencer is really taken over But. like look inward if you're being really heavily influenced by every single influencer on the internet. Yeah. Let's, Lets Totally, let's just do a little check. Yes. Just a little Check in. But like, you know, Just be responsible for yourself.


Be responsible for yourself. Okay. So Ozempic Ozempic. Okay. So she's gonna go on Ozempic, you're gonna tell us how it goes. You'll go on it. Someone else doesn't have to. Exactly. Okay. And then you're gonna be feel how you wanna feel and they can feel how they wanna feel while they're on the elliptical. You're gonna Be able to look at me now. Do You Think, do you think you'll be promoting it? That like you're on it or you won't talk about It? I would like to, to think that I would be somebody that promotes it and talks about it. Because again, I really do, I love when other people are transparent and honest. So I wanna be that for other people. But like, God, people are really hard on, people Are Really hard on, on that, on things like that.


And it's like, do I feel like going through all of the hate that I'm gonna get? Well, unfortunately, if I'm Honest about It, unfortunately you're on call Daddy right now saying you're gonna do it. You know what'll be the worst if, if you actually don't go on Ozempic and you're like, and in the gym and they're like, that bitch is on Ozempic. You're like, no guys, I'm actually, I totally probably Just fucked myself. Right. No matter what. They're all either, either like it's not working or it's working and you could have been doing it like organically. Yeah. Okay. Well keep us updated. What do you think about manifesting? I'm so basic because You manifest. I manifest the shit out of life. I think I've naturally been manifesting my whole life and just like not know when we were growing up, manifesting wasn't a word. Right. Right, right. That we like really Yeah.


The way that we use it now. Totally. But I think that I've always just been that way and I really, I really do fucking ride so hard for manifesting because I feel like what works with manifesting is like you just envision that the things that you want are gonna happen. Right. And then you slowly start working towards those things, whether you realize it or not. True And like that is manifesting. It's like quite simple. That's true. Okay, give us an example. What's something like big you manifested And. like Boom. It Happened my whole entire life. I wanted to live in a Spanish style home in the hills. Okay. Okay. and I, when it got to the point where I was looking at at houses, like, it just so seamlessly happened and I realized that like, wow, I had been like planning for this and working towards this and I'd always just said it.


Right? And then I was like, I should have manifested bigger. I should have been like a $10 million house Spanish style house in the Hollywood Hills. Like, why didn't I manifest a yard attached to that house? Like, fuck, I get what you're saying. But like, okay, so you had this vision and now it's come true. Yeah. So because you then I like, I saved the money in order. Like I started like, or I would accept this job and put that money away to like start right being like, this is gonna happen for me, so I need to prepare for it right when it does. So Kind of like back in the days, they would just say like a dream you have. Yeah. But Now, Now we have like a better word that's like a little bit more like proactive, Basic as fuck. Basic As fuck.


Okay. Are you watching reality TV shows? Well, I've just recently started watching Banner pop rules. Dude, were you not watching it? No, I wasn't. And then you had to catch Up and then once scan well happened I was like, I gotta catch up. I got, I didn't catch up But. like I will. I've, I've seen like the last three episodes. So like I've, I've been like, I should probably, I'm interested. I wanna See that whole drama. I can't imagine how annoying it was for you because like how many people wanted to hear your take on it. No, you, you have no idea. And in fact, like it's interesting that you say that, that you can see that, that you can see that that would maybe be annoying, right? Like when it happened. Like it's like one of those things I, I joke about this that like, you know, it's like when there's like a natural disaster or a world event And, like you never forget where you were that day.


And. like you could be at work or at school and then like, you stop what you're doing And like you, you get with your coworkers and you find the nearest fucking TV and then you're later you're like, I'll never forget who I was with and what we were doing. That's how I feel about fucking scan of all. Like truly, I can't imagine. Like, what was your take? Well, at first I was just like, I, I don't think that this is real, but then I'm like, this is, I'm start texting the people that I I know obviously. And I was like, like I mean, just like, I think everyone's the same as everyone's reaction. Like holy fuck. Yeah. And then I I was like, I feel like I'm thrown right back into something that I've been away from Yeah. For so long. But it's, it's like, is it my place to be a part of it or is it not my place?


I don't know. And then I have all of these people just DMing me I mean I've never been dmd more about anything than I was about like, I'm gonna, or commenting and, and attaching or tagging me in it being like, I'm gonna need Stassy to weigh in. I'm gonna need Stassy to weigh in. and I'm like, but I don't know if it's my place anymore. and I've been out of this for so long that like, I think it would be kind of fucking weird. I get it if I'm like going on my Instagram and being like, this is my take on. Yeah. And like, it, it was all it was. It's been kind of like a mind fuck. Which is weird to say 'cause it's not even happening to me. I kind of agree. and I, that's what, when I, when I had Ariana on I was like, it was actually so weird because the amount of people that were like, fuck, like, we kind of wanted you to have Raquel on and I was like, this is why I also hate the internet so much because whenever I have villains on the show, everyone's like canceled.


When I don't have them on, then they're pissed. But when I have them on, they're, they're pissed, whatever. Yeah. But did you ever like Tom Sandoval? No. I mean no. And he never liked me. Yeah. And that's the thing, you know, I will say this not being on this last season, it's like my, my talents were wasted because I could have, you know, this was when I could have really just like given to him and being like, I've always knew. Right. Right. And there's gotta be something that everyone is seeing in him But. like he, I feel like has always been a slim ball. Well that's interesting that you say that just because I felt like he was always so beloved. And so, and I would, even I would say to my producers, I'm like, when is he gonna get the edit that like, I, I feel like the rest of us see like, why does he keep like getting away with being just this dude who just wants to like, give people things and help people out.


Man, And like all of that. I'm like, that's not what I'm seeing. I'm seeing somebody who's constantly po like blaming others for things and dredging things up from the past. And, like, and just deflecting constantly. Yeah. Like if like the rest of us look bad, then he looks good and Right. And I've always felt that way. And so yeah. The fact, So you knew The fact that I'm not on it this season, it's like, fuck. You Know? Yeah. Do you miss reality tv? I miss reality TV at at times. Like, I loved filming. I love, like that was, it was like all my twenties. Yeah. Were spent doing that. And you know, I love the comradery of it and I loved all my producers and the team And like cat. Like it's fun. Right. It's really fun.


But you know, there's something about like being out of it for so long and, and I watched that like, the success of a show is like directly tied to how badly the cast hurts each other. Yeah. And that like feels weird. I agree. It's like, I think that's something that we're struggling with now is like watching it because there is social media. I I feel like people are having a harder time like actually choosing a villain because it's also weird of like, but then that person's life is actually ruined on social media and people are getting canceled and people are getting death threats where like back in the day you kind of like the never saw the people and it was like, whoa, that was a great show.


Yeah. Where now it's like a little bit like, oh, people have to be really calculated to fuck shit up And. like how, how far are people going to ruin each other's lives? And is it honest? Is it real? Like don don't know. Yeah. It just, it's weird. It's dark. Like when you really think about it, it's fucking dark. Right. Like I feel like there's a, I think you have a good life now outside of it and it's almost better to be nostalgic for it than be still in it And like, look what's happening right now. No, I I think so too because I, I think, you know, obviously I get asked all the time, like, would you go back to reality tv? Would you go back to Vander Pump Rules? All that stuff. And I'm Like don, don't I, you know, there might come a time when I'm like, oh, this makes sense, this type of reality tv this makes sense for me.


Yes. Or, or whatever. And this is a reflection on what really my life is like. Yeah. You know, it might be a little more boring than what you're used to seeing. Right. But it's at least a little bit more authentic where you're not having to like really create that character again. Yeah. But. like, I don't think I'd wanna put my family in a position to be in something where like, again, the success is tied to like how much you can hurt each other. Yeah. And. like, I just don't, I don't, it's not like a healthy place to be. Like, it's not good on relationships. It can be in the strongest relationship. And, and I mean if you think about it, it's like Vanderpump rules is like who's betraying who, who's cheating on who, who's being shady? And like sometimes they, you know, they things are invented And like never even happen.


And so to put that stress on a relationship and then if you have children on top of that, I'm just not sure that that's like the healthiest thing for me. But I do miss it. No, I do Like, it's almost like reality TV to a certain age should be appropriate because you actually, your life is toxic and chaotic. Like, like season one. It was like you were so, like in the best way unhinged, And like saying shit But. like I was like that with my boyfriends when I was in my late, like early twenties. Then I think when you get to a certain age, it's like how you are just fucking your life up. Yeah. For camera. Yes. Yeah. Who are you friends with still from the cast? Well, Katie's one of my best friends in the world. She's Hartford's godmother and she was my maid of honor and I'm still really close with Lala.


Okay. And honestly, the producers like I'm, I hang out with the producers more than most people. Like, they're some of my closest friends. Really? Yeah. So it's so weird to like be hanging out with them and we kind of don't talk about it that much. Yeah. You know what I mean, like the show part of it, but now that like scan 'em all's happen. We talk about it a lot more. I guess How do you feel about how much hate Tom is getting online? I mean, I obviously I've been in a position where I've received so much hate before And. like that's, I, I don't like where we're at like in society where like that's how we punish people. It's like a, it's like, it's, it's like emotionally beheading people.


Yeah. You know what I mean and it's, and who's to decide what the punishment should be? Like who, who makes someone the authority on that? Right. Like what makes this person on their computer? Right. The authority on, on what they think is enough hate for him to receive. Right. I don't get down with that. Like I really, I don't like it. Like, do I like Tom Sandoval? No. Do I think what like what he did is disgusting And like fuck him. Yeah. But like and I. See now I feel like I'm even adding to it like the online feel level. There's a level, there's a level of like, if you're being asked about it, you can talk about it and I think everyone with their friends can talk about it. But I do think there's like a level of we're just as bad of like, people that are going out of their way to comment on his photos or something and be like, go fucking kill yourself.


You're so disgusting that it's like That. It's like that that, that no one like, right, let's, let's just like not do that as like a group of people. Let's, let's just not, because It's like, you probably didn't say that fully to like even your dad when he cheated on your mom and you guys have a divorced family now. Like, there's so many people that have gone through sadly something very similar like cheating affairs like that. And it's awful But. like we don't know these people. So yes, they've put their lives out there for us But like at what point is it like, talk shit to your friends and your group chat, but to actually make an effort to like go wait outside of his house or to go make comments. It's like, let's And at some Yeah. And at some point like that is how people become incredibly depressed. Yeah. And then suicidal and it's like how would we all react if we knew that that's how it ended?


One of Yes. Yeah. How what It just, it's not right. You Were obviously so different back in the day as we all are of like in your early twenties versus where you're sitting now on the show. You were probably one of my favorite characters because it was like, I was watching a scene this morning, I was trying to, I was like telling my friend I was gonna sit down with you. I'm like, no, you don't understand. Like, no one was more iconic than Stassi. Like, she would go into these like rage blackouts basically that looked like it on screen where you were just like, I am the devil motherfucker. And. like, just the shit you said was like so gold. And I'm like, are you gonna ever let your daughter watch the show? I can't hide. I can't hide it from her forever. Yeah. Of like, so of course.


and I honestly just hope she learns from my mistakes. Like I hope she sees it and cringes and is like, you are fucking awful And. like, I don't wanna talk to you for two weeks. And I'm like, fair, fair. And then she just literally goes, you know, that just swings her in the opposite direction and she just wants to be this like lovely kind child But, like that's fair. You know? Okay. How would you describe yourself back then? Verse now to someone maybe that didn't watch the show, didn't know you? oh, My God I mean. oh, my God. I think so incredibly selfish. Like I still have selfish tendencies, like 100%. That's always gonna be a personality trait. Sorry. I love. It is love it. But. like, I really, truly thought the world revolved around me.


I thought that everything that I was going through mattered to everyone. I just felt like what I had to say was so important. I was also one of those people that's like, I just tell it like it is, you gotta just deal with it. And, and now that I'm older, like I don't like that about myself and I think that's such an overrated quality because all you're saying is like, you don't care about how your words affect other people. So like, sometimes like it's good to just think before you fucking speak. Yeah. You know, it's like called being polite and gracious. True. Like, I just like, and there are still people that like, you know, are in that reality TV world that are still like that, that are just like, well I tell like it is, I'm honest. Like, if you can't handle the truth then like, I'm not for you.


And I'm like, but do you really wanna be that way? I get what you're saying about like holding yourself back for maybe speaking about certain things, but again, the environment that you were in, like that is what would make you a better person on reality tv. Yeah, no, totally. So it's like, like it's almost like you were rewarded when you would say crazy shit. I was now it's like when you're in private with friends, maybe we don't bring that into real life. Correct. But I get what you're saying of watching it back. You're like, why did I say that's how I feel about when I look back at my, the earlier days of my show, I'm like, why did I say some of that stuff? Yeah. But that's also life. Yeah. No, that's true. But we just happened to be like recording our lives. Yes. And we were rewarded for it. Just like you were rewarded for like things that would come out of your mouth. It's like that's that's how we're paid to, to be Totally. To to say crazy shit.


Yes. What do you miss most about being in your twenties? Being selfish. Leaning into it. Like right And. like not knowing that it was wrong. Right, right. You know, like it's the delusion. Like not Yeah. It's the delusion. It's like the not knowing any better and just really living for myself, but at the same time it's like I am such a happier person not living for myself. Yeah. Like, as like fun as it all was to be reckless and selfish. Like I am so much more at peace and such a happier person. Yeah. Now that I'm not like that, I get what you're saying. Like I was thinking about that as I wrote that question today. I was thinking like, okay, I, well I am 28, but I almost feel like I'm already 30 and I am like my earlier stages of my twenties.


I feel like I thought I was having so much fun in the toxic relationships and going out and drinking, getting fucked up and blacking out. And like jokingly waking up and having all my friends in the room and be like, I just ruined my life. Yes. And that's also like life, but there is some different level of peace you feel once you get over that hump where like, I don't wake up with that anxiety of like, what did I say to that person? Like was I like, mean? Like, did I fuck up? Like did I do something like, I don't know, it's like calmer. It's like nicer. It's I mean There's like a reason that like, you know, elderly people are like, my idea of fun is like staying in And, like watching like Downtown Abbey. It's like be, because our preferences change as we age.


True. And. like I agree with that. Staying in watching downtown Abbey is like The most fun you can have. Do you often hang out with elderly folks? Like I should, honestly, I should find myself a pack of elderly friends. I would say like, come over one night and there's like seven people that you just like went and picked up from the elderly home. I mean I'm always down for granny vibes. I do love granny vibes too. What do you love most about being in your thirties? In my thirties, oh my gosh. I think that the, I've learned that like the power of, of saying no to things and, and not caring about like, well if is someone gonna be mad at me if I'm not going to what they just asked me to do?


Or if I say no to like a FaceTime or like, I don't respond to a text message. Yeah. Like I've prioritize as much as like I, it's funny that I'm saying this 'cause it sounds like I'm being selfish, but I've just prioritized my, my happiness and wellbeing and I I know how to do that. Yeah. And not worry about Well like, well is so and so gonna be mad at me if I say no? Like I'm allowed to say no. I'm allowed to say no. Yeah, You are. I love that too. 'cause there's like, I get what you're saying. It sounds selfish, but there's a different level of maturity of like a freedom that you get instead of feeling like, oh my God. But it has to be calculated. If I don't text them, it's because I'm like being mean. This is actually, I'm not being mean, I'm not being mean. I'm just, there's just things that I don't wanna do. Yeah. I'm just kind of busy and I don't want to do that.


Or like, I'd like to stay home with my daughter tonight. Like, I, I just like, it's not for me. And honestly, I don't even owe an explanation. No. Like, knows all I have to say. What's the difference between Stassy hammered in her twenties versus sassy hammered in her thirties? Oh my God. I miss being hammered. I know How long, how much longer? I'm due the beginning of September. That's a wild, it's like three fucking months. You got this. Ew you got this. Well, I would fully black out in my twenties. Like I wouldn't remember things and, and, and I. Yeah. I wouldn't remember what I texted. I wouldn't remember what I said. It was super emotional Now because I have a, a kid, I'm not allowed.


Right. I, I can't, it's unfortunate, but I can't let it get too far. So like I honestly, I feel like I don't have that much of like a personality shift when I drink. Does that make me an alcoholic? Maybe. But I feel like I'm kind of the same as I am right now. No, that's good. That's good. Okay. Love that. It's just like you have, you are just having a little bit better time. Yeah. Like I'm just having a better time. That's what it is. I'm just having a better time in my thirties. Yeah. Because like, I'm not getting obliterated. Right. You're not getting full blackout. That's fair. Speaking of being drunk, you talk a lot about dark passeng during and I think a lot of my fans may not have any idea. Like, what does that mean? Like, can you explain what that means? Yeah. 100% I can.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. Hi Daddy Yang. Do you ever feel Like? there are just too many apps for too many things. I know I do. I sometimes wanna chuck my phone into a river. Never look back. The apps just take up so much space on your phone and it is hard to keep the name straight. It's like, how are we organizing all this? What are we doing? Well there is one trusted name that you already know that can help you do the work of several different apps. Experian the Experian app can help you cancel unwanted subscriptions. Look for car insurance and check your FICO score and credit report all in one place. You can also compare credit cards and loans, save time and money by letting their experts negotiate your bills to get you the best price. Experian the one stop shop for your financial health. Download the Experian app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed and some may not see any savings. Checking your match credit cards will not hurt your credit score. State restrictions apply. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation eligible paid membership required.


This episode is brought to you by Tylenol. Why am I excited to be partnering with Tylenol? You may ask because I know and they know that greatness hurts. When I was playing soccer in college, I had muscle cramps or I pulled one of my hamstrings to be great. You have to push yourself to limits that sometimes can hurt. Greatness hurts. So Tylenol will be there with care to help you keep chasing it. Tylenol provides pain relief for the champion in all of us. It's the number one doctor recommended brand of pain relief and fever reduction. That's Tylenol. That's Care without limits. Visit Tylenol dot com slash greatness. Dash hurts to learn more. Use as directed.


You talk a lot about dark passeng during and I think a lot of my fans may not have any idea. Like, what does that mean? Like can you explain what that means? Yeah, 100%. I can. I mainly did this, I did this like all throughout Vander Pump rules. But, like it's became a thing when I started dating Be. Okay. So I would go absolutely psycho on him. Like I mean breaking phones, texting him 73 times in a row, yelling, screaming, threatening things like violence. Okay. When I wouldn't get my way. And normally it was because like I would wanna leave a party early. 'cause like I granny vibes granny. So like I'd wanna go to bed at like 11 and he's so social and he would wanna stay out later. And I've always had like a trigger when it came to that because like honestly I feel validated now because of scan all it's like shady things in that group of friends.


Yeah. Always happen after hours. So I would start freaking out. Like, what is, why does he wanna be out with my friends and not coming home with me? And I would go just insane on him. I would, I would it, it was like, that's why he would call it the dark passenger. It's like I would literally see red, like anger's like the only motion that like overtakes me. I see red. I can't control it, I can't stop myself. Like that is what the dark passenger used to be. But again, now looking back in light of like, you know, scandal all and all that, I was right to dark passenger. I I was about to Say as you were describing that, I think it's totally understandable if your partner for like one night occasionally is like, oh my gosh.


Like no, I'm having so much fun with my friends. Like I wanna stay out. If your partner, every single fucking time you guys go out is always lingering and you're going home alone. Biggest red flag. You know what? Strange. Yeah. Strange. That's so true. Why? Why would you wanna stay and not come home with me? Yeah. No. Like What exactly. I can't imagine wanting to, like, I again, I get it if like I'm having all my friends are there and my fiance's like, I really wanna go. I'm home exhausted. I'm like, fuck But. like I'm having so much friend with my girlfriends. Yeah. Then I'm gonna stay out occasionally. But like, I don't think I've ever been like, I desperately wanna stay at this party. I'm not single. I'm not looking for Dick. Like the dick I have is going home. Like why don't I wanna just go home with them?


Yeah. No Thank you for validating me right Now. So, but don't you think for like a lot, a lot of people listening to this probably are like, huh? Like I have this a lot with my partner where like they stay out so many more nights than if I'm going home alone Or like they're going out without me all the time. Like I, I guess to each his own, I personally wouldn't be down 'cause I just wouldn't understand. Like, why would your partner always wanna be out without you? No, I completely agree with that. And that was always my argument. I would be like, you know, like, so Thank you, what is it? What is it that you wanna be doing? Like what is more fun than just like going to sleep with me right now? No. and I also get the trigger of like, if you have ever been cheated on or again, you saw Sha shit and that's what would happen. Like, you know when Kristen and Jack's like season Yes.


Two or whenever, when like they, they did their thing like that, that was always like after hours after the party, after I had gone home. So nothing good happens. So nothing good happens after hours. So like, it makes me, it made me feel so weird when Bo would wanna just stay out. And so that's, that's when we put a name to the dark passenger. But the dark passenger can really just like, it means like, anytime you just literally see red. Yep. And like anger is the only thing. And and you, you can't reason. There's no logic. Yep. There's, I I feel like you had a lot of that for like birthday parties. Yeah. Totally. Let's talk about your Birthday because I, I wanna relate to you here and I Can't and I wanna hear your explanation of like what your birthday means to you.


Oh my God, I'm gonna disappoint you so much right now. Why? Okay, so the first few years of Vander Pumper was like 100% I was a birthday beast. Yep. Okay. I was so obsessed with my birthday. I have no idea where it came from. You know what? I blame the fact that I'm a summer like baby Me too. And so like I never got to like really have birthday parties. Fair, fair. Like where all the people could come. So like I like made it a much bigger deal as an adult or something. But like after the first few seasons of Vanner Pump rules, I stopped caring. Okay. I like got it outta my system. That's great. Bravo would never let me stop caring. Bravo was like, no But. like this is, this is a bit, this is like your, this is your thing.


Like you are, people relate to this. This is like your, you are the birthday queen. And literally to this day when people come up to me, like 50% of the time they're like either saying the quote about the devil or like Pinot Grigio and the other 50% of the time it's like, Thank you for making me feel good about my birthday. Dude. I remember watching it And like to people that didn't watch those seasons. Like the rage that took over you of like, it's my fucking birthday. Sit down, I know And, like be present. And I was like, I loved watching it, but I don't relate to that. And so I was like, I wanted to hear today. I I think it's great. You're over it. Yeah. So for your birthday now you don't really care. No, I don't really care. I think I was just always just like channeling maiden character energy, you know?


and I get it. And like when you, when you, when you're trying to have main character energy, you need to care about your birthday. Absolutely. Main characters care about the birthdays. It's a whole month. It's a whole thing. Yeah. and I think like that actually for reality. TV worked. I think on Instagram it's annoying as fuck when it's like totally Is like my birthday month. We gotta stop 10 days before my birthday. I'm like no one gives a Fuck. It's not countdown. Like we countdown. No one cares. No one cares. No one cares. Okay. We can, we relate on that now. Okay. Do you secretly miss a little bit of drama in your life now? You don that you don't have reality tv? Yeah, sometimes. Yeah. I know I say this to Beau a lot actually. I'm like, you know what? We should get in a fight and I should dark passenger because it would just like make me feel so passionate. That would probably make me horny.


I get what you're saying. Like a little, a little, A little bit. A Little friction. No, a Little bit. I remember when we were in Vegas in December actually when I Conceived. No, we Were walking past the sign for Absent. Have you ever been to that show? No. Oh, it's so good. Is it good? Yeah, it's really good. Okay. And I was like, oh my God bo remember the last time we saw Absent like I full blown dark passenger on you. And I was like, we should do that. That'll help us make a baby stop. And he thinks I'm insane. And he thinks that's so unwell. But. like I just think that that I I think makeup sex is fun. I agree. I think men have like a little bit harder time like playing the role of like, we're fighting But. like it's not really, but it's not really like, and they're Like don don't understand like if I am trouble like stop 100% and they get scared.


Like I try to do it with my partner all the time. Like just light little tinges here and there can be fun. Yeah. Not all the time. But like a little like, I'm like, we've been so good. Let's, Let's not be So good for, let's not be so good. Let's have to come back. I Wanna miss you. I wanna be like, I wanna be scared that I'm gonna lose you. You know, And like, even though I know I'm not like, lemme just pretend. Lemme just pretend no And like play with it. I feel like guys can't get there. No, not, But I kind of. Okay. Did you ever at one point like bring your trust issues in your past, into your relationship that like it really affected you guys? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, past the dark passenger of like staying out late. Was there anything else? Yeah, Well we, no, we started going to therapy like really early on, on into our relationship because I had all of those freak out moments and I just didn't trust him and he didn't understand where it was coming from.


'cause he was, he had never given me a reason for me not to trust him. And we had to like talk through it. And the more like we went to therapy, the more than he was like, Thank you so much for articulating this, for communicating this. 'cause I understand that must have been really hard to have like this happen to you, to have your friend do this to you. To have, you know, other times that I had been cheated on, like, I get it now And. like, then we were able to work together. But like yeah. It really affected our relationship. Yeah. I love that you have openly talked about like couples therapy. 'cause I think there's such a stigma of like, what's wrong with your what wrong relationship, what's wrong? And it's like, why is everyone, You shouldn't have to be going this early. Right? Like why? Because that's when the relationships, like it's make or break honestly.


And you're coming into the relationship with all your separate baggage. So might as well get it like, worked out right away. I agree. Okay. Your relationship, you've talked kind of about how like you have very different sex drives with Bo and everything. Give the girlies tips of like, how do you keep things intimate without at times being actually physically intimate? Like what are You guys doing? Oh my honestly, Alex, I need the fucking tips. Stop. I need the tips. I think listen, I think that Bo and I are really good at at quality time. Yeah. Like we, we talk to each other. Yeah. Like we, we, we spend time together. Like we we're really good at parenting together. Like I know that doesn't sound romantic. But like when you're aligned in, in how you view things like that.


Like when you get into a relationship with someone, you get married to someone or you decide to have a child with someone, you better really fucking like that person. Because when you have a kid, y'all are In it, In it, you're fucking in it 24 7. Yeah. Like, and so there are gonna be days that are kind of boring. Yeah. And you better really just like being around that person while doing all of the monotonous, mundane shit. Yeah. That's Such a good point. Like I was thinking about you And like having watched some of your relationships very toxic in the past to then like, Bo seems like the complete opposite of like stable, normal, romantic loving, sweet. Like in the beginning. Did that freak you out?


It didn't freak me out, but I made it. What I did with him is like, I made a, a choice, like a a I was aware of the fact that I was changing my habits. Like everyone that I've dated in the past, it was kind of all the same. Like e exciting, And like passionate right from the beginning. Like just feeling like, you know, that feeling which like ends up being toxic honestly. 100%. And so Bo was kind of ev everything different. You know what I mean? Yeah. He was different than anything that I had dated before and I went about it. Both of us did really slowly and we casually dated and we dated other people and we just really got to know each other. Yeah. and I think that that's like what made this relationship so solid.


Yeah. Is that like we trusted each other. There was like constant communication, constant like getting to know each other, but it didn't know nothing about him scared me because I knew that I was doing everything different. Yeah. I kind of also had I mean, I think a lot of people do you have those like toxic relationships. But I think at some point people always write in asking like, when will I be ready to like, not, how will I know when to not go for the toxic? You just kind of know. You'll know, you know, when you're done. Yeah. You totally will. Like there's a feeling of like, I don't wanna deal with it anymore. and I think that There's like something like really overrated about the like love at first sight thing. I still have friends that like, you know, are single and will ask me like, well what should I do? I'm like, well you write someone off. Yeah. If you don't feel that in love, feeling that excitement right away.


Yeah. But. like that's kind of overrated. It is And. like we don't know people right away. So. Right. So how real is that feeling? Right. It's like there's a difference between going on a first date and actually like vibing and being vibe. Yeah. There's definitely something here. But Yeah, obviously you have to have attraction and you have to vibe Yes. Of, but The, the feeling of like the butterflies, but also like anxious And. like he's not texting And like waiting And like playing the games. And like being so calculated And like blah, like that shouldn't be happening. Yeah. Because that's like unhealthy. Yeah. Like that's not enjoyable. Exactly. But I think when you are doing that for so long you can get into this rhythm of then normal feels boring. Yeah. and I think it's like I got to a point where I'm like, actually toxic became so boring to me.


I Completely fucking agreed. Toxic is boring Is boring. 'cause it's so transparent of like, and then we're gonna fight and then he's not gonna text me and then I'm gonna not text him and then we're gonna gonna fight and then we're gonna have this crazy sex and then I'm gonna feel insecure. And like, and then it's just like this. And you're never able to be like, I feel really happy today. Yes. On this nice Wednesday. Like I know. Right. You don't have that. Yes. And not just, I get it. I won't say to anyone in their early twenties or in their teens right now. Like, you gotta go through it. Yeah. You do Have to go through it. But, and I say like, it is fun to go through it once or twice. Totally. But it would just be nice like if you can, if you start to feel like you're getting fed up with it. You have, you have to also change your ways. Yes. Like that's just, okay.


How did you know Bee was the one? Because I could completely be myself honestly. Yeah. Like I felt Like there was, I never had to watch what I said or what I did, or I never felt insecure in that way. Like I felt like he loved everything about me. Yeah. And he, but not just loved it. He would like champion. Yeah. It like, he was so into just like me being a basic bitch that's like so not a dude thing to, to do, to be like, yeah, you go like your basic bitch self. You know, like I love It. She was just like really accepting and a cheerleader and I think that's what I realized. Like I really want that for myself. Totally. Totally. No, that's so cute. Like obviously I only get to watch your life like slightly through Instagram, but you guys look like so happy Thank you and it's just like really cool to see.


Like, again, I literally sitting down with you the be the best version of like, a whole person I knew was from season one, two, and three And. like watching those seasons. I love that part of you. But it's also cool to sit down with you And like get to know you as like a mom and a partner. And. like just, I don't know. It's like you're, you seem great Thank. you, you seem like, you like got it together. I Know. I feel like I got it together. Like I, I think I do. I think so. Wait, So you're on tour? Yeah. And Kate went to one of your shows and she was like, it is so crazy. Like she sells out everywhere. You are just like so personable and outgoing and everyone loves you And like all of your fans are amazing.


And she was like, they're like the nicest girls in a room. Just like loving life, being so happy to be there. Do you like touring I love It. That was like the one thing when Covid happened that I was like, I, if I can do anything ever again Wow. I please let it be touring. Like I really love it. I I just love the whole process of it. Not just like creatively putting together. It's like challenging. It's like fully challenging myself to do something that's so uncomfortable. Yeah. Like putting together like a set, like where it's like I'm not a standup comedian. But like I have to be for a second. Of course I have to act kind of and then write something for myself, then deliver it and hope that people find it interesting. Right. And then put together segments and, and you know, just, I just love the creative process of it.


And then I also like the whole traveling aspect of it. You know, like, I love going to different places and seeing smaller towns and meeting people from different places and checking into hotels. I don't know, I, I just, I really, I love tour. Wow. I I give you so much credit. 'cause I don't think people know how hard it is. It is Fucking ridiculous how hard it is. Like How long is your show? An hour and a half To have Axe and yourself and everyone entertaining people for an hour and a half live. No, it's like, when you think about it, like, I'll always like, when I'm watching everyone leave the theater, like I'm in my car and I'm like, all these people like spent their money to come here. Like they got babysitters, they took Ubers. Like they, they came here.


So like if I didn't deliver, like that's, I'm letting them down. You know what I mean? It's not like they can just, they're at home flipping on a television show. It's like they went out of their way sick. Like, and I appreciate that so much that they put in that effort to come see me. So like I, the pressure is, is is on. It's there. But I Do you get Nervous to go on stage now or No? There are when I know people in the audience. And So how many cities do you do? I think we did, we're doing like 25 I think. But we're over halfway done. I think the hardest part now I've realized this is, and when I do this again I'll plan it differently is Yeah. I can't be gone like six days at a time. I miss Hartford too much. Like, so those last two shows, like I, I kind of just like end up not caring 'cause I'm feeling down wanting to go to your dog home.


I just wanna go home And like be a mom. And so like I've realized that I think that the next time around I'll be like, okay, like three days. Yeah. Then a we get home like three days, then a weekend. Do you get exhausted by being pregnant and touring at all? No. Okay. Let me tell you something. This is gonna sound extra a alcoholy. Okay. It's okay because like I haven't sounded a alcoholy enough this whole entire time. No. But I was way more low energy and tired the first two tours that I did before COD because we would like drink and have fun. Oh you know what I mean? Like we'd have like Bloody Mary's on the plane, And like drink Rose while we're getting ready and drink backstage and have Aperol Spritzes on stage. and I just felt tired because of that. Now I think I have The most energy out of everyone that I'm traveling with because I'm sober.


Wait, no, I actually so get that like you would just keep drink. I would do the same thing. Yeah. You just keep Going. Oh, that's so smart. So now I'm sober. So I feel like I feel sharp. I feel just way more alert and with it and quicker and yeah. Sobriety really suits me. It's just not fun. You're like, I know it's for the best for me. But like the minute I have my child, I'm back on my shit 100%. I'm getting an Aperol spritz brought to my fucking room right after I deliver her. Oh no. Bo literally brought me, he made spicy margaritas in the hospital for me. And he's gonna do that again. The fact that, that you said you swish around an Aperol spritz and just hold it there. Yeah, just hold it. I feel like that's what I'm gonna have to do if I ever get Pregnant.


Yeah. Or like a really good red wine. Like I'll, I'll like, I'll have a little bit of red wine every now and then. Like my doctor literally says it's fine to like have some few sip like a small Right. Everyone calm down half a glass. It's fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I'll leave it in my mouth like literally it feels like for three and a half minutes. 'cause you just the taste. I miss the taste. I get it so much. What is like coming up in your life? So you're writing a book, you're having a kid. Yeah. I actually love how I didn't even have to ask you. You're writing a book, you're having a kid and you're on tour. Yes. You're kind of thriving. So Then I have two podcasts. So like, dude, how Do you do two podcasts? I mean when you other one the other, the other one's with with with Bo. So like it's easy for us to just like make time to do it so it feels, it doesn't feel like it's as much too much.


Yeah. As much Work. It's a lot. Let's have you back home when your're hammers skip. But that would be so Fun. Then we really can't air it. Let's Get toasty. That would be fun to do one next time we like actually get fucked up. Yes. And. like see what comes out of our mouths. No Alex. This was like one of my favorite podcasts I've ever done. Was it fun? This was so fun. I'm so happy you came. 'cause I had an idea we would be vibing. We, I also feel like we never shut the fuck up. Do we have one breath of silence? And we, we were like, I haven't even heard the room tone since we started, But I guess that's a good podcast, right? Yes. Or everyone's gonna be like, you guys are so fucking annoying. Yeah. You guys are annoying. You guys keep talking over each other. I don't think we were talking over each other. No. We were two professionals. Yeah. We like right as you were finishing I would pick up and it was like, yeah, I think we had a good time.


No, this was, I'm not joking. This was one of my favorite podcasts I've ever done. Like I really just had a really great time. I had a great time and I felt like I really could just relax and we had like a normal fun conversation that was just happened to be filmed for millions of people to watch. Yes. Woo. You were so fun. Thank you for coming on Thank. you sassy. This is great. Thank, you. oh, my God


This episode is brought to you by Ben and Jerry's. Hi Ben. Hi Jerry. Ben and Jerry's has just dropped their new non-dairy range. And lemme tell you, Daddy Gang, it is a game changer. Okay. Indulgent, creamy, and oh so dreamy. It's all the Ben and Jerry's, just none of the dairy. You guys, this recipe is their smoothest, most indulgent yet without skimping on the epic Ben and Jerry's flavor that we are obsessed with. Okay. I am obsessed. I currently have a lot of Ben and Jerry's in my fridge. We love the strawberry cheesecake. We love the milk and cookies. We love the Cherry Garcia. Okay. We love the fish food. There is nothing better also than the chocolate fudge brownie. So expect more, more flavor, more creamy texture and more of that dessert euphoria we all crave with those iconic chunks and swirls and yeah, it's so good that even die hard dairy fans are losing it over their oat milk magic. Find your favorite non-dairy flavors with the new oat milk recipe in freezers near you. and@benjerry.com.


This episode is brought to you by O Pill. The first over the counter daily birth control pill available in the USI want to introduce O Pill. O Pill is a daily birth control pill that's FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus, there is no prescriptions needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription of birth control are over. This is our moment to take control of our health and our reproductive journey. This is huge for women. O Pill is available online and at most major retailers. Use Code Daddy for 25% off your first month of O pill@opill.com.