
What is Up. Daddy Gang. it is your founding father, Alex Cooper With Call Her Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Gang. Welcome back to another episode of Call Her. Daddy. I would say on a weekly basis, I indulge in maybe, maybe a couple glasses of wine, maybe one tequila throughout the course of seven days. Okay. But every time I throw an unwell event, the little rager inside of me, the girl who loved four Locos back in the day, the girl who didn't even flinch when she would drink straight vodka out of a water bottle in college, she comes back out, she comes back out and she's reborn for about 48 to 64 hours.


And then I put her back down and I layered her rest for the next time that I will let her wake up again. Okay? And this past weekend she woke up and I went full fucking throttle. I was throwing my 30th birthday party in the Hamptons. And here's the thing, every single time I go to the Hamptons, it is a shit show in The most beautiful way, because I get in and I get out. I'm not spending all summer there. I'm not even doing weeks. There it is a weekend and we get out and we go home. And when I woke up in my house in Los Angeles, still hungover, still sweating tequila, still recovering, I got an email from my video guy with a link and the subject line of this email read Uncensored Hamptons confessional footage.


Enjoy. Now, I set up a cute, innocent confessional thinking. I honestly thought my friends would pop in and say a few words, maybe sing me a cute happy birthday. But as you can imagine, this is not how this story goes for anyone who wasn't able to make it and was suffering from fomo. I have got you covered. What I will say though, Daddy Gang is, you know, I'm a podcast girl through and through. and I rarely ask you to do this. But please, for the love of fucking God, watch this episode on video. Like this is not one to be like jamming to in the car.


You need to wash this. It is a full visual, glorious experience. Prepare yourselves and get ready to hear from Leah Miguel, Halle Owen Maria Noah Centineo Daddy Gang is in this episode. And Kiara, who we just signed to on, well she is the queen of book talk. She's fucking hilarious. and I am not ready for you to hear her JC Penney story. So without further ado, Daddy Gang, I give you the unwell confessional, enjoy


This episode is brought to you by MOS Southwest Grill. Welcome to mos. Okay, that is what you hear when you step into any MOS Southwest Grill. I love a good burrito, but I also love to go somewhere that they will allow me to customize my food. Mo's Southwest Grill lets you build your own burrito. Yes, you can pick fresh ingredients and toppings like sirloin steak. Hi. Hello. Yes, maybe you want a little white meat chicken, black beans, guac, piko, dega, a little salsa on the side, little sauces, like whatever you want. You can make your own burrito. Okay, done? Yes. We're all going to Mo's Southwest Grill. It's also known for its famous queso. I love a good queso. oh my God, I mean Daddy Gang Mo's Southwest Grill. Welcome to mo's. Click or tap the banner to find a Mo's Southwest Grill near you.


This episode is brought to you by NARS cosmetics. Daddy Gang. Let's talk bold lipstick looks. I remember one of the first times I did a bold lipstick look was going to an event. I was so nervous 'cause I'm Like don don't know. Am I a bold girl? Like don. Don't know if I can pull this off. and I remember looking at the pictures being like, who is she? I'm kind of loving it. I felt, I felt like I could conquer the world because I was like terrified. And I'm like, oh, that was actually easy. I stepped outside my comfort zone. And look, I actually loved my look to put it simply. I love a bold look. And NARS cosmetics does too. That's why they want to celebrate that transformative confidence with their new explicit lipstick. You can get a wide range of fearless shades with long lasting comfort in a satin finish Shop now@narscosmetics.com.


This episode is brought to you by two-faced. If there's one thing I don't have time for. Daddy Gang. It is a huge bag of makeup. It is my nightmare when I like look down and I'm just looking. I'm just looking for a little concealer and I have to trudge through my bag. It's just not happening. I love makeup that can be used in different ways, like the best selling Born this way. Super coverage multi-use concealer from Two-Face cosmetics. I have always used Two-Face. I had a really like old video I made on YouTube and I was rewatching it and I'm like, oh my God, I forgot every single product. I just would use Two-Face and it always works. and I still use it to this day. I've been doing it since high school. You can use this product to conceal, to highlight, to retouch this natural finished concealer Flawlessly hides every imperfection. It is so light, hydrating, nourishing. You'll want to use it all over and it doesn't crease. Thank goodness. It is now available in travel size priced at only $16. Perfect for your summer getaways. Born. This way. Super coverage, multi-Use concealer from two phase cosmetics. Click or tap the banner to visit sephora.com to shop now.


Now I'm ready to get loose. Hello, I'm Kiara. I'm from Houston, Texas. I do book related content and yeah, I was in a sorority, so this unwell lifestyle, this ain't new to me baby. This ain't new to me, it's true to me. Hello. I literally just got here. So we only eat a second drinking, but baby compared to yesterday, we was about 20 drinks in. And girl, my confession is actually from last night. And when I tell you clearly Alex know how to get down. 'cause the time was had, we ended up at common ground, great time. I'm living my best life. I'm like, yeah, I love the Hamptons. I love the Hamptons. I don't know how I got into the car, but all I remember is being in that car, waking up, touching my head and feeling so down. Baldheaded I started looking high and low.


I'm looking for my purse. I'm looking for my wig. Apparently my wig was under the seat. Now shout out to that driver 'cause I hope you didn't say nothing. And if anything, I hope you don't snitch on me. That's my confession. So basically I lost my wig in the car and my lashes as you, as you can see, I have a mascara. I'm naturally an eyelash extension girl. That shit's gone. My nail is chipped. I had a great time from what I can remember and clearly from what we can see. Hello. I don't have a sugar daddy experience, but I'm always looking. So slide into the dms. Po Fable. Okay, where's the craziest place I've had sex? Mama. Daddy. Cover your ass girl. Cover your ass. Oh girl. I don't know if I can say this.


Is it legal? Oh no. The crazy. Well, I was younger. This is like college days from what I can think of at the top of my head. Oh no. If I can say this, man, my job, I'm younger, I'm a more mature woman now. Things have changed. Yeah, that JC Penney's dressing room a time was had man, oh Lord. Back blown out. But hey, at least we purchased the jeans. My boyfriend did get them jeans. But yeah, that was one of them crazy times that I don't even got no regrets. But I wouldn't do that now. Don't be doing that now girl. I feel like I need to go to go to church, gonna pen of my sins. If y'all got holy water, spray something on me. Poor favor.


And now I'm just going to pass it to the next person for their confessional. Hopefully it's not as crazy as mine, girl. Well, well, well, hi, I'm double fisting. Hi, my name is Leah and I am an unknown amount of drinks in and I'm feeling ready. And you're on sex hotline. No, I'm kidding. And you're on Leah's channel. My current relationship status is standing in front of me. No, I'm kidding. No. But Miguel's standing there. I do. I have a boyfriend. Ah, the weirdest date I've ever been on.


Let me give you guys a backdrop. This might take a second. Get comfortable. I went on a date, this guy, he asked me out to Nobu and we went out together and it was really good. And this is actually fairly recent, sorry, Miguel, but it was before me met. Anyways, we went to Nobu, he took me out. It was really fun. It was really cute. We had a great time. Whatever. He texted me after, he was like, I really like you, blah, blah, blah. Okay, cool. Fast forward two, he was like, I'm performing at Coachella, you should come. And I was like, that would be so fun, let's do it. And he invites me to Coachella. And then we go to Coachella. And when I get there, there was like this, there was like, it was a whole house.


All of his friends were there. I was there as well. And then all of a sudden I stand in there and then this girl comes up to him and takes the blunt out of his mouth and starts smoking it with him. and I'm like, okay, interesting. I thought it was his auntie. Well it just looked like his auntie. No shade. And then We get in there and I'm sitting there and they're like, no, an auntie wouldn't touch him. Like she starts putting on a very see through top, she starts doing her makeup more. And she doesn't introduce herself to me. After I was like, hi, I'm Leah. So nice to meet you. She doesn't talk to me at all. Okay, cool. Anyways, fast forward, cool after that. But he's being like, he's like, I'm so happy you're here. You look gorgeous, blah blah, blah.


I asked my friend who's also his friend, I'm like, Hey, so who's that? And I'm thinking he's, oh, that's his sister. No weird shit. 'cause y'all sharing a blunt and I don't smoke. I don't. I'm a very sober queen. Not right now. Well, okay, hold on. Hold on. Alcohol. Yes. All of the rest Boo. Say no to drugs. Dare sponsor me. Just kidding. Oh God. Am I bombing Miss Leah? No, the way They're all sitting. Can we like pan the camera? Can we pan the camera the way they're all tuned in? I'm begging.


Okay. Anyways, okay. I asked my friend and I'm like, okay, is that your aunt? Is that his auntie? And they were like, no. And I was like, okay, cool. So who is she? And they were like, he invited her and I was like, oh. And then I find out he invited both of us at the same time. And I was like, oh, I'm so good off of that. Like you can have him. And then that was the last time we spoke. But now he begging for that shit back, obviously. Duh. But I'm good. Anyways, that was my worst first date. and I, my name is Leah and you're watching Un Wild. And I'm passing it to the next guest.


It's my turn on the mic now. Hey, my name's Miguel and I'm on my 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, seventh drink. I'm pretty sure I'm feeling really good. The fact that I've got a mic right now and I'm feeling this good is crazy. The fuck am I doing here? My relationship status, I'm taken. I'm outta the streets. You cannot have me. Ha ha. My confession is, fuck, what's my confession? The biggest party I've ever committed is, all right, Boom. So I'm in college, right? College is different to your college. My college is before university. So this is just before university. I'm at this house party. Everyone from my school is there.


There was this one girl I was interested in. So the party's been good. I've got a couple drinks in me, I've been turning up. I'm with my man dam. I'm with the people, them, you know, we're having a vibe. We're turning up, we're getting lit. And then my boys decide, yo, this girl, she's kind of interested in you, you've been interested in her, let's put you in the room along with each other so you guys can get to know each other. I've been yanked up bro. I've got drank in me tequila, vodka, a heni, all of that shit is in my system. There's a party going on in my bladder right now and my bladder can't take it. So she's there, we are on the bed, we're talking, she's next to me. We're talking and shit.


She's asking me questions. I'm not processing them questions because my body is fucked right now. I'm trying to keep my shit in. She's jabber, jabber, jabbering. I'm listen, Alyssa listening and the alcohol is trying to alcohol out on my system in, so I'm Confused why he's speaking while I'm not here. Alright. Right. So Boom, this is the, this is the thing. That's just my confus. Come, come, come, come, come, come Confus right now. I heard She, no, yeah, yeah. So this is, this is bad. This is bad. This is worse than what happened. Miguel. I'm not saying That fucking fucking stuff it fucking fuck. Stop it. I can't believe I'm saying this on camera. Wait, gimme my cred for being able to say this on camera.


'cause it's bad. I'm drunk in the house party. And my boys decided to lock me in the h fucking room with this one girl that I was interested in at the time. It's just, just So she's talking to me, right? I'm fucked up, I'm drunk. I can't hold my liquor and I don't drink like that. I don't drink, you know what I'm saying? I'm a, I'm a, I'm a sober boy. So Boom, embarrassing, embarrassing, embarrassing, embarrassing. Anyways, so she's talking to me, I'm listening, trying to keep myself composed. I say, yeah, as I say, yeah, I go home. I'm like, nah, I get up, up, I go to the toilet, I start spewing in the fucking toilet.


Me and this girl, were in the fucking bedroom for five minutes. I don't even know if it was five minutes, less than five minutes. I'm throwing up on the toilet. This comes in, what the fuck? Anyway, who's the fuck snorted behind the camera? Bla, shame on you. Shame on you, bro. Oh, that's how you know it was not meant to be. Because a man is talking to this guy. He threw up in front of me and I threw she, you know what's man, she threw up in front of me. Lemme say that again. She threw up in front of me. It Was a bonding experience. I love it.


Do you wanna get into that? No, no, Because her one is bad. So the more the story is don't drink. If you're trying to get to know a girl, and if you are, listen, if you're trying to wing man, your boy, don't put him in a room with a girl when he's fucked up, because that's the worst thing you could ever do. Because I never really spoke to that girl again on the same level. 'cause we was heading there and it didn't happen. Thank God it didn't happen. 'cause I never would've met this princess. It never would've worked out anyways. She wasn't my type. But she, look at you pushing my face. What was that? What was that? Hey, I, I, I, I and on that note, we about to go to our room, so see you later.


No, we're not. My best friend is behind the camera. I I don't mind the audience. I do. Don't listen to him. He doesn't know what he's talking about ever. Only I do. This isn't the casting couch. So Relax yourself. Alright, we're double fisting. Relax. We are passing it over to the next guest. Why Can't you double fist it? Baby girl. Do not say that to me. Next guest. Come over to the couch. It's always been my fucking dream. I can leave. No, you stay. No, I don't know. I don't, I don't know what I'm doing. What are we even doing? Okay. Hi. Hi everyone.


Hi Noah. and I are, Oh, you were saying hi to them. Not me. I'm not everyone. No, No. I'm saying hi to you. Hi. Also, okay, so the people that were just on the couch earlier or having sex in the bungalow, It's kind of hot, kind of Not, not Miguel and Leah over here feeling themselves. I don't even know what's asking. I Don't even know why I'm on this couch. Okay, you Hi Miguel. Leah are not doing anything right now. Get the fuck out here. We're gonna, There is a bed to the left. You two. Oh is It? Oh yeah. You two go to the left. You go to the left. Okay. Get it. Okay. Over there. We are gonna now give you a little a SMR with, and this is actually controversial topic.


Is it Noah Centena or Noah Centennial. Noah Centen. I have always said it right, but to all of our bitches on Instagram saying, Noah Centennial, it's Noah Centennial. Cut that shit out. Cut that shit. Read this Card. Hi, my name is Noah. I am, I'm a, I'm zero drinks in and feeling terrified. Zero. What happened to you? He said it up to us. We were standing up And we were clothed earlier. And now we're naked and I. Wait, Wait, wait. And by we, I mean you and Miguel, obviously, First of all, yeah, No one's having sex. Second of all, No one's having sex. Just like a, like dry Hump.


No, no. It wasn't dry. Humping. Second of all, hello, third of all, he's so boring. I had to join It. Thank you. I Don't know why he's saying he had zero drinks. I watched him. I think it Was wild. I watched him literally drink totally water. Seven shots, three cocktails. Talking about yourself, babe. No, No. This is three months ago. You showed me three months ago. It's A different time. He Threw up before this interview. My current, I threw up in the interview. We agreed We weren't gonna talk about that. My relationship Single, my current relationship status is single. Okay. And, and my confession Is, can I pick the one you do? Yeah. Yeah, actually Sure, sure. Fire. I don't know if I have a story for it.


Noah, You have weird, fun stories. That's true. No, the first time I met you, your couch was made for 15 people to sleep at your own home. and I asked you what kind of, or wait, no, we're trying to make you brand safe. Wait, how did, I was gonna say, what kind of orgies Do you have here? Cut, cut, cut, cut. That Was the last episode. No, that was, That was last episode of Confession. Let's go. Come fucking do It. Come on. Wait, What do you think? I'm all amped up now. Go fuck. Hey. Yeah. Look at my gal sitting on the bed being like, I have a boner. You just left me. Now you're doing an interview. I love leaving guys with boners and nothing to do with it. Go. And guess what? We can do it better than you guys can do it for us.


Go. Yeah. Give them a fucking question. She doesn't even want me to talk right now because she knows that's not fucking true. Listen, facts. If anyone's gonna get left to boo balls, it is this one over here. I've heard you're doing just fine to her. My friend is fulfilled. You're doing a great job, Miguel. I know, I, I've heard great things. I wanna know this just 'cause I feel like you would have a funny story for this. Have you ever fully fled a hookup? Why? I got a crazy story and it's definitely a confession, but it's kind of gnarly. All right. When I was 17 years old, I'm already laughing. I was 17 years old. I was a virgin and I lost my virginity at 18, by the way, late bloomer.


Same and I. Aw, Jeez. Fucking Twins. That's very okay. It's very demo. Very demo. Very classy, very respectful. This close. Did I get it? No, I said it wrong. Demure de he said very demo. Very deur, Very deur, very not demure to say Deur De de Deis. Don't. So I'm 17 years old and it's a New Year's Eve and I am I, I dropped off an ex-girlfriend that had come over to hang out with me and family. YI don't know, I think I was trying to set her up with my best friend at the time, and she was not taking it.


So then it was after New Year's Eve. So we get in an Uber, I take her back to her hotel, I get back in the car and I start going back to the house that I originally was at. And on the way I saw a woman standing on the side of the street, okay? I was by the way, like 17 and two solo cups of rum down, like wasted, like completely gone. And I'm in this truck going down the street and I see her and she's kind of going like this, like trying to get the attention. And so I said to the Uber driver, I'm like, yo, my man, pull over really quick. Pull over really quick by this woman. And he's like, okay, what am I pull over. So he pulls over, you're 17, 17 and I put the window down. And I'm like, Hey. And before I could say anything, she just goes, are you my ride? And I, I was like, I can can't not you.


I was like, by the way, it's like one o'clock in the morning, new Year's Eve. And I was like, yeah, I mean, I can be, where are you going? And she goes, oh, I'm going to Ocean Park. And I was like, all right, word hop in. That's on the way home. So She gets in the, I know he's getting free. Y'all, you, you heard it here first. Noah Gives free Uber rides. Noah is giving free Uber rides. And so she gets in the car and I'm like, what's your name? And she goes, you don't need to know my name. And I'm not as, right. I was like, It's giving, Mr Is giving, it's Giving, it's Giving no r yeah, it's giving something.


Something is being given. So she's like, what is your name? And I'm like, my name's David. Which was a lie because she didn't tell me her name. I'm like, oh, all right. I don't even know your name. You don have to know mine neither. Oh, David, I didn't know. I thought that's how I, like, she's an adult. You know, I was like, is this how we do things? Like do we Just like not tell? We just lie. We just lie dog. So we, we pull up to her place, it's like beach towny, like little bungalows. And so we pull up to one of those bungalows, she gets out and she turns around and I'm like, all right, have a good night. And she goes, you're not coming in. And I was like, and I looked right at the Uber driver and he looked up in the rear view mirror. 'cause like he knew I was a kid. He Said, if you're not going, I am. and I. And then I looked at him and I was like, I was like, yeah, all right.


And then he turns around like, Joe, are you? And I was like, I'm fine. Leah, did you just say if you're not going, then I'm going in that Uber driver's like my dick is Right. Driver said, hello, if you're not going, I am mama. Gimme That 20%, five star tip, baby, Let's go. No, that's right. Sweet. So I'm a deliver lay. Am I on this couch forever? 'cause I did my confession, I did mys confession and now I'm doing fucking Noah's confession. And now she's done of nose confession. Time to Let's go. Come on. So, so I'm, I'm, I'm nervous. She opens the front door, she walks in and immediately on the floor in the living room, I see a Thomas de train carpet. Oh God. So I'm like, oh she's, she's with child, she's With child.


She has Multiple children. I hope there's not a child in the place. This is now even weirder. It was already kind of weird. But now it's real and it's getting interesting. She goes, do you want a nightcap? I'm like, no, I've had way too much. And she goes, I'm gonna make you a nightcap. So she made me a gin and tonic and she forgot to put gin in it. But I'm like, I guess this is what we do as adults. Like I guess she like pretend, We pretend we lie about our names, we lie about the alcohol in our cups. We just lie. We lie, we lie. So long story short, like like we go into her bedroom and we start talking and then we start kissing and I just pick her up and I threw her on the bed. Keep in mind Virgin like had never done any like I like had like, you know, yeah.


Did things but never had sex. And so We, no. At this point are you at all thinking like, oh my God, I'm about to lose my virginity to the woman that I picked up on the side of the road, that's a 30-year-old woman. That woman telling me her name and there's talking about to drop, Like this is such a funny story. Like this is so funny. That is you. oh my God, look at me. I'm being so funny right now. This is, that is Noah. That is Noah. You know, like, oh this, there's like an older woman and this is great and this is actually such a story. And so like we started doing all these things. We started like making out and then like I kind of get hit, sorry with this like reason, I don't know, you know when you're super drunk and then finally like reason smacks you in the face, you're like are like, oh I'm present now and I just go fuck. Maybe I should like do a little pushup and just like see what this person looks like and what's going on.


So I push up and I look at her and I realize she's like 40 something. Oh, she's a little bit older. Okay. Which is fine. Yes, But you're 17, you haven't lost your Vagina. But not only was I right, not only was I hit with this realization that like she was much older, And like I just got hit with this, the reality of what I was doing. and I went, oh no, I need to go. So I just went, I have to go. and I got up and she was like, what? And she grabbed the blanket, she like pulled in front of herself. She was like, what are you talking about? And I was like, it's a story. Tell your friends. and I grabbed my stuff and I ran three miles home. Noah at like 1 30, 2 o'clock in the morning. Okay, this is a story that he So you didn't lose your virginity that night? No. You stayed a 17-year-old young boy still with fresh eyes, bushy tailed.


And he didn't have sex with the 40-year-old woman, but he did save a woman off the street that night. I Did get her home safe. And this is the story from Noah about how to be a good person. This Is my confession. We're passing it to the next guest. Let's go.


This episode is brought to you by Brooke Linen. My bedroom is my sanctuary. My bedroom is my happy place. And when I get into bed at night with my clean sheets, I truly have never been happier in my life. It's my happy place. Brooklinen really offers great value and they help you save. Check out the hardcore bundles that come with everything. You have a fitted sheet, flat sheet duvet, color, and four pillowcases. Start, end and dot your summer days with the reviving comfort of Brooklinen. Visit in store or online@brooklinen.com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. And get 15% off your first order


This episode is brought to you by Tylenol. Why am I excited to be partnering with Tylenol? You may ask because I know and they know that greatness hurts. When I was playing soccer in college, I had muscle cramps or I pulled one of my hamstrings to be great. You have to push yourself to limits that sometimes can hurt. Greatness hurts. So Tylenol will be there with care to help you keep chasing it. Tylenol provides pain relief for the champion in all of us. It's the number one doctor recommended brand of pain relief and fever reduction. That's Tylenol, that's Care without limits. Visit tylenol.com/greatness-herz to learn more use as directed.


Okay. Hello everyone. I'm Marie Georges. I have had about like four drinks plus maybe like five shots and I'm feeling great. I'm feeling fantastic. I'm having so much fun. Got to meet so many girls. I'm loving life right now. I'm from Toronto, Canada, Canadian bitch in the USA. My current relationship status is Single whatever. And I'm gonna be 30 in like a couple days. So let's just not remind me how single I am. My confession is I like someone who doesn't even know me yet. Just doesn't matter about that.


Tell me the time about how you were fully delusional about a man. How about right now where I feel like the man that doesn't know me is gonna love me? We'll keep it at that. Have you ever tried to really impress someone only for it to be a total flop? No. I'm such a straight shooter and who I am as a person that I've never had to like change who I was to try to like impress someone. I'm, I'm always been like, if you're gonna like me, you're gonna like all of who I really am. I'm not gonna like give you surprises later on. Take it or leave it. That's just how I've always been. Has someone ever told you that they loved you and you didn't say it back? No. I mean I've had people tell me that they're very into me. And like whatever, maybe they've said.


I, I think the only time, how can I say this nicely? I've had guys confess their love for me and I was not at the same spot as them. And that can get hard. But no, I I'm gonna be honest. No, never. No one has ever said like I love you where I was like I don't feel the same. 'cause I don't think I would ever let a guy feel like they can say that they love me 'cause I feel like that would be like really leading someone on. I just don't do that. I don't entertain people that I don't give a fuck about. On that note, I love you guys. Bye. Hi, I'm Owen the I am six drinks in Woo and I'm feeling really blackout drunk.


I should only have one drink. I'm a, I am a lightweight so this is not gonna go well. I'm from Los Angeles unfortunately my current relationship status is I'm like basically married but he won't propose. So if you're watching this, get a ring. Love a diamond. Big one. And my confession is I still have my ex's Instagram password and I do still check the dms. 10 years with my current boyfriend and I'm still checking my ex's dms keep drinking. You guys tell me a time about you were fully delusional about a man. Okay, my best friend had a boyfriend who I thought was in love with me. And like I swore. Like he was looking at me like every time we would go out he would stare at me in my head he was infatuated with me.


He was obsessed with me. and I had to break it to my best friend that he was probably gay. 'cause my best friend was a girl. And so one day I sat her down and I said, I just wanna let you know Michael is not straight. She said, what do you mean what have you seen? What's up? and I said, I've experienced it firsthand. He's obsessed with me. He's completely in love with me and I just needed to tell you now. So you didn't continue on this road. Obviously he was straight and just thought I was weird and thought I was like way too much, too extra. So he would look at me as I was telling these insane stories and be like, who the fuck is this? You know what I mean? He wouldn't look at me like he was obsessed with me. He would look at me like you're an alien. Go back to go back to Mars. And she told him that I told him this and now they don't speak to me 'cause they think I was like trying to steal him.


Which by the way I was, he's so hot. Okay, now I'm gonna pass. I'm so drunk. I've been hearing voices that I can't concentrate. Okay, now I'm gonna pass this to the next, to the, I'm so, so drunk. Now I'm gonna pass this to the next guest. Cheers. Hi, my name is Dana. Hi, my name is Jess and we have a pretty big confession to spill if you wanna take it away. Dana. My high school ex-boyfriend cheated on me a lot. It's true, right? I was his best friend. It's true. I can confirm When he cheated on me. Probably the fifth time I made him a grinder account. It's true. And I had to ask you for the email.


I Provided the email. Yes. So sorry. Sorry for all the men hitting you up. Hopefully it's subsided by now. And that's my confession. Cheers. We're passing this To the next guest. Hi, my name is Halle Batchelder. I'm about seven drinks in right now. And guys, I'm feeling fucking fuzzy. I'm feeling warm and I'm feeling curious. I'm not gonna lie. Okay, I'm from Boston, Massachusetts, but I live in New York right now. My current relationship status is single. So single. Kind of sad. Honestly the fall was gonna be really lonely. I whatever. Okay, my confession is last week I went on a first date and honestly we had oysters as the appetizer. So I'm gonna like blame the oysters 'cause it's like an aphrodisiac.


He fucked me in the ass. I'm not gonna lie. and I liked it. I hope they put this in. Have I ever fucked multiple people in one night? There's so many answers to this question, yes is the immediate answer. But I mean like are we talking about threesome production? Wait, in college there was one night, so I was on like the basement floor of my building. That's where I lived. I used to like fuck this guy that lived in the basement, but I also fucked this guy living on the third floor. And. like they were friends in the same frat. They found out about each other. I'm just a girl, guys, I don't know Like don don't know what to do. Like, like they were both hot. Like what? Like am I say? No, I don't know how to say no. I'm working on it. And wait, there was one time where the guy on the third floor came down to the basement and walked in on me and the guy in the basement and then that's when the whole thing was debunked.


It was bad. It was bad for my brand but also good for the brand at the time. Have I ever dabbled with the sugar daddy? I don't know if he was daddy status. He was like, I mean he was like probably 13 years older than me, but he used to spend like a daddy. Honestly I don't need men for their money. Like I come from money. So like it like doesn't bother me. So like when guys like think I need them for their fucking bag, I'm like get be fucking free for a second. I don't need your fucking pockets. He was probably 36. I was 23, which to me was a daddy. But he used to go out to a restaurant, we'd get drinks, say it was like two margaritas. He would always be like, should I tip a thou?


Should I tip a thou? And I'd be like, yes, tip a thou and then fuck me sideways. Okay. I have a funny story actually about the sugar Daddy. So he was in London one night and he FaceTimed me. He had ghosted me for like three weeks. So he finally picked up the phone and I was like, okay, hi. I'm thinking about getting my boobs done. And he was like, I'll pay for them whatever, I'll Venmo you. So him and his best friend Venmo me for my tits. They like both think they own my tits. Little did they know my dad and my mom was like, if you pass your real estate licensing exam, like I had no job at this point. So like if you pass your real estate license, you get it. Like we'll pay for that surgery, passed it in two weeks and then I pocketed the money that that guy gave me and then had amazing rack after that.


Wait, when I was 15 my mom walked in on me getting fucked in the ass on a pullout bed in Aruba. Is that real? Can I see that? Hold on. Trauma. And that's the tea. Don't cut that honestly. So the weirdest thing anyone's asked me to do in bed, he didn't even ask me honestly. He really wanted to have a threesome with me. I was like, okay, like I'm down. Like I've had threesomes before. Like I would do it. This man was fucking me. And then he put on porn on the Sonos surround sound. So it sounded like 19 bitches were in the room. Like not even surround sound. Justin is like specific bedroom. Like he was like living in a share house at the time. So like with like four other guys, this surround sound was like in every room of the fucking house, in the bathroom, in the living room, in the kitchen.


Like people were like cooking, baking, like you would hear porn. That's probably the weirdest thing that anyone's I've let anyone do in the bedroom. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by eBay. This is what you do when you have high standards and fancy all the fancy things like a Dior saddle bag or that diamond tennis bracelet. You go to eBay there you'll find new loves that will never disappoint expertly authenticated. Whether it's that vintage pearl necklace or brand new ruby earrings, a PR cross body bag or classic watches like that Rolex oyster or that Cartier tank on eBay. There are no limits to your high standards. Yeah, eBay, the place for new pre loved, vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. Hi daddy Yang. Do you ever feel like there are just too many apps for too many things? I know I do. I sometimes wanna chuck my phone into a river. Never look back. The apps just take up so much space on your phone and it is hard to keep the name straight. It's like how are we organizing all this? What are we doing? Well there is one trusted name that you already know that can help you do the work of several different apps. Experian, the Experian app can help you cancel unwanted subscriptions, look for car insurance and check your FICO score and credit report all in one place. You can also compare credit cards and loans, save time and money by letting their experts negotiate your bills to get you the best price. Experian the one stop shop for your financial health. Download the Experian app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed and some may not see any savings. Checking your match credit cards will not hurt your credit score. State restrictions apply. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation. Eligible paid membership required.


Gimme this sign. I texted You and I like do you have a good sign? Thank do. And I literally texted. I'm like, where are you Halle? I missed you. I couldn't be out there without you. Hello, I'm Maria Georges. Yes, that's about it. What is your most embarrassing sexual mishap? What the fuck does that even mean? Like I don't, I don't even get the question mishap. Like, did you fall off the bed? Oh, did you get like a black eye? Swear to God, I've never back flipped where I didn't catch myself. Well I Just had surgery last week. 'cause sexual injury. Do Tell I was having sex with this guy And. like I also just got my veneers done. So my mouth is like a traumatic place right now. So this guy bit down my lip And like you have like a bunch of saliva glands in your lip that produce saliva.


Yeah, he fully collapsed the gland. So like my mouth was producing saliva but I had know where to go. So I was like pooling. Wait what? 'cause he bit you so hard. Yeah. That you've had surgery. Yeah. So what'd you do with the guy? I think he's coming tonight. No. Have any of your friends ever tried to steal a guy you were talking to? They wouldn't even try to do that. Yeah, I actually have a fucking story about this and I never thought I would tell this story. No, this actually pisses me off. It brings me back to a dark place. Listen to this. You ready for this? So my ex fucking cheats on me, right? and I break up with his ass. How Tall was he? Fucking fucking five 10. Yeah, that's My point. But yeah, no, he, he cheated on me, blah blah blah. But he was known in Toronto. Oh fuck, here we go again. The fucking poor guy is going to get shit on for Call, Her, Daddy and now shit on for this fucking shit.


He basically made a video with the girl that he cheated with. Then this girl comes up to me and she's like, oh my God, I knew you from your ex. Like I love you. Like I was like supporting me and being like, you're, you know, you're so much better than him. Blah blah blah. Let's go out, have drinks. We go out, have drinks. We became friends. She's co you know, confessing her shit about her ex And. like I'm helping her through her breakup. Is she hot? She's not bad. Oh Fuck no bitch. I listen, I call spade a spade. I think all Is beautiful Spade. But I'm not gonna say the bitch's ugly. She's not. No, but she's, you know, opening up to me about like how I'm this amazing girl and you know, she wants to confide in me about her ex. You're, yeah. Oh you are. And turns out then, okay ready this. Are you guys ready for this actually kind of fucked up production.


Are you ready? She reaches out to me, she goes, I'm going on a trip but I wanna let you know. She literally calls me. She goes, I wanna let you know, I heard that your ex might be on this trip, but like, not with us, but he might be there and we might actually hang out 'cause all friends are mutual friends. I go, okay, go off sis. Go get some free fucking drinks. I don't give a shit like go off like, like use him for what he's worth. Turns out it was a fucking double date trip. She was planned to be there to meet my ex to go on a fucking date. No, it was a fucking double date trip. It was just her, her friend who was, who was dating the my ex's friend. And then she was there to meet my ex, to be on a double date trip with him. I fucking, if you guys saw the texts Sent, no, we have to kill our whole family.


I said She pleaded for forgiveness and I said you, you confided in me about your ex and I was there for you and you're out here on a trip. Fucking mine. Fuck you. What? Fuck him actually fucked. Like she needs to be both of you. 50. What? I could never do that to someone that I hated. Imagine someone that you actually like. There's Just like too much dick out there for like their be like girls, like haw girls arguing over like, Do you want wanna hear something funny? Okay. But then I heard a story that, so apparently my ex farted in the bed with her and she cried and was like, why would you fart? And he's like, bro, I'm just fucking farting. What the fuck? And apparently we fought over a fart. I swear to God bro, I wish I was making this shit up.


This is what I thought I wish too. This is what I heard about what their fights were about. About farting. Anyways, I wish I could make this up. I wish, I wish this was a joke. 'cause now I sound like an idiot For a guy for me dating a guy who farts and meth, he is Five 10. That's like, we have to go back to that. We'll just have a moment of silence for Halle and Maria the duo, we didn't know we needed the duo that maybe together they could ruin li. Well, they're already ruining lives in a beautiful way separately. So coming together, it's like men be fucking terrified when they're together. I love them so much. We had truly the best time partying together. That was overall just like a wild watching experience and seeing it all back.


I'm not gonna lie, I was a part of some of them as you saw, but a lot of these confessionals, like I wasn't in the room for like Kiara's JC Penney story. I will never drive past another department store specifically. Wait, is JC Penney even still in business? I don't know. Regardless, Kira, you're a living legend and I love you. So casual queen Leah just like, yeah. So my first date is at a Coachella thing with a performer, casual. We're all jealous of you. I love you Miguel. He's top tier comedy. So thank you for showing up Miguel and giving us a fabulous story that was phenomenal. Also, Leah and Miguel, you guys are so fucking cute. Watching you all weekend.


I was like, keep doing what you're doing sweetie. Can we talk about Noah 10 for a second? Coming out of the woodwork, coming to an unwell event. I saw all of your comments in my dms being like, where has he been? He's home. He was on Call Her Daddy this week. And we love you Noah, thank you for coming on. Owen. Owen, my friend. Owen, let me just say I had the best time with you and your boyfriend this weekend, but I am so fucking jealous of you, you being the nosy, beautiful sleuth that you are. I would do the same thing if I had my ex's passwords. Okay? And so we're all jealous of you. Love you and Daddy Gang coming in hot, popping in for a little Call Her Daddy episode. This was truly so fun to relive and I'm so happy that we tried this new format.


I'm obsessed with reality tv so I thought it was fun and I'm happy that I got to, I'm happy I got to share a little taste of this party with you guys. Summer is officially coming to an end and I really wouldn't have wanted to close out any other way and with any other people. So with that said, I guess I will leave you with this. I wonder where the next unwell event will be. Stay tuned and maybe I'll see you there. See you fuckers next Wednesday. Love you. Bye.