
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. You ever see someone on Tinder that takes your breath away? Take my breath away. Now with Tinder's first impressions, you can send a message to help stand out before you match. Try gassing up their hottest take bond with them over a weirdly specific obsession or hit them with a joke they have to respond to. Try Tinder's first impressions feature and explore all of the possibilities for yourself. Tinder it starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Neutrogena. Summer is here and the sun is shining. You need powerful sun protection that feels light on your skin Meat Neutrogena ultra sheer sunscreen. Daddy Gang. This SPF 70 lotion absorbs fast with a smooth dry touch finish so you'll forget that you are even wearing it. It blocks 97% of burning UV rays and is water resistance for up to 80 minutes. Lightweight, effective and perfect for sunny days. It is just what your summer needs. Neutrogena ultra sheer sunscreen you can't feel. Shop now at Target.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Sofi. The next gen finance app Daddy Gang. Managing your finances is so important and Sofi can help. Sofi just launched Sofi Plus America's most rewarding financial membership all in one app. With Sofi Plus, you can unlock $1,000 plus in value across banking, investing, spending and more available for $10 a month or at no cost with direct deposit. Power up your money with Sofi Plus at Sofi dot com slash Call Her Daddy.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father Alex Cooper With Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy Tricia pdis. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. I'm so excited Daddy Gang. We're gonna be really honest with you right now. We were just recording for a solid 10 minutes. We were cruising down the freeway, we were thriving and then we realized it wasn't recording And it was gold. That 10 minutes were gold and we can't recreate it. You're like, pretend we didn't do any of that. I'm like, ah, I can't recreate that gold. Everything was going amazing. So if you guys feel like we're a little on edge here and ready, like ready to end it all, it's because we are okay. I was saying to you Tricia, yes, congratulations. You just announced your second child.


Thank you. Tell me how you're feeling Again, I feel very excited from the beginning. I'm like, did we go through everything we just said? Yeah, I think Where did the names come from? I always love all this Malibu. Before the movies came out from 10, I'm a middle child, older sister, brother, younger sister. You're the baby before you close with brother, sister, you're like, I'm gonna get in trouble. And that's when I cut You guys. We literally went through, okay, no, we are doing it again. How are you feeling? Talk to me about all the food that you can eat because you're pregnant. Oh, I just feel, oh yeah, that's what we were saying. Yeah. It's like, see now I forgot already. Yeah, I just feel like usually I do eat what I want but I feel guilty about it now I just eat what I want and don't feel guilty. 'cause you know you're like growing a baby, so You're growing a baby. You're allowed to just like shove food into your mouth and no one can get mad at you or judge you.


Yes. It's like, fuck off, I'm pregnant. Leave alone. Yeah. And most, I don't care what other people think. It's usually what I think. So it's usually like, oh no, I don't feel bad. Now I'm like, oh, I'm not judging myself and I can sleep all that I want. Usually I like, I gotta be busy, I gotta do, but now I just take naps and I don't even feel any guilt. I love it. Oh you're napping and you're eating. Yeah, it's the best. I'm so happy For you. That's why I love being pregnant. You said you Want more than two. Well we thought two. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. We don't have two yet. One is very difficult. Right In my head. I'm thinking like four, you know. 'cause we were talking about how three is like hard, so I was like it's two or four. Okay. I know I already asked you this, but just to set the scene for people, where did you grow Up? I would split my time between Illinois and California. My dad was in California and my mom was in Illinois. So I went back and forth a lot. I quit school a lot to like be homeschooled and stuff and then I'd go back into school.


Like I was constantly doing that 'cause I loved, I loved like the lifestyle here in California with my dad. But you know, my mom is what I used to and like we lived in a town of like a thousand people back in Illinois. So it was like two extremes. Yeah. Oh Wow. Wait, were you closer with your mom or your dad? I mean, definitely my mom. Yeah. Like my dad. I saw like the summers, you know what I mean? Yeah. But my dad, I think in that though, I thought my dad was so cool 'cause he was like in California and I was like, even though like obviously he was the worser of the parents, my mom literally raised us. I always felt bad saying like my dad was the best. I feel like that happens so much when you come from divorced parents. The one that's like the cooler one is actually just the one that never had to like instill any boundaries or like tell you like you're grounded because you did this. Yeah.


Or like just was not the one parenting as much. Oh yeah. Never. And then you grow up and you're like, oh Yeah Dad, maybe not as fabulous as mom. Putting in all the work. All the work. My mom worked four jobs, bus driver, bartender, all this stuff like that. And I'm like, I love my dad more. It was like so weird. But yeah, especially at the wedding, we had a wedding and like my dad walks us down the aisle and gives a speech and my moms don't get anything at the wedding and they do all the work. I kind of felt bad. That's such A good point. Yeah. And my mom still helps us out. She's like watching our daughter right now and


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Nike. Nike has just launched the new 24 7 collection. Nike knows that athletes need to perform and they wanna look good too. This is a new head to toe apparel collection created with performance innovation that delivers tailored all day comfort for a busy life on the go. Think elevated travel, wear a casual date night from the gym to a meeting for women and men. If you know me, you know I love this kind of clothing. Okay, I wanna look comfortable, but I also wanna be able to wear it to the airport and to a meeting. Okay. I am obsessed with their impossibly soft pieces for him and her. They have the joggers, they have half zip pullovers, they have crew, super luxurious, soft feels. And let me tell you guys, Matt's birthday is coming up and you best believe I am getting my husband some good old Nike from this 24 7 collection. Matt loves this stuff to work out in and he also loves it when we're just lounging around the house. They also have perfect stretch pieces for, we have the flowy pants for the women tops, pleated skirts. Super cute. And then for him they have pants and chinos. You can put them in your gym bag in a crumpled up ball. You can throw it on and you're gonna look polished to shop the complete 24 7 collection. Head to nike.com.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. I have been so into taking little weekend trips this year and when I start to get stressed at work and know I need a vacay, I open up Airbnb. Okay. Matt and I are about to go away for the weekend and I found the cutest coziest home on Airbnb for us. I need to make sure I can travel with my dogs. Henry and Bruce are not getting left behind. Okay. And Airbnb makes it so easy to find pet friendly properties on a romantic getaway. Having our own home ensures that Matt and I will have the privacy that we truly need to unwind. I feel like I'm nonstop talking all day so when I do get a break I don't wanna see or speak to anyone but my husband. Okay. I also love that Airbnb shows guest reviews. I am someone who is on the page scrolling through every single review a place has. And seeing that so many people have stayed outta home and loved the experience makes me feel secure. When I'm booking a place, no matter where I wanna drive off to on a random weekend, I'm always able to find an incredible place to stay. And if you just wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where to go yet, let Airbnb make the decision for you. They have a guest favorites tab that might inspire you and perhaps even create a new tradition. As you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip.


Can you kind of paint the picture though, like before high school, just like of your childhood. I feel like obviously so much of like who we are is from our childhood and I know you just mentioned like your mom was working for jobs. Like can you kind of just paint the picture growing up in Illinois with your mom? Yeah. We lived in like these farm towns and they were, yeah, there were less than a thousand people. We kind of moved around a little bit because, I don't know, I just never liked school. And yeah, it was just small. It was just small town. It was a farm town so everyone and my mom like was from there. So it was just like farm town. My grandparents were on a farm and there, there's just not much to it to be honest. Yeah, it's really just, it was so boring and I just, I hated it. I haven't been back since, so I think I left at 17 and I have not been back since. Oh my God.


Do you think if you landed in Illinois, like would you get triggered? Yeah, yeah, for sure. Even just going to Chicago, which is like two hours from where I live. I'm like, not Illinois. No, no. I kind of relate to that though. And I think a lot of people, especially during the holidays, like I've seen people always say like, it's triggering to go back to your hometown because one, I think we like repress so many memories. And two, it just like, it just reminds us of a version of ourselves that like if you were cool in middle school and high school, like kudos to you. But like I wasn't, I Was like, not really either. I wasn't like bullied really. I mean a little tiny bit like everybody, but I wasn't cool either, so I was just, I was just neutral. Just everywhere. Yeah, just Kind of neutral. What did you wanna be when you were growing up? A famous, Famous, I just wanted to be famous and this was before like reality TV, so I was like, I need to be a singer or an actress.


Stop. But I can't do either of them. But I came out to do it because that's all You got famous back Then. So when you're sitting in Illinois, are you like, were there any like TV shows or magazines or anything that you were watching? Or like people you were like, I wanna be like that Person. I mean like Britney Spears of course. Did You tell people in your town you wanted to be famous? Yeah, I was mostly, I was voted most likely to be famous in one of, and I think two of my yearbooks I was most likely to be famous. Yeah. Just because I like was, I just liked attention. And like I said, I don't know, I just, I feel like I always stood up, you know? I feel like you just kind of know if you have like a little it factor, you know? So I knew I had something but I was like, it wasn't talent so I was like, how do I parlay This going back to high school? Like did you have a lot of girlfriends? No, no. I was, I was, I wouldn't say it picked me, but I definitely was like, girls are dumb.


I used to be that. I used to be the girl that like did not like girls because of that reason. 'cause I was just intimidated. I just thought, oh no guy's gonna look at me if I'm in a room of girl. I just was not a girl's girl. Like it took me a while. Now I'm only a girl's girl and like can't stand like men. But it took me a while. I definitely was insecure. I never wanted to be around girls, you know what I mean? I just, I think I was always a girl hater, especially just like, I just never felt good enough. I never felt skinny enough pretty enough. I never had boyfriends until I was like 30. So, yeah, No, I think that's relatable though of like when, especially when we're younger, like we're constantly comparing ourselves in rooms because at that age it's also like what guy likes what girl? And if you're not getting picked then you feel like a loser. Yeah. And you feel like, fuck like I wish I looked like them.


And then it's just this comparing game that you can never win. Definitely. So it's hard to, like I had that a lot where I, like my best friend was like the gorgeous one and I was always like, I love you so much, but like, fuck me. Yeah. Don't be around me. Right. Like, can you move a little to the fucking right. Yeah. Because you look too good in parties and I'd be like, I'm literally never gonna get chosen if you are sitting next to me. Yeah, that's, and it's hard with girls. Yeah. But it's like, now I look back and I'm like, oh my God. It wasn't actually about us competing with each other. It was about the men that we were trying to like appease their standards and it had nothing to do with the girls, like liking each other. Not, it was all based off of if guys like us, Of course with everything, with acting, with anything, it's just like, you know, it's just what they, what they approved of what they liked and it had nothing to do with you.


So dude, I know. So fucked. I wish I would've found my own lane earlier. 'cause I, and I do love pretty Girls, I'm like, I actually like am obsessed with pretty girls. I just like was just too scared to be around them. No, it is intimidating. Yeah. Like I agree. Like you and, and also it's hard to not be envious of like, yeah, I wish I had what you have and like I wish I was you. But at the end of the day, once you get to know those people, a lot of times they've got their own shit. Oh For sure. Like They're not perfect either. Oh no, for sure. I was always envious of you. I was very envious of you. I remember like when I, I think it was like 2019, 2018, you girls were on Impulsive and I remember being like, and I didn't know anything about podcasts. I didn't know how people got podcasts and I remember just being so jealous. I was like, wow, they have a job where they're just like talking and talking about sex. I was like, I could do that. That could be me. And I was like, how did they get this?


And you girls were so much younger. I was like so jealous. And then obviously when you got your Spotify deal I was just like, oh my god. You know, I was, I was that person who was so jealous. So Dude, it's so funny Tricia, because I remember just like watching you on YouTube so often. Really and I would be so jealous of you because before I started my career I'm like, I wish I had Tricia's platform. I wish I could like sit on YouTube and like do what she does. That's Crazy. 'cause I was like alone and crying all the time. Like I wish I could be that person. Dude That is so crazy that we're both like, oh I was jealous of you. Oh for sure. I definitely was. I definitely was just like, I don't get Call Her Daddy. I definitely was. So when I did this I was like, all I know is that clip is gonna be resurfacing. So let me just go ahead and say it. It's So funny because I had one of my really good friends now, she went on a podcast at one point and was like, I don't get the Call Her Daddy girl shtick.


It's so fucking dumb. Why are they acting like that? They're like acting like little whores. Like I, I am the first person. And yeah, I think that we can talk about that too with your career of like by having a career on the internet, you just say so much stuff. And half of the time in the beginning days I felt like I also said stuff that I regret. And I remember in those OG days, back in the day with my old co-host, like we, when we started to get desperate for views, we would like say stuff about celebrities and I'm so deeply embarrassed Yeah. That we said those things. But I know it wasn't coming from a place of like actually being like mean girls. It was, I know from my POV it was genuinely just like, how do we stir it up? Yeah. And if you can teeter this line that's so unhealthy and you just become like, how do we get more?


How do we get more? Oh yeah. And I'm like, why did I say that? So if that clip s serves, I wouldn't give a fuck. And I was like, literally wouldn't Tricia, because yeah, I, first of all, you didn't know me. Yeah. You had never met me. I was just jealous a hundred percent. 'cause honestly, as soon as they called for this, like literally like my management from Canada flew in, they're like, this is, I'm like, yes, this is the biggest thing. You know what I mean? So I think, but I really try in the past, especially since being 30, I really try now to really just not hate on girls. Even if like everyone's dating on 'em. I really try to find, like even with Jada Pink, I'm like, I try to find like the good side of this. I'm like, you know, she dealt through a lot, now she can. So I try to, I try to keep it positive with every girl, you know? I agree. You're right. I think what we can both understand is like being in the media, a lot of times when we do the stupidest shit is when we're hurting The most.


And so trying to find like any type of empathy for anyone, when you see someone like acting out, it's like, well what the hell are they going through? There's still people that like, I can like, oh I just can't find the silver lining. But I just go, I scroll past now. I don't like to say anything. I'm like, lemme just, if you have nothing nice to say, don't say at all. So I, I feel like I've matured a lot and like I don't really like hate on girls. Yeah. But if there is a girl that annoys you and there is like I just annoy some people just, you know, I just keep it going. It just makes you look bad. Like I just looked so bad. Like you said, I just looked so bad talking like so much crap about people. But I really can tell you like it came always from a place of like jealousy always. Like I used to talk about like the Emilios when they were like 18 and 16 and I was just like, I was so jealous that I wasn't me but I was like 30 years old being like, oh my god you're spiting out a snail. How ungrateful, like you know, they're 18. No, but I also think that comes from a place too of like people on the internet.


Then probably like writing to you being like saying mean things about like I get it now, like relevancy or like age as a woman and it's like as a woman, if you're past the age of 21, you're like old as fuck. Oh yeah. And you're outdated. And so naturally that's gonna cause resentment of us feeling like when you see younger girls. Yeah. But really we shouldn't be mad at younger girls. We should be mad at society. Of course. And mainly men. Yes. Being the ones that tell us like after a certain age you're not valued anymore. It's a thousand percent true. It's like Right fuck off. Right. Exactly. Fuck You. I love It. I No, it's true. It's True. I wanna talk about you going to la So you graduate high school and I remember reading like the day after you moved to LA Yeah.


Like literally the day of. Yeah. What Was your plan and what was your job when you got to la? Well I initially moved with my dad. Okay. So that was the first thing I like lasted about. He wanted me to go to college. So I went to like two weeks of like community college. It did not work out because I never had a math class in my life in high school. So I took like a pre-algebra and I like, I had no idea what was going on. So I was like, I drop out. And so yeah, I got on a TV show right away though. I got on a show called the Greg Barrett Show. It was like filmed at Culver Studios. It was like syndication show. It was like a talk show. And so I did like 10 episodes of that. I was in s after, so I was getting like, you know, $1,700 an episode, which was like so much. It was great. And then I got another show with Stanley called, who Wants to be a Superhero. It was on sci-fi. So I was like crushing it. That was like 18 and then like 19 hit. And then I kind of like who I had no money, nothing.


And then that's when I did the whole stripping, escorting, well I wouldn't even say escort, I was like a hooker on the street. But I like to say escorting. It sounds like fancier. Trisha slow down. Yeah. Hold on. Trisha's like, I can go, I live out fast. You can talk you like I can go through my entire life story. I'm like Tricia, we need to like get an hour. I'm like 18 And I'm like, we gotta get to 35. Okay, first of all, I am dying at your math comment because I was so fucking bad at math. Shout out to Oscar. He was this kid in my math class that he would, I would sit next to Oscar and I would pretend I'm writing my whole math class do, doing nothing. Then when Oscar was done his, he would hand me his test and I would hand him my test and he would take my test for me. Oh my gosh. And he would like even like change like his writing to be more girly.


Wait what? And then Oscar would hand me back my test and I would go hand it in and I'm like, Oscar, I knew he was like going to Harvard or something and I was just like not meant for math. And I just knew like there is, there is gonna be a phone for a reason that has a calculator. Yeah. I don't need to know like the square root of things you Manifested or you knew there was already cell phones back then there. We didn't have cell phones in high school. So I don't know. We did have cell phones. Okay, okay. But you know what, I just like manifested this is gonna happen. One day I was like, wow, you made the iPhone happen. Honestly, I absolutely will take credit for that. I'm did, yes. I absolutely made the iPhone happen for sure 100%. And then I, no, I was like, I just knew I didn't need math in my fucking life.


'cause I knew I wanted to be enter entertainment. Did you ever cheat in school? No, I've never had friends. So like my friends were literally, like I said, I was just like hitting up like celebrities just trying to be like, hey. But I've never had friends in school, never had friends. Now I'm just not a friend person. I don't know. Okay. But I'm really trying out with my daughter. I really am like being, trying to be as social as possible. Okay. Like we're going to birthday parties for her because I just don't want her to grow up like that with like, no, I don't really mind. It doesn't make me sad 'cause I don't know any different. Yeah. And also I'm just like not a great friend 'cause I'm not someone to like hang out with all the time. I've just never been that person. So, but I'm trying out for my daughter, like we gotta make her friends, make sure she's social and yeah. Okay. Let's talk about you saying so casually when you're talking to dispatch, you're like, okay. And then I gonna, That's too, I love it. You said you have an hour. So I was like, let's get it in an hour. Our podcast was like three and a half hours.


So I'm like, I gotta get it all in. No, I was more saying, Tricia, we need to at least get to an hour. You're gonna talk about your whole life story in 30 seconds. You're like, okay then. I Know. I know. Okay. So you got finally after like you were in LA for a second, you were having some success and then you just casually were like, and then I became a stripper and an escorp, but not really what Happened. Yeah, yeah. So I just had like no money. I was just like running outta money. My mom like was helping me as much as she could. And then she kinda ran outta money. I like maxed out her cards and stuff. So we all ran outta money. She had a husband at the time, so she was like living with him and she was like, fine. But my dad was not in the picture at all. Like he hated that I moved out, like cut me off completely. So I had like no help, no money. And so I didn't know what to do. I didn't like, I wasn't educated like, you know, I didn't have college degree so I had no idea.


I, I tried to do like the regular jobs, you know, like making smoothies and stuff. But that was just like, ugh, not for me either. And I just, you know, loved the stripper life as like in movies. Like I loved it. I thought it was like so glamorous. So I was like, this is gonna be for me. But like my stripper life was not glamorous. I was like literally at like canoga park. Like Vannas, like godfathers. It was like super sketchy. I wanted to be at Spearmint Rhino, but that was like the bougie pretty girls with the fake boobs already. I was in like, I don't know if you know godfathers, it's just like sketchy. So yeah, I had a stripper life and then, yeah, then I just, you know, I think casually then you just start, 'cause like Veda there is like a bunch of hookers. Like, so I just casually started like going on the street because you just get more money that way. Don't put up with the club and stuff like that. But I was like, I was kinda like outta my mind there.


I would never, I don't consider myself like an addict, but I definitely was using a lot back then. Okay. Okay. Can I ask what you were using back then? It was just like, I did a lot of coke. I did a lot of like, I didn't do meth until like 2019. But I did do stuff that I didn't know. Maybe it was like, you know the ones where you snort, it's like rocks. I don't know if that's meth. I don't know what it was. Oh. But I was like snorting rocks. Yeah. I literally didn't know what any of the drugs were. I just know I did a lot of, everything was snorting. Okay. And one was like really rocks. Like it was just like hurt my nose all the time like that. And so I was just, yeah, I was just doing a lot of that stuff. I was just like outta my mind honestly, whatever people gave me. And at 18 and 19 you're just kind of like, don't care, you know? I didn't care. I was like, I don't really care where my life goes. When you said your dad cut you off, like what happened?


Oh, just 'cause like, I didn't wanna do school and he's just like, I'm, I'm not gonna support you. And yeah. I mean you were On your own. Yeah. So I was like, okay. Were you scared at all whenever you were stripping? Like were there any moments where you like got into situations where you're like, I am like a little scared? Oh yeah. I feel like all of it, like going home without guys all the time. Yeah. Like it's crazy that like I'm alive. It all scared me I guess at the time you just didn't get scared because you don't think about it. Right? No, I, I get that. I think it's like when you almost like can get into something that you just kind of fall into and then you can almost just like keep going down that rabbit hole and you almost don't know when like to stop. Yeah. Or when to like check yourself. 'cause again, you're right at that age.


Like if you don't have someone like that's apparent being like, stop it. You kind of can just start to go wild. Oh yeah. And like not know like what is bad, what is good. And I'm finding myself and I'm figuring myself out. And if you didn't have friends, like you kind of had no one probably to compare yourself to no one. Yeah. Like my friends aren't doing this. Had you ever done drugs before you went to la? No. No. I was super good. I never drank. Like I just didn't, I wasn't having like sex in high school or something like that. 'cause I just never, I never was that person. Yeah. I don't know. So maybe I just thought like, LA be wild. You know what I mean? I thought, and again, I think being insecure, I just was like, you thought like having sex meant like you're so attractive. Like everybody wants you, you know? Right. And you get paid for it. Like that's actually insane to like, to me I was like, oh my gosh. Like people are gonna pay me to have sex with them.


That's wild. You're right though. I, I can see what you're saying of like going from like being in a position where you're like, oh, like I wanted to be liked by these men and then to get this profession where like they all love you. Yeah. Yeah. And they're all paying attention to you. But then I can imagine like the drugs probably made you get into situations. Yeah. Like could, could you share any stories of just like situations you got into that you woke up and you're like, why did this happen? Oh my gosh. I mean honestly a lot of them that I like blacked out. I mean really just, I mean I've been kidnapped a bunch of times where it's just like you wake up in like a truck and the truck's moving and stuff like that. Wait, yeah. Tricia. Yeah. Pause. Sorry. What? Yeah, I got kidnapped. Well I guess, I dunno if it's Kidnapping if you're over 18, but I was 19. So I think Tricia, I've been abducted, I guess It's Kidnapping no matter if you're 45.


Wait Or 50. Yes. I could be kidnapped at 35. Yes. Oh, okay. We, we, yeah, I was, yeah. Can you walk me? But it's like, it's in the sense where it's like, I don't know where I'm at. Like I go with somebody and all of a sudden you wake up, you're like, oh, in someone's truck and stuff like that. At One point you're, you woke up in the back of A truck, I mean, multiple times. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Yeah. It's crazy. There's like, and you know, back then again you don't think in that, but you're like, well I went with this person willingly. So, and then, yeah, you just don't think about stuff like that. When you would wake up in the back of those trucks, like what did you do? You kind of just don't do anything. Well, you know, you're like coming off of drugs so you kind of just like let things happen. You're just like, oh. And then they like let you off or something like that. So you kind of just, and you don't, again, I just, I didn't think of it like anything.


I hear people talk about their stories and for me it just, like, I say it casually 'cause it's, to me it almost seems casual. Like it almost seems like, oh well that's what I was doing. I guess even if I didn't want it or like someone like, you know, brought me with them. Like it's kind of a, I don't know. And I'm like, well this is the life I chose, you know, which is like such a weird way to think. And of course anybody else in this situation, I'd be like, oh my God, that's so awful. But for me, I just thought, well this is what I chose. But I think also there's a level of like at some point you kind of have to just like disconnect from it. Because a lot of that, like for any woman listening like that is I'm sitting here being like, sorry you woke up in the back of the truck. Like, that's so scary. Yeah. I do think obviously when you're on drugs though, everything can become way less intimidating because you, your senses are like not heightened whatsoever.


You're just like kind of in a sedated state. Yeah. So like you can't really, you don't have the ability to like make maybe the decisions you would make when you're sober. Oh, for sure. But when you look back at yourself in those situations, like how do you feel? It's almost like I just don't even know that life. Yeah. You know, it's kinda like my high school life. I don't know that life, I don't know. Like there's so many stages I look back on and I'm like, oh I don't even like recognize like I remember it. But some of it I don't even like recognize, you know what I mean? Because I was just so, such a different person and it almost, it almost seems like I'm telling a story, you know what I mean? Like it's almost doesn't seem like my life. It's almost like this is a story about this girl. But like it like, you know, and I, it took me a while. I didn't go to therapy for like a really long time. And even in therapy now, I like don't talk about it 'cause it's just like, it's not trauma to me.


You know? Yeah. Stuff that happened to me as a kid too, I'm just like, oh, it's not trauma. Even though like it is, yeah. It's just like, I don't know, I don't like, it's like it's not something I'm like uncomfortable talking about what was like therapy. I like don't get deep into it because I'm like, it's fine. And they're like, no it's not. But I'm like, to me it's fine. Like, you know, it doesn't, I don't think it affected me but they're saying it does. And it probably did. 'cause I mean I am kind of, I was messed up for a long time so. Well, yeah, I think a lot of the time it's like the body keeps things in but like if you've done such a good do job of essentially like dissociating from it. Yeah. Like I get what you're saying, like you're telling the story but you don't personally feel that affected by it right now. 'cause you have survived through it and you're like, I don't really like connect to that person anymore. Yeah. Which I think is how a lot of people survive.


And I think there's also like a stigma where people, which I completely understand when people would look at you being like, well you have to figure it out. You have to solve it. I think that there's a lot of people that don't wanna go and relive some things. And I think that's okay. Obviously if it's like significantly affecting your life to this day where like you're having, like whether you're feeling like if you're having sex, you are getting triggered. Oh yeah. Or you're having P ts D or flashbacks. Like that's usually when to like open it back up. But like Definitely, yeah. I think everyone has to figure it out on their own time. Yeah. I've definitely had that. I've definitely had that where I had to like talk to someone. 'cause it was like if someone like touched me like I was, you know, it's like yeah. Just dealing with all that stuff. So I've definitely dealt with that for sure. But yeah. Yeah. I'm curious like going through that with men and like being in positions where obviously I'm sure like you've kind of alluded like there's taken like taking advantage moments.


Like how did you kinda like rebuild your relationship to men? I think I just like always hated men and I feel like I'm still kind of there. Especially like giving birth. I've just had like such bad experiences with men. Like not understanding postpartum. Like just so I just, and I just, all my life is just like any type of men I've just like, I don't know. I feel like I wanted their like validation. Yeah. And they were all awful. So I feel like I have still such a strong hatred. I think there's anything to fix. It's like maybe my hatred towards men. Yeah. And like, it's like it's not even just like me being this feminist men suck, you know? Yeah. It's just like I really dislike them and when I like have to talk to a straight, like this year I really made a conscious effort to do only female podcasts. Like I like don't wanna talk to like men. Like I don't know what it is.


And it's like that's obviously not right either. You wanna like be equal and like, you know, not hate men, but Yeah. No, but I get what you're saying. I think like when you've been like fucked over or wronged by men or even just as simple as like they don't understand women and there are some men that when you're actually looking at them in the eyes, you're like, oh, you don't get what I'm talking about. No, you don't get what I'm like even trying to say to you. And that can be so infuriating and it's not worth our time sometimes. Yeah. Like it's not our job to educate men on why we should be treated equally to them or why we should like have respect. Yeah. Like If you're talking, so there are some men that are great, like your husband Course. Yeah. Seems great. But like overall, I get what you're saying of like the trauma of having men fail you so many times. Yeah.


In your life. Why would you like them? Yeah. And that's how I feel. And you're right, there are, there are like my husband's like amazing. Yeah. And I have like a friend that has like an amazing husband too and it's like there are some good ones. But then you hear on TikTok so many horror stories of men that don't wanna change diapers or they don't wanna like be planned the wedding or they like just constantly totally like, like that to me is like so, and I hear it all the time. I'm like, God, that's so like triggering. I'm just like, you know what I mean? Just the way they treat women. It just makes me so upset. I don't know, it's So fucked up. And then to see like how many wom men then wanna have like a say on what women do with their bodies. Oh wow. That's a whole other that just, yeah girl. That's what I'm saying with like postpartum or hormones when you're pregnant, all the stuff, you know, all the abortion stuff. And so it's just like, it's infuriating, right? That like men have a say period. And I just feel like men should not have a say ever about anything.


Like ever. Just don't say anything. Like giving birth, giving after like after I gave birth, I had so many guys online like criticize me for taking fentanyl, for having a C-section because I was, you know, I had an addiction to like drugs at one point and like, oh well she said she never took drugs but she's fentanyl for a C-section. I'm like, they they make you 'cause they're cutting you open. Right? Like I don't get the choice not to really. So yeah. And so I think all that really made me hate men even more. Yeah. And straight and gay 'cause you know what I mean? Like they both kind of don't get sometimes. So I was like, ugh. So even I had like a hairdresser and I just like, I had all this, now it's like, okay, now I'm letting gay men back into my life for, but like the straight men is still hard for me. You know what I mean? And it's, it's one thing and I think 'cause I'm married now, I don't even really need them as I used to think I needed them in the past. It's like dating and stuff when You're in the dating world.


Like, I'm sorry, but like yeah, I get it. Women are always gonna try to like look cute for the date and look this way and talk this way. Like there are little things we always do because we still live in a man's world. Oh yeah. So it's like we have to be delicate with how we unravel it. But once you're in a healthy, safe relationship, it's kind of nice. You're right to be like, I now don't need men. Men Need Anything and, and if I'm gonna interact with men, it's gonna be on my turn. Yeah. It's the best. It's the best feeling. Love it. It's just so great. And I'm like, I don't care if I'm skinny enough. I don't care if I'm, if there's a prettier girl in the room to me, like none of it matters. You know? So it's just like, it's so freeing. It's so wonderful. Like you said, if you're in a good relationship, the wrong relationship will make you feel the opposite. It's almost worse than being in the day. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's awful. You like, yeah, I'm Sure. I'm sure so many women, including ourselves sitting here, have been in those type of relationships where you're like, I am a shell of a human.


I was, I was better off when I was dating a bunch of assholes. But going on dates rather than being with one guy that has your claws in you, that's so like manipulative and like emotionally or physically abusive, whatever it is. Like the Worst. Calling you crazy judging what you eat, Connie, how many nuggets you eat. It's like that to me. And I thought I was like so in love and then you look back and you're just like, oh my god, this person like hated me. But I was trying so hard everything I could and I'm like, and it's happened. Yeah, it's happened. I've only been in like two relationships so it's like both my relationships are horrible. You had a man that would count how many chicken nuggets you would eat. Yeah. What The fuck on camera? No. Yeah. It's like still out there. It's like compilations of all the time. Yeah. It's like that to me is The most traumatic thing of my life. I've been kidnapped probably over 40 times, but that was The most traumatized age thinking about it.


I like disassociate right now. I'm like, oh no. I like get scared. I don't know, it's like such a weird thing. You're Like, leave me the fuck alone. Let me eat my nuggets in peace. You piece Of shit. It was, it's like, so it's actually, it's like traumatizing when I think back I'm like, oh my god. And to this day I literally had to cry the other night. Like we were eating pasta. Like something triggered me from like that relationship and I was just like, and it's so weird, like I'm so like I never think about it, whatever. But there's like this, like I was eating this pasta and I was like, oh my God. I just started like crying and I was just like, I feel like a disgusting person for eating this. And my husband is like so great. He's just like, pasta's like The most like popular food. It's in every country. Like what? Like it's totally normal for you to eat this. Right? It's like, it's like wipe your tears and eat your pasta. Trisha. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I read a study that like pasta makes you happier.


I post that on my Instagram all the time. We always see it. Yeah. I was like repost. I'm like absolutely happier. Let's go pasta every night. It's true. I we eat, I eat pasta every night. Usually I don't care. And then like, I don't know, there are days started to spiral for some reason I totally Get it. Yeah.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you just when you need it most. Yeah. We all need that. And that is what Uber is all about. It's not just a ride or dinner at your door. It's how Uber helps you show up for the moments that matter. Boom. Because showing up can turn a rough day around or make a good one even better. You're running late, you need some breakup ice cream, you need an ex texting intervention, you need some cram session snacks, you need some job firing Commiserations birthday surprise squad concert buddy duty, granny's birthday or just Taco Tuesday. Daddy Gang, you know where it's at. And it is Uber. It almost feels like, I can't remember a time where Uber wasn't in my life. There has been so many moments where I'm doing a million things a day and I feel like recently Uber has been so, so helpful for me when, oh my gosh, I'm hosting a big party and I completely forgot that I needed all of these things to be delivered to my house. But I can't leave my house because people are about to start showing up. Boom. Uber. Something I've also been doing recently is if any of my friends in LA are sick, I deliver chicken noodle soup by Uber to my friends and it's so nice to send them, you can send them their medicine and some chicken soup and all the good stuff to their door so they don't have to get out of bed. I'm Ubering to my dinners. I'm Ubering with my husband on date night. It's all a good things. And then of course I'm Ubering food to my door to enjoy myself. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way. So you can be on your way to what matters most to you. Uber on our way,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by tea I mean T-Mobile boom. Yes Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay. So kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where T-Mobile thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So Thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


When you were talking about your time in LA and like struggling with drugs, did you ever have like a rock bottom moment where you're like, I've gotta, oh my God, So many, so many. That was, that was rock bottom moment in like when I was 19. That happened. Like I literally, I live next to, his name was Christopher Dennis. He was the Hollywood Superman. There's a documentary made about him and he, he recently passed. He was so sad, but he, he found me just completely like in piss and shit, all this stuff because my, my apartment didn't even have a doorknob. It was on Yucca and Highland. There was like no doorknob. I think it's still there. It's like behind a liquor store now. And he like found me and like my dad and I hadn't talked for like two and a half years at this point and I don't know how, I don't know if he called and whatever, but my dad like showed up, took me to like Riverside Hospital.


I was in there for like three weeks in like 2007, 2008. And yeah. And then I, I kind of got a little better then my dad was trying to get me back to go to college. Did that for like six months and then I moved back out again. My mom came out. So, but that was rock bottom. And then 2019 was my rock, rock bottom 2019 was my, the meth. I was in three mental hospitals. I, that's when I was like really hardcore to meth. There was two guys that I dated who both have since passed from overdoses and yeah, I was just, I was just wild. I think I slept with probably like 200 guys that one year. Three mental hospitals, like just really beside myself. The internet. Oh my God. Everybody was making like hate videos about me. Like PewDiePie made a hate video. I was just like, oh my God.


Like what did I even do? So it was like my rock rock bottom. Wow. And which ironically I was the skinniest, so sometimes it's like I wanna be skinny. And then I was like, ooh, maybe not that 2019 was a rough Trisha. Oh my god. Wow. But that was, and that was documented that 2019, that was a rough year for Me. Because you were on YouTube at that point. Yeah, I was making like a lot of videos. There's a lot of deleted videos with the people I was with. Yeah. It just was really like crazy. Yeah. Let's talk about your OG YouTube days. Yeah. Because yes, there were some videos put out that like people considered controversial and people like tried to bring your old YouTube videos back to this day. Like you got involved in like, I feel like a good bit of drama back then.


Like when you look back at the OG YouTube days, how do you feel about them and how would you even describe them? It's like so many arrows of YouTube too. Like the OG ones were just like so great. It was like, well before you can make money on YouTube, it was just like fun. And then you start making money and then it's like, where do you find your niche? Like I said, I never felt like I had like talent, so I was like, what can I do? Oh, I can like piss people off. I can do this. So I definitely went like the trolling GR because it was like The most money I ever made without having to like strip or hook. And I was just like, this is it. You know? So yeah, I definitely had a lot of like problematic videos and just stuff that like, I ne didn't necessarily even think, I think if I was like me I could like hold stronger to like, oh I was just like younger or whatever. But it was just like stuff I'd hear other people say that were like, and I would just like repeat it and I just wanted to be shocking and you know, and I like, I totally own up to it and I look back at my videos and I'm like, well, you know, some of 'em are pretty bad.


But I try to give myself grace and forgiveness with that. 'cause I used to be really hard on myself. I'm like, I know I suck. I'm problematic. And to this day, like I don't get sponsored on my podcast. Like shout out to our Patreon, like our Patreons do it and stuff. So it's, you know, it's great. But yeah, I definitely forever have like this like mark on me on the internet of like kind of like, mm, she's a little controversial or you know, you just, people don't want you like around. But you know, it's, it's fine. Like again, I, my word of wise to people when I see people trolling now on the internet is like, just maybe don't because it'll like follow you forever. People will think of you as that forever and rightfully so. Like, you know, like those clips will always be out there and people either see the change in the growth or they don't. And I think either one you just have to like work with, you Know? Yeah. But I do think it's helpful that you're like explaining your backstory and that's why I wanted to talk to you about it today.


Yeah. Because it's like, for sure, I bet I'll get comments being like, why the fuck are you having Tricia pay this on? Always Like, what the fuck? I totally understand that. I also though think it's important, like the fact that you just said like, I could make more money doing this than stripping and hooking. It's like, okay. Like it's good to know someone's backstory. And I think when, again, when you're saying those type of things, usually the people that are saying those things, you're not in a great place. Never. Oh my god. Right. Oh, back then I just couldn't, I didn't care about me. My, I didn't think anything of the future. I was just like, I need to make money now. I'm just gonna piss people off. I don't care. I don't have friends for a reason. Never thinking like it would be a full career or anything, you know? Yeah. That's what I also think sometimes, like people feel like they're lucky 'cause they can make their fake accounts, but like, God forbid, one day all of your fake account comments and trolling and you like telling people to go kill themselves or whatever.


Oh my God. Like there are people on the internet that are so ruthless, but they don't have the balls to do it publicly. Yeah. And have their own name on it if that, God forbid you walked into work one day and all of your comments were placed on your own desk. Oh my gosh. Like, would you be fired or not? And I think it, like if you look inward. All of those people are not in a good place. Oh no. And clearly you weren't either. Yeah. And you've kind of had this like redemption arc, but like when you look back, do you think you were addicted to the drama once you started to see the money? Oh Yeah. I mean, for so long, like a good like 10, 12 years, I was so addicted. I was just so miserable. So like any attention was good attention. Money was just money. You know what I mean? So it just, yeah, it's, it's crazy.


But I did reap the matic, you know, effects of it all. So it does, like you said, even the trolls, I think it, I think it's so real. I think karma is so real. And like I've reaped all of that 10 times over, I'm sure. And still due to this day, we get a sponsor and like everyone harasses them, like, don't, so we lose at this point. I'm like, don't even give us sponsorships. 'cause I just know, like, so it's fine. Luckily I have my ways to make money, but yeah, you just, you, you reap it for a long time, so. Totally. Why do you think though, second chances are so important? Because I think People do like change. I think majority of humans evolve as human beings, especially when you get older, when you're find happiness, when you find love. Like, you mean people do change. And I think like, that's the whole point of humanity, right?


Is like the evolution of it all. Like I think our society shows that like, you know, from like us in like the sixties, you know, with like segregation stuff, you know, I think it's like just shown like obviously people are change. Like change. Yeah. So I think that's important. Otherwise you never, like never can grow and never can, like, you know. But yeah, I've had second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, so I am appreciative of all of them. Yeah. Some people don't deserve 'em, some people don't wanna give 'em to you. But I do think it's important to like, try to see people changing. Yeah. Because I think, I really think people do and can I agree. I think also it's really difficult on the internet when you have a persona that I even feel it sometimes. Like I feel like sometimes I've met people and they're like, oh my gosh, like I thought you were gonna be such a bitch.


You're gonna be this. And I'm like, oh. Like, I mean, I don't know, you can be honest, like what you thought of before you met me. Yeah. 'cause you just hear all the stuff, right? You hear all the drama and so you're just like, wow, she's a ruthless. She's this. And you know, not to say I don't judge. 'cause obviously I know, like I know how people take things, but of course you hear those things or just how, I don't know. You think someone's just gonna be arrogant or whatever? Totally. 'cause you have all this like money and you're getting, and you're pretty, so you're like, well, you just know. You know? I think you have the assumptions. Again, at this age, I don't, I'm just like, and I was, I was surprised. The energy you have is just so different than like, people would think Thank you. You know what I mean? No, I, I appreciate you saying that because I think that's the point is like, we see people online and most of the time we never get to meet these people in person. So like, oh yeah, there's a image online that people will like assume of you and it's really fucking hard to break away from that.


Yeah. And so obviously, like, I know my, my, the way that I got through it was like I know the truth and I know what happened. And I know I feel like I can go to sleep and I'm a good person and I have good people around me. And like, and if I'm good with my life off the internet, I think then I did become a better version of myself on the internet. Because it's like when all you are looking for is validation from the internet. Yeah. Which it seems like at one point that was, you didn't have friends, you were really in a dark place. Like you're gonna just say some crazy fucking shit. Shit. Yeah. And you don't give a fuck. Yeah. But I do think second chances you're right, are important. 'cause like, I'm so proud of the growth that I've had and I know you feel the same way about yourself of like, of course we've changed. Yeah. And of course now, like when you have things you care about, everything is put in perspective.


Oh my God, it's so different right now. It's like, oh, I don't wanna embarrass my husband, I don't wanna embarrass my daughter. You know? You like Yeah. So it changes everything about you. That's what I knew. Like I had to change all of it. Yeah. And it just, and I, I really do feel it and I'm like, people can see it or they don't see it. I don't care. 'cause I, I could feel better, but it does feel, especially right now that people have like seen it and it's not me saying I've changed it, you know, it just took time. You know? I think with anything like just public feuds, anything, you know, people always, you know, there's always sides that people pick without knowing the full truth. And it's just like getting through that. And it doesn't really matter at the end of the day what people think you know about it. Totally. It's like totally. Some people are gonna think, I'm this person, I'm whatever. It's Okay. Yeah. Great. As long as you know who you are. Yeah. Let's, Yeah. Okay, We're Gonna play game. I love Giant Cards. Oh my. Huge. I love them. Huge. And there's like tiny little writing.


I'm like, okay, let's play a game. Yes. I'm gonna give you a topic. Okay. And I wanna hear your opinion on it. Okay. Reusing Nudes. Oh yeah. I do it all the time. My oof is still that. It's just old Nudes from 2020 and people still, new people come in, I sell them. Oh, slay. Or just like sending you, I mean sending them too, but don't, you can tell now. I feel like you can tell by the dates now people. I don't, did you send Nudes? Were you someone who sent Nudes? Oh yes. Really? Oh, Loved to go nude. And you've never posted Nudes online? I've never posted Nudes online. I just was such a nude girl. Like, I remember I dated this guy that was obsessed with Nudes to the point where it was like very unhealthy. Oh. And he was like, Literally like every day you're sending him them. I would be at work, Tricia. I know those people.


And this man would be like, come on. Like can I get a pic? And like I was in such a bad relationship with him that like, I knew that like, if I didn't, like if it is another girl gonna send him a nude. So I would feel so insecure. So there I was at work with like my like pencil skirt on and I'd like mosey my way over to the bathroom. No. Oh, you took a brush. I thought you'd have like a library. No, No, no, no. Trust me. Wow. I, and oh my God. Like I would absolutely edit them. I would like go. I know. Literally I would like, I would be at work on the clock getting paid. What? I would go take it in like the handicapped bathroom. Sorry. Oh, it was my bigger, were bigger and like I needed my privacy. Yeah, yeah. God forbid someone walks in in the stalls and I'm like getting that ass shot. Like sure. If there's a handicap person walking, you'd give them the stalls.


Oh yeah, for sure. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. And so I would get out and I would go back to my desk and I would like look around and I would always had a girl behind me. And whenever she would go to lunch, I would pull up my nude. I would go on pick monkey and I would start like rearranging, like make the ass batter. Yeah. Everything. And then I would like send it off to him and be like, here you go. And he'd be like, so hot. So fire. And then I would save those though. And then obviously like if I was talking to another guy that day, I'd be like, Hmm, here you go. Oh my gosh, I loved a good nude. I thought that I, it almost became like an art form at one point. Right. You know, like you really get those angles. You learn how to like, make it look good. Like I loved good nude. Yeah. Like it was fun. And then, oh my God. Like I've definitely sent like some videos and like all that stuff. But I never went, I never made money off of it.


No, never Would it ever get out. No one ever posted on That view. No, because I think like, I know the amount of people that I've sent it to. Like I know those specific guys. Okay. And if they ever did like, I think they know I would try to sue them. So I think they're like too Scared. Especially now I feel like they would put you out there 'cause you're you. Right. But I'm like, yeah, but like try me. Let's go to court motherfucker. But God forbid, like I ever feel like I gotta pull out, I'm gonna bring out my, I have literally an old nude like catalog like album. Oh yeah. Like yeah, me Too. You know, you've got that MacBook that you've got it on. Yeah. And you're like, Ooh, which one should I use today? Your retirement plan. Yeah. I should change the album name from old Nudes to retirement Plan retirement. Literally. I mean, it's kind of like everyone's doing it now, but I get you, I totally get you Meeting your celebrity idols.


Have you ever, who are your idols? Tell Me everything. Oh, I love meeting celebrity Idols. Yeah. I think, I think like the bigger the idol, the nicer they are. I feel, I feel like when you want like a D-list person, they have like, you know, maybe like Tom Sandoval or something. I don't know. I don't really know him, but I just know he is all over TikTok. Like he probably won't be nice. But I've met like Quin Tarantino, Eminem the Weekend just sent me a DM and I feel like the bigger they are, the nicer they are. We, I saw you talking about this on your podcast. What? It was the DM from him. Literally. I was on a podcast like two weeks of the exact same show. And I was like, oh, I, I pay for music. And I'm like, I just bought like six of the weekend songs. And he is like, thanks for the support. Me and my team appreciate you. Like, sent me a DM. And I was like, wow. He hears that I spent $6 on his music with everything. No, they Do.


Because I, I think I saw, who did I see? I think I saw Snoop Dogg recently saying like, there were a billion streams. Oh yeah. And he made 40 K from it. No, That's wild to me. That's why I buy the music off iTunes and I still do. And they appreciate it. I mean, I was shook. I was like, oh my god. Abel's in my dms was crazy. Like literally maybe they need to start an only fans. Yeah. Like fuck. I know. He's like, babe, thanks for the $6 to like, babe, literally get on only fans. I was like, let's go. He would make bank if he was on only fans, like, fuck. Well, I mean the Idol is basically like OnlyFans. It's just him like, fucking Lily rose up. And I loved it. That's why I became a fan this year. I saw the Idol and I was like, who? That was crazy. I never get horny about anything. And like literally that show made me like crazy. Okay. Taco Bell Pass. Is this a, what are we playing? Are we doing pass or smash?


Am I rating this Taco Bell? No, I just, I love how also like, you're right, we've kind of changed the game for every single Question. What was the game originally? Oh, I wanna hear your TA opinion on, oh, okay. Okay. Got It. Taco Bell. I'm not a, I love fast food, but I'm just not a Taco Bell fan. What's your favorite fast food place? McDonald's. McDonald's? Yeah. Just because there's one close to us. I always get the nuggets. Right now they have adult Happy meals. Oh wait, I think we're boycotting McDonald's maybe. Oh, I think everyone told me we're boycotting them. We, why? Oh, I Don't know. I don't get political, but I think something has happening with them. So I'll be on a strike until the strike is over. But where Are you gonna get your nuggets? Oh Man. Baby Chick-fil-A. Oh oh. Chick-fil-A is controversial too.


We Can fuck them. I know. They don't support the gays. Oh no. A lot of my gay friends love Chick-fil-A, so I go with them. Fuck. Everything's controversial. That's interesting. If you go to Chick-fil-A with one of your gay friends, I think it's fine. Then it cancels it out. I think so. They love it. So Chick-fil-A My, I love fast food, but they're all problematic. They are. Okay, so McDonald's first then Chick-fil-A. Do you like Wendy's? I love Wendy's. Spicy Nugget. I'm just a nugget person. Nugget. So I only get nuggets at all these places. What do you dip it into? Yeah. Oh, nothing. No sauce. Yeah. What? I have no sauce. Yeah. I recently heard Jen take, said she has no sauce too. I'm like, no sauce girlies. Get it.


Wait. Never. This Is crazy. There's no live. Try to find a clip of me eating sauce. You actually, there's clips of me trying sauce, but I don't like it. Yeah. Wait, do you, so you don't like ranch dressing? No, No. I don't like any sauce. Like no barbecue, no ketchup, no mustard Your Whole Life. Yeah. I'm just like, I like a plain. I'm very, my tastes are plain. I love like butter noodles. I love chicken tenders. Like pizza. Like that's what I like. Yeah. I have food for you to try downstairs. Now I'm like rethinking everything. Wait, Did you make It? I'm having someone make it right now. Oh my Boo. Oh my God. Do you have a content house with a chef? I do. You live here? Like, no, just to shoot here. I was like, wow. I just begged someone downstairs. I'm like, listen, there's this one pasta that I want Trisha to try. Do you think, wait, what? Yeah, I want you to try it. What kind of pasta?


Yeah. You know how like girls are like, oh my God. Like I have my like, like my girl dinner and it's like when the men are away, the girls will play and Yes. You make like just dumb shit that like men would be like, I'm not eating that shit. Yeah. So like I grew up on this like spaghetti sauce that my mom would make me. But it's like this like progresso, like I don't even wanna like Progresso. Yeah. Is that like, wait, what? Oh, progress. It's like Prego sauce because I do like, I like pasta sauce. I'm trying to figure out progresso sauce. I love a jar sauce if that's what you're talking about. Okay. Is that progresso? It's, I have Prego. I can't breathe. It's in a, it's in a jar. And I swear to God Tricia, I want you to try it.


Like I know you like plain stuff. Like I'm interested to see her take a look. I love Pasta sauce. Okay. I love pasta sauce. We're gonna film it downstairs. Okay. But like, it's good to know, but where's that going? Yes. Bonus content. Where That Gotta get that going girl. I love it. I'm not saying same. Same. I'm like you're gonna stay for 10 hours. Right. I love it. We're good to go. I'll Okay. So no to Taco Bell. No Taco Bell. Okay. I'm crying. Okay. Internet Trolls. What is your opinion on them? Oh gosh. Oh wow. I have a soft spot for them. 'cause I was an internet troll for a minute. Now I can't stand them. I see people like yelling at the camera being ridiculous. I'm like, oh no. This is gonna h you forever. You should literally on Every time you see somebody doing trolling videos be like, trust me.


Stop. Don't stop. Yeah. There's that girl, that pearl girl out there now. And I'm like, girl, let's pump the brakes. This is gonna follow you forever, dude. Wait, I feel like I know who you're talking about. She is like Mean anti. Yeah, she's like kind of anti-woman, I think, I don't know, she's like a woman, but like hates women. She's like, oh, if you're, if you're divorced, you're less than, or if you have sex before marriage. Like they don't want you. I don't dunno. She's Kinda weird. Does she have like strawberry red hair? Yeah, she's made videos about me, Alex Cooper and I always just stop it immediately. Oh yeah. I never watch the video because I'm too scared. I don't wanna know. That's Of everyone. And I get it. It's like a shtick or something, hopefully. But I'm like, girl, this is like gonna not do well for you because you'll like run outta money. Like you'll spend the money. I know. Trust me. I've made like $10 million trolling and I've wasted all of it.


I didn't buy a house until OnlyFans, so I'm just like, no girl. Girl. Stop. Stop. I know. But she'll Probably clip this and be like, you fucking whore shut up. Like, oh. Literally. I fuck. No, I know. I used to be scared of people talking about me, but I'm like, oh no, I just, I literally like, I have, again, it comes from a place of I know what it's like. Like I get it and I'm just like, oh no. Do You ever scroll on TikTok and if you hear someone talking about you, do you watch the videos? Oh no. I scared. I scroll. I scroll instantly. The last, I don't even talk about, but the last person I saw talk about me, I like literally cried for days. What? Yeah. She told me I looked like I had electrocuted hair and I like cried for literally like a week. And I'm like, why is this affecting me so much? It was literally a month ago and I couldn't stop crying.


Wait, I'm so sorry. That's so mean. I had a lot of postpartum hair loss, but then when I was young, people made fun of me for having like frizzy hair. It was the whole thing. So I kinda, so it hasn't happened in so long that someone made fun of my hair. I'm used to weight, I'm used to acne. And I was like, oh my God, this one like hit this one. Hit hard. That's When it's The most fucked up is if it's something from like when you were younger that was like something you got the shit bullied out of you for and that or that you were just insecure about for yourself. Yeah. When you're an adult and someone picks on it, you're like, I'm regressing to being 12 right now. Yeah. That my, and I'm sobbing. That's how I felt. It's like that. And like eating like chicken parm, like both of those things are like weird things that you wouldn't think Like, people call me fat, people call me all these things and I'm just like, oh, I don't care. But those, I don't know. That was like, I'm so Sorry. Yeah. So I, but it's because I like stayed on it for a minute.


I saw and I was just like, lemme hear what this person has to say. Because I like the person because I was like, oh, I love this person. I talk nice about them all the time. And I was like, oh shit. And then I like, yeah. So I, and I, I like, I don't like to be in like the drama of it all, but I was just like, damn, that one hurt. That one hurt. Like hard. It's just like, again, stop being mean to people on the internet. Like why are also, I just feel like it's so, we're so above or we at least some we should be commenting on women's appearance. Yeah. Aren't we done with that In Just in like in general like hair weight. I'm just like, that's it. Like, that's like, there should be, and again, I guess it's like a compliment. Like that's what you're going for. Like that's the only thing. But true. But it's the worst thing to hear as a woman is like your appearance. You know, You're, you're right. And I feel like it's expected from a man.


'cause it's like you're dumb. Yeah. But from a woman, you're like, You know, it sucks. It sucks. 'cause I'm so like pro-women now, so I'm very, and I know I haven't always been, that's what I'm saying. The karma kind of comes back to me. I'm like, all right, I guess I deserve it. I guess I've talked enough about other people's appearances. No. So you know, it does come back around. So I am like, okay, I'll take it. That's how I have to look at it. I'm like, it's just another matic point. You got thick skin girl. Yeah, Sometimes, but sometimes. Sometimes I really do. Like I haven't cried in a long time and I was like, oh my God, why am I crying? And like last night when I cried over the pasta, I'm like, this is very odd. Usually I'm not like that. Yeah. Well at least you allow, allow yourself to cry. I feel like sometimes people hold it in too much if you're gonna cry. Cry. Yeah. And then keep eating that pasta. Yeah. Let's go. Let's go. Bitch. Do it. Yeah. Cry. How do you feel about reincarnation? Do you believe in it? Ooh. Ooh. I don't know.


What do you Think? Didn't I see something on the internet that people were convinced? What is the theory? The Baby? Yes. Oh yeah, I did. I did have the, I did birth the reincarnation of Queen Elizabeth last year, I guess, which, you know what? Honestly makes me believe it. Wait, why did people think that? It was so weird. It was the weirdest. It was okay. Literally someone looked it up. It was The most time I was searched, it was The most searched I've ever been, was in September 22, 2, a week before my daughter was born. Like more searched than anything that's ever happened in my life. Any controversial thing? What? That was the Google high point. And it was so weird. It was like a week before I gave birth, I said I was like one centimeter dilated, which is like, you know, normal and you're gonna give birth in like a week or two. Right? But then the queen died the next day and everyone's like, Tricia just gave birth and the queens and, and I was still very much pregnant.


I just didn't have my phone with me. It was very, it was so bizarre. Like TMZ was calling my dad, my mom like everything. It was the weirdest Thing. Oh my God. It, you know why you were probably so searched. It's like you kind of like tapped into like you infiltrated the royal family like, but everyone in England was like, wait, who is this bitch? I need to see. Yes, yes. Is the Queenie coming outta that V? Like what the fuck is going on? The day she died, I'm like trending. I have a screenshot that like right underneath her. Like, it's so bizarre. I know when I announced my pregnancy, everyone's like, Uhuh King Charles, nine months left. I'm like, no, No, Don't even start it. Wait. That I was, yeah. It's funny now. At the time I was actually a little traumatized. I was like, oh my God, what did I do like that? Because I didn't even start it like I get if I start my own shit and I was like, no.


And I was out of drama. I was so outta drama. I didn't have my podcast. I was like not talking about anyone. I was like, oh shit, We're back. Yeah. Not like that bad of drama to be a part of because you're like, oh my God. Like I just gave birth to like the new queen. Yeah. But that's also gonna be such an interesting thing. Like if her, your daughter Googles herself one day like, oh, not a bad Google search. Yeah, For sure. Your queen. And she kind of is, she's very like royal regal. She waves to everybody. She's very that actually. So if I do believe we're incarnation, I do believe that could be. Yeah. I don't know how Queen Elizabeth was. I heard maybe she's not a nice person, so maybe she'll be reincarnated as a good person. I don't know. She, I know nothing about the royal family, but, Okay. How do you feel about retail therapy? Oh my God. That's all I do all day, every day. I spend way too much money. What do you spend your most money on?


Purses. I have so many purses. Yeah, I have too many. I probably have it's, I don't know, maybe 500 purses. And I sell a lot too. So I've like bought 500 purses in My kitchen. Wait, but you said you never leave your house. Yeah, just buy it online. Like 2020. I bought like six Birkins that were like a million dollars altogether and now I can't sell them. God, I wish I could. I've had so many birkins that are ugly and I'm like, ugh. I have like a dead ostrich in my closet and I'm like, I don't want this anymore. Wait, and you like, you barely leave your house also. So like where do you wear them? Yeah. Dear. You're like, I love your Prada bag. I'm like, Thank you. This is my only shot to wear it. Oh my God. So like whenever you're gonna go do an appearance, you'll wear it. But other than that it just sits in the closet. It Just, but my closet's beautiful. It's like sparkles and shine. It makes me really happy.


Like they actually just make me happy to look at them. I used to like never wear my purses out. Like I just love to look At them. Look at them. Yeah. What's your favorite one? Oh, I have the Paris Hilton. Birkin, like the pink one with the soki on it. It's the same retailer that got up the privy porter. Shot up Privy Porter. She made Paris is big and then she made mine and I love it. But when you get the aftermarket crystals, they go down and value so much. So I wouldn't suggest that I bought a $50,000 Rainbow Birkin and no one even wants, I can't even give it away for like $8,000. So yeah. So don't do aftermarket. But I love my pink one. I don't like the rainbow ones. Okay, let's talk About sex


Call. Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it most. Yeah, we all need that. And that is what Uber is all about. It's not just a ride or dinner at your door. It's how Uber helps you show up for the moments that matter. Boom. Because showing up can turn a rough day around or make a good one even better. You're running late. You need some breakup ice cream, you need an ex texting intervention, you need some cram session snacks. You need some job firing Commiserations birthday surprise squad concert buddy duty, granny's birthday or just Taco Tuesday. Daddy Gang. You know where it's at. And it is Uber. It almost feels like, I can't remember a time where Uber wasn't in my life. There has been so many moments where I'm doing a million things a day and I feel like recently Uber has been so, so helpful for me when, oh my gosh, I'm hosting a big party and I completely forgot that I needed all of these things to be delivered to my house. But I can't leave my house because people are about to start showing up. Boom. Uber. Something I've also been doing recently is if any of my friends in LA are sick, I deliver chicken noodle soup by Uber to my friends. And it's so nice to send them, you can send them their medicine and some chicken soup and all the good stuff to their door so they don't have to get out of bed. I'm Ubering to my dinners. I'm Ubering with my husband on date night. It's all a good things. And then of course I'm Ubering food to my door to enjoy myself. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way. So you can be on your way to what matters most to you. Uber on our way,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Neutrogena. Summer is here and the sun is shining. You need powerful sun protection that feels light on your skin Meat. Neutrogena, ultra sheer sunscreen. Daddy Gang. This SPF 70 lotion absorbs fast with a smooth dry touch finish. So you'll forget that you are even wearing it. It blocks 97% of burning UV rays and is water resistance for up to 80 minutes? Lightweight, effective, and perfect for sunny days. It is just what your summer needs. Neutrogena ultra sheer sunscreen. You can't feel shop now at Target.


Okay, let's Talk about sex. Okay. I think that you obviously exude confidence and I know you have kind of like lightly in this interview talked about just like your relationship to men has evolved, but to women that are like, Tricia, how the fuck do we get confident in the bedroom? Like what personally would you say makes you feel The most confident in your sex life? Oof. You know what it's, I always say this to everyone is like, guys really don't care if they're like with you at that point where they're like undressing you. Like they don't care. Do you know what I mean? I've, I don't know guys just, they kind of get what they get. You know what I mean? They, they just are excited to be with you. And I've never, I've never been insecure in that way because maybe because I've like hooked and I've been with like a like 500 guys.


Like I'm, maybe that made me more confident weirdly. But I've just never had any like complaints. And I used to have like uneven boobs. I mean like back when I was like a hugger. I mean I didn't shower for like five days and they would be fine with it. So I think guys are just kind of nasty and they'll just take what they get. So don't feel bad if you're hygienic. I think that's a plus. If you put on deodorant that day, girls, They're fine. You're fine. Yeah, fine. You're good. Just deal. Not a wash. It's such a good point. Men are like kind of disgusting. Yeah. And so I feel like sometimes like we're in our own heads about like, oh my God, do I need to do this? This? No, you don't need to do Shit. No show up. I, Yeah, I've been with and I've been with all types and I, I think like in like I've been saying like, oh, I've been like on the streets or whatever, but I also been with like, you know, some WWE wrestlers that like prefer a big girl, you know what I mean?


And they like love it and they can't get enough of it. You know what I mean? So I think there's just like types and some people love a skinny girl, but they're not gonna go to bed with you if they want a skinny girl. Whoever's like in bed with you, like wants you. So I don't know. I've never had any complaints. Like I said, I've had like my boobs have been uneven. I've like, I've looked crazy so many times. Like, guys just don't care. And I think as long as you're not, I don't know. I've never been self-conscious about that. I don't know why. No, I think that's great. Yeah. I think that's why I know people wanna hear from you on it because I think you're right of like, we are in our own heads so much more than men are. Like if, if you're right, if he's in the room with you and wanting to have sex with you, there You go. Done. Yeah. He's, that's it. They're not gonna be like, no Thank you. I've never had anybody like, oh no. You know what I mean? Ever love that.


Exactly. Like you gotta a vagina, they're gonna enjoy Yourself. Yeah. Guys are very easy that way. So I always feel bad when girls get like self-conscious or I'm like that. I'm like, they guys want you. Yeah. Like I've had girls write in being like, oh my God, like I'm insecure about my labia or the way it looks. I'm like, don't be Oh right. Don't Be. Yeah. Men don't give a fuck. And people love all types. They love the outies. The IESs, the InBetween. They love all of it. Exactly. Like who cares? How old were you when you had your first orgasm? Oh, oh my God. Like 32. I love that you say that though. Yeah. 'cause I think so many women, even if they would lie about it, like a, I bet a lot of women feel that same way. Like they, we of course we didn't have orgasms at such young age. Yeah. I don't How people do.


Men don't know how to fucking please Us. No guys don't care about it. Did You give it yourself or did you get it from a guy? Oh, The first time, the first time was with a threesome. It was like in a threesome. They had one of those, I call 'em hibachi. They're not hibachi are they? Hitachi? What's that? Hitachi? Yeah. This are Hitachi. Yes. Yes. That like changed my life for real. That was like, I was in like this, like throuple and they used it on me and I was like, oh my God. That was when I was like, I didn't know if I was peeing or what. I was like, everything was going everywhere. It was insane. Oh my God. So that was like the first time where I knew what it was supposed to feel like. And that's why I was like, holy shit. Like that was like explosive. So Wait, that's so funny because Bridget and Holly, when they came on, Bridget was the one that talked about it. She was like, with Hef, like obviously we weren't getting off. So we would have these Mr. Hitachis. And she taught me about it. And now, okay, so this, they're Mr.


Hitachi. They're, they're so good. Yeah. And so that was like the thing where I was like, Ooh. That's why even when I did OnlyFans, like all my squirting ones are with that because it's just like, it's just so intense. Like if you don't know how to do it or whatever. Because I'm like, how does that even happen? Or you're scared to like forces you to, I mean, with your consent, wait Right. It forces you. You But you're the pressing the button like you're Dissecting. Yeah. Yeah. But it's like you don't even have a choice 'cause it's so much pressure and you're just like, well this is gonna happen. Here we Go. Yeah. Wait, That's so Interesting. So if you have like trouble orgasming or you don't know how it's supposed to feel, like highly recommend going on like the big setting of those And just get it going. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Wait, when You say you were in a throuple, was it for just sexual or were you actually in a relationship with a couple? It kind of was just sexual. But they did come to my birthday party. Oh. I think she sent like videos about me. I think she did an interview. It was about someone, it was like my first like throuple relationship.


They were gorge. Oh my God. She was like hot, you know, fake implants. He was like gorge six pack anesthesiologist. Like they were really gorge and yeah, I think it was just like my Tinder year. I think that was 2019. But it was, they were, it was great. I don't know, I think I was just like so curious about everything. How Do you even get involved in that? Like do you, like did you meet her or him First? Tinder. Oh, oh, On Tinder. I met him on Tinder. Yeah. And then he's like, this is my girl. They show right away that this is my girlfriend. I was like, oh well this could be exciting. You know what I mean? And it was, it was actually really, really fun. Yeah. And how did, How did those things end? It was fine, honestly. I think. What was that one? What was that one? I know, I'm trying to think. I was dating a lot of people at the time. I was like dating so many people. So I think I was just like, not like looking to date. I think they wanted to date, date.


And I was kinda like not looking for that. Yeah. Like three people in a relationship is tough. Oh, I don't know how they do that. Yeah. But they did that all the time with people and I think they wanted to bring someone in like to date. Wow. And I don't know if, I think for me, I was like, oh, how am I gonna introduce like my parents, like my mom, you know, I'm really close with. And not that she's like, not judgmental, but I don't think she would get it like, this is my boyfriend and girlfriend. I don't know. Okay. No, I get that. You're like, hi, this is my couple. Yeah, it's, and I'm the third. It's still bizarre. Yeah. I see it on TikTok and I think more power to people. But I'm always like, this is, it's still bizarre to me. I get that. Maybe it'll get more normalized. So the Mr. Hitachi. Yeah. What are, I was gonna say, what are your top three like sex toys in the bedroom that you would recommend? So one is Mr. Hitachi. What are another two? That's The, that's the first.


Hmm. I think that's pretty much it. I've been liking plugs lately, which I normally don't level like an anal thing, but I just think they look really pretty and it feels like it just feels more pressurized. And I've been really into like that lately. I agree. It's great. I think like try out plugs and I think it kinda just like, I dunno, it just feels good if it's not anything else. Just gives you like a little more added pressure. I completely agree. I've never had like a gang bang, but I'm assuming that's what it feels like, right? You like all your holes filled. I dunno. Maybe not. Maybe I don't know what a gang bang is. I love you. That's what I would imagine. And not to say I want all my holes filled, by the way. I usually prefer just sex. Like we do vanilla sex, but I love it. Like, it's like my FI don't need to, things filled me up, you know what I mean?


So the plug can just be like, there, It's fun. It's fun for like an added like bonus, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. But yeah, I'm, I'm kind of just vanilla actually when it comes to like sex. I kind of just like love to have sex with just as Is. I like, yeah, I like That. Yeah. But yeah. Do you, if you have advice for someone, like how do you approach your partner if you wanna try a new thing in the bedroom? I Don't know. I guess just be honest. Although, you know, I've had people ask me to do some weird stuff and I'm like, that's weird. Right? So I don't know. I'm like the last person to ask about this kind of thing. Right. Like try to read the room Maybe. Yeah. Like know your partner. Yeah. Like if you ask me to do something freaky, I might like look at him kind of weird. I don't know. Right. Like, I'm done. I'm breaking up with you. Yeah. I've had people like ask me to like hang upside down and like weird stuff. I'm just like, I don't know. I mean, I guess that's like a thing with like swings.


I'm just not hang Upside down. Right. Like how would they fuck you if you're hanging upside down? They're, Yeah, it's like the swing and you're like upside down and I guess they, I don't know. I, I didn't do it 'cause I'm like, that looks so dangerous. Yeah, it was a high up and, and Just like get a headache. Yeah. I don't like it. I don't like anything that involves like hurting blood, any of that stuff. Like people always wanna like slice you open and stuff and I'm like, no Thank you. Have you, have you had someone else? Yes. Trisha, Multiple times. They wanna slice you. Yeah. Are You fucking army Hammer the fish? Like Yes. Not him. Oh, someone close. Actually when that came out I was like, wait. And then I was like, oh no, it's someone who kinda looks like him. No way. Yeah. I think celebrities can be like the freakiest. Especially like those kind of celebrities that are like D-list, you know, they're kinda like freaky, you know?


You know Tom sandals cutting them up, Like yeah. Whoa. For Sure. Yeah. So you've had people literally be like, they wanna, what do they do? They just wanna cut you or drink your blood. Oh yeah, like that? Yeah. Just drink the blood and also just like slice you like on your stomach a little bit. 'cause they say it like has fat there so you can't die. Like you can't bleed out. I don't know. I've had a couple people say it. Yeah. And what Do you say? No, absolutely not. I can't do that. I don't know. Do You proceed to have sex with them or do you just leave immediately? Leave immediately. Okay. No, leave immediately. The one that wanted me to hang upside down, I guess I stayed with, he was kinda, he kinda looked at Marilyn Manson a little bit. He kinda had like those vibes. So I was into that for a second. I'm like, oh yeah, this is my, this is my person. But yeah, I just said I like couldn't do it.


Like physically couldn't do it. So you're funny. This is hilarious. It so funny. You can talk about this. 'cause I feel like no podcast talk about sex. Oh my God. Oh yeah. You're on Spotify, so doesn't matter. You're not demonetized on YouTube. I'm like YouTube. They can't say anything, so. Oh no, I'm, let's talk about Everything. Yeah, no, that's great. It's so funny. What do you think of for advice for someone who wants to lose their anal V card? Like give us the advice, Tricia, I guess. Take some poppers, you know, loosen it up a little bit because that's the only thing I get to think of. Right. But do you even enjoy it? No. No. I mean, like I said, I love the plug recently. Yeah. But I don't love, I don't love like anal Penetration because you Know what it is? I just eat so much food and I know you're not supposed to eat a lot before. Like, you know, girls that do OnlyFans, you're supposed to like clean it out guys too. All my gay friends are like, yeah, you can't eat before.


And you're like, so I was like, yeah, that's the only time we have sex, like after we eat. So I was like, well I don't want, no, I don't wanna put my butt after we eat. Right. Like, I want my nuggets and I want my pasta. Yeah, exactly. Oh my God. Could you imagine having anal after lasagna? No. I dunno if I could imagine that. Just involuntary. Everything I Said I'm, I'm, I'm a bad, like anal. I'm not an anal queen, that's for sure. But you know, try it. Maybe start with some, a finger or something, you know, A little pinky. A little pinky. See if you like it. Because some people really love it. I don't know. I, I get it. I think the, I think the pinky is a good way to start. Yeah, you're right. Right. I'm loving your advice. Okay, so the Daddy Gang wrote in some scenarios that they're going through right now.


There's drama in their life. Okay. And you're not a part of drama right now, Tricia. No. You're clean, you're free. You're like, Ooh, I. But now we need to read their drama and help them with their drama. Okay. Okay. So someone wrote in and said, my brother's messages linked to my laptop and I just found out that he and my best friend have been seeing each other behind my back. I'm so traumatized from seeing these texts and pictures. There are so many messages that I'm talking about how I'll, how I'll react if I find out. But it's so hot that they're sneaking around lately. When she comes over, it seems like she's there for my brother and the two of them actively leave me out. How do I confront them about the situation? And do I bring up the fact that I saw their Nudes?


No, you're the sister. Like what? Why do you care? Stop. That's weird. What is she gonna say? I saw your Nudes brother. You're hooking up with a girl. That's not me. How dare you. Like what? That's the weirdest question I've ever That right. If it's your brother I can be like, oh my god, what? Like it's so weird. Like lannister status over there. I'm just like, my brother's fucking someone else. I don't like it. It's weird. I'm dying. I get what you're saying. Like first of all, no girl, you're not telling your brother like, I saw that dick pic. Like that shit should be big. Like, oh yeah, That's a more on you.


I would immediately stop looking at messages. You keep looking at 'em like a weirdo. I understand the side of like your friends lying to you. Like you would like to know like, is she going behind your back? Maybe just address it with your friend of like, Hey, I get you're hook up with my brother. Can't you just be honest? So it's not awkward, but maybe they're Not like serious yet. Maybe they're not like dating, you know, maybe they're just hooking up. Maybe they wanna keep it. Like why do you have to tell everyone in your business be like, oh yeah, we're actually having sex. If that's okay with you not quite dating, we'll let you know when it hap. Like it's weird. I don't know Tricia, this is where friendship gets a little, Oh, I don't have friends so I dunno. Don't listen to me on that one. No, no, No. I definitely, I think you're right about the brother thing.


Like don't fucking tell him like I saw your Nudes. Like leave the brother out. Right, right. I think you could go up to your friend and be like, listen, I don't care what you and my brother are doing, but like I don't wanna constantly be sitting in the room and feeling like you guys are like keeping things from me. So just let's be open with it. You guys are fucking fabulous. Let's move on. Okay. You wanna know? Okay. I don't think I'd wanna know. I'd be like just, it's fine. Don't tell me like if you're having sex with my brother, I don't think I need to know. I think I'm good. But if it was your best friend, I guess I don't know that situation. So yeah, I guess. I guess maybe. No, you're right. I still don't think I wanna know. I don't even wanna know. My brother has sex with his wife. Like I just don't wanna know any of it. I'm like, I'm good. I Actually kind of agree. Whatever I think about my brother having sex, I'm like, no he doesn't. Oh no. I don't wanna know any of those details. Don't tell me. Yeah. So girl, just let it go.


Go have sex, let It go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just let them do what they were doing. Like, I don't know. Yeah. And you go date. Yeah. Make Yourself busy. That might be, yeah, find something else to do. Maybe she needs to get laid. I think That's it. Where it's just like, if you're that concerned about your brother's sex life and if they're telling you or not like, I don't know, move on. I get what you're saying though. I get what you're saying too. So, Okay, next one. I have a group of six girlfriends and we've all been close since high school. Recently a new girl has been introduced to the group. She hasn't done anything actively wrong and nobody seems to have an issue with her. But something about this girl just fucking annoys me. Oh my god. One day She like hate her. She Hate Her. Get you outta the group. One day I had five glasses of wine, too many and decided I was gonna say something.


So I messaged her from a fake Instagram account. Oh my God. I said Stop leaching onto other people's friend groups. It's sad. Oh my god. Oh My god. Ruthless. Yeah, it's, that's why I don't have friends. That's so scary. Oh my god. She said It's sad and pathetic. They obviously don't want you around and they all feel too bad to tell you the truth. So I will, Oh my god, that girl sounds crazy. And I know you don't use that word lightly. No, that's insane. Yeah, she, she found out it was me by the email linked to the account and told all of our friends, now I'm basically booted from the group. What should I do?


Oh my God. Well good. At least she was booted. At least she had some repercussions. Dude, that's insane. That's crazy. This is why I don't want girlfriends. Like, that's so nuts. I Just think first of all, if you're gonna use a fake account, I've learned make a new fucking yes. Email bitch. Yes. Go to a different, go to the library. Get a different IP address. Don't let it be traced. Literally, Dude. Never. Never. If you are stalking people on your fake, oh my god, don't ever let them know it's you. No. Second of all, what is, so what is this girl doing that's so triggering that you felt the need to message her From a fake account? And no one likes you Girl. Do you ever go on your fake account? Do you have a fake Account?


I don't have a fake account. Have you Ever had I a lot To like make a whole new account? Oh, it's a lot. No, I don't. I don't. I don't. I've never had a fake account. I've always just looked from my account, but I really just don't look period anymore. I used to look and like, like find out everyone's doing and it's honestly, life is so much better when I don't look for real. Tricia. Yeah, I used to have one. I would say like, I would say a year and a half ago I deactivated mine and I have felt lighter. I felt happier. I've just felt like, why am I stalking an X? Why am I stock? Like what am I doing? Yeah. Or even if I like saw something online, I'm like, why am I on a fake account? If I don't want people to know I'm looking at it, then just maybe I shouldn't be looking at it. That's How I feel too. That's how I feel like that feels weirder when you go on like incognito and stuff like that, it feels like you're doing something wrong.


I think that the moral of this story is everybody delete your fake accounts. You don't need to have a fake account. It feels better. I know how addicting it's 'cause I was so addicted to like Reddit looking up everybody I have like, oh, how many views is this person getting that look? I get it. But it's like so time consuming. So drain. And like the minute I did like I stopped in August of this year actually. And like I honestly like good things have come like just like fortune has come, income has like everything has come like for real. I'm like, wow, this. So I just didn't go back to it. 'cause like good energy was coming in. I was like, maybe there's something to this. So I was like, lemme just stop putting like any sort of bad energy out there. There Has to be something to it. Yeah, because I also think like, you're right, I, oh my God, I don't, I think I read the last time I read Reddit, I think now was like around two years ago. Wow. That I stopped and like I remember I was so consumed by it because you're constantly trying to be like, okay, these people think this about me.


So then all of a sudden you're like in a video or an episode trying to like appease them. Yes. And when you stop giving, also when I look at it, I'm like, there's like 200 people. Yeah. I'm like whoa. We're really like shaking it up here. Like why am I listening to 200 people? Yeah. If you have like hundreds of thousands to millions of views on something. Yeah. Obviously there's people that like what you're doing, so keep doing what you're doing. Exactly. And don't give them like energy. It feels so much better. And honestly like I really feel like there's no, I mean maybe 'cause I just don't see it, but I'm like, oh I feel like the hate spot. My Reddits did get taken down. Like no one can start any reddis on me. It's like really weird. Really? Yeah, we did this like documentary on it. We like called Reddit, all this stuff like that. And like there's no more Reddits. Mine are like 40,000 people. And now there's like no more. And it's wonderful. So shout out Reddit. I know what they did.


But anyone who tries to make a new one on me, they take down right away. So wait, that's Amazing. Yeah, there's no, there's no snark. Reddit. So they were like crazy. Like I was during my pregnancy, they're like harassing like my doctors and oh they were like, my baby's like hospital and like they were just like, they were being nuts. They were putting my baby's like image out there, like photoshopping weird things with her. So I think they had to take it down 'cause it was like actually that's Disgusting. Disgusting disgust. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that like we did this whole thing about it this year. 'cause I was like, okay, what's gonna, and then now that it's down, it's just like, it's great. And I don't, so I don't like, I don't see hate anymore. So I dunno Dude. I swear to God the only place that is there's like main hate is on Reddit. And if you get that rid of your life, you're like, yeah, I know I have no hate anymore. It's wonderful. I was like, no one hates me. No one hates me.


That's how I feel in my head. And I still feel that way. Live That way, girl. Yeah. Let it live that way. I Feel like it's, it's like perpetuated itself. Like I feel like it manifested itself. Like I feel like so many people like me now and I'm like, oh okay. Maybe. 'cause I stopped looking at hate done and now more people like me done. So yeah, Let's do one, not friendship. Okay, Good. Because all these friendship ones, I'm like, I don't know how About this. My boyfriend and I have been go having ongoing conversations about getting engaged and planning to do that next year. But lately something has been really weighing on my conscious. My question is, do I tell him that I gave his best friend the Gluck luck 9,000 blow? The Gluck 9,000 blowjob on the trip that the two of us met before.


Obviously we had feelings for each other. We see this friend quite often and I'm worried that my boyfriend will feel uncomfortable if he knows that I sucked his friend's dick. Oh my God, Should I come clean or is this something that you take to the grave? Oh my. Wait, did you trademark luck? Luck? I did. I love that. So good. So like when people say it, you like get money. I love that. That's so smart. I remember that was such a big thing. Like I really do, I just remember like, wow, it was crazy. It's Great. It's a great thing. Oh my god. So smart. You trademarked the devil Hand twist. Yes. Glu Cluck. 9,000. You think About the sex toy. That's that. I know because it sounds like a machine Anyways, so it Kind of does. Okay, good. Good to know where It feels like you're like, anyways, I know that's Mm, That's tough. I feel like you need to tell them otherwise it's like fraud or something. I agree. And God forbid, like one night, like something happens.


Like if you're married and he finds out you never told him that it could like literally end a marriage that you're like, Yeah, I just tell Him. Just tell him. Yeah. That's sticky. And it was also, you guys didn't have feelings for each other at the time, right? Just, yeah, Let it Go. It's a lot about how he reacts too. Like if he's upset about it, then like maybe that's not the one for you. Right. And he was like, okay, it was before we met, whatever. Right. Like you understanding guy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Are you a jealous person? I was. I used to be so jealous. Oh my God. I was feel jealous. Like at the beginning of our relationship I was so jealous. All this stuff. And I had, I have his passwords go through his dms every day. Like I was super jealous. But now not at all. Like I Don't really care. No, you're fine. No, you're fine. I think so. But like he's so good. Like he gives me no reason to be jealous. Like even if like girls like, you know, girls that like mean want a picture with him, like in public, he just says like, no, 'cause he just like doesn't want that out there. I'm fine with it. I'm like literally whatever.


But he's very that so he never gives me a reason to be jealous. But That's the type of man you need in your life. For Sure. 'cause I am a jealous. I was, I was always very jealous and everyone. Yeah. How About you? I think I used to be jealous, but because it was coming from a place of insecurity of like, I think that's what it's, yeah, I had gotten cheated on before, so then I'm like, oh my God. Like you must be doing it too. And so like when you're just not in to like healthy relationships, the toxicity, you can't help but be kind of paranoid, which turns into jealousy where you're like, oh my God, like I don't want you out and I don't want you doing this. And then you're just like the worst version of yourself. Yeah, it's, I think that's like the worst, like jealousy and we're together 24 7. So I think that helps too. I'm just like, we're never apart. So yeah, we're like codependent that or I'm codependent that way, so I don't know. But I never, of course now I'm like never jealous. And he's like, definitely not jealous. Like I'll say like, oh my God, the weekend's so hot or whatever.


And he's like, never gets jealous. He's just like, She's like, yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Literally I was like, he's the first one I, I texted when I got a DM from him. I'm like, the whole weekend just DM me. He's like, yes babe. Oh yeah. He's like, whatcha gonna text back? Like, he was so excited. If the weekend wanted to have a threesome with you guys, would you do it? Oh, I Would. I don't think my husband would. That would be like the dream come true. I think he's gotta do it and just like suck it up. Okay. Do it Patricia. She Like, no. No. I probably wouldn't because I, I, I love it. I love my husband so much. But yeah. 'cause threesomes do get sticky. Like I've anyone who wants a threesome, anytime I've had a threesome, I feel like it just like ends in disaster. It does. Right. Unless, I don't know. I feel like with my husband of all people, like I know I couldn't with another girl.


No. I'd be so fucking jealous. But I think with a guy, I don't think he would, I don't know. No, I don't know. Even with a guy, I'd feel like kind Of weird. I dunno. I don't think I would with Matt either. I'm like, it's just Too with another girl. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think so. It's too much. See, Especially if they, if they have sex with a girl, like sometimes they don't have sex with a girl, another person. But I, I would, I'd be livid. I I would be literally in the bed like this. Yeah. How people, she's pissed. Oh, the thru I was in, she like loved watching it. They got off. I was just like, this is, and I think that's amazing. Like, I like being the third, but like, I don't Know, being the main, the springing in the third. Yeah. You gotta be a strong bitch. No, I don't Know how people do it. A different person. Yeah. It's a different, definitely a different breed. Which I'm like more power to you. But I'm just like, I Completely agree.


It's crazy. Okay, I have two more questions for you. Okay. I like these. What is the biggest misconception people have about, you we're done with the questions from Like, you're Like, you put me in. Right? Yeah. What is the biggest misconception you think people have about you? I think you know what it's, I think it's just that I've had like bad intentions. I think people think I was like a, I'm a bad person. Which I think is like the worst part because through all of it, like I've never really had bad intentions to like hurt anyone ever. And I think that's like the worst part of it. 'cause I'm like truly at like my core. I'm never like hated anybody like anything. It's really comes from a place of either like wanting attention, being miserable, or being just like completely ignorant. Yeah. So I like hate that people have like this, oh she's a horrible person.


I see that all the time and I get why people say it, but it's just like, oh that sucks. 'cause it's like I've never, I've truly never been, but I know I like made that bed so like you know, it is what it is. So I think that's the worst. Just like I never like had bad intentions. No. There was never malice by it. Yeah. I never wanted to like ruin someone's life. Totally. I also think just even from this interview, I hope it gives people more clarity too because I feel like I have seen so much of you online, but I think this interview, like we really kind of went from start to finish. Yeah. And it shows your growth of like thanks where you came from, like the decisions you made, like the head space you were in and like of course I'm not saying it was like Right, right. But it's like it, you people grow and people change and the fact that you're even able to also like take accountability and I also love how you're like, but I also get it and like I'm not asking Definitely.


Like I think that's also a really mature way to look at it. Like there are just some people that will never look at you or me and like change their opinion if they hate us. Yeah, Of course. That's okay. Yeah. But you clearly know like you're a good person and you did all of that in a place of whether it was like you said, like jealousy or insecurity or just being in a bad place. Like Yeah. That happens. And I think it's obviously we have a social footprint that some people don't have that. Yeah. But everyone said dumb shit in their life that can be hurtful or taken the wrong way. It doesn't always mean it's coming. Yes. From like a bad intention place. Yeah. Where you're trying to like actually hurt someone. Yeah. I was never that. And I wasn't even diagnosed with borderline until I was 30, 31 or something. So I was like, I had undiagnosed with like mental illness for like a really long time too. And again like that doesn't like excuse it, but there like explains more 'cause I was like wow, I really can't control myself.


And then I was like, oh this is like why. Yeah. And now I can like work on like now I know how to like control myself and breathe And all that stuff. Totally. Do you feel better now when you're going into like doing your podcast? Do you feel like you now have a better handle on like what you're gonna say and what you're not gonna say? As if maybe in the other days you'd be like, I'm just gonna spew all this shit and whatever. Oh Yeah. I definitely will just like take into consideration people's feelings and that like people will see it and people do like get hurt by it. You know what I mean? I know like Charlie just did Jay's podcast. She's like, yeah, people were like really mean to me and like really affected me. And I was like spiraling. And I was like, but you know, hopefully they changed. I have a baby now. I'm like, oh my god, what she talking about me? 'cause I was like, and it was like I was so like, I was so aggressive for no reason. And so like just you, you don't think like people will see it and stuff. So now I just really come at a place where I'm just like, I really try to like again find the silver lining, try to find like the optimistic ness and everything.


You know, it's of course fun to like gossip and stuff, but I always feel like again if it's something like not nice or someone could hear that would make them feel bad, I'm like, it's better just to like, you know, gossip with your husband or Something like that. I was about to say literally just do it not online. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We all, every human being gossips. Yeah. Everyone wants is drama is interesting to us as humans. Oh yeah. Just don't put it on the internet. Yeah. Especially if it's like not nice if you're like being mean. And that's like I never even privately, I never even like make fun of someone's looks. That to me is always like weird. I mean there's so many other things to say about people out there and I'm like, it's just weird when people like attack their looks. I Don't know. Well that's just like the lowest form of like someone coming at someone who's like, you're such like that's just such a weak low blow. Yeah. Of like and then you obviously have to be like, well what's wrong with that person that they're going in someone's looks. No, For sure. If like my husbands started like making fun of like a girl, I'd be like, you're fucking weird.


And like, I feel that way too. I'm like, it's just a weird thing so just stop. Yeah. It's like there's so many other things to like gossip and make fun of and totally just, you know, make light of or whatever, but Totally. Totally. For those of who may not know, Tricia attempted to win a Guinness World Record for her speed reading skills. Oh my God. I love how the two of us, like I am. I have to actively try to talk slower. You look so fast. Like I can talk fast. I'm like, oh my God, I'm happy you're here. Like I'm, I'm so excited to go try that. Like it's, it's Crazy. Yeah. And I'm like slow down. I didn't think that about you. Like I did not think of you as like this like really fast talker. 'cause you're so like when having fun placed and like put together. Okay. When I'm having fun with someone, which I am right now, like I feel like we're actually having girl talk where like some interviews I'm like more doing the interview and Right. And like I don't want to be a part of the conversation. I want it to be about them.


Yeah. But it's like our vibe is just like, Oh I love like asking people. Yeah. I hate when it's like all about me. Like I love to be like, what about you? Because I need to know where you're coming from. Right. You Know what I mean? You're like, what's going on over there? Are you judging Me bitch? Yeah, for sure. Fuck You. No, I feel that. And so, but then because you talk fast, like my best friend Lauren talks so fast that I feel the same way with you where I'm like, then I'm just gonna match your energy. Oh yeah. And then when I do talk fast, people are like, what? Like what? Yeah. The fuck. So, But I feel like people will like it. Like I know I get on comments on my podcast like, oh my A DH adhd. Like thanks you. 'cause they just like wanna keep up like keep going at that pace. That's actually such a good point. Yeah. Like people can just be like, shut the fuck up. Get to the point. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're getting there. We're getting, we're moving fast. Okay. Before you go Okay. Can you just speed read this little message to the Daddy Gang.


Okay. You can read through it. It's literally a bunch of like nonsense. It's just like Happy New Year and Oh Okay. I love it. I just thought it Would be funny for you To just, Oh my God. Read fast. I love It. Oh my gosh. Okay. Luckily there's no like two big words. Sometimes I get like the, the Guinness World Records is hamlet soliloquy. So it was like to be here not to be that as the question was noble in the mind. It was like this whole like really long thing and it was like the, I don't even know the words. They were so hard. Alright, here we go. Daddy Gang, Thank you so much for having me. This has been so much fun. It's 2024. Let's make it the best your ever, it's the year. Stop giving a fuck about whatever the people like and to own our own confidence. It's the year to try new things in the bedroom. And finally had that was the year of the, it's the year of the giving the like thousand only trademark. If you are also receiving some bombass head and return take risks, which stuff out there. Don't get too involved with the dramas. Never that. D. Give people second chances. Apologize when you're wrong. Pop that pusy, shake that ass. Follow me. Where no accounts. YouTube, TikTok, Instagram.


Don't be stingy. Spread my only fans. You're feeling it child. My podcast. I love you guys. Thank you for taking the time to get to know me. I hope this isn't the last time we jack xo. XO to X. I didn't know was like my outro. I love that. I wanna put more ump into it. This is so cute. Tricia. That was iconic. Thanks. Thank you so much for coming on. Glory daddy. Thank you. This was truly so fun. Yeah. Thank You. Thank you, Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


All modern brings you the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. And right now you'll get up to 70% off and fast free shipping during their big sale of the year. That's modern made simple. Shop all Modern's, big sale of the year. Now through April 20 eighth@allmodern.com.


Jared knows what moms really want for Mother's Day. The opportunity to just sleep in and dream of idle playgrounds, empty sinks, and perfectly folded laundry. Of course, there's no better way to compliment Mom's peace of mind than with a piece of fine jewelry from Jared Jewelers, a sparkling diamond, penant necklace, or even 14 carat gold hoop earings perfect for the woman who keeps everything in your family. Perfect. This Mother's Day be the dad who went to Jared


Thanks to Lieb by Eve St. Laurent for sponsoring today's episode. Mother's Day is a time to celebrate the bold confident moms in our lives. Give her fragrance as unforgettable as she is with YSL Beauties Lieb Collection the new Libo, new perfectly blends, fresh citrus and floral notes. Or go for the iconic Leb Oda Parfum, a warm floral mix of lavender, vanilla, and musk. Better yet, get one for mom and one for you. Shop YSL beauties Lieb at Sephora. This Mother's Day.