
Daddy Gang. I went to Washington DC to interview Vice President Kamala Harris. As you guys know, I do not usually discuss politics or have politicians on this show because I want Call Her Daddy to be a place that everyone feels comfortable tuning in every single week. I talk about topics like mental health, relationships, sex, sexuality, trauma. Overall, my focus is women and the day-to-day issues that we face. So I will be honest, I had been going back and forth with this decision for a while to get involved or to not get involved, but at the end of the day, I couldn't see a world in which one of the main conversations in this election is women.


And I'm not a part of it. I am so aware I have a very mixed audience when it comes to politics. So please hear me when I say. My goal today is not to change your political affiliation. What I'm hoping is that you're able to listen to a conversation that isn't too different than the ones that we're having here. Every week. I was given 40 minutes with the vice president of the United States. No topic was off limits. I prepared seven different versions of this interview. Do I talk about the economy? Do I talk about border control?


Do I talk about fracking? But then I realized you can hear about all of those issues on whichever news site you prefer. And let's be real, I'm probably not the one to be having the fracking conversation, but the conversation I know I am qualified to have is the one surrounding women's bodies and how we are treated and valued in this country. I wanna be so clear, since this isn't a one-sided conversation, we reached out to former President Donald Trump to come on the show. If he also wants to have a meaningful in-depth conversation about women's rights in this country, then he's welcome on.


Call Her Daddy Anytime. So Daddy Gang. With all of that said, let's get into it. What is Up? Daddy Gang, It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper With Call Her Daddy Madam Vice President Alex, welcome to Call Her. Daddy, It is good to be with you.


Thank you so much for being here. Of course, we're in the final stretch of the election. Yes. How are you feeling? I'm feeling great and I'm feeling nervous. You know, there's this old adage, there are only two ways to run without an opponent or scared. So there you go. The only thing that matters is really just spending as much time as I can, as much time as I possibly can, meeting with people and talking with them about the stakes and, and their future. I'm curious, like you don't do too many long form interviews. What made you wanna do Call Her Daddy today? Well, I think you and your listeners have really got this thing right, which is one of the best ways to communicate with people is to be real, you know, and to talk about the things that people really care about.


I mean, what I love about what you do is that your voice in, in your show is really about your listeners. And I think especially now, this is a moment in the country and in life where people really wanna know. They're seen and heard and, and that they're part of a community, that they're not out there alone. And, and so I'm really glad to be with you. Thank you. Yeah, thank you for taking the time. I know you're a very busy person. I really like to get to know people on my show. Okay. Obviously we are going to talk about all the issues that are going on, but I also wanna get to know you as a person today. Yeah. Is that okay with you? Of course. Okay. Let's get into it.


Growing up, my mother is a psychologist. Yes. Oh, How is that? Oh, it, It was great question. Now in hindsight, like fabulous. Yeah. When I was in it, I was like, mom, why do you know everything? Like, leave me Alone. Yeah. But One thing I really valued was she really emphasized the importance of mental health. Yes. And talking about our feelings and communicating. And I know that you were primarily raised by your mother. Yes. Can you share with me like what values did your mom instill in you from a young age? Well, you know, similar to what you described about your mother, my mother definitely impressed upon us the importance of us being able to express how we were feeling.


And a lot of it I think was also about her teaching us that we had agency. And so that things don't just happen to you. And so think about how you were feeling, not just as a way to dump, but also as a way to kind of figure out where you are in a moment. Right. And center yourself. I mean, to your point, when I got older, like when I was in, I don't know, late teens and my twenties, if I came home with a problem, I'm telling you, every time I came, if I came home with a problem, the first thing my mother would do is she was look at me like other mothers I believe were hugging their kids and like, oh honey, what can I do?


And Oh, my mother, the first thing, what did you do? But here's the thing that I realized, she was actually teaching me think about where you had agency in that moment and think about what you had the choice to do or not do, and like, don't let things just happen to you. And I realized that was a really powerful thing she was teaching, which is figure out how you can take charge of a moment. Yeah. You can't always, we don't have control of everything, obviously, but, but don't just let things happen to you without thinking about, okay, what can I do in this moment?


It's fun to hear you say that because these are themes that I've talked about on my show before of like, yeah, we can sit here and dwell on something that happened to us, but then we can also say, yeah, but what could I have done in that situation to have autonomy over my life? People can do things to you, but you can only decide how you're gonna react. That's all you have control over. Right. But that's exactly right. But that's exactly right. And in that way, you, you realize don't let anyone take your power from you. You know, that's so important. I mean, the other thing my mother would say all the time, and I'm gonna quote is, don't do anything half-assed. Yeah. I'm curious when you're saying that about, you know, have agency over your own life Yeah. And don't let things just happen to you. Like take control and take accountability.


How have you put that into being the vice president of the United States? Yeah. A lot of my career is as a prosecutor. And so it was about really wanting to protect The most vulnerable and where they did not have the power. And it wasn't of their own choosing, but because they were the subject of abuse, because they were the subject of an imbalance of power. Right. And so a lot of the work that I've done has been about wanting to restore to the extent I can play a role in that their right to have justice, to have voice. You know, right now this fight for what we need to do around reproductive freedom is, I mean, could it be more at its core about just the, the, the basic right.


Any individual of whatever gender has to make decisions about their own body and not have their government tell them what to do. Or even voting. Yeah. Right. About saying, look, I know that there's cynicism. I know that there, that there, there's a, a real feeling that, well what does it matter? Does my vo voice matter? But a lot of my push to kind of hopefully convince people that they should vote is because you should never let anybody take your power from you. And voting is one of the ways that you use your voice to determine who your government will be and what your future will be by your government. You've already made history. You are the first female vice president. Yeah. You could very well become the next president of the United States.


Yeah. What do you think your mom would say? Well, okay, so here's, let me just tell you what my mother did say when I was running for Attorney General. Okay. So there'd never been a, a woman attorney General California. And the race was so tight. I mean, fast forward to the end on election night, my opponent declared his victory, by the way, I won. Okay, but let's go back, let's go backward. So I was, when I was first running, and it was when my mother was very sick with cancer and she ultimately passed away. And, but I would take her to the hospital and I spent a lot of time with her and took care of her.


So one day we're at the hospital and she's in the bed and she, you know, she was at this phase of, of her illness where she was really just really tired. And, and so I'm sitting next to her and she had her face turned in the other direction. She was kind of half sleeping. And then she leaned over to me and she said, what's going on with the race? And then she leaned back over and I said, well, mommy, they said, they're gonna kick my ass. At which point my mother turned her head, looked at me and had the biggest smile, had the biggest smile ever.


That was my mother Sitting across from you. I think, you know, as women, we have to work 10 times harder. We gotta be smarter. We gotta play the game to even get our foot in the door sometimes. Can you tell the Daddy Gang? Yeah. When people tell you no, when people look at you and doubt you, what does that ignite in you?


So I've been told that many times and through the course of my career, I've been told, you know, I one point you're too young. I've been told, oh, nobody like you has ever done that before. Oh, they're not ready for you. Oh. And this is the one that kills me. Oh. It's gonna be a lot of hard work. Right. As though we don't like hard work. And here's my response. I don't hear No, I don't hear no. And I urge all the Daddy Gang. Don't hear. No, just don't hear it. Throughout this election, your identity has been called into question many times your opponent has called you crazy, weak, fake and dumb.


How does that affect you? I think it's really important not to let other people define you. And usually those people who will attempt to do it don't know you. I wanna talk about before your career in Washington. Yes. You mentioned you worked as a prosecutor specializing in sexual assault cases. Yeah. Yeah. And this is something obviously I touch on, on my show. I have so many women that listen. Yeah. And I, I wanna talk to you because I know you had a personal connection as to why you really sought that out. Can you talk about what led you to taking on that career? So when I was in high school, my best friend, her name is Wanda. Yep. I learned, was being sexually assaulted by her stepfather.


And, you know, I knew something was going on 'cause she, she didn't wanna go home. She, you know, she just seemed sad. And so she told me, and I immediately said, you have to come and stay with us. I called my mother who's at work. Yes. She has to come stay with us. And she did. And I just, it it upset me so that someone where they should feel safe and protected were being so horribly abused and violated. Right. And anyway, I decided at a young age I wanted to do the work of protecting vulnerable people.


I mean, look, I was raised, I'm the eldest of two daughters. I was raised with my mother saying, since practically the day my sister was born, you know, look out for your sister. So maybe it started when I was two. But Wanda and and her experience really convinced me and made me realize how this can happen and what we need to do to stand against it. Can you, because again, like I have women write in being like, I don't know who to tell. I'm DMing you and I'm telling you because the shame and the terror and the where do I go from here? And most of the time it is the people that are closest 'em that are doing this. Like, it is what feelings do you have and like, what is the course of action in that moment that you take?


So the first thing that I would say to anyone going through it is tell someone that you trust. Don't, don't quietly suffer. You have done nothing wrong. You have done nothing wrong. And don't let anyone convince you. You have often the abuser will tell her that if she tells, then something worse will happen. And that is usually wrong. And know that there are people that want you to be safe and will want to protect you, but don't silently suffer and, and know that you have a right to live in, in a place where you feel safe and are actually safe.


Unfortunately, I know that so many women can relate to what we're talking about. One in three women has experienced some form of sexual abuse. Yeah. You're that's exactly their life. That's exactly Right. And I feel like when we say that that number can get lost 'cause it's like one in three moments. Like this is happening, this is real, this is happening right now. But Alex let me just say this also. Yeah. Thank you for talking about it. Because part of the issue is that people don't talk about it. And I don't mean the survivors of it. I mean nobody does. And the more that we let anything exist in the shadows, the more likely it is that people are suffering and suffering silently.


And, and we need to talk about it. We have to talk about it. Child sexual assault is something that affects far more people than the public discourse about. It acknowledges. And it, it, the more we talk about it, the more we will address it and deal with it, the more we will be equipped to deal with it. Be it in terms of schools, in terms of the society at large. Right. And to not stigmatize it. I I agree. I think like the power that we have is through our voiceover here. Like me trying to have a conversation any chance I can get the amount of times I have conversations with women and then I have thousands of women reaching out, being like, oh my God, I just remembered something from watching this podcast episode and it brought back the trauma.


But now I know I need to get help. Like years ago this wasn't even a conversation. But see this is, and that's exactly right. And so when I talk about, when I say stigmatize it, what I mean is stigmatize the survivor. Yeah. We still have so far to go on the issue of, of child sexual assault. Just like in a previous time the issue of domestic violence, people didn't talk about domestic violence. And part of it was this really warped idea that, well, what happens in the home is none of our business, but if it happened on the street, it would be our business if we wa witnessed it on the street. And so the point being that abuse of anyone is something we should all take seriously as opposed to saying it's not our business.


It it, it's something that we have to agree should not happen. And whatever resources and whatever attention we can put into reducing the likelihood that it happens is worthwhile. How do we make this country safer for women? That, that's a big question. There's a lot to unpack there. I mean, one of the things for example, on domestic violence that I can tell you is this. When a woman, and in particular if she has chil children, if she is economically reliant on her abuser, she's less likely to leave because most women will endure whatever personal physical pain they must in order to make sure their kids have a roof over their head or food.


So one of the ways that we know that women are able to walk away from abuse and there are many layers to her being able to do that. But one of them is does she have the economic freedom to be able to do that? Right. So one of the ways that we know we can uplift the ability of women to have choices is uplift the ability of women to have economic health and wellbeing. I'm gonna get more into that later, but about, you know, how we can make that possible. But I do wanna reference, something I saw was at a rally in Pennsylvania, former President Trump recently told women, you will be protected and I will be your protector.


What do you make of that? So he who, when he was president, hand selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v Wade. And they did just as he intended. And there are now 20 states with Trump abortion bans, including bans that make no exception for rape or incest, which we just discussed. Which means that you're telling a survivor of a crime, of a violation to their body. They don't have a right to make a decision about what happens to their body next, which is immoral. So this is the same guy that is now saying that this is the same guy who said that women should be punished for having abortions.


This is the same guy who uses the kind of language he does to describe women. So yeah, there you go. I do wanna focus on abortion for a moment because two years ago Roe v Wade was overturned and women lost their constitutional right to an abortion. I put out an episode about it. I flew to North Carolina. Yeah. I went to a preferred women's health center. I met with women that were getting screamed at and chanted at and called Baby Killers. And it was The most eye-opening experience I've ever had because I am a privileged white woman that lives in Los Angeles. And I am so aware of that. I understand that a lot of the younger generation sees things online and is like, what is right, what is wrong?


What is real, what is not? Can you explain and talk about what is actually happening to abortion access right now in this country? Yeah. So again, I thank you for what you've been doing and at the earliest stage of this and following the stories. So, you know, on public policy, I often tell my team, look, I don't wanna hear about public policy is a fancy kind of speech or, or, or paper. Tell me how it'll affect a real person. So let's talk about how it affects a real person. The majority of women who receive abortion care are mothers. So if she's in a state, and by the way, every state in the south except for Virginia, has an abortion ban.


Okay. So imagine she's in a state with an abortion plan. One outta three women are by the way, in our country and she's a mom. So she's gonna have to figure out one God help her if she has affordable childcare, God help her if she has paid leave. And then she's gonna have to go to the airport, stand in a TSA line, sit on a plane next to a perfect stranger to go to a city where she's never been to receive the care she needs. She's gonna probably have to get right back on that plane.


'cause she's got those kids, her best friend's, probably not with her. 'cause that's who's taking care of the kids to get back in that TSA line to get back on a plane to go home. And that's all If they can even afford the plane ticket. Exactly. Or the bus ticket. Exactly. Exactly. Because when Roe v Wade was overturned, I remember my dms were flooded with thousands of women begging me to help. And it's overwhelming and I can't even imagine I'm saying that in front of you, but it's, it's overwhelming. And I remember people begging me like, I just need to afford a bus ticket so I can get out of this abortion desert that I live in, in the south so I can get to a state.


But they can't even afford, you know what I mean? So it's like, it's awful. These people are literally landlocked into a position that they don't want to be. And And here's the thing here, here's the thing is that you don't have to abandon your faith or deeply held beliefs to agree. The government shouldn't be telling her what to do if she chooses. She'll talk to her priest, her pastor, her rabbi, her mom, but not the government telling you what to do. And that's what's so outrageous about it is a bunch of these guys up in these state capitals or writing these decisions because they somehow have decided that they're in a better position to tell you what's in your best interest than you are to know what's in your own best interest.


It's outrageous. It's outrageous. I mean, Daddy Gang, to put it in our TikTok terms, I have seen girls on the street walk up to men and be like, do you know where a tampon goes? Do you know how many tampons we use? Do you even know how? Like, do you know what a X or Y or Z is of a part of our, and they don't know the answer. I was The first vice president or president to ever in office go to a reproductive he healthcare clinic ever. Really? Yes. Yes, Yes. I didn't know that. But I guess that makes sense To your point. And yet the men are making the decisions about our lives.


And here's, and here's the other thing about this point that it, it's about IVF treatments and access's about access to contraception, which is very much at risk with these folks. It is about, back to the point about reproductive health clinics, you know what those clinics also do? They do paps, they do breast cancer screenings, they do HIV testing and they're having to close in many places with these bands. So think about the fact that for anyone who has gone to one of these clinics, you understand that it is sometimes The most trusted place where people receive that kind of healthcare. 'cause they walk into those places that are generally staffed by people who ex who create a safe place for people to come in without judgment.


So anyone seeking any kind of reproductive healthcare and and wanting to go to a place where they feel safe and without judgment, these clinics have often been the place that people can go and many of them are having to close because of these laws. I was raised Catholic and abortion is a sin. And when I put out that episode, I had a lot of women reach out to me saying like, wow, I I, you know, live in the south. And I never thought about it that way. Like maybe I am pro-choice because I won't get an abortion because of my religion. Yeah, right. But why should we control what someone else wants to Do? And that's exa And you know what's interesting, Alex, to your point, what I'm finding as I travel people who before two years ago before Roe v Wade was, was overturned.


People who felt very strong about that they are anti-abortion, anti-abortion are now seeing what's happening and saying, Hmm, I didn't intend for all this to happen. And I think that's also why in state after state so-called red states and so-called blue states, when this issue has been on the ballot, the American people are voting for freedom. Because ultimately it's about, look, this is not about imposing my thoughts on you in terms of what you do with your life or your body. It's, it's actually quite the opposite. It's saying the government shouldn't be telling people what to do. I think that unfortunately, but we have these, these real life names.


We have these Yeah. Horrific moments that these people are losing their lives. Right. We have a woman named Amber Thurman who died Yeah. In Georgia because the abortion bans in that state. The doctors were too afraid to treat her. Yeah, I know that you spoke to her family. Yeah. What was that conversation like? It was Heartbreaking, Alex. It was heartbreaking. Her mom and her two sisters. And so Amber was a young mother of a 6-year-old son. She was a medical assistant who was so excited because she was just getting on her feet to be independent.


She got her own apartment in a gated community with a pool that her son could play in. She got accepted to nursing school. She was as described by her family, so excited and so ambition ambitious. And she had plans then she found out she was pregnant and she didn't wanna go through with her pregnancy. And she was living in Georgia and she couldn't receive care there because she was past six weeks. And so she ended up going to another state and because she was basically it was, she couldn't get there on time.


And because the other state had been so overwhelmed by all these women coming from all these southern states who couldn't get treatment in their own state, her the window for her appointment had closed. So instead of having a surgical procedure, she had medication and basically went back home and then had some complications and went to the hospital 'cause she was bleeding and they delayed 20 hours before they treated her. Because here's the thing that's so messed up about this. Some of these people will say, whoa, I, but I do believe in exceptions.


I believe that there should be an exception in, in, in terms of in the life of the mother. Okay, here, let's talk about this. This gets back to again, practical application of policy. Okay. So you believe there's an exception that the person should receive abortion care if the life of the mother is at risk. You know what that means In practical terms, she's almost dead before you decide to give her care What? So we're gonna have public health policy that says a doctor, a medical professional waits until you're at death's door before they give you care. That's outrageous that anybody would be saying that that is acceptable policy.


So until everything that that physically could happen to your body in terms of deterioration, only at the point that oh, she might die, is she gonna get care? Where is the humanity? I think that's what's been very difficult as a young adult in this country right now is like there are so many policies I could sit here and talk to you about.


Yeah. But Call Her Daddy has been rooted in supporting women and talking about women and lifting women up. Yeah. Because it is no denying that we have always been underserved and we are treated like second class citizen to men. Right. And I can see people, I get it. We're gonna talk about the economy, we're gonna talk all about all this. But what is any of that good for if we're not even taking care of the people that are able to produce the next generation? Yeah. I do wanna clarify something in the debate. Former President Trump claimed that some states are executing babies after birth.


Can you just clarify? That is not happening anywhere in the United States. It is not happening and it's a lie. Just it's a boldfaced lie that he is suggesting that can, can you imagine, can you imagine he's suggesting that women in their ninth month of pregnancy are electing to have an abortion. Are you kidding? That is, that is so outrageously inaccurate and it's so insulting to suggest that that would be happening and that women would be doing that.


It's not happening anywhere. It's this guy is full of lies. I mean I just have to be very candid with you. You know, so in my career from the time I got outta law school, through most of my career as a prosecutor, I understood that the words that I spoke and what I did with those words would be the difference between whether somebody was charged with a crime or went to prison, maybe prison for life. When I was attorney general, I was the top law enforcement officer of the biggest state in this country. And I was acutely aware that the words I spoke could be the difference between whether a corporation was in business or out of business.


That the words I spoke could move markets. The idea that someone is not only so careless and irresponsible and reckless, but out and out lies to create fear and division in our country and thinks he should be president of the United States standing behind the seal of the President of the United States using the microphone that comes with that and using that voice and those words in such an irresponsible and that's mild way.


And this is why this election matters. There's so many things at stake right now. And one of them is to collectively say, you know what? Somebody who uses their voice and their, and that microphone in that way should never be president of the United States. I think again, like I am not CNN, I'm not Fox. Like I am a woman who is talking about her experiences on my podcast. Yeah. And I have millions of women that tune in to connect with me and to connect with whoever's sitting across from me. Yeah. And I wanna pose this question more to you and the Daddy Gang, but one of the biggest conversations in this year's election revolves around a woman's body.


Yep. I wanna take a moment and can we try to think of any law that gives the government the power to make a decision? I know what you're gonna ask About a man's body. Let's just No, no. These are any law. No, no, no. It's, no look we are a work in progress. But here's the, one of the many things I so love about our country, part of the strength of our country and our evolution as a country has been through the fight for the expansion of rights.


Not the restriction of rights, but the expansion of rights. And we still have work to do. But I say that that work is born out of love of country and it's hard work, but it's good work and it's important work. And that's what's before each of us. And I think that, you know, around election time, but every day back to the conversation that we've been having about power, the beauty of of a democracy is that we each as individuals have the power to weigh in on this stuff. And around election time, it's through your vote and you know, and if you're interested, the ability to organize your friends and family around what you care about, that's on the ballot.


But this is the beauty of a democracy. We each have the power to weigh in on this. And I, and I say to everybody, however you vote, don't let anyone take your power from you. I wanna ask you a question because there again in speaking about women, there has been a very big fixation on biological children, stepchildren, women that have children versus women that don't have children. It's like a huge point somehow of this entire election. Right? I saw the governor of Arkansas said, my kids keep me humble. Unfortunately Kamala Harris doesn't have anything keeping her humble.


How did that make you feel? I don't think she understands that there are a whole lot of women out here who, one are not aspiring to be humble. Two, a whole lot of women out here who have a lot of love in their life, family in their life, and children in their life. And I think it's really important for women to lift each other up. You know, I'll tell you Alex, one of the things that I have really enjoyed about where the discussion has gone, one of the places it's gone. We have our family by blood and then we have our family by love.


And I have both and I consider it to be a real blessing. And I have two beautiful children, colon Ella who call me Mala. We have a very modern family. My husband's ex-wife is a friend of mine, you know, and also I'll tell you, look, I'm a child of divorced parents and when I started dating Doug, my husband, I was very thoughtful and and sensitive to making sure that until I knew that our relationship was something that was gonna be real, I didn't want to to form a relationship with the kids and then walk away from that relationship.


It's, I just, I it, my own experience tells me that, you know, children form attachments and you really wanna be thoughtful about it. And so I waited to meet the kids and they're my children and I love those kids to death. And family comes in many forms. And I think that increasingly, you know, all of us understand that, you know, this is not the 1950s anymore. Families come in all kinds of shapes and forms and their family. Nonetheless. It's a big conversation I have on my show because I also know there are a lot of people that, you know, don't have the ability to even have a relationship with their blood families.


Right, right, right. Whether it's through death or abuse or boundaries that are being Set. Absolutely It is. It is more common these days for people to know what boundaries are in the first place because of the conversation around mental health and to choose family and to choose people that lift them up. And I think it is a very big conversation. I wanna just say for the Daddy Gang of like, you should not feel ashamed for whatever you call your family. Family is a family and a family is a family. That's exactly right. That's, so it's, I think that's absolutely important because again, I think there's so many forces that come in very different ways that are just trying to make people feel small and alone.


I know that we all saw, obviously Taylor Swift's like sign out on her Instagram and I wanted to address Donald Trump's VP pick JD Vance called Women who Don't Have Kids, childless Cat Ladies. What message do you think this sends to women who cannot conceive or just don't want kids? I just think it's mean and mean-spirited. And I think that most Americans want leaders who understand that the measure of their strength is not based on who you beat down. The real measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up.


Almost one in four Gen Z and millennials say they don't wanna have kids because it's too damn expensive. How are you going to help young people Yeah. Not feel left behind? So first of all, it's a very real issue and we need to take it seriously and I do take it very seriously. So there are a number of issues that contribute to that, that feeling. One is housing is too expensive and we need to increase the housing supply. So part of my plan is to work with home builders in the private sector to create tax incentives to build, by the end of my first term, 3 million more housing units.


Second piece is $25,000 down payment assistance for first time home buyers. 'cause a big issue in terms of the barrier to being a homeowner is just having enough to actually put that down payment down right. To get your foot in the door. The other piece of it is we need to give tax credits and, and really understand that middle class and working people need a break. And so part of my plan is to give a hundred million more people who basically are middle class working people, tax cuts, including for young parents, a $6,000 tax cut for the first year of their child's life, which helps them buy a crib or a car seat or clothing and just get through that first year, which is such a, an important and critical stage of their child's development.


I Have a lot of listeners that are fresh outta college. Yeah, right. And they were told obviously their student loans would be forgiven and now they are drowning in student debt. What do we so to those people We are fighting and I'm gonna continue to fight for student debt relief. I mean, student loan debt is a huge issue. And to your point, it's a barrier to people being able to think, even think about starting a family, buying a home. And it just, we need to give people relief. Part of the work that we've done is I, when I've been vice president, has been to forgive student loan debt for a, a millions of people. By this point, I think over 5 million, including doubling the amount of student loan forgiveness for public servants like nurses and teachers and firefighters.


And, but we have to do more. Debt is a big issue. The other piece that I've been pushing for is, is, is helping people in terms of medical debt not being on their credit score. 'cause you know, if you rack up debt because you, you have medical bills and it can be used against your credit score, which is gonna impact your ability to get an apartment lease or a car loan or a small business loan. I mean, I think that's, I know we like don't have that much time to go into all of this, but I think the biggest problem for people right now that I'm finding that I, when I'm reading online with all these young people is people are so frustrated and just, yeah, exhausted with politics in general. People feel so they don't feel incentivized to vote because they feel like politicians are essentially like overpromising underdelivering.


Why should we trust you? So I'll say this, look, you can look at my career to know what I care about. I care about making sure that people are entitled to and receive the freedoms that they are due. I care about lifting people up and making sure that you are protected from harm. I care about tapping into the ambitions and the aspirations of people knowing that we are capable of so much. But you can't, you can't grow the strength of our country if you, if you underestimate the capacity of, of each person. Right. Which is why another thing that I'm really focused on is, is small businesses and startups and giving startups a $50,000 tax deduction.


'cause right now it's $5,000 and you can't start up anything, any small business with $5,000. But the bottom line is this, I believe in the promise of America, I have not been able to be the first in every position that I've had. Were it not for the promise of America? I believe in our country. I love our country and I believe that leadership has to be about knowing our capacity and then investing in the people. Because lifting up each person that we do is about lifting up the whole Madam Vice President, thank you so much for coming on.


Caller Daddy, it was truly an Honor. Thank you. And thank you for your voice.