
Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Ever since switching to T-Mobile, something weird has been happening. I get to cut lines. Oh right this way. Who me? I can stream shows at 30,000 feet and I was able to buy reserve tickets for my favorite band. It's not just you with T-Mobile, everyone can get VIP status. That means access to exclusive events and experiences just for being a customer. At T-Mobile VIP means YOU. Check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


This episode is brought to you by Lieb, by Eve St. Laurent. Lieb Nu is the perfect statement. Bold yet light with notes of citrus and floral alcohol free, long lasting and completely unforgettable. Find it now at Sephora.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy Winnie Harlow. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Thank you so much. Thank you for having me. Sorry I'm losing my voice. No, I just said I'm like a sultry, raspy voice for a podcast. Hello. Should we do a little This is Call Her Daddy. We're here Little As smr. Yeah, little ASMR vibe. I'm sorry but we have to get right into it. You just walked in here and I'm blinded by your hand. You just got engaged. Congratulations. Thank you. Tell me the story. I need to know like how he did it, how it happened.


Tell me everything. It's so funny 'cause I'm telling the story but like I was the last one to know about it. Oh my God. Everyone like my whole team was like, did you not realize that we've been avoiding you for the past two weeks? I was like, no, I was none the wiser Stop. It was so cute. Kyle told me that he wanted to go to Turks for Valentine's Day and I was like, that is so cute. It's like my favorite place other than Jamaica. 'cause I'm Jamaican. But we went, I got super sick. Classic, classic. I got So romantic, Super sick and I feel like everyone was like super scared like, is this gonna ruin the trip?


Kyle was like, don't worry, once this goes down she will forget. She's completely sick and rightfully so. He was so right. This whole trip was incredible. I, I got ready, I took a shower in the morning and he came into the bathroom and he was like, but you look good. I was like, thank you because this is gonna be a good trip. We're gonna have a great time. He, he was like, yeah, we're gonna have a great time. This is gonna be a great trip. Oh my God, we, when you, 'cause when I remember when I got engaged I was similar to you where like everyone around me was like, knew every detail to the point where like my husband flew my friends out and my family out. Like everyone was there and I Isn't that so beautiful?


It's so beautiful to know that. I don't know. I feel like when you become an adult there's little moments where you actually feel like you get surprised in life and you actually are enjoying like people coming together and doing something special for you because when you're an adult it's like you're getting the niece and nephews or your kids the presents for the holiday. Like it's just not as magical in moments For sure. And when you have the people in your life come together to like make this fun moment that's so grand. You're like, I'm Always a part. Like I'm sure you are a part of like the planning of everything. So it was like, yes, I can't believe you guys pulled this off And not only pulled it off but pulled it off as if I was a part of the planning.


Everything was so perfect that I would've thought I was a part of. Right? You're like, I would've picked that. I would've picked that. Everything. Everything. Wait, can you give us like how he actually physically did it?


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Vuori. I think we all can agree that when you feel good in your outfit when you're working out, I don't know for you guys but like I then want to work out because it actually makes me feel motivated. I'm like, oh I look amazing. This outfit is adorable. Upgrade your workout gear with super comfy, versatile and stylish Vuori apparel designed to work out in and look great in every day life. You need to check out their performance jogger part of re's dream knit collection. The Performance jogger is great for stretching or lounging. It is perfect for low impact workouts. The performance joggers, dream knit fabric is moisture wicking and made from 89% recycled materials. Listen, I love a jogger. I love to wear it to work. I love it to work out. I love it to lounge in. I love to go on date nights in a lounger like you kind of can't go wrong with a jogger because it just depends what are you putting up on top and then we keep it moving. Daddy Gang. Okay, so if you are sitting there looking at your closet and you're like, why have I not restocked my peril floor workouts or even just for lounge, Vuori is the place to be. They also have many other styles outside of their joggers. They have a halo crop, they have a long sleeve, they have performance hoodies, they have shorts. So Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of The most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash Call Her Daddy. That's VUOR i.com/ Call Her Daddy exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. Now is your time to build on a hobby or establish a global empire. And while the entrepreneurial path is never linear, Shopify will have your back at any stage no matter how many detours you encounter on the journey. Daddy Gang, I have talked about how Shopify has been truly so integral to my personal business and anyone out there that is on a new venture or is in the middle of their venture and you're trying to figure out how you can get to that next level. It is Shopify. Shopify is a commerce platform that allows you to start, grow and manage a business. It can be as simple as a side hustle or a multimillion dollar fundraiser. The cool thing is that Shopify is behind so many brands. Millions of people in over 170 countries are selling online and in person using this platform. And you can too. There are tons of fun themes to choose from and it's easy to use drag and drop edit. You can even tag and sell your products globally and across all social media platforms where the customers are. Shopify. Thank you so much for being such obviously a huge part of my business. It has made it easier. Daddy Gang. I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is how to delegate and not take everything on my back and on my shoulders. And Shopify has been that go-to for me when I am selling product. They make it easy and they make it a great good experience. So Daddy Gang, it's time to build your brand. Head to Shopify dot com slash daddy to see how easy it is to start your business today.


Can you give us like how he actually physically did it? So we went, we were getting on the plane to go to the the trip. Okay. And he opened the door and it was decorated to the nines and I was like, this is so cute for Valentine's Day. Like babe, like stop. I already like started watering up. Right. But it was like, okay, stop. Like get it together. He wants to read me a poem that he wrote. And so Kyle just got traded from The Wizards to Milwaukee and we were joking, you know, he's like, I'm going off to work now, you know I'll, I'll, I'll see you soon.


Can't wait for you to come to Milwaukee. I was like, write me a love letter My my love, my sergeant send me a love letter. And it was just a joke, you know. But he took that and wrote me a love letter to propose. It was the cutest ever. I was like tearing up crying but crying just because it was so cute. I still had no idea. So first you're like, he decks out this plane, you're on this gorgeous pj. Yes. You're like, okay, my man is like really spoiling me. Yes. Then he is reading you a goddamn love letter and you're like, I am so in love with you. Yes. Like already you're happy, you're ready to go. Exactly. You're like, I'm good. This is gonna be a great trip. Like absolutely this is gonna be an amazing Valentine's Day, But it's around Valentine's Day so you're already just feeling it was the day before.


Okay, so it's like romantic. You're feeling the vibes and then how does he pop the question? So at the end of the poem, the way he wrote it, it was like as if he was gonna say, will you be my Valentine? And it was, will you be my wife? And literally like just went into shock. I just, I was already crying and just flooded with tears at that point. And he pulled out, hit the box, got out in one knee and I was like, yes, I you need to see it. I don't, you need to see it. Yes, yes, yes. Okay, first of all, that is so fucking cute.


And were you guys alone or was your family around you? We were alone. So apparently he wanted to do it in Turks. Yeah. With the family and everything. And just last minute he changed his mind and was like, guys, I'm doing it on the plane. And our moms were so mad like tell him he has to do it here. He has to be here, we need to see it. How could he? And he was like, y'all go enjoy the beach. Right. Have a good old time. Y'all are in Turks and Caicos have a great time. I'm doing it the way I want. And I love that he did that. It was so beautiful, so romantic. It was just him and I and then surprise everyone was in Turks. I had no clue as well. Oh, So you had no clue that you were about to land.


So you thought you were gonna have this like weekend getaway with your fiance and then you land and it's like your mom and everyone is there. Yeah. Oh that's so special. My mom, my dad, my sister, his mom. Like literally everyone was there. I screamed. Okay. I am now convinced because I feel like we have a lot of overlapping in our engagement stories. We're like, I'm Hearing that too. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Because now I'm like really vibing with this and I'm like, if any man still watches Call Her Daddy or whatever woman is forcing you to watch this show. Yep. Take notes because take notes. I think the concept of having an alone moment with your partner and having like the privacy and intimacy of an alone moment. Like he made the right decision by you guys. Got to have that time alone a couple hours on your own and then once it sinks in, then you wanna be with the people you love most.


Absolutely. That is like the perfect combination. Perfect. Because then I, I'm sure like how I felt in that moment. I'd love to hear how you felt on the plane ride was like Matt did it at our house and it was so romantic and I was in such shock that I kept being like, I've gotta call my mom, I've gotta call my mom and dad. And he was like, we'll call them in a minute. Let's have some champagne babe. Like, and I was like, same. You're right. Right, okay. Right. You're like, I need to tell my parents. And then I'm like, did you ask my parents? And he was like, yes, same. And I'm like, no, no, no. I pro. He's like, I promise They said yes. And like I'm going through all of this. So he's trying to calm me down. So in hindsight I'm like, poor Matt is like, bitch they're already fucking waiting for you. Like just enjoy the moment alone with me. But it then allowed me to like have an intimate kiss, like hug each other, talk about it, ask him the detailed questions of how he came up with this and give him kind of like the credit he deserves 100% And then let the family go.


Because it's like how Much pressure? Like it's so much pressure. I, I big them up like incredible. He did such a good job. Funny enough. Like even my nails, my nail tech is actually from LA and I used to live here and I moved to DC with him and I've been like missing my nail tech 'cause like oh my god. I mean of course we love our nail ticks and he messaged me my nail tech to be like, Hey, I have family in DC my cousin's birthday is tomorrow so I'm flying out there. Do you need your nails? And like lashes done. I was like, oh babe, guess what Lo is coming out here.


It's just a coincidence. Such a amazing coincidence. You know, I had been missing him and he was like, that's in, why is he out here? I was like, apparently he has family. I don't dunno. Wait and Kyle actually set the whole thing up. No. Okay, that's actually I'm gonna hype. Yeah babe, your man up for a second. Yeah babe. That is next level shit. To be like, I'm going to think about my girl's nails to the point where I am going to fly. What would she want out her nail tech, the trusted person that does her nails so she feels so gor. Okay, okay Kyle. Well now you're just like making everyone look mad nuts. Holy sh. That's so nice. And then you look down, you're like, Okay, so I'm in the car on the way to the plane and he was like, you were so annoying in the car.


It was hilarious. I just kept looking. So he gave me this bracelet for Valentine's Day. Of course. So I'm like none the wiser, like I already got my Valentine's Day gift the day before. Like we're on our way to our trip and I'm like looking at my bracelet and my hands and my nails and I'm like, babe, like the handpicks like at the beach. Like it's gonna be so nice and his head. And he's like, yeah it is. He's like, you even know. Shouldn't even know we. Okay. So I want to hear though about the ring because I feel like this is just like such fun girl stuff that like some people grow up wanting it, some people don't, but when it happens it's so beautiful and it's such a moment that you like can cherish forever. The ring is, it's so stunning.


Thank you. There's not words but can you tell us like did you talk about engagement and if you did, did you give him ideas of what you wanted as a ring or is this like full surprise he did this on his own? So We've been talking about engagement for the past year. Okay. But just like, like we started doing like marriage counseling and you know, just talking about our future and like how many kids we want and all that type of stuff. Like where would you wanna get married? Like just communicating. Yeah. You know, like I think it's so important to be able to learn good communication before you even take that step. Yep. And so, you know, I had sent him like some rings that I had been saving for years.


Like I look back on my phone and it's like 2000 and like 15. I have like pictures of rings that like now my idea of what I wanted to has evolved. Yeah. But just the idea of it being like classic and fairytale like was my, you know, thought process on it. And I feel like he executed incredibly, like this looks nothing like anything that I've ever shown him. But that was, I also try to make that very clear. Like, this is not, I'm showing you this 'cause I want this ring, I want whatever you create. 'cause he's also super creative. Okay. That is like, I agree. I think listen, there's gonna be girls out there where it's like, for the love of God, do not let your man pick the ring if your life depends on it.


'cause he can't even like put two of the same colored socks on in the morning. He's gonna pick a horrible ring. And I love the girls that are like, so this is it. Yeah. It's on hold over there. Yeah. And then I do appreciate also like the other side of it where like you're saying like you had a vision lightly, but you let him run with it. 100%. It's so stunning. He Took like three months to design and make it with the jeweler. And it was so funny like him talking to me about it and like why he did different things. Like he was like, I thought about doing like diamonds around it, but I thought it won't be comfortable for her to wear. And I was like hitting my leg. I was like, yeah, you're so right. Like I don't even feel anything. You're so like all the other rings, I'm like, oh my gosh. Yeah. Right.


I can Like, I feel the same way. Yeah. It hurt Somebody like shaking their hand or something. It's so like well thought Out. The attention to detail. Exactly. And then for the rest of the weekend in Turks, like what would you say with your family and your friends and now your fiance, like what was your favorite moment of the like weekend proposal moments? Like after the proposal? Yeah. Because I was like, You're like that that is my favorite part. But then once you got there with your family, I think The surprise that everyone was there. Did you sob? Sob? I, I felt in my knees. Like when, When did you know they were there? We arrived and he was just showing me like it was all decorated and like we had flowers and pictures pinned up of us over the years.


It was so beautiful. And we walked out to like the backyard area and the DJ just dropped music and everyone was like, surprise. It was incredible. Those moments where you're like, no, I thought that this was enough and now this like you've gotta be kind More and more and more. And I could like, each moment was such a surprise and I was so happy that like I'm not that type of person who wants to figure it out. Yeah. So I'm so happy. I was like none the wiser to anything. It's so beautiful and I love engagement stories. But I wanna rewind because from what I've read, Kyle had to shoot his shot twice with you. Like you wouldn't, at one point you wouldn't even give this man the time today.


I'm like, this is so lovely. I'm like, Winnie, this is pure love. Let's Start from the beginning. Yeah. You, you basically ghosted this fucking man. What happened? What was going on? No. So I, I met him. I actually originally met him at Fashion Week. Okay. Briefly. I was entering a party and he was leaving the party. Okay. And it was these like, I think like two or three tall guys who were leaving a fashion party. It was like Harper's Bizarre icons or something. Yeah. And he was like, yo, so where's the after party? And I didn't really look at them so I was like, I don't know. And I looked, I was like, well they're tall, he's kind of cute but whatever, you know, like we're walking to the party and I, I turned back and I was like, DM me.


'cause like he must know who I am if he's like, you know, trying to see where I'm going. Right. So I was like, oh DM me. And then I guess he dmd me but I never seen it. You know how like Instagram's kinda like tricky. Like they'll put it into like another Yeah. You gotta work for that shit. So I just didn't see it and I What, Do you know what he said? I don't actually. Okay. We need to go, we need to fucking scroll back up at some point the way, way back. Yeah. I, I don't remember what he said but a year later during the pandemic, okay. I was living in New York and he lived in LA he was playing for the Lakers and I just signed to Puma as an ambassador and he was signed to Puma at the time.


So he posted me to say congratulations unlike me getting my puma like welcome to the Puma family. Like on his story. On His story. Oh My. That's kind of like flirty. Right, right. Like cute. But I didn't see it as well Winnie you're like I am never on my phone or I just was not meant for a little bit to see this man. You know What, it makes it even sweeter 'cause it's like it was meant to be truly it was meant to be. You Kept swerving this man left him. Right. And finally not on purpose. Not on purpose, but when I saw it it was 24 hours after. And you know what? The story is gone. Oh. And just has mentioned and you're like, What was that? I was sick. I was like, I don't even know what he posted. Like was it cute?


Like what? Right. Like this man that I don't really know, like he just posted me on his fucking story and it's not like he, and it's not like this is not something that's gonna be seen by people. You both have followings where it's like what is that? What that? Right. Okay. So I dmd him and I was like, Hey that, what was that? And he was like, oh I was just congratulating you on like your puma deal. I was like, oh that's so sweet. Thank you. Appreciate it. Sweet. And obviously in the pandemic we have nothing to do. So I was like cool. Like so what? What have you been up to in the pandemic? You know, whatever small talk. And we were messaging back and forth for a bit, but it was like I would message and then like five hours would pass and I wouldn't realize that he responded.


Yeah. And then I would see it and it was just like three days of like small talk. Yeah. And I was like, hey you know what, I'm not really super good at dms. Like here's my number. Text me. And so yeah. Then we texted for like a few days and then he started FaceTiming me and he was like super sweet. He would like have an interview to do. You know like everybody was doing that whole like zoom interview stuff. Yes. And he had an interview to do. He was like, Hey I have like some work to do. I'll call you back in an hour. And I was like, yeah, okay cool. Like here call me back in an hour. An hour. Literally called me back and I was like a man of his word. We love this.


We love this. Wow. And so it just naturally progressed. That's like I girl we have like this, I we're so in simpatico with this. I'm like, I met my man like literally online. Yep. On Zoom. What did you did? FaceTime. So we had like a random meeting that my agent was having me meet like with like TV and movie producers just to see if like I would ever wanna do something in that space. And he was like my last zoom of the day and I always joked to him because I had these like men that were like fucking 60. Right. Not that there's anything wrong with you. Yeah. But they were like 60 and I'm like in my hoodie I'm like looking not that cute. And then the last zoom of the day, he was late. So I like Googled him and I was like, wait, he's fucking young and hot. What the hell? I'm like putting my fucking lip liner. I'm over lining my lips, I'm pushing my tits up.


I get on the Zoom, I'm like hello. Hey. And he was just so cute and charming but also like not overly like oh my God I wanna be in business with the Call Her Daddy girl. So I kind of loved it. Yeah. That he wasn't giving me too much of the time of day. Right. And then we ended up talking and then I flew to LA and met him. And when, When was this? This was in 2020. You lived in New York, right? Yeah. And Kyle lived in la Yeah, I lived in New York and Matt lived in LA and we met in the pandemic online. Oh my. No. And then we What is a Synergy? No, It's weird. I'm telling you. That's why. That's nuts. I was so excited to talk to you today because then seeing your engagement, I was like girl we have too much in common right now. That's crazy. Can I ask you though, like when you started to talk to Kyle, were you looking for a relationship?


Like when was your last relationship prior to him? Probably like two years. Okay. Prior. And I wasn't looking for a relationship but like I think it was just, I like to, I like to like talk to someone who's serious. Yep. You know? So I do have that in mind. Like I did have that in mind when I was like, you know, talking to people. But it was just, you know, friendly conversation at first and like good conversation then too. Which was beautiful. And it was a pandemic so we had so much time to get to know each other. Yeah. And I feel like that was such a blessing as well.


Were you at all like you're an athlete? I don't know about athletes. Like were you at all nervous? Because I feel like some girls are like, you go in and you're like, oh here we go again. Yeah. And he seems obviously he's amazing. Yeah. But like did you have any preconceived notions? I I, I feel like I did like once upon a time when I was like in my early twenties, like I would never date an athlete like yeah. Too much. But when it did happen it was kind of like not really a thought. It was like cool. You know what like it's a good conversation and even if we just become friends, like that's cool too, you know? It's cute. Yeah. Talk to me about the pros and cons of being in a long distance relationship At first because I have so many women right into me being like, what do I do?


And like what was your experience with it? Did you ever get annoyed? Was it good because it was covid that you were like fine with it? Yeah. I mean I think because I didn't know him it was cool but we talked for like a month straight and it got to the point where like we were like falling asleep on the phone and like waking up on the phone and I remember the first time I like was like, okay cool, we on FaceTime for a minute. Like I just, I need to take off my makeup. Like That is like a big Moment. My phone down, I was like washing my face and he was just right there on the phone. I was like, listen, I love this too much. Like I'm in my house, I can't go nowhere. Like I need to un glam. And from then we would just be like on the phone nonstop.


And I feel like we talked for a month straight. Okay. And then he was like, you gotta come to la. Yeah. So we were long distance getting to know each other. Yeah. But that was cool. And then I went to LA not knowing when I was coming back 'cause it's also again a pandemic. So there's nothing for us to do. And it was kind of like, I always say like he's like Superman. He rescued me from the Pandemic 'cause I was by myself. So did you end up moving in the pandemic? I did. Okay. So we're, but you know what the thing is, we both gave up. I, I always wanted to live in la. Interesting. So right before the pandemic I was already looking at houses.


Oh okay. So that was in your future. Yeah, It wasn't my future but it got like cut because the pandemic hit Right. I to go back home and then it was kind of like what do I do? Do I like go home to Toronto and stay with my family? Do I like stay here. Okay. You need to talk to me though about the weird part of social media is yes, you saw this man one time coming out of a club quickly. Right. And like barely, you just notice his height. You're not like really focused on him. You meet him in person basically for the first time. And even though you guys have been talking like Yeah, were you nervous at all? Like physically so Nervous. Like you've never like kiss shitting Bricks. Like I was kiss This man literally like my stomach hurts when I get nervous. I was like actually literally shitting bricks.


Like I was so nervous. And then he came out to like help put my luggage and stuff and he had no shirt on. It was like hot in LA and I was like, I'm already nervous. No, please. Oh my these Like please because you're like, I thought a lot about that of like, when you're telling this story I'm like, as much as you're sharing, which is a weird beautiful thing. I do think when people give people shit of like meeting online and I wish I met them romantically in a bar and whatever. It's like there is something so gorgeous I felt with my husband of, we did the same thing where we're like FaceTiming every single, we're like Covid couples where it's like you're FaceTiming every night you're talking. We were getting so much deeper than maybe we would've been if we were just like out for drinks in LA and having like one hour dinners And everything happens for a reason too.


Right. But then you're like, now let's See if we Physically connect. And I like you had the feeling. Yeah. But still, do you remember the first time that you were like, oh my God, okay. Like we're gonna like kiss and make out. Like was it immediate or did you guys wait to like physically connect? It was immediate. It was, it was definitely immediate. But I feel like, well we, I remember we would like play like 21 questions and stuff like get to know each other on the phone and then it felt like we were running outta questions like how long we were staying on the phone. So I started like ordering games that were like 21 questions for like new questions. Which was so much fun too. 'cause I was like, I would've never thought about this. Right. But we felt like we knew each other so well by that point.


Like we literally were on the phone like 12 hours straight. Right. Like every day. So cute. No hangups. We would like watch movies and like be like okay on the count of three, press play. 1, 2, 3. Is it aligned? Perfect. Okay, cool. That is adorable.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Lululemon Daddy Gang, we all know that having a good work outfit makes the workout so much better. In my opinion it is make or break. Okay. There is nothing worse than when you're trying to do squats in a pair of leggings that are slipping down. Or even worse they're see through. Okay. This is why I'm so happy that I have the Lululemon glow up tight. The fit, it's snug. I like it. It's above the hips, super stretchy through the legs. It's all working out and you feel secure and ready to crush a workout. So maybe you're hitting the gym, maybe you're on a walk. Maybe you're on a walk with your dogs AK me the glow uptight. It's sleek, it's smooth and it's super comfortable. I have been wearing these tights literally everywhere. I have multiple pairs. I actually just wore this on a date night with Matt the other night. Threw on a little oversized sweater. Felt gorgeous. When I look good I feel good. And these tights give me that confidence. Don't hold back. Visit your local Lululemon store or shop online at Lululemon dot com to get your glow UPT tights.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jack in the box, Jack's new crispy boneless wings pack. So Munch Crunch you guys. I love a good wing. These wings are super crunchy, unlike other boneless wings that get soggy and they're kind of just like mushy. We all know how that is. Jack's wings retain the crunch so that you have the best of both worlds s sauciness and Crunch. And let's talk about the sauces because you will love them so mu you gotta try the new smoke show Smoky barbecue sauce and the honey garlic sriracha. Both. I love a good honey garlic sriracha flavor. It is something that gets my gears going and when I have a little smoky barbecue sauce lathered on my wings, I cannot be stopped. Okay. I love a good wing, but if it does not have a crunch, I start to be like, what is this texture and why is it happening? So Daddy Gang, you can always get so much more at Jack In the Box, like free food. When you sign up for the Jack app,


what is your ideal night out like? Tell me about your social life. Yeah, like if you have your choice and you're going out somewhere, like what are you doing? What are you eating? What's your vibe? I like going to restaurants, but I feel like I'm, I'm such a like movie like inside like let's like just be in like chill lounge clothes. Yeah. And like watch a movie and like yeah. Vibe. Do you drink? Yeah. What's Your go-to drink cocktail? Wine cocktail? Yeah. I like mix something if I'm just getting something on the menu. Yeah. I love a leechy martini with extra lee cheese. I like a martini love, I like an espresso martini. I like, I get on my espresso martini rai. I'm like, it's so good. I like sweet drinks. Yeah. Okay. But I do like, like a dirty martini as well. Oddly like I love olives.


Okay. Are when you're drunk, are you the life of the party, are you the person like Irish exiting or are you the drunk crier or like who are you in your friend group? I am like life of the party and like talker, like love, I love to communicate. It's like all the inhibitions are down. It's like I love you so much. Like you don't understand, like I feel like you're the baddest like period. I feel like I'd run into you in a bathroom at a party in LA and we would be doing this but like more annoying be like, no Whitney. No, But you don't, no you don't get it. But you're so gorgeous. No, that's so girl coded.


You're just like, shut up. And we're like, shut up. No you Shut. Shut up. It's fun. Shut up. That's literally, literally Matt is always like, what? But what could you guys have been talking about? And I'm like, what do you mean? What do you mean? Like there's so much to discuss. Yeah. Oh my god I You get it. Okay. You're one of The most famous supermodels in the world, so I wanna play a quick game. Okay. Just to like catch your vibe. Let's do it. I'm going to give you a crazy modeling scenario and you're gonna tell me if you would book it or you would back out of the gig. Okay. Pose in a live snake pit. How many snakes? Oh I see me. I'd be like, I wouldn't, don't even So you're down. Yeah. What's the craziest like modeling thing you've done for like safety?


I'm not really scared of snakes like I did for Halloween one year. So a lot of fans would tell me that I remind them of Chiara. Okay. I don't know if you know that cartoon. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I just leaned into it. I did it for Halloween but I had like a whole jungle set up so I got like snakes to come and like I was holding the snakes. There was this big, it was like the yellow snake Python. It's A python, right? Something. Yeah, something like that. Yeah I was, I was like, it's either a python or a bow construction. I don't know Something. But you did one of those big things. I had the big like yellow Britney Spears snake. I had a few little ones. Okay, so you're down for this shit. This is good to know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anything for the shot honestly. So I respect it. Yeah.


Would you do a shoot with an ex-boyfriend? Mm. As she looks down At her brain knee and my knee and my knee and No. No. I feel like also everything is communication too. Mm. So like now if it was like a Dior campaign, I don't have any control and da da da, whatever. It's just like babe this is a situation. Whatever. I feel like we're also very understanding too. And that's a part of our careers. You know? That's a good point. Like you may come across someone whatever. As long as like we are aware, you know? Yes. You're not being like shady and not talking about it. For sure. If it's like upfront and it's gonna really help you career. I agree. For sure. Boom. Yeah. Get your nipples pierce for the shoot.


Hmm. I don't know, I've, I actually always wanted my nipples pierce. Okay. But like the pain, like I feel like those are one of the piercings that don't heal very quickly. I have so I love girls that do it, but I could never do that. Yeah. I am such a little bitch with pain. I would be like, I, I would, I couldn't. Yeah. I just could never, I Love the aesthetic Though. Oh my god. Like a little like white T-shirt and you see I'm like girl you're crushing. Absolutely. I love the aesthetic. I couldn't but I don't know. I feel like also, I mean shoot, if I was doing it for the shoot I could take it out and it would heal. I don't know. I don't know about that one. Okay. Do a month long shoot somewhere like in Antarctica or something Crazy. But you have to be gone for a month.


Antarctica now like can we change it to like Barba? Yeah. Like I would though. I would like you for a, if there was like a film that like I was like super into and I got the role. Okay. I'd be like have to. That's good to know. Yeah. Okay. You were once on America's Next Top model. Can you describe your experience in three words? I would say unique, surprising. And is this one word Stepping stone. Oh That's good. Yeah. No that's good. That's a good word. Have you ever watched your season back? Long time ago. Okay.


Long time ago. 'cause it was like 10 years, like damn near a decade ago. Since America's not next top model ended, obviously so many people have come out and just been like they didn't have the best experience and some people were like, this was a traumatic experience for me. Like what was your take in your experience? I Would say I love that every job that I've had in my career has led me to the point that I'm at now. And so I wouldn't change anything in my life in general because I am so happy and nothing, anything that could have changed would not have led me here. That's A great point. No, I feel like that's like the weirdest part of life is like I look back at certain things people always ask me about like my first job that I had or an experience that I had that like maybe even if it was like considered in people's mind, like more negative in the public eye.


Like I feel like I have now grown so much where I have, I actually can genuinely say I have perspective. Right. And when you're so close to something you don't. And so even if in the moment you could say this is amazing or negative or whatever, then once you get like 10 years down the line, even five years down the line you're like whoa, I am so grateful for what that taught me. Me. Absolutely. Because then like what else are we gonna do? Like whatever it is, like the energy then like festers in a capacity for sure. Like you don't grow It's energy that you put into it as well, you know? Totally. And I feel like anything that happens, like I was 18 when I was on the show. That's what I was gonna say. You're 18 then you're done the show like 19, right?


Like did you ever struggle with confidence like as a whole, as a teenager obviously going on that type of show. I think people think like these are The most beautiful women in the world. Like oh my gosh to be a model you must have such confidence. Like what were you going through? I feel like you can have an off day any day. Like it doesn't matter how old you are or how young you are. Like sometimes I might be breaking out or you know, whatever the case is and like I'm like okay cool. Like this is a for me out thing. Yeah. Like but you, you're still that girl. Don't worry about it. That's such a good point of like I look back when I was in high school let's say compared to now even like even using acne as an example, struggled with acne so much in high school and was like this is the end of the world now when I'm like struggling with acne, I'm like I don't care anymore.


But again, I think that's fair to say because you're just at a different stage in your life where you know how to handle things better of like I think when you're young insecure of two, you focus so much on other people's opinions, you know? And I think once I learned that and once I even acknowledge that a lot of my insecurities were coming from the opinions of other people. Yeah. I was like, why do I actually care about what you think about me? Like I care about what I think about me. Yeah. And like I care if I think I'm a good person, if I'm a beautiful person, all those things, that's what really matters. So I think that's like when people ask me about like how are you so confident?


Yeah. It's like because I focus on my opinion of myself and that's not to say like if someone says something it can't be hurtful. Yeah. But it's like the ability to let it roll off your back sometimes. You know, it's not, it's not always nobody's perfect. Totally for sure. But the ability to let it roll off your back, your back and let your own opinion stand foremost is that's the key I feel. Period. Can we talk about your early dating life? What was your first romantic relationship? Like? My first ever? Yeah. Was in like elementary school.


Okay. But like your first fart. Yeah. No fuck him. No, No. Like so cute. It's adorable. So adorable. But the first one that you were like, oh I'm like in love. Yeah. And this is like a real thing. I Feel like I don't see nobody like I don't see nobody really? Yes. I don't see nobody. And also I feel like being in such a serious relationship, it all so allows you to like realize when you're so young and you feel like, oh my god, heartbreak, I'm so in love. Like you don't even know what love is. What has set your relationship up like with Kyle? Like apart from the previous relationships you've had?


Because I do wanna say I agree with you that like in the moment, and it doesn't take away from anyone experiencing it right now, but like when you feel so like lost and why doesn't he do this or that, like you're not in the right relationship. Yeah. And it's so hard to see it. But then once you do find the right one you're like if He wanted to to, he Would. So like If he wanted to he would. And it's like then you like almost laugh at yourself but it takes finding the right example to then be like, oh my god for sure. What was I thinking? It's all an experience, you know? Yeah, that's a good point. It's all a life experience and it's also helping to teach you what you are looking for because unless you, you know, have experiences you won't know. Were you always when you were dating like very straight up or were you ever a little like coy playing games?


Like I feel like I've always been straight up but I've also always been like a little like nervous. Yes. That's fair. What is the biggest red flag you've ever ignored? Ooh. The biggest red flag I've ever ignored is my mom saying no. Such a good one. Yeah. No, Like I don't see it like fuck let me be let I mama you. Right. You right. It's so hard when you're in it when your mom says that 'cause you're like, no, like you just don't get it. Like you don't, you don't understand him Mom. Hey girl. No listen to your mom.


Yeah, listen to your mom. So true. But like it's so hard in that moment because you're trying to express your individuality and a lot of times when we have our first young relationships, you're trying to separate yourself from when your parents were like, you're not allowed to go out or you're not allowed. So it's like you're like I wanna make my own decisions independent of you. But then at some point you go back and you're like, wait mom, why didn't you tell me? And she's like, why you talking? I've been telling you. Yeah for a year Alex. For sure. That man is a walking red flag. And I'm like really? You said that? I don't remember that. Huh? No that is so yeah what You said that That's so humbling when they just stare at you and you're like it's over.


And they're like finally And you're like, mom, you and Kyle both have such intense careers. Can you talk about how you guys prioritize making time together? Because it's such a simple concept but it is very hard when you have crazy schedules. Like how do you make it work? Communication, it's so like corny to say. Yeah. But like it literally is that without communication, like how do you know where that person's gonna be? Like he's on my schedule, I'm on his schedule. But then also it's helpful that the NBA has a schedule that is true. You know there. Yeah. So I'll plan things like around his schedule sometimes and then he'll check my schedule to be like, okay cool, I actually see that I'm playing here and you're gonna be there for work.


Yeah. So it like it's all communication And I think like I said that the other day someone said something about like how do like with Matt and I'm like, we communicate and I'm like oh my God, you're right. Like it sounds so simple, but again, when I look back at previous partners that I had it so isn't simple because some people make it possible. Communication Is hard, Right? Yeah. And it sounds easy but like everyone listening, you've been there. It's the key. It's not easy though. It's definitely not easy. It's the key but it's hard especially getting to know someone and then like people have their own feelings about different things like oh like their own traumas from the past. Like so many different things. Like everybody's so different. But you know what I'm like thinking about when we're talking too, which is like the pros of how our relationship started with the men that we're with is like Matt and I, and it seems like you and Kyle did this where it was like the amount of conversations we had on FaceTime where we naturally wouldn't have probably been talking that long and extensively, right?


Had we been in the same area because it would be like, oh our friends are all going to the dinner or we're all going out tonight and oh we're going to sleep or we're watching the movie. Like the amount of conversations we've had, it kind of just became this like prerequisite in our relationship that set us up for like we don't how to not communicate like Right. That is literally what we started our relationship off of. So I, I think That's so, so much different though. Like I agree with that but I think it's different when it becomes like you guys are together. Yep. And and then also like he ended up getting traded to Washington and so I was still in LA when he was in Washington at first and like even like our lives changed so much too.


And so our communication has to evolve. That's a good point. And so like that is even a part of like why I wanted to go to marriage counseling because I think it's, it's better to create a good foundation than have to go and find a counselor when things are at a bad place. You know like I want to be able to have the tools to work through all the obstacles that are going to come in life. Like yeah, what whatever relationship, whether it's with your parents, with your friends with, there's always gonna be obstacles in life, but being able to have those tools of how to navigate and even understand each other deeper. Totally. You Know, like you saying this also Winnie, I appreciate because I was talking about this with my friend, she had gone into couples therapy and she was like why do I feel this like weird shame around admitting that I'm in couples therapy?


And I was like, but yet it's so normal. I love it. I say it to everyone, I love it, I love It. You're like, I am in marriage counseling Love. I love it. Go. But and I think it's also like that stigma too is why I like talking about it because I enjoy it so much. Yeah. I'm like, I hate that nobody talks about it because it's so necessary. Like you want to understand your partner, you want to be able to communicate with your partner and sometimes it is difficult but learning the tools is like the first step And I think you normalizing like you can be going to therapy to even better yourself. It's not always because something's wrong in crisis mode. It's the same thing when you're in therapy for yourself.


Like I've gotten to the point where when I'm talking to my therapist I'm like, I don't really have much going on today, but like I'm happy. Like let's dive into like other stuff that like maybe I can work on that's not at the forefront of my brain. Right? It's like we can always evolve, we can always get better, but when people think about couples therapy, they're like, what's wrong? And you're like nothing. We're literally just trying to be as solid as we can be. Yeah. As we enter these next stages of life together. For sure. I love that conversation. Love it. Just like normalizing it. Yeah. So Daddy Gang, if you're going to couples therapy, don't let people fucking judge you. Kudos to you. Okay. Have you guys ever gone through a lull like physically because of your schedules and how do you guys come back together and like make time to physically connect and be present with each other?


This is an advertisement from Better Help. I cannot express how much of a Game Changer Therapy has been for me over the past few years. I would not be anywhere near where I am today without it. Going on a therapy journey gave me the tools I needed to set healthy boundaries, practice clear communication, and end the unhealthy habits that were holding me back. Setting aside time to focus on yourself is so crucial for Personal Growth and Daddy Gang. You do not have to do it alone. In a society that glorifies being extremely independent, it's so easy for us to forget that we are so much better when we have a support system. Therapy can be that amazing source of support you're looking for in any area of your life. Whether you are working on finding balance or you're goal setting or you're trying to break toxic patterns, it all just gets so much easier when you ask for help. As the largest online therapy provider in the world Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. This month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing is worth it, so don't miss it. For a limited time visit better help.com/daddy to get 90% off your first week. That's better help HEL p.com/daddy


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. Tinder is back and it's easier than ever to put yourself out there. Whether you're looking for a date, maybe just a vibe or someone to send unhinged memes to. Real connections happen here every day. A new relationship starts on Tinder every three seconds. Tinder gives you the freedom to meet people your way. If you've been waiting for a sign, this is it, Daddy Gang. Explore all the possibilities for yourself. Tinder, it starts with a swipe download Tinder today.


Have you guys ever gone through a lull like physically because of your schedules and how do you guys come back together and like make time to physically connect and be present with each other? I think we actually like just recently had that conversation like sometimes I'll be traveling and he'll be working and I'll come back and he's in work mode, you know? And that was one of the things that we learned through couples therapy is like when say he leaves and comes back or I leave and come back, like making those moments and times to like reconnect whenever we come back together is so important. Because like I could come back from like a two week trip and then he's like in his schedule like focused, you know, like he works, works out at a certain time.


He wakes up up, he wakes up at a certain time, he goes to the the, the arena. He all that stuff. He's like locked and loaded and then it's like, Hey, I'm back. You know? Like yeah. But making that important, you know, when he comes back home it's like super important. Like I want the house to be nice and clean. Yeah. I want to like that movie that we talked about last week, like have it lined up. You know like all those things that just kind of bring that connection back together is so important. It's so hard to, like every time someone asks me I'm like, I would be lying if I said, and I think again, this is why this conversation is so healthy to have of like, I would be lying if I said that Matt and I throughout our relationship have not had to have multiple check-ins being like, we need to to, and you always will as well.


We need to reconnect always As you always will. But If you don't, and I think if anything, I would ask people that are in relationships to check in with yourself to be like When is the last time you and your partner were like, Hey, we need to either one. We need, we need to make sure we have more quality time. We need to, two, we need to make sure we're more physical. Like we haven't connected what, whatever it is for your personal relationship. Resetting in moments because we get so fucking busy and like Absolutely. We don't even have kids yet. Yeah. Right. And we're both working, so I'm like, I don't know. So I just think it's normal to say, and again, I think because of social media, people are like, everything is perfect. And it's like, yeah, I love Matt, but, and we're married and he's the best, has Met.


Nothing Is perfect, but like, we gotta make sure that we're on the same page except For engagements. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Those are perfects perfect. But nothing, nothing, nothing in life is perfect. Nothing. Okay. We're gonna play a game. I'm gonna list some scenarios and you're gonna tell me if it's a turn off or a turn on. He's heavy on the PDA If he knows how to kiss. Turn on. Okay. He makes a special playlist for sex. Absolute turn on. Love that Love. He gives you a hickey. Mm. Where? I was about to say, it depends where I don't need No shit on my neck, but like Right. You know? Right. Okay. He waits for you to initiate sex.


It depends like, you know, we could take turns. I agree. We could take turns. I think if it's like he's always waiting. It's like the same thing where it's like you need to reciprocate. But I think it's in moments it's hot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He, he sends you nudes while you're at work. At work is, is a bit much, but like late at night. Cute. Cute. I agree. I need to lock in. I agree. I need to lock in. I agree. Agree. He Wants to have phone sex. Hey, what she want, daddy? Okay. Wait. Phone, sex or FaceTime?


Sex. What she, what she want Deity. Call Her Daddy. I Fucking love you. I'm dead. Okay. He doesn't manscape. Oh, You're like down. I love this. Okay. He's very vocal during sex. Love, love, love. I don't need a mute ass bitch. Like love. Pipe it up. Pi, Pipe it up. Yeah. Love. Okay. He loves sex with the lights on. I Mean, it's not what I prefer. Yeah. But I like a vibe. Like I am not trying to fuck when it's like this light.


Right. Well actually I guess this lighting would be like hot because this is cute, but like, there's cameras and everything. You're like, oh, like Candles. Or like, Yeah. Like I don't want it to be pitch black where you're like, I yout can't see me and I can't see you. Because that's what, Sometimes that's fun too though, because like, oh, I agree. I feel like your other senses are like more heightened. That is such a good point because I never do that. But I forget what Matt and I were doing, but there was a reason it was pitch black and we're like, it was kind of hot. Yeah. But I don't want that every time. Right. And again, if it's bright again, Balance, Balance, balance. Like natural daylight kind of hot, but it's like, yeah. Okay. Balance. He lasts for an hour before he comes.


I feel like every experience is different. So I think an hour for me, I'd be like, babe, come on. Every, every experience is different. When he is like, actually I am down for four hours and count me the fucking, every experience is different. He wants to watch porn together. Hot. So hot. Yeah. Very hot. Hot. Okay. Let's talk about your brand Ks skin. Can you talk to me like, I know that you started it after getting a very bad sunburn on a job, but like what has been The most rewarding part of starting your own brand? The most rewarding thing for me about Ks skin is realizing that there was something in the market that was missing for me.


And knowing that if it's missing for me, it has to be missing for a lot of people. And finding the fix for that problem and then seeing people enjoy it. That, like for me, SPF has always been so important in my life. I, I have vitiligo, which means that I don't have melanin in certain areas of my skin. And so I don't even tan here. I just will burn. And so SPF has always been super, like I've been religious with wearing sunscreen, but I hated wearing it. It was never a fun experience. Like left a white cast on my white skin or my brown skin was sticky, just didn't look good.


And I remember that shoot that I burnt, I went without SPF because no one on set wanted me to put it on because it wasn't looking good on camera. And I was like, that shouldn't be a thing. Like you shouldn't forego something that is like healthy, like for your safety just because it doesn't look good. So I wanted to fix that problem and make SPF that you wanted to wear that looked good on all skin tones. Like remember when I rub something into my skin, it gotta work on both skin tones. Yeah. So like, gotta work for white people, gotta work for black people. I need it to work on all skin tones, types, conditions. I mean, I feel like that's when people feel like the best brands that people create are when you're actually filling something that like you personally need.


Like I feel like it's obvious when you see people in the market where it's like, that was just because someone told them to do it. Rather than it's like, oh, this is something that you're living and breathing and you needed and you can feel that through your brand, which is incredible. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you so much. Of course, of course. What is your best skincare tip that you can share with the girlies watching? I would say never skip your SPF. Yep. I think that's so important. Like, I need To get better. Like, Don't worry, I'm, I'm gonna suck you up girl. Do you? Okay. Do you put it on? You need s spf? No, I, I know I just try not to go outside. But still, But still. Okay. I get, you know what, I saw someone recently post on TikTok and they were like, what fucking step are we putting it on?


If you're doing a full beat. Okay, tell me. Got you. Tell me. So You're gonna do your skincare. Okay. And then you're going to do your primer. Okay. And then you're gonna do your S-P-F-S-P-F is the last step in your skincare routine before you do your makeup. So we're doing primer. And then also I don't use primer 'cause I love the feel of my SPF, especially like, depending on what finish I want. If I want like a dewy beat, I'm gonna go for a al glow. 'cause she gives like That's the islands in a bottle. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She gives that good glowy skin tone. That's, I like, yeah. Right. But if you're a mat girly and you want like that full beat, I would go for the mineral drops from K skin.


'cause that gives like a more natural skin like feel and leaves that like the, the makeup's gonna grip, you know, this Is the information we needed. Okay. Because, So yeah, all your skincare, whatever, serums, all that. And usually you should actually use more of your serums at night. But I like to really like layer my products same. And then I will finish my skincare, let that sink in, do my SPF, let that sink in. And then That's like the biggest step that's changed my life recently is like, I used to be like boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Then I'm like, what's happening? It's like I now like will do my first primary skincare and then I go and get my coffee. Yep. Then I come back. That's The simmer in the spirit. Right.


You know, It literally needs to like sink in. Absolutely. And then you Okay, this is, see we needed you worry. I got you girl. Yeah, yeah. Got You. This is good. You got rejected at one point from a job at Sephora and now Ks skin is literally sold there. What full circle did that mean to you when you found out that your product would be in Sephora? It was actually so nuts to me because I am such a skincare junkie. Like that was like a dream job at the time. Like, I was like, wait, I'm gonna get a discount. Like what you mean? Like, I really want that job. And I wanted to learn more about like skincare and makeup too at that time. So I really did want that job, but you know, I didn't get it. It is what it is. Yeah.


To see it on the shelves then. And I'm such a fan of Sephora as well. Like it's Sephora, the skincare junkie. I, me never left. Oh. Like I am what girl isn't like Sephora. Sephora, Sephora. Absolutely love. So that's amazing. That was a, a dream come true. And Sephora has been such an incredible partner to work with as well. Last question, what do you wish more people knew about you? I feel like I have such a green thumb. I'm so like, fascinated with plants. I don't know if that's not really like something that I want people to know about me, but like, it's an interesting like thing that I'm super obsessed with and I'm like, I should talk about this more. Like, You're like, I like plans every Time I like meet someone or like become friends with someone and I realize like they're like super obsessed with plans.


It becomes a thing. Like I have plant apps. Like I have to have my, I don't even water my plants like once a week. I water them based off of like, I stick my finger in. I'll feel the soil. Like I have my gauges. Oh, you're in touch. I'm in it. Like, I love plants. I talked to my plants name, my plants. I love plants, period. I had plants growing up and my grandmother had an incredible garden and she used to grow so much of the food that we would eat from like tomatoes to zucchini, to pumpkin, like everything. And I feel like my grandmother really gave me a green thumb. So I'm kind of obsessed. I just have to say thank you so much for coming on. That was so fun to sit down with you. Thank you again.


Like every time. This was so much fun. It was because I feel like we may meet at some point, like at like a party in LA or whatever, but to get to sit down, we have so much in common and especially like our recent lives. Yeah. And it was so incredible to sit down with you and get to know you more today. And I'm happy that my audience is gonna get to know you more too. Thank you. Me too. And congratulations again. Yes. I like keeping like look at her eyes, but I'm like, oh my God, that rock is so Fucking gorgeous. You know? I really appreciate it. It's like a, a big chapter in our lives. Yeah. And I feel like getting all the like blessings and the congratulations and everything, it does mean so much to me because like it's a beautiful, like I know you, you know exactly what I'm saying.


Like it's a beautiful, beautiful moment and it's amazing. I'm I'm over the moon. Love, love. We did it. Thank you. Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that Call Her Daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcasts on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Have you experienced Sirius complications with a paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Ever since switching to T-Mobile, something weird has been happening. I get to cut lines. Oh, right this way. Who me? I can stream shows at 30,000 feet and I was able to buy reserve tickets for my favorite band. It's not just you with T-Mobile, everyone can get VIP status. That means access to exclusive events and experiences just for being a customer. At T-Mobile, VIP means YOU. Check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.