
Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. You ever see someone on Tinder that takes your breath away? Take my breath away. Now with Tinder's first impressions, you can send a message to help stand out before you match. Try gassing up their hottest, take bond with them over a weirdly specific obsession or hit them with a joke they have to respond to. Try Tinder's first impressions feature and explore all of the possibilities for yourself. Tinder, it starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Jones. Quitting nicotine is a journey that can feel impossible without the right tools. That's where Jones comes in. Jones offers holistic support to help you quit nicotine altogether or cut back. Find out why 40,000 quitters use Jones to help them reach their quitting goals. Head to quit with jones.com and use code. Call Her Daddy for $15 off your first order of nicotine mints. Jones is FDA approved and available for those that are 18 and older.


Call her daddies brought to you by vre. VRE gives members exclusive access to a designer closet so you can elevate your every day. You guys have seen this online. You guys have seen the girlies with these cute bags and one day they've got it and the next they send it back and they get another one. VRE is a memberships only club to borrow designer and luxury accessories. Members can treat the VRE closet like their own, borrowing anything within their tier. VRE has no return dates, swap items monthly or keep items as long as you like. This is a great, great idea. If you're going on a trip, you need a cute outfit, boom. Hit up VRE use code. Call Her Daddy to get to the top of the VRE wait list and 30% off your first four months of membership code. Call Her Daddy. Hurry up ladies.


One day he came home and told me he wanted to be a rapper. Yo, what up? What up? This man is a star right now. Look, I've never seen that in like, where's Kika? Ver literally multiple top 10 hits in multiple genres with multiple artists always evolving. He's always changing. Cares about the world and cares about people. December 12th, where Kika where is just all around. Yo, where's Bro fight an iPhone? No, he's one of The most successful multi of Pittsburgh.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Nike. Nike has just launched the new 24 7 collection. Nike knows that athletes need to perform and they wanna look good too. This is a new head to toe apparel collection created with performance innovation that delivers tailored all day comfort for a busy life on the go. Think elevated travel. Wear a casual date night from the gym to a meeting for women and men. If you know me, you know I love this kind of clothing. Okay, I wanna look comfortable, but I also wanna be able to wear it to the airport and to a meeting. Okay? I am obsessed with their impossibly soft pieces for him and her. They have the joggers, they have half zip pullovers. They have crews super luxurious, soft feels. And let me tell you guys, Matt's birthday is coming up and you best believe I am getting my husband some good old Nike from this 24 7 collection. Matt loves this stuff to work out in and he also loves it when we're just lounging around the house. They also have perfect stretch pieces for, we have the flowy pants for the women tops, pleated skirts. Super cute. And then for him they have pants and chinos. You can put them in your gym bag in a crumpled up ball. You can throw it on and you're gonna look polished. To shop the complete 24 7 collection. Head to nike.com.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Shopify. Now that we are officially out of winter, it is time to go out and it's time to start planning for summer and it's time to side hustle your way into financial freedom. Daddy Gang. Starting a new business can definitely be scary, but I am a huge advocate for trying out a side hustle and seeing how far it can take you. You never know what a side hustle can turn into. I turned my passion for podcasting into a full blown business. And I know you all have amazing ideas too. Turn your ideas into a successful business. If you're gonna do that, you need Shopify. Shopify is a powerful set of tools and resources that helps you start and manage your business, whether it's online or in person. I think financial freedom is so empowering and a side hustle is a great way to make steps towards being your own boss. You don't have to jump into running a business full-time right away. It can be as simple as creating an online store and running it off of your phone. Because with Shopify you can sell anywhere with a side hustle, you control your own schedule, not someone else. I love being able to run my merch business on the go because my schedule is so insane that I need every part of my job to work around my time. Entrepreneurship offers the freedom to work when and where you want. Designing your day around your passions. So if you're ready to build your own empire, whether it's merch products or the next best idea, get on Shopify dot com slash daddy and make it happen. That is Shopify dot com slash daddy.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father, Alex Cooper With Call Her Daddy. Daddy Wiz Khalifa. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Yeah, Thank you for having me. You are the first person that has smoked in this new studio. Oh, for real? Yeah. Somebody had to do it. Yeah, I figured it. It's only appropriate that someone like you does it. Like, I mean, I think somebody else, anybody else would be like too timid or scared. They would think there was like a rule or they would have to ask somebody or something like that. You're Just lighting that shit up immediately. That's pretty much how I roll. I have weed for myself. I have not smoked in an interview in so long because sometimes it's not the vibe.


Like I can't tell if someone would be down or not. Yeah, clearly you're the right person to smoke with. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Okay. Can people typically tell if you're high or are you really good at hiding it? I think you could pretty much tell I'm pretty stoned like throughout the day. Yeah. So you know, you could tell by my demeanor like I'm usually really cool, easygoing. I always got some good jokes. Yeah, you'll definitely hear a lot of laughter. Oh wow. And if, and if you, if you can't tell by like just seeing me or being around me, you'll, you'll smell it for sure. How long have you been doing that? Like how long would you say you've always been like, I've been high all day since like what age? Since at least.


At least in high school. Okay. Yeah, for sure. I, I started getting stoned like, you know, waking baked and like showing up to school baked, you know what I'm saying? I wouldn't advocate that for anybody else, but for me that was definitely my thing. And then it translated into my adult life. I never really slowed down or had anything where I was like, you know, I'm not gonna smoke for this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was like, I'm gonna smoke a little bit more for this. When you would get in the studio, what is the difference that you feel when you're doing music of like when you're high versus when you're sober? Well now there really isn't a difference because sometimes you just gotta perform how you, how you gotta perform.


But back then I just noticed I, I was able to hear different parts of the music that I hadn't heard before. I was able to hear fucking tambourines over here and saxophone over here and I'm like, holy shit. Like I never really experienced music in those layers like that before. Right. And being high as shit is what definitely opened all of that up for me. And yeah, that was, that was the best experience for me man. For sure. Damn. Okay. Well that, yeah, I could see that being so high and being like, I never heard the tambourine. It was never Do You listen to music when you get high? I do. And it's like, does That happen to you? Absolutely.


For sure. Everything just sounds like, wow, I hear there's like 19 different things happening. Exactly. And you hear everything at the same time. Yeah. Yep. But you're able to like ingest it in a better way. It's, and it makes listening to the music so much more fun. Yeah. Because I'm not just listening to the song, I'm hearing it progress. I'm like, bro, that flute wasn't there at the beginning of the song. And I'm trying to explain it to somebody and they're like, y'all don't give a shit. You're high bro. And I'm like, I am, but I hear this shit and it sounds fucking crazy. Like Yeah, right. You're like that flute Yeah is phenomenal. Did you hear the flute bro? That is though the perfect instrument to be like you're, when you're fucking sober you're not hearing that first shit.


Nah, the flute is going undercover. Right. No one gives a fuck about the flute Right. Till you're high. The flute is key. Nah. And yeah, it makes hella sense. And that might be the climactic point that makes you fall in love with the song. You might listen to the song for two minutes and 45 seconds and right when that flute comes in, it just melts your heart. What is a situation that you have personally been high for? That you were completely fine but a normal person that maybe doesn't smoke a lot. If they were in that situation, they would be absolutely fucked. That's pretty much my whole life. If you lived my life and you weren't high, you would be fucked.


Like Are you going to a parent teacher conference high? Hell Yeah. I'm pulling up stone. They expect it. They do. Are the teachers cool with It? Yeah. Yeah. They know what's up. It's not like back in the day where you're considered a bad parent if you smell like weed. Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty sure my son smells like weed. Like I'm, I don't know because I can't smell it, but I'm pretty sure he smells like pot and yeah, I'm pulling up stone, I'm pulling up high because I want them to connect with the real me. Yeah. It's not, they're not gonna get a fake version of me or this, you know, made up parent that the, that society, you know, makes you think that you're supposed to be. I am who I am and it is not because I'm a celebrity or anything, but it's because it's really what I believe in and you know, why not get the real me and why would I have to like change who I am or act like I'm not that just for these places that I'm going to go.


Like that's not how I'm gonna be living my life ever. Like hell no. We all have those dumb moments. What is the dumbest thing you've ever done while you're high? Oh shit. I do a lot of dumb shit. I don't know if I have like a, the the number one dumbest thing, I just really need people behind me to cover my tracks. Like What? Give me an example. Just Like in general, I need to go on your level. I'm never gonna be at your level. But See I'm a safety first type of dude, so it's never really anything unsafe. Like leaving a car fucking in drive and hopping out like Oh yeah, that would do it. You know what I mean? Like I don't do shit like that but like, you know, forgetting stuff I get, I get pretty forgetful.


I feel like when I'm high it's usually the microwave. Yeah. Like I'll be staring at the microwave and I've had moments where I'm like, I swear to God I pressed start and I'm watching my food. Just sit in there. Yeah. And nothing's happening. Oh that's pretty cool. And then I've been sitting there for like 10 minutes contemplating life. Just like, when's my chicken Parmesan ready? And it never started. Nah. And I'm not upset though because I'm like, I had a great moment alone staring at the microwave, contemplating life. Yeah. And then eventually I'll press star. You embraced it. It's like I got three minutes to myself. There we go. Now the clock starts. I think you've said this before, but in case it's updated, who is your dream blunt rotation?


Definitely Bob Marley, Rick James, Snoop gotta be in there and Bill Clinton. What the fuck? Why Bill Clinton? I gotta throw Bill in there. Man, we gotta, I mean he's a legend. He's a, he's a smoking legend. He might not be for the right, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I didn't inhale. You don't remember Bill? Bill been putting it down forever, man. Bill been? Yeah. Yep. Like I, How old are you? I'm 29. Oh, You're a baby. But like I know Bill Clinton but like are you saying he, he actually publicly smokes?


No, we'll get a lot of comments in here that put you up on game about Bill Clinton and the weed really put Bill Clinton in that major rotation for show we can't leave Bill out. See they already done. Forgot about you Bill. I got you bro. We gonna bring you back into the rotation. They done kick bill out the rotation. I'm bringing him back. Would You ever add Hillary in there? I mean, for sure 'cause she the boss for real. For real. You know what I mean? So for sure. So we gotta smoke with Big Hill to get the big bill. Did you know when the world was shocked about Snoop being like, I'm done smoking. Were you in on the joke? Did you know this shit? Or do you I wasn't in on it but I didn't believe that shit.


Yeah. There's no way that that nigga was stopping smoking weed ever. Yo Like anybody who believed it or all the people who did believe it. I was just, it was just so funny 'cause I'm like, bro, y'all are falling for it like that. That's why he's doing it. It got so many fucking comments. The whole Did you Believe it? I didn't believe it because I was like, I am also on the side of like business and media being like, there's gotta be an angle. Yeah. There's no fucking way. He's just posting himself crying, being like, I'm done smoking. Like for what? Yeah. Like why? There's gotta be now like a follow up to be like, I'm launching this new product. Yeah, For sure. Or like, whatever. I didn't even want to test text him. 'cause I know he had like a list of people who had text him.


Yeah. So I was probably like 10th on that list. He might have answered like the first three, but I knew I wasn't getting no answer so I'm like, I'm gonna just wait. Yeah. You're like I'll just wait it out. I'll see. And then Yeah, I'm gonna text his son or something like that. Alright. So you're from Pittsburgh? Yeah. Yep. I'm from Pennsylvania. So pa represent all day for high school. Obviously I know you got started young with music, but like socially, if I was to ask kids from your high school, like what were you like, what do you think they would say? It'd be like, cam was cool as hell and he was always handing out CDs because that's my real name. Cameron. And everybody call me Cam. They'd be like, cam was always rapping.


He was always telling people he was going to be on. 'cause that's all I did. And I was just the same way. Big hoodie, cargoes, book bag, full of weed. Same shit. How were you back then with the girls? Super smooth. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm the man. Yeah. But I'm, I'm super, I'm like low key. I'm not like out there but I'm, I'm sweet. I'm handsome. I'm funny. So I definitely know how to use that to my advantage. When you were interested in a girl back then. Yeah. What would be your approach? You wanna get the girl? What are you doing? I'm just talking to her.


Just straight up spending time putting that work in. We talking eighth grade. I'm writing letters. I'm showing up to the class before the bell with the letter. You give me yours. I give you mine. You give me one, I give you two. I'm folding it up like a heart. Oh, all that. You're Good. Yeah. Yep. Ooh, we going high school, we on the phone all night. I'm making you mixtapes. You know what I mean? Like Oh wow. Little playlists and all of that. I got a card. So I'm taking you to the movies. We going out to eat. I'm buying you nice little Valentine's Day gifts. I'm buying you. We get matching sneakers. Oh yeah.


Yep. All of that. Oh my God. So they must have all fallen in love. Not all of them. Because there was more popular boys in school. I wasn't like, I wasn't the a, there was athletes and you know, dudes with like, they had money already in Oh yeah. In high school. It was different in, in my high school. Like them niggas had money. Right. The athletes were like, but I was trying to keep up. So I think if a man made me a mixtape when I was in high school, I would've been like, okay, this is it. We gotta get married. Yeah. That's fucking hot. Like that's dope. That's unique. Yeah, for sure. Did you ever go to prom? I did go to prom. I went to three prom. Wait, tell me everything. Yeah. Did you ask all of them or did they ask you?


I got asked to, to, to to these three particular proms. The last prom was my favorite one. First one was cool too, but my last one was my favorite one because I went to prom with a girl that I went to elementary school with. Oh wow. And it was so cute 'cause I had a crush on her back then. Her name was Mia. She was like the prettiest girl in school. And me and her, we had a crush on each other, but we never talked to each other or did anything or dated or none of that. We just was like, oh, we're family because we were young. So we're like, we're family. But we liked each other. And then I moved away from Pittsburgh and then I came back and she was fine as hell. And I'm like, God damn Mia. And she, yeah, I'm like Mia. She was like, oh shit, you're cam.


I'm like, yeah. I'm like, 'cause I was taller and she was bad. And I'm the tall skinny homie. So, but we didn't even date throughout high school, but we just went to prom together just to like cap it off. Damn. That tension was there. And did you ever hook Up? No, we didn't hook up. We ain't kiss, we didn't do nothing. You just kept it Family. Yeah, we kept It. We kept it. Kept it solid. Damn. Proud of myself. Proud of you. You had it with the girls. I was tall. Well, I still am tall. You still are. I'm handsome. I'm funny. Sounds like a pr a good prom date to me. So good. Was there a specific moment when you look back that you're like, damn, I made it and I'm, I know I'm gonna have a successful career in this industry?


Yeah. I think that happened when I was like 23. Okay. Like right before I put black and yellow out. Mm. I was working on a lot of mix tape stuff at that time and it was getting, it was super popular on the internet, but it was like starting to translate into shows where I was doing like, you know, 5,000, 10,000. And I'm like, God damn it's a lot of people. And then like all the famous people started coming outta the cut. Like everybody started hitting me up and just wanting to be a part of it or wanting to see me or wanting to come to my show. And I remember Jay-Z was at one of my shows and I'm just so normal, like regular at the time.


So I'm just used to everybody like, you know, coming and going. And then a label was trying to sign me. So they brought Jay-Z to the show and then they introduced us. They was like, Hey, where is, this is Jay. And I was like, what's up bro? And so I was just like, what's up man? And I was going to stage and then I stopped. I was like, oh fuck. I was like, wait, Jay-Z I'm like, don't just say the Jay say the Z part too. He was like, like just, I'm like, God damn nigga, I almost walked straight past you. But Jay-Z was at my show like before I even like blew all the way up and I made sure I got a picture and because I'm a really, really big ho fan. Yeah. But it was like at those moments right there, I'm like, what the fuck dude?


I'm like right about to go on stage two seconds. I'm like, Jay-Z is here. I, I went and told my dj like, bruh Hove is here. He was like, what the fuck? So yeah, shit like that started happening. That's when I knew like, yeah. All right we shit's changing. Yeah, we getting, we getting up outta here. The fact that you almost just walked right by him. Yeah. It was cool. Like it was just like a buddy. You're like, what's up? What the fuck? What the fuck? Yeah. I'm glad I, yeah, I'm glad I noticed. 'cause he was just like J I'm like all right A, B, C. You're like fuck the Zeke. You could have helped me out there. Yeah. Damn. That's dope to have someone that obviously successful and so incredibly influential in the music space.


I mean that must have just been so cool for you. Yeah. To even just see someone like that you clearly looked up to, to even just be like being at one of your shows. Yeah. That's wild. Yeah. It was that cool. That's like a dream though. That's someone like you can't even make that story up. No, for sure. That's one of those like of course that's an I made it moment for Sure. 100%. Obviously you've been in now the industry for like almost two decades. What is the hardest lesson that you've learned? The hardest lesson that I learned is probably like the waves that shit happens in. Like when you're not a new artist anymore and you're transitioning through those, those points.


It's just because you put in so much work and you expect like that work to stick. But in this industry and especially in rap music, everything is just so trendy and disposable and whatever era that you lived in or or existed in, it comes and it goes so fast and you don't realize that it's coming and going. So like for me, being a parent is like really, really important. So I didn't focus as much on music as I did on family and and spending time at home.


So in two, three years I watch numbers change. I watch all types of things changed to where I thought like that shit was just there. And it is not, you gotta really like chase after that shit and go for it. And I think that's where a lot of artists, you know, find themselves like at a crossroads of like where they, if they wanna do it or not. Yep. Because when you have to hit that reset button and go hard like you did back in the day, just to re-earn that respect and re-earn that attention and remind people of the things that you're capable of, it could be frustrating. Yeah. And it can be like, man, I don't wanna do that shit or I don't got time for that.


I got other shit to put my energy to. You know what I mean? So I think that's like the, the biggest and the hardest thing that I had to like learn about this shit. Well I think it's, I appreciate that answer too 'cause it's so sadly like it's such a formula in music. I feel like we see like people when they're hot. Like we could name the people right now that are like, everyone has their attention and everyone's focusing on this person. And when it goes in waves, it must be so hard as an artist to be like, I may, if anything be more like well suited for my craft now. Yeah. I'm better at it. Yeah. I know how to handle it better. And yet once you're not the new hot thing Yeah.


People love to be like, you're fucking irrelevant. You're not as cool anymore. Yeah. You're different, you're this, you're that you're growing. Yeah. But yeah, I can imagine 'cause I as a creator have it too, like doing this a certain amount of time, people saying shit like, oh it's not as this anymore or that anymore. Yeah. I would hope it's not the same. Right. I wanna fucking grow and be different. Right. But it's tough when people try to like make you feel like you don't belong there anymore. Right. When you probably feel like you've never belonged here more. Yeah. Like you've got this shit on rap now. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great way of saying is. Like you're more ready and prepared now than ever. But it's like even just your attempts or your tries at doing shit, they don't get looked at as the same because it's not as what it was before.


Yeah. And then even like, you know, just being in the industry it's, it's clear when people are or aren't fucking with you. Yeah. So it's like when they are fucking with you, you're at every party, you're at every show you're at every this. Yeah. And then when they're not fucking with you, you're calling and you're like, hey this party's coming up. And they're like, I know, but you don't have an invite this year. You're like, damn, they really ain't fucking with me. And I didn't do nothing. I didn't change. No. I just maybe didn't put up the numbers that they wanted me to. Or they just got more people that they're in line to do things for. So it's like fighting for that position or just, you know, be stand on top of your game creatively.


But we do this for attention, we want it to bring attention and we want to expand our our platform and we want to see it grow. So when there's things that you know, not necessarily get in the way, but even like the algorithms and things like that, they change, they move and you kind of get flushed outta the system and you have to go against that and you have to figure out new ways to get attention. Yep. Because that's what you, that's what you do this shit for. You can't act like you don't want it. Right. Right, Right. Like you gotta be hungry for it. Yeah. Yeah. But sometimes you're gonna have to shift it up a little bit in ways that you're like, I don't wanna fucking do this. Yep. But it's also like in order to get your music back out there and have people reengage, like you gotta have a strategy.


Yep. But I do really respect you saying that. Like you spent so much time on family and wanting to be there with your son. Yeah. I think that's something that of course you can always look back and wonder like could you have made different business decisions even when you're like, you're spending so much time on business. We always think that even when it's all business, like could I have made a different decision? So like spending time with your son, you're never gonna look back and be like, could I have, you know? You spent as much time as you could with him. Exactly. That's yeah. That's amazing. I'm super proud of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. And I'll do it all over again and I am still gonna continue to do it even in this stage of like, alright, I'm ready to start going hard and doing things again.


He's always gonna be right there number one. Yeah, exactly. For sure. We're gonna play a game. Let's do this


Call. Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. I have been so into taking little weekend trips this year and when I start to get stressed at work and know I need a vacay, I open up Airbnb. Okay. Matt and I are about to go away for the weekend and I found the cutest coziest home on Airbnb for us. I need to make sure I can travel with my dogs. Henry and Bruce are not getting left behind. Okay. And Airbnb makes it so easy to find pet friendly properties on a romantic getaway. Having our own home ensures that Matt and I will have the privacy that we truly need to unwind. I feel like I'm nonstop talking all day so when I do get a break, I don't wanna see or speak to anyone but my husband. Okay. I also love that Airbnb shows guest reviews. I am someone who is on the page scrolling through every single review a place has. And seeing that so many people have stayed at a home and loved the experience makes me feel secure When I'm booking a place, no matter where I wanna drive off to on a random weekend, I'm always able to find an incredible place to stay. And if you just wanna go somewhere but you don't really know where to go yet, let Airbnb make the decision for you. They have a guest favorites tab that might inspire you and perhaps even create a new tradition. As you book your 2025 travel. My number one tip is to check out Airbnb to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you just when you need it most. Yeah. We all need that. And that is what Uber is all about. It's not just a ride or dinner at your door. It's how Uber helps you show up for the moments that matter. Boom. Because showing up can turn a rough day around or make a good one even better. You're running late, you need some breakup ice cream, you need an ex texting intervention, you need some cram session snacks, you need some job firing Commiserations birthday surprise squad concert buddy duty, granny's birthday or just Taco Tuesday. Daddy Gang. You know where it's at. And it is Uber. It almost feels like, I can't remember a time where Uber wasn't in my life. There has been so many moments where I'm doing a million things a day and I feel like recently Uber has been so, so helpful for me when, oh my gosh, I'm hosting a big party and I completely forgot that I needed all of these things to be delivered to my house. But I can't leave my house because people are about to start showing up. Boom. Uber. Something I've also been doing recently is if any of my friends in LA are sick, I deliver chicken noodle soup, buy Uber to my friends and it's so nice to send them, you can send them their medicine and some chicken soup and all the good stuff to their door so they don't have to get out of bed. I'm Ubering to my dinners. I'm Ubering with my husband on date night. It's all a good thing. And then of course I'm Ubering food to my door to enjoy myself. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way. So you can be on your way to what matters most to you. Uber on our way,


I'm gonna give you a topic and I just wanna know your opinion on it. All right. We're gonna start easy. Are they quick or like just rapid fire or are we going in? Let's see how we feel about each topic. Let's see. There's a couple I know we'll go in on. Okay. This one should be pretty quick. Okay. This episode is the first episode of the new year. What is your take on making New Year's resolutions? Do you do it? Yeah, I do. Really New Year's resolutions. What is your gonna what it's gonna be this year? This year? Shit, I don't have one for this year. I don't man. It's okay. I don't because last year was quit drinking and I did that The whole year.


Yeah. Yep. Still sober. Still sober from liquid. Yeah. Not, you Know, Cali sober. Yeah. So I believe in New Year's resolutions. They're good goals. The type of New Year's resolutions I be setting is like be a better friend, be more thoughtful. Call my mom more often. Like shit that you could actually do. Like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like not be like fucking get a fatter ass before the end of the year. Like that's not a New Year's resolution For some people it's whiz. Okay. You gotta set achievable goals and some of y'all ain't getting no ass Unless they do it surgically all Day.


Unless you find somebody to pay for that motherfucker and then you all good. Have you ever paid for someone's BBL? Nah, I haven't. Wow. I'm gonna get some titties for, for this. This particular special somebody. Oh, That's nice. Yeah, she's, are those the first tits you've ever bought? First Tits I ever bought. Wow. I don't know why I'm so reluctant. Why your girlfriend right now wants some, She wants some titties. And why don't you want her to get them? I don't not want her to get 'em. I'm just like, I don't know. It's just like, I'm just, I haven't wrapped my head. I haven't become that dude who's like, Here We go. And you know what? I have actually, because I've purchased multiple plastic surgeries for my baby's mother and didn't give a fuck.


So I don't know. I don't think it's, see, surgery to me is like, I don't know if I'm old school, but I'm not a woman so I don't have like the enhancement mind state where it's like the things that I don't like, I just go ahead and fucking enhance it. But there's no problem with it. Like there's nothing, I'm not against it. Yeah. I think if you got it, if you wanna do it, go for it. But it like being close to me and being like, yo, spend your money on this. It's hard for me to wrap my mind around it because I'm not the enhancement dude. But now that time is going on, I'm down with enhancements. I think it's also hard for women 'cause it's like there's women being like, 'cause I know guys like this.


Yeah. And so I think obviously guys don't have like the female gates. Oh, that's such A crazy fucking, It's a topic that we could go down. You said the guys don't have a female gaze. No. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Like we we're not like, oh my God. Like staring at all these different body parts expecting much as long as like you've got a functioning dick, like should be good to go. Right. Like even if you, you Got those you can enhance that these days. Could Yeah, You could Could. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But even still, it's like you're not looking through our pants to see No, You, you, You could Try, you could try put on those gray sweatpants and we'll like try to like, It's not really like accurate though. Like, you know what I mean? No, you're right. But I think we're not, but even when guys have like dad bods, girls don't really give a fuck.


But guys, it's like, do you have a nice ass, do you have nice tits? Do you have like a slim waist? It's like, yeah, we're exhausted. Whiz. Yeah. You know what it is about me? I'd be like, I like a girl for what she has. Like if she has small boobs, I like them little titties. Like they're perfectly fine, but I get it in her head. Yeah. Where it's like, I want some big boobs. I see fucking big boobs on tv. Yeah. I see how you react when you see big boobs. I don't got big boobs, so I want what I think that you like, but it's hard to explain to a woman that Yeah, your, your little tits are fine. Like I, they're cool. They're cute. They're, they're sweet. You know what I mean? You love them. Yeah. They're awesome. Have you told her that though?


Like, I love 100%. Okay. I love your little boobs Multiple, but she don't love the little boobs. She wants like, some nice little perky. Okay. I can't blame her. You know, it's a lot of, it's a lot going on out here. Pull out your checkbook. But That's the thing, it's like with dudes, I'm like, now you know what we going through. I see fucking huge ripped, fucking 210 pound no shredded dudes. I'm a buck 70. I'm like, I don't know what you really like. You might, you might, you might be acting like you like a buck 70, but you might want this fool to toss you up in the air. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, y'all are just better at hiding that shit. We are, We see some boobs and we don't know how to act.


Literally. It's like actually pathetic at times. Like, You see a guy and he's just like, and you're like, I know if I turn, I'm gonna see fucking tits because why is his head literally Cranky? I'm like, yeah, they're tits for sure. You, you've seen 'em too. They're great. Tits are great. They are. They're awesome. Are you more of an as guy or a tit guy? I love ass. Okay. I love ass. Because it could be tone, it could be thick, it could be soft, it could be small and petite. I like, I like all types of ass. Yeah. Yep. You just like big boobs. No, I'm, I like nice boobs. Nice boobs. Yeah. Really nice boobs. They could be perky, like small ones or they could be like, boobs are great. The large ones.


Yeah. Yeah. The fact that we started this conversation. Oh, new year's resolutions. Yeah. And somehow, And I was talking about getting a fatter ass and we started talking about a Ments. Yeah. Yeah. That was good. That was good. Yep. Okay. Next one. Okay. What is your take on going to the strip club with your friends or solo? When you're in a relationship? Like you're not bringing your girl, you're going alone. Yeah, You should, you should be able to go to strip club. I should be able to go to strip club 100% alone. Alone. What are you doing there? Throwing money, watching ass. Looking at some ass. Are You touching it? Yeah. Are you going in a back room?


Nah, no. No. Private dances. I don't do lap dances either. Why? That's just too much for me. Like, you know what I mean? I don't really want it all, not it. I don't really want that. You know what I'm saying? That's a lot of energy all on me. You know? Oh, I'm, It's too much For you. Not too much, but it's like, I'm here to enjoy it. That's, that's too much enjoyment. Mm. Like you're like paying for like a boner. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's too much enjoyment. Looking at it, smacking it, you know what I mean? If, if she, if that's what she's into, of course. Of course. Course. 'cause most women, they'll let you know like where, where they want you to go with it. But I'm cool just throwing money. Like honestly, just, just throwing some cash, hearing some great music and watching some ass shake.


Yeah. Support. Support. Smoking some weed. Support The Girls, you know what I mean? Pay somebody's bills for, for, for for a month or two. We Love Sugar Daddy Wiz. Yeah. For for sure. We love Supportive Wiz. Yeah. Supportive Wiz. Yeah. I'm supportive. Wiz. Have you ever had a girlfriend that does not support you going to the strip club without her? No. Really? No. I just don't surround myself with those types of people. I don't surround myself with those type of humans that won't let me have fun because I got a lot of girls whiz writing in being like, I'm so fucking sick of it.


My boyfriend, my fiance, my husband is always going to the strip club with his boys. What, what can you tell my girls to make them feel better? I could tell your girls to gather her girls up and y'all go do the same goddamn thing. Yeah. Get you some home girls and y'all go do the same thing. Y'all either go see some niggas, take they clothes off and shake they thing in your face, or you go see some fat ass too. You know what I'm saying? Whatever you into get the homegirls, leave the homeboys wherever they at and y'all go do the exact same thing. It's a great answer. I do feel like sometimes we're focusing way too much on what the guys are doing way it, it's way much. Let's go have fun. Yeah. Ourselves. Yeah. Who gives a fuck what he's doing?


I think it's hot. If a chick like has shit to do, like if she's like, yo, you go do your thing, I'm gonna go do my thing. Yeah. Like, I'm not going to press you. Like, you know what I'm saying? We could do hella shit together for sure. I wanna do everything with you. But if there's one or two things that we gotta separate and do, we should be fine. We should be completely fine. Completely. Both of us. We should be all right. Do you like going to the strip club with your girlfriend? Yeah, For sure. Okay. Hell yeah. I like, I like going to the strip club with my girl. Okay. That's fun. Yeah. Yep. What is your take on reality tv? I love reality tv. You do? Yeah man. What are your favorite shows? I mean, I like to watch Ratchet Shit. So I watch Baddies.


I'm watching the villain show the House of Villains right now on E. Is it good? Yeah, it is good. It is super good. OSA's on there. Bobby J's on there. New York was on there. Oh, I'm og reality TV bro. I love this. I didn't know Flavor of Love. Oh, I love New York. Real World. What was that show? Did you ever watch Tela Tequila? Tela Tequila. That was og. Yeah. Yep. I'm super, I'm super into real. I used to want to be on reality TV Really? When real world was cracking, man. I wanted to be on Real World. I thought I had something to bring to the game, You know, like explain what you thought you could bring to that game. Personality. Yeah.


I thought I had a great personality. People wanted to see on tv, which obviously I do, obviously. And I wanted the Max Chicks for Show in the house. I was like, I'm just gonna be a big old player on TV and just let everybody know how, how cool I Am. How do you think you would do if you were The Bachelor? If I was the Bachelor, I'm not clean enough to be The Bachelor. You know what I mean? You Could spice it up a little bit Though. Yeah. Yeah. But The Bachelor, he kind of square like, you know what I mean? That's why I like Flavor of Love. Like that one. That one was cool for the love of Ray J. You remember that one? Holy Shit. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. That was so that. Oh my God, I forgot about that.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's some like, I'm, I fucking love reality tv. Yeah. That shit is just like crack. I just love to sit and watch It. I like, I like the dating, I like the dating shows. I don't think I could do the one where you're like trying to find my love though. Like I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't know about all of that. Which one you like the ones where you're like The Bachelor? Oh, trying to find love. Like you could be down for reality tv like Survivor or some shit survivor. Whoa, that's Big Brother. Or whatever that shit is. Like, we are living in a house and you're doing like tasks and shit like that, but You couldn't do the for love, not the for love shit. Why not? Why not? Why wouldn't I be? Honestly? Because they just be kissing each other in the mouth and that shit is kind of nasty to me.


Like when I just be seeing all of them like a lineup and kiss. I know eventually in life like that happens. But to see it, it just, it just makes it too real. I'm assuming you've kissed multiple women in one night. Yeah. But I get what you're saying of like, I'm trying to think in one night. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Maybe I'm, nah, if I'm making out with a chick, it's pretty much her. Or if we're having a threesome, then Yeah, For sure. Well, there you go. Three. Yeah. All right, cool. Three's a company. There you go. Yeah. All right. Do you have threesomes often? I have had a lot of threesomes, yes. Really? Yeah. You're like the king of threesomes? Not the king of them, but like a lot of women like me and like they be wanting to share and I'm down.


So you've had a girlfriend be like, I'm gonna bring someone in. No, not in a relationship. Okay. Nah, no. Okay. Yeah. Single. Single only. Do you like threesomes? Like is it I love them. Okay. Yeah. Have you ever done it with another guy? No. Okay. I'm, I'm cool off of that. That's, to me, that's not considered a threesome, but I understand in, in a world where it is considered a threesome For sure, but not, that's not your idea of a threesome. That's not my idea. You want two chicks, two girls. Have you ever had them fight over you? Like you gave one too much attention? Yes. That happens really often. Talk to me about it. A lot of women aren't cut out for threesomes. That's what it is. You gotta be programmed really, really differently to, and to do it and enjoy it.


And some, it's a, it's a competitive thing. It gets competitive. It takes a lot of confidence. Confidence is key. And you know, you just gotta be having fun with it. Like sometimes it might go in this direction or that direction, but you just gotta be able to bring it back. Sometimes PE people don't make it through that. Yeah. Like one position, you're really focusing on someone else and the other girl, which usually maybe one girl would feel comfortable being like, Ooh, guys, do your thing. I'm over here. Another girl could start crying in the corner. That's, that gets real really awkward. I, I think like when there's, you don't think there's feelings involved.


Yeah. And then there start to become like feelings involved. That's when it gets tricky. That is shit be when someone says, which I encourage all my girls listening, like, you don't need to have a fucking threesome with the guy you like. Yeah. Even if he wants to. If you don't wanna do it, just be like, fuck no, I don't wanna do it. Yeah. But if you are the one that's like, yeah, let's do it right then just make sure you're ready for that because we don't need you crying in the bedroom Being all upset. Yeah. Yeah. Like, And you were just doing it to be like hot or cool. I mean, honestly, if that's what you gotta do for you to figure out that you ain't ready for that shit, get it out the way like, you know what I'm saying? And then just be like, yo, I'm not doing that. Right. You're like, listen, we'll have the threesome.


You figure out your feelings, but while you're figuring out What, yeah, like, you know what I'm saying? Y'all gotta have a threesome


clause. Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it most. Yeah. We all need that. And that is what Uber is all about. It's not just a ride or dinner at your door. It's how Uber helps you show up for the moments that matter. Boom. Because showing up can turn a rough day around or make a good one even better. You're running late. You need some breakup ice cream, you need an ex texting intervention, you need some cram session snacks, you need some job firing Commiserations birthday surprise squad concert, buddy duty, granny's birthday or just Taco Tuesday. Daddy Gang, you know where it's at. And it is Uber. It almost feels like, I can't remember a time where Uber wasn't in my life. There has been so many moments where I'm doing a million things a day and I feel like recently Uber has been so, so helpful for me when, oh my gosh, I'm hosting a big party and I completely forgot that I needed all of these things to be delivered to my house. But I can't leave my house because people are about to start showing up. Boom. Uber. Something I've also been doing recently is if any of my friends in LA are sick, I deliver chicken noodle soup by Uber to my friends and it's so nice to send them, you can send them their medicine and some chicken soup and all the good stuff to their door so they don't have to get out of bed. I'm Ubering to my dinners. I'm Ubering with my husband on date night. It's all the good things. And then of course I'm Ubering food to my door to enjoy myself. Whatever it is, bigger or small, Uber is on the way. So you can be on your way to what matters most to you. Uber on our way,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by T-Mobile. You know, listen, I've tried in my growing up to not really get too, too involved in the drama, but you know, we all love a good juicy rumor. And let me tell you Daddy Gang, it is time to spill the tea on a rumor I have heard going around. And by TI mean T-Mobile boom. Yes. Guys, word on the street is that, listen, we've all had those ex-boyfriends that just do not treat us right and we're not into it anymore. Well, guess what? T-Mobile are the real ones to treat you like Queens moving forward. Okay. With T-Mobile, you're a VIP. That means access to exclusive experiences, perks and deals like concert tickets, skipping lines at events, and even free drinks at Club Magenta exclusively for T-Mobile customers. I don't know about you, but I love skipping lines and I also love to go to concerts. So Daddy Gang, lean in to T-Mobile. T-Mobile wants to take you out on the town. They will whine you, they will dine you like you have never had before. Okay? So kick your old boyfriends to the curb. We don't need to be treated like that. Leave them on red. Okay. Sorry. Who is this? Literally block their number and then hit up T-Mobile, the one you actually wanna go out with. I love T-Mobile. And here's the thing, I have a good self-esteem, but I'm not gonna lie. I love T-Mobile Tuesdays where? T-Mobile Thanks customers every Tuesday with perks and discounts. Okay. I like being taken care of. So Thank you. T-Mobile, check out the VIP treatment at T-Mobile dot com slash benefits.


What is your take on shirtless selfies at the gym? Shirtless at the gym. We talking in the mirror. Ah, I'm down. I'm down. If y'all are allowed to do the, the ass pick with the, with the one toe up, you know what I mean? Showing that thing off. What I do know about shirtless pics in the, in the gym, you're not as freaking swollen as you feel like you are. Ooh. Yeah. You're never, you're never really as big or as coming off as menacing as you think you are. So it is better to just keep 'em to yourself. That is kind of sad if you like go back and look at the picture you took and you're like, Hey, that, that I don't look as good as I thought I did.


Yeah. No, no, no. Like the ab abs aren't ebbing. Yeah. The arms aren't arming. Yeah, nothing's going on. Nah, It's better to, to do what I did, get a candid cameraman to get some nice angles if you sweating, you know what I mean? Just let one pick. Just be your legacy. I'll let that this one pick is going follow me forever. I'm good. So I don't gotta do that shit no more. The fact that people are gonna listen to this and be like, all right, fuck. Like should I just start bringing a cameraman to the gym with me to get that shot? Yeah, no, it's gonna start being an Instagram photo shoot at every fucking LA fitness and all that shit. It already is.


There's tripod setups and all this shit. But you like a good selfie. I fuck with a good selfie. How do you feel when people, if people make fun of you online for a selfie? Can't make fun of me. It's, it is. It is pointless. I look too good if I post it. It's for a reason. Yeah. Yep. That's a good answer. What is your take on camping? Camping. I'm down with camping. You Are? Yeah. Yep. Do you frequent camping? I don't You can consider being on a tour bus in the summertime. No, behind the, the venue camping.


Do you often go camping, actual camping? Not in a tour bus. Nah. No, you, I don't Got time for that shit. Have you ever been, you go I, I have been as a kid, but I don't got time for that shit If you But I'm down with camping because you can do mushrooms. What Was you about to say? You was about to ask me if I go camping. What? No, I was gonna ask if your son asked you tomorrow to go camping, would you say yes? Hell yeah. Okay, so we're going camping. Let's pretend we're going ca camping. You're gonna do mushrooms. What else? We're gonna watch some good movies. Wait, no, What? You can't go camping and watch TROs. Why not? It's the point of camping.


You talking about going in a tent? Yes. I'm way too player to be sleeping in a fucking tent and I would never let my son sleep in a tent either. Well he, if he was like, daddy, I saw this book in school. I want a tent and I want to go into the wilderness and camp. Okay, so this is what we'll do. We'll have a nice ass situation set up over here and then we can put the tent outside of that. And when we get tired of that shit, we going back inside watching Scarface. The fuck, I'm not sleeping in no tent. I'm six five. Oh, that tent's gonna be big as hell so we might as well just go ahead and do the real thing.


Wow. Okay. So you're gonna fake it. You're gonna fake. That's not faking it. There'd be some baller ass camping setups. I'm sorry I, I don't know what kind of camping you talking about. Listen, I wanna go camping with you Guys. You talking about some history channel shit, I'm talking about some baller ass. I be seeing how y'all be camping them campers. It's like glamping. Yeah, them Shits as big as hell. They be having three, four slide outs. They be having master bedrooms, jacuzzi, that's me. Fuck you talking about. That is in a nutshell Wiz Khalifa's.


Ideal version of camping. Hell yeah. Brought To you by They count we we gonna go grocery shopping before we get there. Yeah, we'll be good. We'll be fun as hell. I bet you everybody would be wanting to be on my shit instead of in the fucking tent. Everybody would be coming over to me like, Knock knock. We was waiting on you to pull up fam. Telling you. What type Of person do you think enjoys camping? The type that I'm describing You talking about white people. Facts? Yeah. White, white people.


Nah, there's some, some outdoorsy black folks, but I don't know 'em. I'm dead. That is so good. What do you think of cruises? Did you ever go On a cruise Oh, like going on a cruise. I'm not really, I'm not really like with the cruise. How do you feel about boats? Boats. I fuck with boats. Really? Yeah. I fuck with a boat. Ooh. I get kinda like seasick. Yeah. I've seen some, you know, some seasick people. I fuck with a boat though. Just the idea of being out on the waves and ripping it like, you know what I mean? That shit's hella fun. The fact that you just said that you have seen, you're like, oh yeah, I've seen some seasick people.


Yeah. That's me. Yeah. Every time. Not every time, but like I gotta really focus. You know what you gotta do What? Smoke before. That's what I'm saying. Don't you think that'll make me like a little like, Ooh, no. Weed combats nausea, bro. Really? Yeah. Hit the weed. Go on the boat. Enjoy life. Do you think you just made that up? It's scientific fact. No, I don't think it's, I'm telling you. All right, cool. So next time you gotta go on a boat Next time And you don't have anything else to do, just listen. Like my little voice in your head, you know what I mean? Let it echo. I'm gonna smoke and if I vomit I'll let you know. You Were gonna vomit anyway, so Thanks. Yeah. Last one. What is your take on the Mile High Club?


Oh, the Mile High Club. I'm cool. I, I fuck with the Mile High Club. I haven't joined the Mile High Club personally. What happened? Nah man. 'cause I'm six five, like, you know. Oh right. Just being this tall. I've had some, I've had some really cool jets, but it just wasn't the vibe. It Wasn't the Vibe. It wasn't the vibe. I also just think sometimes it's like logistically it's a little too difficult. Even if you're not six five. It is like, it's just a hassle. Like just wait till you land. It seems like it would be if I was with like a chick who was just like so fucking hot. It's just like, ah. It's just like we're just like getting to it on the plane.


I'd totally be down, but I'm not the dude who's just gonna sit there and like, you know, start it outta nowhere just because like I could, I could wait, you know what I mean? I, I could fucking wait. Right. You don't need it that bad. I Could wait. I appreciate that. Yeah. Alright. We said that you're in a relationship. How long have you been in this relationship with this lady? I think four, five year. I don't know. Oh wow. Four years maybe. That's pretty long. It is, right. That's serious. It's pretty, pretty. All Right. That's, how did you guys meet? Just out and about. Out and about? Yeah. Yeah. At the strip club. Nah, not at the strip club. We Went like a friend's house. Nah, I was, I went to this, this event.


It was supposed to be a like a little get together, but it was more like an event. Cool. And she was working at the event and we ended up just chilling, kind of just talking and shit. 'cause me, I'm more low key so anytime I go anywhere, I'm not around the other like famous people or celebrities or anything like that. I always go in a corner and just chill and smoke and do my thing. So she was down to chill and smoke and be in the corner with me. I don't blame her and I don't either. Yeah. I don't think anyone does. Yeah. Five years later we still kicking it. I feel like you've always kind of openly talk about like co-parenting. Yeah. Like how is co-parenting going with Amber?


It's Good. It's fun. That's amazing. Well, Not fun, but like I think I'm in a good situation like with her as a co-parent. Yeah. You know, just especially through time like things have just eased up and become a lot more enjoyable and just regular of a process. Yeah. All, all the irregular shit has been worked out and, and we're past everything that, you know, I think would cause people to be dysfunctional. So at this point it's way easier to just run things smoothly than it is for it not to be smooth. Yeah. Like why not for your son's sake just be on good terms.


Yeah. And be able to show up together places and do shit for him. Yeah. But I agree with you. I'm sure time makes it a lot easier. 'cause like when you first end a relationship it's, it's always difficult. Yeah. Even like no matter if you're like still in love or not in love, like it's tough when you leave a relationship and Yeah. Obviously you have this beautiful child. Do you think that you guys would've put in as much work as you guys did to be like cordial and good if you guys didn't have so much history? Mm. Yeah. I think, I think Amber's a good girl. She's just a sweet person. That's why I originally, you know, fell in love with her and wanted to start a family with her. 'cause I see all of those qualities in her and us not working out in a relationship doesn't mean that we're not still great people.


Yep. And we're just great partners right now and you know, the things that she does inform me on or anything that I'm there for. But if it's like, if it doesn't involve me, then that's not a part of our conversation. That's not part of how we deal with shit. And I think that's really productive. It's just not bringing outside shit. Yeah. Into, you know, what happens with what's important. She's really good at keeping that away and I'm really good at keeping that away too. And we just, you know, we, we bond and we, we kick it. We spend time together. I think that's important for Sebastian too.


And like my parents were divorced and there was no way they were being in the same room together. Like they can just now kind of be in the same room together and they're not talking to each other. But I think that not only just functioning and being like, oh yeah, it's for the baby, but showing him like, yo, we could go here. We can go there. Yeah. We stand up for each other. We're at parent teacher conferences together. Love that. We're at your concerts together. Like, you know, we go above and beyond for that man. Do you ever have to like set expectations when you're getting into a new relationship to be like, this is my relationship with Sebastian's mom and like you have to be cool with it? Yeah, it's really difficult man.


Yeah. It's more difficult than I thought it was gonna be actually because I'm super duper open about the boundaries that me and Amber have. But I think it's probably difficult for anybody that she deals with too. Because we're so vocal about the love that we have for each other and I'm a powerful person in what I do and she's powerful in what she does. So it's like a little bit of intimidation there. Like they gonna be like, oh you'll always go back to him or he can call you right now and you'll just go running. And that might or might not be the case, but if she's focused on you at the time, that's not the conversations that y'all need to be having.


Yeah. And then same thing for me where it's like I'm not gonna mistreat her to make any woman feel better. So if you expect me to, you know, badmouth her or keep a conversation short with her or not, you know, laugh when I'm on the phone with her, just simple shit. Yeah. It's like we, we gonna have a fucking problem because I'm going to be good to her. You know what I mean? And that's just something that, not that you're just gonna have to accept, but you're gonna have to really enjoy that. You're gonna have to want that for me. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's gonna have to make you happy too. And it might be hard. It might be difficult. We might be, there's gonna be a lot of like, you know, in my situation there is a lot of bumps where we have to have the conversation and I think that just communication, open communication, me being understanding where it's like I, I understand that you feel like this and you, you could think these things, but it's up to me to, you know, put that confidence back there.


Yeah. And I can only do it with my words and my actions. Yeah. And if you ain't got it, then you ain't got it. So that, that, that that's going we'll figure that out in time as well. Like, I'm not really gonna carry anybody through the shit because that, that situation is permanent that is there. So it's not about, you know, making somebody understand it who ain't gonna get it. You just really have to be built for that shit. Yeah. I mean that's such a mature way to look at it too because I think again, like it all ties back to one you have respect for Amber and you guys have this amazing thing that you brought into life, which is Sebastian, this beautiful child. And so I think it's a really healthy way that you're looking at it.


And you're right. I can imagine it's hard for some people, like Right, I can imagine that some people couldn't handle that dynamic and that's okay. But I think you're right in like, don't try to then change how I treat her just because you can't handle it. Right. Right. And it's, and it's not anyone's fault. It's just like you kind of gotta test out the boundaries. Yeah. Fascinating. I think it's, it's not, it's like almost you're damned if you do, you damned if you don't. Yeah. Because on the opposite side of it, she can be fucking crazy and be calling and who's around my son and blah blah. Yeah. And you wouldn't enjoy that. So you would much rather us be on good terms. So true. So let's figure out which fucking one you wanna deal with and let's get it, let's get straight Out.


That's such a good way to look at it though. You're like, I really fuck with her and I'm happy it's her. So like, let's just let that be. And now you guys have your own separate lives also. Yeah. Yeah. Hundred percent. What are your son, you and your son's favorite things to do together? We love to watch movies. We love to play basketball. We love to listen to music. He likes being on tour with me. I took him on tour last year. Oh. We spent a lot of time on tour and just him being on stage and just ripping it with his homies. So cute. Yeah. That's, that's a good bonding time for us. We like to go bowling. Oh. I just involve him in everything that I do. I, I take my low riders out on Sundays. So he, he comes out with me with his friends.


We go low riding. He's so cute. I think right now, like our biggest thing is just getting dressed like he loves clothes. Oh, he's super into clothes. Are you helping him? Yeah. So he be, he runs to me. He's like, yo dad. Oh. Like he calls me Daddo. He don't call me daddy or dad. Okay. Daddo. He's Like, yo, dado, I need you to help me pick out a fit. I already got this but I just need blah, blah blah blah. So I'm like, let me see. Like that's hard. I like it. Colors is there, got this piece, got that piece you lit. I just need a jacket and a hat. Go in my closet. Go grab one wherever you want. Like we, we, we, we we putting things together. That Is so cute. And also 'cause you're so into fashion, it must be so cool to see like kind of a mini version of yourself staring up at you being like, dad, do you like this?


Yeah. And you're like, fuck my son's cool. Yeah. No I love it. I love the fact that he takes pride in his appearance. That's where I learned how to take pride in my appearance. Yeah. For my dad. Yeah. There you go. My dad used to make me pick out five outfits a week. He'd be like, iron your clothes, pick your outfits out. Not just jeans and t-shirts. You gotta switch it up. You know what I mean? Like he really, really instilled that in me as like taking pride in my appearance, having a nice watch, wearing cologne, making sure my hair was done. I always wanted to grow my hair. I always had long hair. I never really liked having short hair. Yeah. So, but he would be like, cam, you look fucking crazy. Like what the fuck? Blah blah blah. So you know that that's where my pride comes from in my appearance.


And to be instilling that same pride in my son, it feels really good. Also, I saw the cutest video. I think it like went viral on the internet of you taking your son to Taylor Swift. Oh yeah. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. He is so cute. Yeah, he's a big Taylor fan. He's A OG Swifty man. Damn. It cracks me up. It's so cute. It's so sweet. 'cause he plays like really like hard tough music around his friends. And then he'll be studying and he'll be just like singing some real sweet song or like harmonizing. I'm like, you so sweet buddy. I love you boy, It's adorable. Like he really, his palette for music is just like, it's all over the place. I love that for Him. Do you think he's gonna get into the industry?


I could see him getting into the industry. I could see him doing something like with his personality. Oh. Like just because with me, I'm a great musician and that's where I, I put the majority of my work is just like learning and studying music because it's an art. Yeah. But people are in love with me. They love my personality, they love my smile, they love my point of view on things. And I can see him being somebody like that where just his taste in whatever is gonna be valued, whether it's clothes, whether it's movies, whether he wants to direct, whether he plays sports in high school.


He's just gonna freaking be the fucking maestro to his own goddamn classical masterpiece, bro. I Love it. Yeah, I love that. And you're a supportive dad, so he's gonna feel really excited, empowered to Do it. I'm gonna be there screaming, crying. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be so embarrassing. I was gonna say like, how has fatherhood changed you? Fatherhood For me, I think it, it it, it let me know like what I'm really good at and what I'm really here for. Because like I said, I love to do music and if you would've asked me before I had a kid, like what my purpose was, I'd be like to be an entertainer to be on that stage.


And really now I just know that that's my gift like, is to just understand timing and human emotions and how to bring that out. And I understand that I have to work at it for it to be what it is. But being a dad, like that's something that like naturally like, you know what I mean? Like there is no book, there's nobody to study. There is no anything that tells you like how to be a great dad. And my son comes to me regularly and be like, you're just such a good dad dado. Like, I love you so much. And just the things that he does or if I hear him talk to other people or how his teachers tell me that he makes this class feel and things like that.


It is really, really rewarding. Wow. As a parent to know that I'm in charge of that and that that's what the result is. And his mother too, you know, it could be the complete opposite. He could be like, bro, this kid needs some help man. Right. Like, you gotta send him to a fucking blah, blah, blah. He, but instead it's like, you know, they're like, what do you, whatever you're doing, keep doing it. Keep doing it. I'm like, yes. Damn. So being a dad, definitely let me know. Like the art and the, and the, the my craft is something to be proud of and to take serious. But that's not like all that I am in life. Like I'm, I'm more than that. I think that's fucking amazing too.


Just like you knowing yourself enough and then watching your son basically like take on certain things that you like, but he's doing it in his own way and you're so supportive. Clearly. And you guys have such like an amazing way you're raising the kid. I mean he's so cute. Every time I see just like little clips of him, if he's in a video, you're just like, damn, that is congrats. You guys are doing a fabulous job. He's A man. And like I, the way that I do things with him is crazy because I'm always learning. Like he had his friends over this weekend and he was like, he had four friends over, well three friends. It was four boys at my house.


Oh my God. And they're ripping and running. They're all over the house. They're here, they're there, blah blah blah. I got a big ass house. I just bought a big ass trampoline for them. And he's like, can you take us low riding to go get something to eat? And I'm like, maybe I'll see what's up. And then a couple hours passed, they forget about that. He's like, can you take us ice skating? I'm like, yeah, alright. Fuck it. And then I look at all the ice skating rinks and then there's not one that's really like suitable for all of us. And I'm like, nah, let's, let's not go ice skating. He's like, can we go to dinner? I wanna go to get some sushi tonight. I'm like, yeah, fuck it. The gas closes like goes out on dinner and I tell him, I'm like, bro, I'm sorry bro, we we can't go dinner.


He starts like tearing up. I'm like, why are you tearing up? And he was like, I, I just didn't get to do nothing this weekend. Like I just sat in the house like, you know what I'm saying? Like I had my friends over. We really didn't get to do nothing. I'm like, bro, do you understand that having your friends over is a privilege? Like literally that's the doing something, me giving you shit. Oh yeah. Can we go, go-karting? Oh yeah, sure, let me try to rent it out. They didn't have, they didn't have the spot. Me doing shit is extra. Like I'm trying to, I'm trying to make it happen but if it don't work, like, you know what I'm saying, bad like don't tell me we not doing nothing. He is like, I don't mean that we not doing nothing.


It's just that, you know, Christmas break is coming up and Noah's mom said that he's not gonna be able to come back over because blah blah blah. And I haven't taken him out to dinner in a month. Here. Look at this picture. This is from November 2nd. I'm like, you right. It's been a month. He is like, Sean's going out of town and this is JC Young's first time over here. And I was like, oh, so you just really want to show your friends a good time. You're not being spoiled. You just wanted to show him a, like you had high hopes and just like being a party host and you wanted me to help you. He's like, yeah, I was just looking forward to it. But if we, we we don't gotta go, it's cool.


I'm like, no bro, I understand now I'm gonna make sure we go. So we called the restaurant back and they ended up having it open and we ended up being able to go to dinner and all of that. Oh but him, yeah, but him breaking it down and explaining it to me like that, I'm like wow, his 10-year-old mind is really working and it makes sense. That is so adorable. Yeah, it's super cool. Like he's not just being like a little shit where you're like, right. Oh you're being spoiled. Right. He's like, dad I want to show off for my friend. Exactly. And show a good time before they leave for break. Exactly. Exactly. Whiz. That's adorable. Exactly. Oh my god. Yeah. Okay, I only have two more questions for you. Okay. Okay.


What is something you wish more people knew about you? How tall I am tired of people saying that shit. I didn't know you were that tall man. All right. I'm six five. That is so good. There's some people that come on and will like really say something serious and and heartfelt but clearly that's important to you. This Is serious and heartfelt. That's how everyone says to me. I'll say it's so annoying 'cause some people come up to me like, you're so much shorter than I thought. And it is kind of fucking annoying. Yeah. Every time for that to be the leading thing You have. You have tall features. I do.


Yeah. Is that the thing? Because you got a long neck like I do, this neck is like, you know, it's really long and then your arms are like in your, in your wrist. So I would think you were tall too. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is that a bad Thing? No, I Feel like a fucking giraffe. You're like you've got a really long neck. No, a long life. It's not a bad thing. It's like a model neck. Oh. Oh yeah. That's a better way to say it. There you go. Thank you. You're like, you got a long ass neck. And those arms, I'm Sorry. Models are tall and long and exaggerated. Thank you. Thank you. Like myself, Like I was gonna say like you. Yeah. Okay, So, so you're built like a model. Thank You. So are you But let's do a little disclaimer. Wiz is tall as fuck.


There we go. And I am five five, so I am short Daddy Gang. So every time you see me in person, don't be shocked. Five Five built like a model. No Thank you. Okay. What projects do you currently have going on that fans should check out? Should be excited for? Like just talk to me about what you're up to and what you're proud of. Shit, everything go through my whole discography at this point. Okay. Listen to everything from fucking Prince City all the way up to right now. Star Power is like a good one. That was an old mixtape but recently, shit this year I think I put out three or four projects. Yeah.


But the main ones, the last two that I did were Cali Sober. I dropped out in October and I just dropped decisions this month. Those are the last two that I did. I got a lot of videos that I've been dropping. I just dropped some videos off of decisions. Oh nice. So if you just now catching up. See me, I like to be like really current when I'm on the internet. If I go too far back I feel kind of whack. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. So I keep my material like that too. If you want to look up some shit, you don't gotta go too far back to just be up on what's, what's happening. What's happening right now is decisions. I just dropped a a video off of there. Yeah.


Fucking decisions. Listen. Decisions. Decisions. And watch the videos as I drop them. There we Go. Okay. That's good. 'cause sometimes my audience is like really, really dedicated. Yeah. And like if there's one song that you would say like go to listen to, like they usually will also go listen to it. Oh for Real? Yeah. Like which sh song should we all go stream right now? Man, I don't know. Shit Daddy Gang. What we, what We streaming the thrill. Fuck it. Everybody go listen to The Thrill right now. Done Daddy Gang Go. Yeah, I bet. I bet you, I bet you either, I bet you heard that song and fucking haven't heard it in a minute or you didn't know it was me and now you're like, oh I fuck with Wiz.


Okay. Yeah, that's, that's the reaction I want. That's A good answer. Yeah. Yep. Wiz, since you are the first guest of 2024 on Call Her Daddy, I think it's only appropriate that we finish out this episode with you kind of just like giving us a little toast for the new year. Yeah. To the Daddy Gang, to the Taylor Gang. Let's just give good vibes. Give us a little speech about our year. What, what can we, the vibes we need to have toast. Alright, cool. So go ahead. First of all, shout out to the Daddy Gang. Thank y'all for having me. Thank you for having me. Thank you. We bringing the Taylor gang with us. So that's two gangs, so that means it's Gang, gang.


And for 2024, nothing but big vibes, positivity, blessings. Last year was a lot of trials and tribulations and the key word in that is trials. So keep trying and you going to get this shit. Don't stop being yourself and don't stop going hard. Even if you take a little break, that don't mean that you not going hard. That just mean that you gathering your energy and you getting ready for that big motherfucking punch. So save your energy and be effective. Let's get it. Wiz Khalifa, Thank you so much for coming on. Call Her Daddy. Hell yeah. Thanks for having me Dude. That was so fun. Thank you. Thank you so much.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast to start your free trial today.


In real estate, there's a number for everything. Square footage down, payment interest rates. But how do you measure the trust you have in your agent for a re max agent? It's not about numbers on a contract. It's knowing that re max agents have been voted The most trusted in real estate. That means you'll get honest advice, expert guidance, and someone who's committed to your success. Because while numbers count, trust is what truly matters. Re max voted most trusted real estate agency brand by American shoppers based on the 2024 Brain Spark American Trust study. Each office independently owned and operated.


Gatorade Zero has all the electrolytes of Gatorade with zero sugar designed to rehydrate and replenish for a day with zero excuses and zero reasons not to Gatorade. Zero is it in you.


When you don't get a good night's sleep. Rise and shine can sound more like a challenge than a greeting. Let's change that. Introducing the all new Sealy Posturepedic collection now at Ashley featuring Precision Fit coils arranged right where you need them for targeted support night after night, built on generations of pursuing better sleep to help you rise with more. Shine from two leaders in delivering innovative comfort and quality. Sealy at Ashley. Wake up to what's next.