
Hi Daddy Gang. It is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast. To start your free trial today,


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Star Face. Big news Daddy Gang star. Face the brand behind everyone's favorite pimple patches. Just launched a new face wash and moisturizer for breakout prone and sensitive skin that feature salicylic acid to help unclog pores and minimize breakouts. Hallelujah. Woo. We love this. Okay, the Foamy cleanser star Wash removes makeup and buildup while unclogging pores. It has the cutest little shimmer that's MICA based, microplastic free, and it disappears as you cleanse. And for a lightweight moisturizer, try Star Cream. It's super soft and hydrating without feeling heavy. You can find star, wash and star cream right now at Ulta Beauty Target and Star Face World.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by IXL. Whether your kid is struggling or soaring, IXL can make a difference. IXL is an award-winning online learning program that helps kids really understand what they're learning, covering math, language arts, science, and social studies from pre-K all the way through 12th grade. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Call Her Daddy. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today@ixl.com slash Call Her Daddy.


What is Up Daddy Gang? It is Your founding father Alex Cooper with Call Her Daddy. Daddy. Daddy, daddy. Hey Zane. Welcome to Call Her Daddy. Yay. I'm so happy that you're here. We have to preface this with my fans are watching this. Like where the fuck are you guys? We are in my childhood home Daddy Gang. Okay. Zane and I are in my living room that I grew up in. Zane got here and has had to look at all the embarrassing childhood photos of me. Thank you so much for coming. I've never done Any, there was no embarra photos. The record. What did you say?


I didn't see any embarrassing photos. I think you hid them all. I Actually, there's a couple, you'll see them on your way out and then you'll never look at me. The Zane. I have never done a podcast in my childhood home, so this feels like a little sentimental. Also, you never really do interviews. I don't. When is the last time you did something like this? Mm, I think I did an interview like six years ago was the last time I did one Properly. So we're kind of like popping the cherry back off. I think so, yeah. You were getting back. Something like that. So you're living in Pennsylvania and I obviously grew up here. I loved it growing up. It's very family oriented. Very suburban. Yeah. But I'm curious to know like of all the trendy spots that you could have picked, why Pennsylvania?


Yeah, it's interesting. A lot of people ask me that. Like they always think it's super random that I live out here. I ended up coming out here with, with my ex a bit like, and I fell in love with it. Like it was just super like calm and chill, like you said, suburban. And I just wanted to like, take a break from like the busy city. 'cause like I was living in New York for three years at the time and it just got a bit overwhelming, you know, like going out of your door to like just craziness all the time. So I just wanted a bit more like of a surrounding that. Like I'm used to like where I grew up in Bradford, like in, in the uk it's, it's a lot more this kind of pace and vibe. So I feel like I just fit in better around here than I do in the trendy spots.


As it, as it, as it as it were. You know, you, yeah, You give trendy vibes. But I think I totally relate to that of like sometimes when you get to I'll Take that. Yeah, yeah. I give trendy vibes. You give trendy vibes, like look at your outfit, it's like pretty swaggy. But then you're also like hanging with the Amish folk. So it's like a good little juxtaposition, Zane. But what I find interesting is I love that you said like you would be in New York City and I'm assuming you would be going out and there's paparazzi everywhere taking photos of you. Pennsylvania, there ain't no paparazzi. No. Yeah, that's A great thing. Are they finding you or no? No, no. There's none out. Yeah, I think there's like laws and stuff. They're not allowed to even take photos in certain places and Oh, that's amazing.


Yeah, it's cool. Okay. The most important question. Have you gone to Wawa yet? I have Wawa's a nighttime lifesaver out here. I was like, I, how am I gonna get along with Zane if he hasn't like had a love for Wawa yet? So You love it. Wawa? Yeah, like late night studio sessions. There's nothing else open. You have to go to Wawa get the the meatball up. Yeah. It is so fucking superior. I remember growing up and my excuse whenever I would want to go like meet up with boys would be like, mom, like I just wanna go get a Wawa sub. And she'd be like, you're not gonna Choosing Wawas. You cover up. Yeah.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. You all know what speed dating is, right? Yeah. Well if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating only for hiring? In other words, you can meet several interested qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. That sounds actually like a dream to me. Well, good news there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You just pick a time and zip intro does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you. And then you choose who you wanna talk to. You can meet great people as soon as the next day. It is so easy. Daddy Gang. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with the new zip intro. Only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/daddy. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/daddy. Zip intro. Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Call her daddies. Brought to you by Bonds Australia is home to some of the world's deadliest killers. Snakes, spiders, sharks, Crocs. So how is it Aussies are so laid back simple. They're all wearing comfy bonds. Undies. Boom. Okay, you like that. Transition Bonds is Australia's most loved underwear brand, which just launched here in the states. The undies and bras are super soft and supportive, designed to be worn all day long. I cannot take uncomfortable underwear. Like it's not even an option for me. I am not someone that can just put on underwear and I'm like so uncomfortable all day. I'd rather go commando. Okay, but I obviously wanna be wearing underwear. So boom, we have bonds finally in the states. Daddy Gang, if you are someone that needs a refresh, you need, you're looking at your underwear drawer and you're like, I haven't bought new underwear in so long. Get bonds. If you want to get your hands on a pair, we've got exclusive code. Head to bonds australia.com and enter, Call Her Daddy at checkout to get 30% off. That's B-O-N-D-S australia.com. Bonds made for down under terms and conditions apply offer ends 6th of July, 2025.


Okay, so I feel like, again, you're kind of this mysterious guy. Zane, we don't really know too much about you. You're kind of under the radar. So can you take me through a typical day in the life of Zane in Pennsylvania? Like what are we doing? Make us feel like we're a part of your life? A typical day for me is, it kind of varies, depends, you know, like what, what kind of mood I wake up in. But I take it pretty easy. Like I just, I now, 'cause obviously I've got my daughter like 50% of the time. It's, it's, it's a balance between the two things. But when I'm by myself, a typical day is, I'll probably wake up around like midday, have a shower, eat some food, and then like figure out if I'm gonna go to the studio, do some writing.


'cause I've been in like writing mode for a long time, just like working on my records and stuff. So just, yeah, just getting into the studio pretty much. And then I'll, I'll be there like all day until I got sleep. Then you're gonna Wawa and and then I go to Wawa. Yeah, yeah, of course, of course. And stop off for a sandwich. Are you, Are you someone that likes to be alone? I like my own space. I like to collect my thoughts in like a more quiet environment. I feel like when there's a lot of people around, it kind of like just gets a bit hectic for me. Yeah. I just, I like to chill by myself from time to time, but I don't mind hanging out with people now, like on occasion, you know what I'm saying?


Like, it has to be the right kind of environment and have to like, want to be there, you know? No, I get that. I feel like that's also growing up, like I was recently talking to some of my audience, I was meeting them in person and we're like, it's kind of weird when you just start to grow up. You just get more specific with who you wanna spend your time with. I think that's a healthy thing. Obviously you're on a even bigger stage because you were around millions of people in stadiums and tours and everything. But I also think that's kind of relatable of like, you know what, sometimes I wanna be alone and then also hang with people, but like, you gotta be good company. Yeah. I, I've always felt like it would be, you know, a pretty normal reaction to feel that way around so many people.


I think anybody who is like overwhelmed in that manner would feel, you know, a certain type of Yeah. Of way about it. But I'm definitely learning to manage it a lot better. Like, as I'm getting older, like it's, it's more of a choice, you know, rather than a, than a hindrance. It's not like I can't do that. It's like I, I'd rather prefer not to. Yeah. Yeah. That makes Sense. I own it a bit more. Yeah. You obviously love music, but can you share with us, like what are some of your other hobbies? What are your passionate about? What's other than music? Like, my main passion I think outside of music is, is art. I love to paint and I love to draw. I do a bit of cooking.


Kate, tell me one of your dishes. Come on. I can't cook for Shit, so I can cook a lot of different things, but I like to cook meat. Like specifically, like I, I have a smoker outside and I like to smoke like lamb and, and I cook like my, like I'll do like grilled vegetables with it and stuff. Oh, Is this like new or were you always good at cooking? I wasn't always good at cooking, unfortunately for me. No, my, my mom kind of spoiled me as a kid. So when I was living by myself, like at 17 there was some botch jobs done for some meals. Yeah. It wasn't, wasn't great. Some, some disgusting. Yep. Stuff was going down for sure. Like rock and cheese, raw noodles. Yeah. Horrible.


Yeah, just sandwiches, you know, out of like crisps. That's kind of nice to be able to know. Like you can cook, you're over there painting. You can sing. Okay. Yeah. No big deal. Don't keep bragging over there. Wow. Making us all look bad. Do you have animals? I do, yeah. I've got a lot of animals. I have three cats. Oh, three dogs. Oh, Do they get along? They're kind of like in different places. I have some dogs that one part of my house and the cats in the other, the, we have three turtles, six chickens. Do You name them all? No, I haven't. Not this time. I got too attached last time and it did, it made, made me really sad.


Did The chickens die? Yeah. Oh God. I took, I took my chicken to, to the vet to get a scan because something was wrong with her and the vet laughed at me and said, people don't bring chickens here. And, and then they still charged me for an x-ray and then I, I took my chicken all the way home and cried and she died in my arms. Yeah. Whe I'm like not laughing 'cause It's funny. I know it's, it is kind of funny, but not because the chicken died, but it's just funny seeing me take a chicken to the back. And when you say you're holding your chicken, like are you holding your chicken like this? Yeah, fully on my lap. Yeah. She died on my lap. So you weren't crazy for going to the vet?


No. Yeah, she had something wrong with it. We tried to rescue him. They were gonna be slaughtered I think. And they had all kinds of things wrong with them. Yeah. But I've got new chickens now and they're all healthy and stuff, but I didn't name 'em for that reason. Okay. And what are the names of the cats? Salem Dobby and Vito Doby. Is that from Harry Potter? It's from Harry Potter. He's a sphinx. He's a pink sphinx. Yeah. So he looks a little bit like Doby Doby himself. Harry. That's so good. You're a Harry Potter fan. I'm a Big Harry Potter fan. Zane, I didn't know that about you. Yeah. I wouldn't have pegged you as like a Harry Potter guy. Yeah. This is like really good vibes. It was, it was my thing as a kid. Yeah. That's really good.


Okay. And what are the dog's names? Zion, Zeus and Thumper. Thumper With an F. With an F. Yeah. Thumper. Thumper. Like Thumper but with an F. How'd You come up with that? Bambi. Huh? Thumper the rabbit. Yeah. But you wanted an F. Yeah. Thumper thought sounded better. Yeah, just it, it's better in my accent. Thumper, you know? Yeah. It does sound pretty good. Something I love to do on Call Her Daddy is like, the reason we all are the way that we are is because of our childhood. Where we came from, who we were raised by our environment growing up. Obviously you living in Pennsylvania right now is so different from where you grew up in the UK and Bradford like you described.


Can you explain to people that may not be familiar with Bradford? Like what was your upbringing like and what was that environment like? Where do you want me to start? Just Wherever it feels right. Go ahead. Yeah. Bra bradford's. Not obviously like Pennsylvania in terms of, you know, like the wealth and the way that it's like, you know, looked after and taken care of. It's, it's impoverished community. You know, there's people below working class that that, that have, you know, a hard environment that they're growing up in. You know, everyone's kind of got some issues going on at home or something's happening, you know, even if it's on the street or whatever, wherever you go, there's, there's a lot of confliction, you know.


So it, it was very different to, to hear in that sense for sure. But I'm very grateful for where I grew up. 'cause it, it definitely, like you said, shaped and molded a lot of identity for me early on I was questioned, you know, and like interrogated about my identity because of my environment. Like it's just the way it is. Like you have to have a good understanding of who you are and I'm really grateful for that. You know, it helped cement my own identity myself. I think When you talk about like, people would question your identity. I know your family is not from the uk, your family is Pakistani and I'm curious, is that what you My my father is my, my my mom's English.


Okay. Yeah. So did, are you saying like, is that how that was influenced? No, not necessarily. Just in, in every sense of the word. Like even like your fashion, the clothes you wanna wear, the way you wanna cut your hair. It was always something was questioned, you know, if you weren't doing the norm that was like, that everybody would do was doing or everyone was following, you know, everyone would wear a certain type of pants or certain type of shoe. And if you weren't dressed that way, you would get questioned about it. You know, like people would be very like in your face and be like, give you shit. So you had to like, have a bit about you so that you could, you know, know who you were and have a conversation back, have a bit of wits about you is is, you know, street smarts for Sure. You gotta be able to like, hold your own. Exactly. Yeah. And when you say people are coming at you, is it more like peer dynamics of Yeah.


Or is it more like authoritative figures? There's there's a, yeah, there's a, a balance, a mix. Sorry. Of, of everything. It's, it depends, you know, there's, there's the peer pressure in schools and stuff, but then it's on the street if you go out there and stuff. If you're just trying to have a good time, you know, like it's not as friendly, fun, you know, it's a bit more like, yeah, irate. There's, there's a bit of, there bit of aggression going on, you know what I mean? Yeah. Talk to me about where you grew up. Like are you in an apartment? Are you in a condo, are In a home? Oh no. We, we, I grew up in a, in a terrace house in a rented property. We never owned our, our own house.


So yeah, it was, it was a small house. There was like three bedrooms, kitchen, living room. But the streets like are all, like every house is like stuck next to the one, next to it, you know what I'm saying? There's no space. You have a garden that's like, like enough for maybe a dog to sit in. Yeah. So yeah, it is, it's a bit different for sure. Yeah. So you have three sisters. Okay. And so you are the one boy and three sisters I think have Three sisters. Yeah. What was it like growing up with all mostly women around you? Like how do you think that shaped you? I feel like I learned a lot of things like early on.


My sisters are, are very opinionated, you know, they're very strong characters and yeah, I love 'em. They're great. They, they were a lot of fun. Yeah. It was always entertaining in our house for sure. I Love, I really love when I meet a guy and I'm, you can just tell that he has sisters because you can just tell the way they move around women. You guys learn what a fucking tampon is. Earlier I had to go to the store and buy 'em. Wow. So you were like really supporting that time of the month. Yeah, yeah. Terrified. Yeah. But supportive for sure. Yeah. Okay. Were you reluctant to go to the store and buy Anything? Definitely not. It was just kind of weird. Like when the shop, people would ask me like why I was buying them and I'm like, obviously I'm not buying them for myself, you know, like, do you have to ask me that?


Like, just let me buy this. You Wouldn't stick like a couple extra like, snacks around it. You're just like tampons. No. Yeah, we didn't have money for extra snacks. It was just, it need needs to mean, yeah. Zane's like I'll take the supers. These bitches are on it Means to needs the other way around. But yeah, exactly. You, you, it was always an awkward conversation but yeah, I, I didn't mind it. I respect It. I really, You that few sisters. Okay. To people obviously that weren't there in your childhood, how would you describe your personality as a kid? My personality as a kid, I think I was a bit of a cheeky, cheeky chappy. Yeah. Used to, mischievous used to get into all kinds of just childish stuff, you know, like climbing in places I shouldn't have been and falling out trees and smashing windows and stupid things.


Yeah. Oh, with, with a football accidentally of course, you know? Right, Right, right. For sure. For sure. So you were getting in trouble a little bit. Yeah. Just like childish stuff though. Yeah. You know, nothing too serious. Yeah, Like climbing trees. Exactly. Yeah. Exciting shit. Okay, so you were kind of just like doing your thing as a kid, but I also think the way that you're describing the environment that you grew up, was there a way that you could have gone down the wrong path easily because of that environment? It was easy to get wrapped up in the wrong crowd. Oh definitely. Yeah. I think there was always an opportunity to go and do something that, you know, would've got you in like serious trouble. I was really lucky in a sense that like my mother and father, like were super protective of that environment.


My dad was always aware of, you know, the things that were out there and he always explained stuff to me from a young age and kind of kept me away from that if I'm being honest. And that's where like I developed into being a person that likes to be by myself and like in my room, like singing, recording, writing, I got into, you know, poetry and things like that. 'cause I was in my room a lot like, and I didn't like to be in them kind of environments. It was just a bit too much, you know? Yeah. I was always a bit more of a reserved kind of guy, a bit, you know, artistic wanted to do my own thing. I didn't really want to be in that. So my parents did a good job of keeping me away from it, I think. Yeah. Did you get along with kids in school?


Were you like the cool kid? Were you bullied? Like what was the vibe? Yeah, I think I got on with with pretty much everyone, but I wasn't like, I, I was the type of person who only ever had like two, three close friends. Okay. So I didn't have like a big group. Like I knew people, people knew of me. I don't think I was the cool kid. Yeah. But I wasn't bullied either. Yeah. Like I, if, if people knew me, they were friendly with me. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like a lot of kids, we always have that like memory. Maybe it's financial, maybe it's something with the parents or the siblings or extended family, like of like a childhood memory that you remember your family kind of just being like stressed or going through something difficult.


Kind of like if you could remember kind of a childhood memory that you remember just being like stressed about something in your life. Like looking back at like childhood stresses. Like I, I feel like a lot of them were so like finicky that it was just probably just some teenage shit, you know what I mean? It wasn't anything important. So I don't really look back at things like that in, in my personality, the, the way I am. Like I, I've never really like looked back and been like, oh yeah, this is one thing that like kind of was, you know, a stressful thing. I think life is interesting like that. I think, you know, it depends on what you're going through at that time and how you feel and then you can reflect on it at a different point and feel completely differently about it. Yeah.


It's so interesting. I have a lot of respect even for you answering it like that. 'cause I know that you've been open about like at one point your family being on food stamps and I feel like a lot of people would sit here and that may have been the answer, right? Yeah. Yeah. That would've been like, well fuck. Like I couldn't even, I didn't know where my next meal was. And you're like, oh, you know, maybe it was childish shit. Like no big deal. And it's like, that's interesting if you, yeah, No and obviously there is, there was some serious things like that for sure too. But I don't look back at it in, in terms of a negative light. You know? It all helped to like shape and mold who I am and make me grateful for the things that I have now, you know? Yeah. So we are here because you can sing.


When did you first realize you were passionate about singing and you could sing? I think I was about 11, 12. I'd sung a little bit before, like I'd done a bit in, in like school choir and stuff. Funny story. Actually fancied like these three girls that were in choir and they were triplets and that's why I just was like, I'm gonna be in quiet just so I can hang around with these girls. And then it developed from there. When I went into high school, I went to a performing arts college, like specifically like majored in in Sports and performing arts and they were doing the school production that year for Greeks.


And I auditioned and nobody could sing like at all like in our whole school. And I went and did this like singing audition. Everyone was like, whoa, you can sing. And then my music teacher like recommended that I get like a couple of singing lessons and stuff. Yeah. And then she said, I think you should go on X Factor. I think you've got a good chance. Like, and it just kind of went from there. Like I love that the story started with, you know, there were these three triplets and it just felt right to join choir Because I was like eight as well by the way, just for the record. So Swaggy, you're like, I gotta get in that class. I need To just Yeah.


Spend this time. Yeah. Right. So like your natural, just like boy interest ended up, you realized something that you had a true talent from the triplets to X factor. You made It So it's so funny too because you say you wouldn't be where you are without your mom because you didn't wanna get outta bed the morning that you had the X Factor audition and your mom made you go, why did you also not wanna go initially? I think it was just nerves. I, I built it up in my head and I was like, yo, this is a massive thing. And yeah, I was like, I don't think I'm gonna go today. And my mom's like, you are going, you're going right now. You're gonna go see what happens. So yeah, I definitely owe it to her for that for sure.


Oh My God. And so did you like practice? You were practicing for it? Yeah, but I had no idea. No clue. Like they, they told us like we had to have like a backing track, like a, a karaoke version and like I was still like inexperienced at that time that I didn't even know what that was. So like I was just planning on singing acapella so I was just gonna do it like without anything. And it was so weird for me to adjust to singing on a backing track. I was like, this is a such a weird experience. I think even Simon looked at me a little bit weird like when I did the acapella. 'cause everybody had backing tracks and stuff, but yeah. So That probably made you stand out though. I don't know. It could have worked either way, ma.


Maybe it made me sound really bad too. No, Well obviously not. Look where you're fucking sitting. Yeah, true. Do you remember what you sang? Yeah, I do Mario, let me Love you. And the reason I said that is 'cause I've seen that performance back a few times and Cringed every time watched. So yeah, it's not my best vocal performance. So there's a lot of nerves involved there for sure. But Clearly there was something in there, Zane. There's some talent. Yeah, there's some potential. Wow. Acapella. And he just nails it.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Ollie. We all have different eras that we go through in life, right? Like in college I was a little bit of a degenerate, then I got outta college and I kept that going. But then I became a serious podcaster and I was like, okay, I have a job now all of a sudden I'm running a company and I'm a dog mom. And all of these things keep ever changing. But no matter what era you're in, Ollie's got you Ollie's here to support you through every goal stage and magnificent mood change with a full range created for women by women hitting wellness goals is so much easier with tasty science backed gummies that make you actually wanna take your vitamins in the morning. And it's not all about achievement. Ali gets what women go through ease into your cycle with period hero. The tasty gummy ring is designed to support bloating, mood swings and breast tenderness, or get back to the balanced you with balanced per meno designed to fit into your routine and support hormonal balance, mood, and your metabolism during perimenopause. Ali is here for every era of you do wellness on your terms, shop all new period, hero and other wellness flavors@olly.com and Walmart. That's OLL y.com. Olly, these statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Bonds Australia is home to some of the world's deadliest killers, snakes, spiders, sharks, Crocs. So how is it Aussies are so laid back simple. They're all wearing comfy bonds undies, boom. Okay, you like that. Transition Bonds is Australia's most loved underwear brand, which just launched here in the states. The undies and bras are super soft and supportive, designed to be worn all day long. I cannot take uncomfortable underwear. Like it's not even an option for me. I am not someone that can just put on underwear and I'm like so uncomfortable all day. I'd rather go commando. Okay, but I obviously wanna be wearing underwear. So boom, we have bonds finally in the states. Daddy Gang, if you are someone that needs a refresh, you need, you're looking at your underwear drawer and you're like, I haven't bought new underwear in so long. Get bonds. If you want to get your hands on a pair, we've got an exclusive code. Head to bonds australia.com and enter, Call Her Daddy at checkout to get 30% off. That's B-O-N-D-S australia.com. Bonds made for down under terms and conditions apply offer ends 6th of July, 2025.


When you look back at that moment, obviously, is it like surreal, like if you even had to like watch it back, like is it, does it even feel like a lifetime ago? Yeah, it does. It feels like so much longer than it actually was. Yeah. 'cause so much stuff's happened in that time. Yeah, it's it's, it's very interesting. Very surreal. And I, I feel all them nerves are get, like, when I watch it, like I, I feel like I could like give myself a hug, you know, and be like, it's okay bro. Because I literally am like holding onto the mic for dear life. Please nobody hurt me. Yeah, it's so Good. It's so good. So obviously then X factor, everyone, Simon, everyone came to you guys and they had this idea to invent one direction and then I, I think people don't, I don't even know like did you even meet anyone before they put you guys together?


Yeah, we knew each other like just from around. Okay. 'cause we were like a similar age and stuff. So naturally you speak to people who were like a similar age to year round there and stuff. And we were at bootcamp together and we'd, I met Harry the on my audition there because we both auditioned in Manchester. Do You guys, and we literally sat next to each other in the audition. Oh. So it was like fucking meant to be, He was sat right next to me. We spoke and I went in and did like a producing audition round and then he went in straight after me and we spoke a little bit there. Yeah. So You weren't complete strangers. That's good to know. Yeah, because it, like, I didn't know if they like just threw you all together and then you were like, Hey, what's up? They said it very well, obviously, you know, you don't see all behind the scenes and stuff. Yeah. But yeah, you spend a lot of time with the contestants.


Okay, Got it. Once you started obviously one direction and you joined one direction, like how quickly did your actual life change? Was it overnight, immediate or was it a little bit gradual? It was kind of strange. It the like visual evidence of life changing, like people being outside of the, the studio and stuff was like, when we were on the live shows, we started to get like a, a fan base and an audience and you could see that people were paying interest in us. So yeah. From that point on, like it was kind of a bit crazy. Like what were you even able to comprehend it?


Not really, I don't think comprehended it at all. Like, I think it's just a rush, you know? It was like just fun. And then the repetitive fun over and over again eventually is gonna take its toll. You know what I mean? Totally. So then you look at it a certain way when you're in that and like, it feels overbearing now. I look back at it like it was a rush, you know? It was, it was fun. It was, and it was something that was amazing. Like, so of course I wasn't gonna understand it. It's not something I expected in my life, but it was definitely fun for sure. Yeah. Yeah, Because it is so interesting. I think people forget, like you were 17 at the time. Yeah. 17. Yeah. Like my brother lived in this house at 17 and was like picking his nose and going to Wawa and like trying to fucking get girls to pay attention to him.


And you are like all of a sudden overnight become one of the biggest stars in the world. Can you help us commoners over here? Zane Commoners. Commoners. Can you help us understand like what skyrocketing to that level of fame can do to you as an individual when you're like by yourself at night, laying in bed trying to understand like what is happening to you in your life? Yeah, you could, you can definitely get into, you know, deep places of thought if you really reflect on it in that kind of manner. To be honest with you, I don't think I was even like intellectually capable to, to do that at that age. You know, like I think it's took time for me to process them things.


I think I've had to like process it with an, with an older mind and, and look at backwards and be like, yo, this was why this happened and this is what happened and you know, we took off at this point and this, this interview made this happen and then this song made this happen and just decipher it, you know, as like facts rather than like, in an emotional manner. 'cause emotion like just seems to just blur things, you know? Right. So I, I try not to think about them things on that kind of level. Like, oh, I'm super famous, like I just make music, you know? I love singing and people seem to have an interest in it.


Yeah. So yeah, A little bit. Yeah, just a little bit. No, I almost get what you're saying. Like you kind of have to black it out and just be present because if you stop to think about all of it, then it's all gonna come. Exactly. Yeah. And that's how I deal with it. I don't black it out so much, but I just don't overthink, you know, it, it works for me that way I think. Yeah. You just almost have to stay present 'cause it's like, what else do You in the moment? Yeah. Just enjoy it. And then like in, you know, 10 years time you can look back and be like, this is what happened. Right? Yeah. Like now you can look at it in hindsight and be like, if You have 10 years time, but you know Right. If you have that luxury, Yeah. But you've had time probably now to be like, whoa, in your quiet moments now in life where you can actually sit and dissect things that at 17, 18 years old, again, like you said, I was just having fun, I was just going with it.


And also, it's not like you were just on this solo tour, like you were a part of something. So that also probably affected of like, be a good team player, like go with the flow. Like do what you gotta do. Obviously your guys fans are insane. They're obsessed, they're still obsessed, they're everywhere. They love you guys. Can you share any like, memorable fan moments that you remember to this day that have stuck with you? Of just like, anything that happened that you're like, damn, I've, I've probably said this a lot of times, but honestly it was one of the craziest and, and most bizarre moments ever. I remember coming out of the studio once in Sweden when we were recording, what makes you beautiful?


And this is before even we dropped our first single and there was like a row of like maybe five, six bins, like trash cans, like outside of the studio. And I came out and like every single one of the trash cans opens and there's like three people inside of Wait, what? How did I Not know the story? And they tried to like grab me and it was, it was a very memorable moment. That was for sure. Yeah. I think I had a mini heart attack. Humans popped out trash can from garbage cans. Yeah. And tried to grab you. Yeah. It's like a fucking video game. Yeah. It was like swallow you into the fucking Into the trash can. What? Yeah, it was funny man. What? Oh wow. Do you think that in any way That's dedication though, right? To get into a trash can?


Like Zane, they were willing to get in the trash bucket for you. Okay. Motherfucker. They are loyal. They are. Do you think that those kind of moments though, not that we don't love the fans, we're obsessed, but like people being so obsessed with you. Like is there any lingering paranoia from people constantly staring at you and following you? No. No, not really. I don't have paranoia in that sense. No, That's good. You sleep well? Yeah, I do. I sleep in Pennsylvania. I mean Yeah, I know. Look, it's raining. I can hear the crickets. Yeah, it's amazing. There's, there's no crazy people out there. No one crazy in Pennsylvania. Oh, that's debatable. You're performing in front of massive crowds.


And I, I know you're kind of saying like you were in the moment, but like, were you able to just easily get in front of all these people? Was there no fear or anxiety that came with like, standing in front of thousands and hundreds of thousands of people when you're on stage? I think there was, but I don't think we had time for it. Like, there was no, like, you have time to have anxiety or be nervous. You're just kind of gonna go do it, you know, like get on with it. So yeah, we just, we kind of, I think we just got thrown into the deep end and we kind of just had to swim. Yeah. You know, like, and I feel like we did a good job, like in terms of like, you know, the, the keeping it together and, and making the music that we were meant to make.


I think I got out at the right time. I think if it had done it any longer, yeah, it might have affected me a bit more, but I think we did the right amount, you know? Yeah. I think it's interesting too because when you look at bands, or even just like any brand that has like multiple people attached to it. Like everyone loves to put archetypes with people like the Spice Girls for example. Perfect example. You have to label everyone. And so for a boy band it would be like the boy next door, like the bad Boy, like the in like the brooding one or the funny one. Like what persona do you think you played This to make the make out that I was like the the brooding serious one. Yeah. But that wasn't necessarily my personality type.


Just, I think it just a marketing scheme. You know, you've got the Telly Tailies, you've got Spice Girls, you've got whatever. Like it's just a marketing scheme, you know, like, oh this is this one. So I get it. But I, I don't, I I don't think you can define a an entire person to one personality trait, you know? Yeah. We're a little bit more complex than that. Yeah. I don't know what my trip would've been if I'd have given myself one. It might have took a long time to, to come up with one if I was gonna do that. So I could see why they, they just said, oh yeah, you can be the mysterious one. Yeah. It's interesting. I love the Telly Tubby reference. You're like the Teletubbies, the Spice Girls one Direction. I'm like the fucking Teletubbies.


Yeah, But you're right. I think Simon was behind the Teletubbies too. Stop. What's the option? I'm yeah. On the Power Rangers. Yeah. It's so fucking crazy. It's all coming full Circle. It's clunk. Fuck. No, but it's interesting because I was gonna ask like I agree you kind of had this like brooding mysterious personality and that's why I'm excited to sit down with you today because again, those stereotypes that were put onto people, I'm curious if, first of all, who comes up with that Marketing people, I guess I'm guessing so. Yeah. Yeah. It's not like the fans, it's kind of just happens. Well, yeah. And maybe some, some of the fans kind of like naturally say this too, you know what I mean? From like pictures and things like that.


Like, So you did you agree? So you didn't agree with it, but do you think you leaned into it more? Or you were Like, I think I just had one face to pull, you know, in, in my, I was doing the Zoolander, like that was it, you know what I mean? I was only a young kid. I didn't know what else to do. I get it. If anything maybe it made it easier 'cause you're like, this is just my lane. Yeah, this Is me. Just stick with this. They'll ask me too many questions. Do you think you're mysterious? Not really. I just, I just like to just like chill, you know, like to be in the back a little bit. Yeah. I'm a bit more relaxed. I'm not like trying to like be in your face, you know? You're Not trying to jump in front. Yeah, exactly. Okay, well now you're solo so you gotta jump in front.


That's it. Okay, we're gonna get there. Take the Rein. I love how you kind of mentioned, you know, you got out at the right time and I think that you leaving the band obviously shook the fucking world and everyone was like, Zane like no, like keep it together. But I think what again we forget is you're a human being and you clearly had to take care of your mental health and do what was best for you. Can you, I know you've lightly talked about this, but just so we get a full circle moment, can you just take us back to that moment of like actually sitting with yourself and knowing it was time to leave? Yeah. I think I'd known for a minute, there was a lot of, look, I don't wanna go into too much detail, but there was a lot of politics going on.


Certain people were doing certain things, certain people didn't wanna sign contracts. So I knew something was happening. So I just got ahead of the curve, if I'm being honest with you. I was like, I'm just gonna get out of here. I think this is done. And I just seen it and I completely selfishly wanted to be the first person to go and make my own record. If I'm being completely honest with you. I was like, I'm gonna jump the gun here for the first time. I'm passive dude. But when it comes to my music and, and my business, I'm serious about it and I'm competitive. So I wanted to be the first to go and do my own thing. Yeah. That's, that was the reason. And then there was obviously underlying issues like within our friendships too. We'd been together every day for five years and we'd got sick of each other for being completely honest.


So we were, we were close, you know, we've done crazy things with each other and that nobody else in the world will ever understand or have them experiences that we've shared with each other. And, and I look back on it now in a much fonder light than I would've, you know, as I just left. There were great experiences, had great times with them, but yeah, we just run our course. I love that you're saying that too. 'cause I think people can relate to that of like, if you're with the same people 24 7, no shit. And I think I can imagine as you guys were younger, everyone was so idealizing this band that you couldn't say that back in the day of like yeah, we got fucking sick of each other. It was time to like do our own things. And I think that's so okay.


But because there was this obsession, obviously I get it. There's the nostalgia for Sure. Yes. An idea, isn't it? Yeah. It's like when you watch friends, you, you don't want Joey cussing off Chandler, you know what I mean? You want these people to be best friends. Like it's an idea. Yeah. You want them to stay together forever. But I also think it's so healthy because imagine if you hadn't ended it, then you really would've fucking hated each other. Yeah. And being able to go on your own way. Also, someone always has to be the first one to leave. Exactly. And maybe it's the best thing for it, but in the time I can imagine there's hurt feelings. Were you afraid of what the world was gonna think of you when you made that decision? I don't think I was afraid. No. I just, the first thing I wanted to do was call my mom.


As cheesy as that sounds, I just wanted to call her and be like, is it okay if I come home? Like, is this this, is this good? Like, and she was like, yeah. So as soon as she said that I was like, yeah, I'm, I'm good. Like I'm, I'm done. Like I'm over this. I don't, I didn't really care about what anybody else thought. That's, that's the type of person I'm like we were talking about earlier. I try to close them opinions off. I'm not really the type of person who defines myself on other people's opinions of myself. If people know me and know me well, they know who I am. Yeah. And I spend that time on them people and make sure that they're, you know, looked after and they get that time with me rather than the people that I'm never necessarily even gonna see or, you know, have a conversation with. Especially if it's a negative remark.


You know, positive remarks are always nice. I I don't really pay attention to either of 'em if I'm being completely honest with you. Just don't let it get in my head. I think that's so smart because I think social media, even if you're not famous, like everyone is feeding themselves and their worth by what other people are saying about them. And it's like you good with your family and like, I don't mean family by blood. Like you may not be good With just Yeah. People are who have around you. Yeah. Your circle. Yeah. Yeah. And as long as they're good then that's all about to me. We But did you not tell your mom you were doing it? Did I not tell my mom I was leaving? Yeah, no, I, I, it was like kind of spur of the moment. Like I, I'd not told her beforehand like, oh I'm thinking of leaving.


I just called her on that day and that I was leaving and said, I'm coming home. Is it okay? Have you still got a bed for me? And she was like, stop. Yeah man. So it's long. She's like, yeah, come back. Yeah. My dad wasn't so cool about it. He was like, nah, nah, you gotta stay with Simon Simon's gonna stay you. Right. Like, don't come home, stay there. But my mom was like, yeah, you can come home, please son, come home. You know? Oh my God, that's actually really cute that the first person like, mom, do you have a bed for me? She's like, let's go. Because didn't you also buy your mom, one of the first things you did with your success is you bought her a home. I Did, yeah. How cool was that to be able to buy your mom something amazing after everything She's done. Amazing. Yeah. It's a great feeling. Wild. Okay, so you leave the band and ta take me to, when you're laying in your mom's home, you're in bed.


What were those next couple weeks like for you? Like mentally and emotionally? It was interesting. I was just trying to get stuff together. Like, I wanted to get like a plan of action, you know what I mean? So I was like on a bit of a mission. I wasn't there too long. I went home for a little bit and then I went back to London and started working and stuff. That must have been so stressful too because I feel like I guess we see it in various different forms, but like if you make a jump, even if someone like quits their job right? They're like, I need to prove to myself and other people that like I now can do it. Like. Exactly. Yeah. So did you put pressure on yourself when obviously you came out being solo? Like were you fucking nervous? Yeah, for sure.


It's a very different experience starting on stage by yourself too. Like it's a whole different workload as well. Singing three and a half minutes of a song completely by yourself. Like when you've got a song divvy between five people, you're singing a little bit of a verse. Maybe some ad libs, you know, I preferred the workload, gonna be honest, but You're like taking a nap in the back carries like ing it's your party. Yeah. Oh yeah. Nice one. But yeah, it, it, it, it, I just kind of had to like make an adjustment. I started practicing a lot more and singing a lot more and just like making sure I could sing for three minutes. Right. You had to be like, I need to get back to my Let me love you days. That's it. Where I'm like back on X facts. Yeah. It's just me.


I'm curious and I don't know 'cause I know you were saying, and I I totally respect it of like you were kind of just in this phase of going, going, going and you didn't have time to stop, but when you did go solo and you left, did you have to take any moment to be like, who the fuck am I independent of now not being a part of something that I was identified as in media? Yeah, definitely. I think it, that's why I've took the time I have to like, not even necessarily do interviews and do too much like press exposure because I feel like we were so overexposing in the band that like it takes a bit of time for you naturally to progress as a human and give something else that is interesting that you have to say.


You don't wanna be sat there just saying the same shit on repeat and you know what I mean, day in, day out. Like I think this should be a good healthy break in between. And that was my approach to it for sure. So I feel like in terms of, you know, figuring out what your identity is as as an artist, the only way you're gonna do that is by living. You know, you can't just be on the conveyor belt and expect to have any sort of experience that's new that you're gonna give people. I love that too. 'cause I feel like people, especially creators, there's such a stress about taking a break and it doesn't mean you're actually taking a break. You could be working your As off still working. Yeah. You Just, but like popping out of the scene, Not doing it in the spotlight.


Yeah. Yeah. And you did, were you able to just not have anxiety about it? 'cause you're like, I know I'm coming back, but it's like I gotta just be good on my own shit and not be fulfilling the tabloids in everyone else. Like how am I on my own right now? Exactly. Yeah. That's interesting. That was all thought behind it for sure. So you Start doing your own solo music and I remember when you came out pillow talk, all the good stuff, you popped off and it's like really dope to see you coming out with your own sound and creative and it's you. And that's exciting to know. Like you are producing this and it's not obviously a no shade to one direction, but like you're one of five, like you can't really have a full say in shit. No. Yeah. Now this is you, when you started on your solo career, like was there anything that you really wanted to make sure that you could bring to life that maybe you weren't able to when you were in a band?


Like creatively? Creatively? I just wanted to talk about things, you know, that were a bit more real like, and authentic to situations that I was going through in my life. Like obviously certain things that we would talk about in the band was always very, you know, clean cut, like just glaring over the top, not really any depth or any stories to what's going on. And that was always a, a big thing for me. Obviously I understand again from a marketing scheme that like the the audience and the fan base we were appealing to at that point was that kind of vibe. Yeah. So it was never gonna work for that kind of audience, but yeah, I just wanted to show people that I had a bit more depth.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I get that. 'cause like even earlier you said like, you like to write poetry and I'm like, I can only imagine how much the writing process is therapeutic and you get to infuse parts of yourself and your identity, whereas that just like wasn't in the past, which it shouldn't have been. Yeah. Like it was a band, it was great, whatever, but now you can actually artistically exercise that part of yourself, which must be, I really, it's difficult for people to write songs even from one, one perspective, you know? Like there was five of us in the room when we used to write sometimes and it was so hard to get us all to like have the same viewpoint Yeah. And want to talk about the same thing. So in that sense, from a creative point, it is a lot more freeing for me.


Like I can fully get to grips with every part of it, you know? Yeah. The melody, the, the story, the production, the, the emotion, the feeling that I'm trying to convey in, in each song. So in, in that sense, it's super liberating. It's cool 'cause I, I think you're getting, now we're getting to know you a little bit better now that you are doing solo music, but do you think, do you think that the world even like, slightly knows Zane yet? I don't know. I, I try to like, move in a certain way that, you know, hopefully I will still have some juice. You know, I don't want, I don't want to give everything o only one girl, so if they don't know everything yet, that's okay.


But hopefully they get to know me a bit better in this interview, you know? Mm. See. Maybe they're getting to see my thought patterns. Yeah. Still a little mysterious. Yeah. I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying to be an open book. We, it, we like it. Okay. How about this? Describe yourself in three words. Describe myself in three words. Well, I'm definitely not gonna use mysterious as one of 'em. I would say I'm a chill. I funny. Hmm. Loving guy.


All the girls watching this, you're like, ah, so nice. That's so nice. What's your favorite thing about yourself? I don't know. I think I, I think I, I like the fact that I'm, I'm pretty witty. Like, I'm, I'm pretty smart. Like, and I enjoy that about myself. I think You're a good company with yourself. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I enjoy that. I'm pretty smart. I, I have little laughs to myself, you know about that. What's your least favorite thing about yourself? I'm a bit sensitive sometimes. Yeah. Not in a bad way. Yeah. Yeah. I can, that's good thing. Take things the wrong way sometimes I can, I'm definitely working on that.


Like, gimme an example. Like, I just like tend to, like, if somebody says something to me, like I'll take it the wrong way if, like, I really care about their opinion, what they're saying to me. Got it. Yeah. Then you'll get upset. Yeah. I think that's good though. That means you care, right? Yeah. Like I said, with the people that are close to me. Right. Do you think you at times can be too caring in moments that you need to learn to? Like I'm, I'm learning to, to be, to be a bit more turned with it. Yeah, for sure. Well, boundaries. Yeah. No, not, not boundaries. Just like, I'm just learning not to like, get in my head about certain things, you know, across the board. Like, I, I exercise that well in terms of like dealing with the media and things like that, but I don't necessarily do that too well in my personal life.


Sometimes I take things hard. Yeah. That's good though. Again, it does mean you care, but I get then you're like, yeah, but then I'm over here like dying inside. I gotta like muster up the courage to be Like, then I go write a song. Yeah. Yeah. Put that into a song. Okay. Give us one that's like, really sad so We can like cry. Oh, I've got a few. I've got a few. Oh really? Few really sad ones. Yeah. See, this is what we need, Steve. Okay. We need some criers. We've got some cry moments. What Do you think is the biggest misunderstanding about you? That I'm like, super serious like that. I like just, I'm like super stern and serious. Yeah. All the time. When I'm not, like, I'm just chill.


I, I know that like a lot of people have like high energy personalities and it's just not the way I am. It's, you know what I'm saying? I'm just a bit more relaxed about things. It's actually nice to be in person with you. 'cause I could see in media it could come off. I get it. Like, serious. You're literally just chilling. Yeah. You're relaxed. I'm just relaxed. You're, You're cozy and you're sweater. There's thunder, there's rain. We're just Relaxed in Pennsylvania. I didn't even drive too far. Came to your mom's house.


Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Airbnb. Okay. So I have a trip booked currently and we got an Airbnb in the desert. I'm so excited. It is this gorgeous lavish house that I really wanted to be with my friends, my childhood friends are coming into town and I didn't want to do a hotel because I was like, I wanna be super close with my girls. I want everyone sleeping in the same space, but also having our own room so we have privacy and we're all together. And that is where Airbnb is just the best. And Airbnb is the best way to make your trip. One to remember, because you get to explore not only a new city, but a new space in that city. Staying like a local helps you feel immersed wherever you are, as opposed to feeling like a tourist. Grab groceries at the local market. Explore the neighborhood bars and restaurants. If you just want to go somewhere, but you don't know really where yet, let Airbnb make the decision for you. Guest favorites might inspire you and perhaps even create a new tradition. And if you have goals for the new year, but you're worried about how to maintain them when you're traveling, Airbnb makes it easy. With plenty of privacy and kitchen space, you can still make health and wellness a priority while you're away from your home. Daddy Gang. We know traveling can be sometimes like overwhelming. You're like, oh my gosh, there's gonna be so much going. Let Airbnb make you feel cozy wherever you go. As you book your 2025 travel, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation can really make or break the trip. Whatever your travel priorities are, they can be taken care of with an Airbnb. You want a big kitchen, you want a gym, maybe you wanna bring your dog. Shout out Henry and Bruce. Airbnb is my favorite way to travel. Hands down, there are so many reasons. I love Airbnb. Stay tuned to hear more about my upcoming trips.


This year, Haagen Dazs is made to be savored and enjoyed slowly introducing new Haagen Dazs Belgian waffle cones. A completely new experience that's worth slowing down for Available in four delicious flavors, including my favorite toasted Almond Fudge. It's a crispy Belgian waffle cone full of luxurious vanilla ice cream Topped with toasted almonds and milk chocolate curls. And finished with fudge sauce at the bottom. Daddy Gang, I love, love, love a good vanilla chocolate almond combo. So get yourself some ice cream. New Haagen Dazs, Belgian waffle cones available at retailers nationwide.


Let's talk about anxiety. I know that you have lightly talked about it in times and I just wanna talk to you about like how anxiety affects your life. What has it done in terms of playing a part in your personal life, in your career? Like, just talk to me about what you're comfortable with. Yeah, so I think we kind of touched on it a bit earlier, like when we were talking about, you know, like the, the, the, the nature of our job. You know, like the, what we were doing in the band and the, the situation being on stage in front of thousands of people. I think it's a really normal place to experience anxiety. You know, like you're gonna go and perform in front of, you know, a lot of different people.


You don't know who they are and it's not a natural thing to do, you know, in, in terms of everyday life. You don't just talk to thousands of people, you know. So it was something that I had to, you know, learn to adjust. Anxiety for me, I've learned is, is a feeling that now has a word. You know? And I feel like for generations, human beings have felt it and not really even being able to put, you know, their finger on what it is, but we overcome it, you know? And certain things in in life can change your perspective on the things. And I think for me, like since I've had my daughter and since she was born, like the main thing in, in my mind is like trying to be a good example to her.


Like in terms of, you know, I can do things and I can achieve things and I can overcome things and you can do this too. And to let things like, you know, a feeling stop you from doing that after having a child feels like a really small thing. Like, I feel like I've like had to step up, you know, as, as, as a man. No. Just, you know, as a person and be this example to her that doesn't succumb to these feelings. That's why I'm even doing this interview. You know, like I, I used to get a lot of anxiety around like having a conversation like this, just in this kind of environment. And I want her to be able to look at me and be like, yo, my dad's doing this.


You know, he's, he's the man. He's cool. Yeah, he's, he is cool. He's a cool guy. Yeah. So that's helped me a lot for sure. That is so fucking cool to, obviously my mom's a psychologist, so I grew up and I think mental health was not a conversation for most families. And hopefully it will be. But like I've watched, so my mom talk to so many people and talk them through how to get over a panic attack, how to get over anxiety, how to not get over it, but like manage it, live with it, be okay to go about your everyday life. I think sometimes if you don't have anxiety, people look at people with anxiety, like just get the fuck over it. And I think it shows up in everyone's lives in such different ways.


And you say, And I don't think that's the way you can look at it, you know? Yeah. I think everybody's situation is, is individual. Yes. I think it takes an individual experience than to happen for somebody to overcome that too, you know? Yeah, totally. If you think about the first time you can recall in your life experiencing anxiety, did you experience anxiety prior to fame? For sure. Yeah. Like take me to like a moment in your life where you remember being like, wow, I didn't know that was anxiety, but now I do. But I enjoyed it. That was the thing. Yeah. Like I enjoyed being in that feeling and they got to a certain point I think where it just became too much. Like I just was, was weighing on me that feeling of like anticipation and then getting the adrenaline and then the, the after feeling of that, you know, as a young kid, I loved it.


Like, I loved being on stage and I loved performing. It was like a free space for me to go and be a character. 'cause it was, you know, I was playing a, a role in some little school performance. It was nothing serious. When it became a thing that had a lot of weight behind it in terms of, you know, people watching and stuff, then you're gonna have, yeah. You're gonna have natural feelings of anxiety. Yeah. People staring at you, judging you, writing about you, following you, taking pictures of you. That's a lot. Can you share with us, like in the heyday of paparazzi and insanity? Like what would be something that would really trigger your anxiety in those days?


Just the idea of like, like not being able to just do normal things. Like to just go outside and like walk out onto the street, you know, like, 'cause where we lived it was kind of a bit crazy. Yeah. And there was just people always there like waiting to take a photo and stuff. And obviously thinking about having a child and like raising her in that environment. It was just very claustrophobic for me. Yeah. I didn't want her to have to be like, exposed to that. Yeah. 'cause she didn't choose it, you know, like it was a choice that I made. So I was like, we need to get out of here so that she can have some chance of like a, a normal childhood, you know, where there's not cameras flashing in her face constantly. Let's talk about you being a father, because it's really cool to see you talk about anxiety, which again, I have so much respect for even you being able to talk about it because I know it's like you're not that public about your life and that's something that you live with every day.


And to say like having a child has helped you overcome something that is like in your day to day, that's like pretty debilitating in moments. Yeah. But you being famous and having a child like deciding to move here, I can imagine you're trying to shield her from this life that you also are still trying to figure out. Like, is it a lot? I feel like there's, there's a, there's a healthy way to do it, you know, I'm not necessarily trying to shield her from it. 'cause she's, she's gonna know, you know, if she's gonna get to a certain point, she's gonna have a certain level of awareness.


She doesn't know what's going on. I'm just trying to give her an option, you know. So it's like a choice for her. Like if she, she wants to be away from it, she can be out here like, 'cause I am a famous person and I get sanctuary, you know what I'm saying? So I feel like she is gonna have a lot of options and whatever she wants to do in her life, obviously I'll support her. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So good. Okay. How has becoming a dad shifted your priorities in life? The, the crazy thing is obviously I have a 50% of the time, so that time I have with her is so important because I feel like she's grown up so fast.


Like, so when I'm with her, I don't work like at all. I just spend a full day with her doing the things that she wants to do. Like painting, Play-Doh, this, that go to the park, go to the theme park, go to the zoo. Like, we just have fun. Like, and I feel like I've like re been rekindled my own childhood, like through her, you know what I'm saying? Like I feel like we get to a certain point in, in adult life where everything's kind of vague and gray and boring. Yeah. And she's brought that color back for me for sure. Yeah. Same. What is a dad quality that you've proudly taken on that makes you laugh a little when you think about it of like, oh my gosh, I can't believe I'm doing this.


I Keep being told, I'm telling dad jokes and I'm leaning into it. I'm just like, it's okay. It's cool. Like, I'm using like Christmas cracker jokes and stuff and it's really funny, like people just look at me like I'm a weirder and I'm like, yeah, I'm a dad now. I'm allowed to tell these jokes. You have to gimme a pass. Wow. Zane. I didn't expect that. I'm not gonna lie. I love a dad joke. You're like full dad vibe. That's It. Yeah. I'm going, going full. No, I love how you're like, I'm fully leaning in. There is no stopping me. Okay. Well you haven't cracked one here, so if you want to, you can always give us your best. But you know, when it feels bad We'll say, we'll say, we'll say that for another time. Okay. Okay. What is your favorite thing to do with your daughter?


My favorite thing to do with her is she shows a lot of signs of like, musical intelligence already. So I just love like playing instruments with her and singing with her. Like I'll singing and she sings along and she can do like good harmonies and stuff already and she's only two and a half like, and she harmonizes with me well and like finishes notes and she can hold them for a long time. I'm like, I think you might have a bit of ability. You, I'm picturing the two of you playing with Play-Doh and you start singing and then your daughter starts singing and she Can hit these high notes like false settle, like, yeah, it's crazy. I'm like, yo, re Like, whoa, you're good.


Gonna Be on my next album. I couldn't do this. I didn't speak till I was three. How fuck do you sing? Whoa. It's smart. Wow. Must and remembers like full lyrics to songs as well. Like every word. It's mad. Wow. We got a superstar in our hands. See? Okay. Okay. It's interesting to hear you say like you're singing to her, which like, ugh, would've loved if my dad could have sang. He can't. What are you singing to her and like, what are her favorite songs that you sing? She loves Disney movies, so we sing a lot of Disney songs together and sing like, you've got a friend in Me and stuff. Yeah, she sings really cute, Honestly. That's really cute. Thinking about you guys singing that, what qualities of yourself, aside from like having that musical aspect more like personalities, like what qualities do you see from yourself and your daughter?


I think she's, she's, she's funny. Like she's, she's a bit of a cheeky one. Yeah. She likes to have a bit of a joke and stuff and like laugh a lot. She's, she's chilled though, but she loves reading as well, which is something I think she definitely took from me. Like she just has a affinity for words. Like she remembers everything. Has becoming a parent changed your relationship with your parents? Definitely, yeah. In, in a, in a like respect way, you know? Yeah. Like you, you just have so much respect for the things that they've put aside for you, you know, like when you realize all the sacrifices that you make as a parent.


Like just to be there and be present with your child. Like you can't have nothing but respect for that. For sure. Yeah. I know you said like obviously you have for 50% of the time you wanna make The most of these moments. Like what's something that you guys have done together recently that made you so happy and you had like such a great time? We went to Nickelodeon in, in New Jersey, which was Oh my God, so fun. Which was just really good. I enjoyed, yeah, it's like super childish, but like I, I had a lot of fun. Yeah, I think I had more fun than that. It was good. That is so good. How is co-parenting going? Co-parenting is, is good. Yeah. We have a really good relationship for Kai. She's the, the, you know, the main importance.


Yeah. So yeah, it's going well. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think Zins like From me, I think from me, yeah. Okay. So I want to ask you if I can ask one question just about like as delicately as I can go about it, I feel like I wouldn't be doing my, my job if I didn't ask about the 2021 incident. Okay. I know you can't really speak on it. I think obviously as a man you, like there was a lot out there said about you and you basically took the high road and didn't say anything and you kind put out that like blanket statement of just like, I wanna respect my daughter and not say anything.


Exactly. Yeah. And I can imagine how difficult it is kind of like almost a culmination of everything we're talking about today of like how do you balance when something is out there about you, about your character that people are reading and speculating and saying things about you and how do you decide when you when to speak up and when to like be silent and like chill on it and not really go there? Yeah, so for me, like we were talking about earlier, I don't tend to get involved when people say things online, whether it's got something to do with me or whether it doesn't, because for me, my most valuable thing that I have in life is time.


And that takes so much time in, in, in a toxic environment to like explain yourself to people and justify this. And so I just kind of keep to myself, I knew what the situation was, I knew what happened and the people involved knew what happened too. And that's all I really cared about. If anybody you know of, of a same mind would look at the situation, I believed that you could respect that. Like I just didn't wanna bring attention to anything, you know, I just wasn't trying to get into a negative back and forth with her, any sort of narrative online where my daughter was gonna look back and read that and be able to read into it and it would just be something that was, there was no point.


I, I believe I dealt with it in, in the best word, like in an amicable, respectful word and that's all that needs to be said, you know? Yeah. Just I feel like it's a lot of negativity, you know? I can Only imagine like, first of all, no fucking family is perfect and so to be on the stage that you guys are on, I, And like you said, your family issues, you know, like if, if something happens in the family, like I'd rather keep that between the family, you know? Yeah, totally. You don't need a whole audience of people and opinions 'cause Yeah. It's hard enough to manage between two. I more so just also wanted to give you the chance because I think you obviously handled it so amicably. I also think in doing my job, like this is a podcast where I am trying to support women.


Right. And like reading headlines, like I wanted to hear from you obviously because hearing you even today, I don't know if like, I'm just gonna say what it is. Like you have said you have 50% custody and so anything that has, we've all read online like well if that was true then that would've affected that. Exactly. Yeah. So I think it's important to just say like, me doing my job, I just wanted to clarify like, it's not like unless you can correct me, like you don't have to have people with you while you're with your daughter and like visitation rights. No, nothing. No. Yeah. You have custody of your child. Yeah. Yeah. So I think it's just important to say 'cause people are reading this shit being like, oh, You what I mean? No, for sure. Yeah. I'm super full on. Yeah. Yeah. Like hands on with my child every chance I can be, if I could get 60% I would have it.


Yeah. Okay. Let's talk about your music. You're coming back, we're getting a song. Tell me what inspired the song. What can we expect? Give It to us. Yeah, so I'm working, well I've been working on my record for a minute and I have a single for the summer coming out called Love Like This. That's like a standalone song, just a summer jam. It's a good vibe. Like, yeah, it just feels like summer. That's what I think we need. We do need a good summer cheer. Like We just need a bop Like, someone asked me recently like, oh, like what's the song of summer? And I actually said, you know what, like I'm interviewing someone and I know they have a single coming out and I have a feeling that could be the song of summer.


Are you nervous to go on stage? Like alone? I waltz. Yeah. Like when I first started like performing by myself, I was, I was nervous and I'm still nervous now 'cause it's been a few years that I've been on stage, but I have this like energy too. Like I, I feel like I have something to give and I want to get on stage and, and be there again and feel that that's one thing I can say, you know, like my, my fan base has always been supportive in that manner. They're always just like, we're here, we've got you. Like, when you're ready we've got you. You know, like, come Yeah, yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna come and listen to you tune. So yeah. Nah, I gotta be super, super thankful for that.


And I'm super grateful and I feel that love for sure. So I'm ready to to prove these people. Right. You know? Can we expect any music inspired by your daughter on your records? Yeah, definitely. Yeah. I'm, I'm doing a, I I'm doing a record. I don't think people are really gonna expect like it's a different sound. Oh for me. And it's got some like more narrative going on, like real life experiences and stuff. So yeah. My daughter's mentioned in there a couple of times. Wow. I think that's gonna be so fucking dope to actually hear from you in long form essentially. 'cause an album is in long form. Yeah. Like we're gonna get to know you more, which is exciting again because Mr.


Mysterious over there we're still trying to understand things. Okay. What is something that you want your fans to take away from this interview? I'd like my fans to feel like they got to know me a bit. 'cause you keep saying I missed a mysterious, you've been open. I do appreciate it. Yeah, no, so I'm, I'm hoping they got to know me a little bit and they, they feel like they've seen me and caught with me a bit and you know, they're gonna see me a lot more like, and I want 'em to know that like across the board, like I've kind of had a, a full like mental rehaul and in the best way thanks to my, my child and you know, being able to see things in a different light and I'm gonna be a lot more present and hopefully people are gonna see me a lot more.


I love It. Yeah. Zane, thank you so much for coming on. Call Her Daddy, this was truly a pleasure. Thank you for having me.


Hi Daddy Gang, it is your father. I am so excited that caller daddy has officially joined the SiriusXM family. I cannot wait to talk to new guests and continue to share my crazy personal stories and experiences with you every single week. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, subscribe to SiriusXM podcast on Apple Podcast. To start your free trial today, Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder Spring and Festival season is upon us Daddy Gang, It is time to get on Tinder and take a chance on matching with a new crush on Tinder, it has quite literally never been easier to find a new person with the same music interest shoot. I mean, maybe even someone who interest juices you to something new. Okay, maybe you're not even just getting a date, Who knows? Maybe you're getting a whole new set of plans instead of things to do. Okay. But you better throw a couple likes their way or you'll never know. Explore all possibilities for yourself on Tinder. It starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today. Call Her Daddy is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone who handles your personal information is as careful as you are, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors millions of data points a second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/daddy terms apply. Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? You can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can't get chicken Parmesan delivered. Sunshine. No. Some wine, yes. Get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets. See app for details.