
It's Croc Tober, the official celebration of Crocs fans like you. So whether you like to rock your classic clogs, get cozy and fuss lined, personalize with your favorite gits charms, or even, you know, dress up like a clog for Halloween, it's time to tell your story and share your style. Join the Croc Tober celebration with Crocs fans around the world. Go to crocs.com to discover the range of shoes and find a pair that's iconic like you, Crocs, celebrating you all month long.


Hey, it's me, the quenches. I'm that late afternoon craving. You just can't shake. Wait, what's that? Welch Is grape aid no made with real fruit and no added sugar? Nothing answers the call of the quenches like grape aid. Got the quenches. Grab a grape aid in your juice aisle.


Annie Jacobsen, welcome to the show. It's delightful to be here. Thank you for having me. I have been looking forward to this for so long. We had to postpone it 'cause you went and spoke at the EU Parliament. I spoke in Brussels to members of the EU Party Parliament in the audience. Yes. Well, yes. I think it was well worth the wait and I'm actually, I think it worked out better, you know, that we rescheduled for later because now we have more to talk about. We do. We have no shortage of things to talk about. Yeah, we could, we could probably go on for days here, but, but everybody starts off with an introduction, so lemme know if I'm missing anything, but Annie Jacobsen, American investigative journalist, Pulitz Surprise finalist, and New York Times bestselling author.


You're an author of seven books and best known for your books so far. Area 51, an Uncensored History of America's Top Secret Military Base. You just released your seventh book called Nuclear War A. Scenario write and produces television programs, including Tom Clancy's, Jack Ryan. Your books have been named Best of the Year and most anticipated by outlets including the Washington Post, USA today, Boston Globe, vanity Fair, apple and Amazon. Your Princeton graduate and captain of the woman's Varsity Ice Hockey Team, as we spoke about earlier. And you're a wife and the mother of two sons?


Yes. Am I missing anything? That's, that's about it. Well, We got a lot to dive into. I wanna focus mostly on your new book, Nuclear War, but we have, we gotta knock a couple things out before we get in the weeds. So I have a Patreon account. There are top supporters that have been with us since the beginning. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for them, and neither would you. And so one of the perks that I offer them is they get to ask a question to each guest. And so today's question is, with today's attitude towards fake news, do you think we will ever gain public knowledge of the topics covered by your books?


What a great opener question. I think of the idea of fake news as air quotes entwined with the idea of strategic deception. And that is something I have written about in many of my books. No doubt we will cover this. But an interesting question there, because what I, the takeaway that I see is like, how much should we trust what we are being told? And that is certainly why I write books, is to sort of uncover these long held secrets and bring them into the light of day. And so to answer the question specifically, I think you wanna go to as many sources as possible.


It's why I read all sides of the aisle. I will read international papers, I will watch different programs that people might otherwise think are in opposition of one another, read things on the internet, listen to the podcast, and then come to your own opinion about things because that's, That's interesting. Well, one, how much should we trust? I would love to talk to you about that. But You know, I try to do that and I try to read both sides of the l Do you get a lot of flack for that? I used to, but I don't anymore because I think that's very much part of my reporting style.


I, no one knows how I vote. No one needs to know how I vote. I write about POTUS in all of my books, president of the United States. And so that keeps me in the middle. And it also allows me to have incredible conversations with all kinds of people. And that I think keeps me comfortable with what I'm learning because I'm learning how to make my own judgements about things. And I think America's getting savvy to that as well. Man, that's great to hear because I do that, I think people probably know which way I vote, but I don't, I don't like to make it a point of any of my discussions.


I don't, I like to hear both sides. And sometimes when I'm, especially when I'm critical to my own side. Mm, man, I really get a lot of flack. But You know, I think that's part of the problem that we're facing in the country right now is people have become, and I've talked about this several times, I think people have become, they're not tied to their own ideas, values, and beliefs anymore. They're tied to their political candidate and party. And you know, when you do that, you are only getting what that side wants you to hear, whether you like it or not, you know?


And so it's just, it's refreshing to hear somebody that, that listens or pays attention to both sides. And, And gives a, you know, a a a bipartisan take on, on whatever you're reporting on. So yeah, thank you for doing that. Well, Also what comes to mind is there's, people talk a lot about tribalism, right? Like, and there's tribe and then there's tribal. You wanna have a tribe, you wanna have people that, you know, have your back. And usually those people, the, the tribe, the true tribe, right? They actually are perfectly fine with you having opinions.


At least this is my take, my tribe is, oh, Annie with her opinion about that, or Annie with her interest in that. They're fine with it. you know, they might not like that or do that or think that, but that's the tribe tribalism is like, that's where I think it becomes a little bit dangerous and fraught because then you're supposed to adopt really a party line. You have to have an opinion about this and that, that just puts you in a really awkward position because I think naturally we're all such creatures of multiple, you know, multiple ideas and multiple ways in directions in which we wanna head.


And it doesn't have, they don't have to be mutually exclusive. Yeah, Yeah, you know, it's, it's, it's weird times we're in right? Just, well, there are weird times, but You know I am a historian also, and so all of my books cover, you know, going back national security issues to World War ii. And we've always, we, if we're talking about Americans have always been tribal, have always had weird times. So I'm not as pessimistic about how terrible the times are right now because I've read so much history about how terrible the times have always been. Yeah.


It's kind of how you wanna see it. Do you find it, do you find times today different than some of the stuff that you've studied in the past? I, I am, well, one thing about me is I'm always looking for the similarities and then understanding the differences. But I find thing, I'm a, I'm an optimist at heart, even though I write about these incredibly dark grim topics, I think that, like I'm a pragmatist, right? Like, know the facts, don't be afraid of them. But the optimism of it all comes from being able to see, certainly as I get older and I, and I write more books and I learn more things and I interview more interesting people, oh, we are more similar than different.


Both as people and also culturally through his, like, through the different decades and generations of modern America. Interesting how much you brought up. How much should we trust? How much, how do we even know what to trust anymore? Well, I look at things specifically head on. So I'm, it would be, I would be better to your listeners and my readers to deal with like specifics than big generalizations. I can certainly make big generalizations about what I think about war and weapons and US national security and secrets, because that is what I write about.


But in terms of operations, the specificity is important. It's like, wait is area 51 really that we're the Nazi scientists? Really? That is the DARPA program about bio hybrids really that, you know, I can speak to them specifically because I think that, again, I'm gonna give you the information that I know and then people can decide what they think because the takeaway is incredibly can want me to give you an example? Yes, please. Okay. So this is the best example I can think of, of point of view. When I wrote a book called Operation Paperclip, which is about the Nazi scientist who came to America for, to build our weapons programs after World War ii.


So they were former Nazis. And this book published in 20 13, 20 14, back in a time when a journalist like me could actually appear on Fox News and CNN on the same night, you almost can't do that anymore. Yeah, right. Yeah, they just don't, the royal they don't let you, but you could then, and I would go on to the, let's just call them the conservative and the liberal, right? So I'd go on to a conservative organization's media program and they would say, oh my god, Annie Jacobsen, thank you so much for writing Operation Paperclip. I mean, you showed us that these guys were these terrible Nazis, they were odious, et cetera, et cetera.


But man, did we need them to come to the United States or otherwise we'd all be speaking Russian now. So thank you for writing this book. Okay. Then I would go over to the really liberal stations, maybe even the Holocaust Museum type scenarios. And they would say to me, oh my God, Annie Jacobsen, thank you so much for writing this book, operation Paperclip. You showed us in no uncertain terms, these horrible, evil criminal minds should have been hung at Nuremberg. They never should have come here. You make that so clear. Thank you so much for writing this book. Interesting. You take away, they read the same book there.


They took away the a point of view based on the same set of facts. And so When I can understand that about people. And there's no, I suppose one group isn't right and one group isn't wrong. And when you can look at it like that, and maybe this also comes into play of you being, we talked about this earlier, like when you're a new parent versus my kids are college aged, right? The wisdom that comes with parenting, I believe If, you wanna be an optimist, is that you learn how to help your children understand that different points of view are fine.


Same sets of facts. That's great advice. That's great advice. Parent to parent. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. But we want to talk about, actually I forgot something. I almost sometimes I forget. Not very often, but everybody's, everybody starts off with a gift. Okay, There you go. Performing performance enhancing gummy Bears. Gummy bears, right? Are these legal? They're not performance. These are legal in all 50 states. Amazing. They're definitely legal in California. So, so you're, you're cleared hot to bring 'em back. It's just can't be amazing.


The TSA will not You know. Pull me over. They might try to steal 'em, but They'd be like, wow, that's Shawn Ryan. That's Right, that's right. Great. Fantastic. You're welcome. Amazing. Keep going or No, this is, oh no, that's Good. Oh no, this, this is very important. Some stickers. Yeah. Put it on my car. There you go. With my mammoth mountain sticker. Nice. And the Shawn Ryan Show. There you go. There you go. I had a MV song sticker on my car for a while. And Did you really? I did, and it, I got some honks. Yeah, That's a, I've never even seen a MVA Mac. I'm Gonna send you one. Thank you so much. Yeah, Sticker. And here's what, here's something for you.


Oh man, That's a, that's a Billy Waco. And we'll get, I'm sure we'll get into Surprise Kill Vanish after Nuclear War, but they kind of entwine all my books Entwine. But Billy W's perhaps the most legendary CIA operator singleton in the agency's history, man began his operations when Eisenhower was president. That's incredible. Thank you. Just Died. Yeah, He just died. When did he die? He died April a year ago. Oh man. Yeah. So yeah. So a year. Exactly. Almost Yeah. Wow. Well thank you very much. Mm.


I can't wait to speak about him in a little bit, but Nuclear War. Mm. So your new book is about a Nuclear War scenario. And you know, you talk to all these, I mean, you get access to people that nobody really gets access to. I read that Leon Panetta, how are you getting access to former sec, former director of CIA and all the rest of his resume, which I'm not, I could, I could go on here, but people don't get access to figures like that. How are you gaining access to former directors?


What's the saying? The harder I work, the luckier I get, there's that part of it. This is not my first rodeo. So seven books. I do find that When I reach out to people to ask them if I can interview them. And I, you know, say my creds, sometimes they say, oh, I'm familiar with your work, I've read, and they name a book. Okay. So that helps. But I think in principle, the greatest contribution that I can put on the table, and it's perhaps why some of these really, you know, significant people and When I say that like they have a lot of information to share that is powerful.


And that the public benefits from knowing like Panetta, it's that objectivity card that I have, which I believe is so important. I'm trained as an old school journalist. You are here to report the news down the middle of the aisle. You should not have an opinion. Okay. When you write long form books, maybe at the end you kind of give your opinion a little bit or you might suggest it so that there's something to think about for the reader. But for the most part tell the, you know, relay the facts. I mean, the origins of journalism come from this idea that anyone, a high school student should be able to understand what you're writing about. And I, that's how I write, you know, I write for the regular old people.


I know I'm read by the generals and admirals of the Pentagon 'cause they tell me so. But I just write for regular people. Nice, nice. You had an interesting fact here. I wanna just kick it off with this. A full scale nuclear exchange between the US and Russia will likely kill some 5 billion people. Can you? Yeah. How did you come up with 5 billion and what does that scenario look like? And And, keep in mind, Nuclear War scenario is a non-fiction book. It presents a hypothetical situation in the future that is based on fact.


So the 5 billion figure, for example, is not my fact. That is a fact from Pro Professor Brian Tune and a group of scientists that he led reporting on this subject for decades in their newest paper for Nature Magazine, nature Food, actually based on climate modeling systems of what would happen after nuclear winter. And so the book takes you from nuclear launch to nuclear winter. Okay? 5 billion people are dead after nuclear winter. But a key haunting line that was said to me that really allowed me to see the book clearly. 'cause when you're, you know, writing books as a process, you're reporting, you're interviewing people, you're figuring out how your chapters are going to lay out.


When I did an interview with the former Stratcom commander, general Keeler, and we were discussing what a nuclear exchange between Russia and America would look like. And he said to me, the world could end in the next couple of hours. What is stratcon? Okay, great question. And how great that we don't need to know everything. That's how right. Strategic command is the most important combatant command, you know, combatant commands, they're what 11 now, right? It's the most important combatant command that almost nobody has ever heard of outside of strategic command, outside of the military structure.


It is the commander of strategic command is in charge of the nukes. He's in charge of them. He's the steward of them. There's 150,000 employees beneath him in his chain of command. The president, when the president needs to launch nuclear weapons, he communicates with the Stratcom commander. That's how important the Stratcom commander is. Okay. And you got access to him? I did. And you guys had a discussion about this? We did. How did that start? You know, dear General Keeler, I mean, the actual discussion. Yeah. Oh, the actual discussion with his origins.


Like very much, it's what I relate to about your podcast, like his origins, like how did you wind up the commander of Stratcom? Right? And like he wanted to be a musician, you know? So it's like, there's this idea that you wind up Stratcom commander and then you begin with people's origin stories and how And And how they are as a person. And you know, I recall him telling me about how he was tending his garden before our interview. Now, this is not all in the book because unlike a podcast, I interview people for a certain amount of time and then I kind of condense down what is I'm going to say about them because I'm driving the narrative for the reader.


But the discussions, I think begin with human questions. And then you can get to what's important and what you're after. And And. And also, like you, I'm, I'm very transparent about what I'm after, right? So I, I do not like the idea of gotcha journalism. I think it is incredibly unhelpful. I think it's at the verge of dangerous. Whenever I read a piece in the, in any of the legacy media that like sort of is a hit piece against someone, I cringe, I think of that person. You know, opening up themselves to a reporter and then being You know, presented in a way that perhaps they certainly didn't intend.


Yeah, I think that is, I cringe and I, and I actually feel for the journalist who stuck doing that, you know, because I think that it just takes you down a real, a real path of mistrust and sub suspicion. Anyways, I'm digressing. I tell my sources right up front When I'm doing, I told every single one of them, I am writing this book called Nuclear War A Scenario, you know, and I also asked them, is this fear mongering? Because that was the, the question in my own mind that led a lot of the reporting. Sean, what happens in this book is like everybody dies and they die in the most horrific ways. I described to you in appalling detail what happens to humans, you know, in a nuclear flash.


I wanted people to know how horrific this concept is. And I told my sources that and they were forthcoming with me, which says so much about nuclear weapons. Interesting. What, how did, I mean where did the interest in this come from? Are you worried about a Nuclear? War? I am now, I mean all of my books touch upon nuclear weapons because they all cover American history since World War II and in every one of my books. So imagine a hundred plus sources for each book.


How many of those people told me with deep pride, Annie, I did what I did to prevent nuclear World War ii, right? So a lot of our really dark, dirty opera, even the CIA's most dastardly sort of dark hearted operations, you could say in the fifties and sixties, people I interviewed who worked on those or the very non-kinetic operations, like in area 51, which deals with reconnaissance missions, you know, spying on the Soviet Union to try and find out what's really going on there. Instead of speculating all of these people, a majority of them said to me, I did what I did to prevent nuclear World War iii.


And so in the previous administration, former President Trump with the rhetoric about, you know, fire and fury against the North Korean leader, I found that like shocking and rather unprecedented, right? Because there had been a precedent not to threaten people with nuclear weapons. It's dangerous. It really is. That's not an opinion, that's a fact. I like many people, began to wonder, what if deterrence failed? Deterrence? Just another synonym for prevention. What if it fails? Because all of Nuclear War fighting deterrence is predicated on this psychological phenomena, you who are so interested in the mind, right?


It is a psychological phenomena. Deterrence will hold, deterrence will hold, deterrence will hold. And then you have a quote from a deputy director at Stratcom saying, if deterrence fails, it all unravels.


When I first started podcasting. Opening an online store is something I knew I needed to do, but I had zero clue on where to start. Tried all these different platforms and then I found Shopify. Shopify made the entire setup process fast and easy, prompting me to do everything like set up products, create blogs, and connect my social media. Because of Shopify, my online business runs more smoothly than ever. It's simple to manage and powerful enough for everything I need. I've tried just about every platform you can think of and Shopify is my go-to every time. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout we use with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash sean. That's all lowercase. Again, go to Shopify dot com slash sean to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash sean.


Folks, there's a great deal right now to help motivate you to take action and improve your sleep. My friends over at Helix are offering all of my listeners 20% off their entire mattress line. You see that I've been on the road traveling a lot this year and I always look forward to coming home to my own bed and getting a great night's sleep. Hotels can be great, but I always cannot wait to get back to my Helix mattress. My wife and I spent time searching for the right fit for our lifestyle and Helix mattresses made it super easy. In just a few minutes, the Helix team learns about your sleep patterns and recommends the right mattress for you so you get the perfect match from the position you sleep in to your body type or your unique needs. Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. Visit Helix sleep.com/ss to start your match today. And as I said, they're offering 20% off to my listeners. That's Helix sleep.com/ss.


That unraveling is this book. Well it must be a very realistic scenario if you're speaking, how do I say this to, you're speaking in Brussels and there happen to be members of the EU parliament listening. So let's go over the scenario. Okay? What do you think would trigger this? A Nuclear War could be triggered by any nuclear launch at the United States period. Right? So there are now nine nuclear armed nations. In my scenario, I chose a rogue launch from a ballistic missile, an intercontinental ballistic missile, just like it sounds.


It can travel from one continent to the other. That's an ICBM in 30 minutes launch to target 30 minutes, That's the farthest target. 30 minutes, 33 minutes is actually from Pyong Yang. 26 minutes and 40 seconds from Moscow to, to the East coast. Wow. This is specificity. It doesn't change all the new weapons systems. That doesn't change. That is what it was when they were invented. This is just basic physics. It goes You know up And over the earth and down. Okay? And so then once you know that, wait, that's all it takes.


This is not a nine 11 scenario where, you know, someone whispers in the president's ears, sir, the planes have hit the buildings. It's not that if you're me reporting this, suddenly you learn that the United States has not only spent trillions of dollars creating this vast arsenal of nuclear weapons, but defense systems to un You know to survey other nations. So. we have a system of satellites in space, in geos sink, one 10th of the weight of the moon, a satellite the size of a school bus parked over North Korea. Watching, watching, watching, watching. So when launch happens, we see it in under one second.


That's why my scenario goes by seconds and minutes. It's 72 minutes, this book. Wow. Three acts, 72 minutes. 24 minutes. 24 minutes. 24 minutes. Then you got the setup at the beginning and nuclear winter at the end. Interesting. Real quick, before, so here's what I'd like to do is dive into the scenario and then talk about some of the defenses that we have. Talk about what maybe you weren't, maybe your sources weren't able to tell you. Mm. you know, I'd like to go maybe a little more into the scenario, but real quick, who are the nine Nations?


US, Russia, China, uk, France, Pakistan, India, Israel, North Korea. Iran's not on there yet. Iran is not on there yet. Right on. Good for us. But who would you, out of those nations, who would you be the most concerned about? Gimme your top three. North Korea, North Korea. North Korea. And that's how I begin the scenario. It's a launch from North Korea. One of the most interesting people I interviewed for this book. Okay, thi this on the cover here is a thermonuclear bomb called Ivy Mike.


This is the first thermonuclear bomb ever exploded in 1952 in the Marshall Islands. It was a test. Okay? Hiroshima was 15 kilotons. This is 10.4 megatons. Wow. Okay. Think about that scale. This weapon takes a nuclear, an atomic bomb acts as its triggering mechanism inside the bomb. Okay? I interviewed the man who drew the plans for this bomb. No kidding. 93 Now Richard Gowin talk about classified.


His information was so classified it was on, no one knew he even drew the plans to the bomb. He was 24 years old when he drew them. Are you serious? Does he regret drawing them? I asked him that question. I said, do you wish that you hadn't drawn the plans for the thermonuclear bomb? And he said to me after a long pause, I wish they couldn't have been drawn. Wow. I mean, we could do a whole podcast on what that might mean. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Does it mean Russia would've drawn them anyways? Does it mean Right.


But interviewing Garin, who advised every president since then on nuclear weapons, you asked about why North Korea is like the most dangerous Darwin so sharp in, you know, in his, we did all these zooms during covid and he presented When I asked him what's the, what's the biggest threat? He said a madman sort of mad king logic is what he called it. A madman with a nuclear arsenal. And he said this French term, which is called a deluge after me the flood.


Okay. Right. Which is like If. you have a mad king leader who doesn't care what happens, you know, let the, let it all flood. That's what Darwin told me he was most afraid of. And so that made me interpret that he was speaking about North Korea. Wow. Because North Korea does not play by the rules. I mean, it's very tricky. We could, you know, rules of nuclear warfare, rules of nuclear testing. We all armed nuclear armed nations inform their adversaries of their nuclear tests.


Like informally, formally through, you know, different ways. But not North Korea. They, they just launch. And when you learn what I have learned, and you can learn in from reading this book, what happens inside nuclear command and control inside those nuclear bunkers at the Pentagon beneath Stratcom in Cheyenne Mountain, the first 150 seconds after a ballistic missile launches, when the satellite in space sees the launch, it sees the hot rocket exhaust from its incredible sensor. One 10th of the way to the moon sees it for the next 150 seconds. US nuclear command and control.


All those assigned to the job are trying to figure out where that ballistic missile is going. It's like, I'm glad you brought that up 'cause that's what I was gonna ask. Are the satellites advanced enough to know to, to pick up on the trajectory and where it's headed and how fast? So in seconds, the data goes to the satellite and then it's relayed to command centers in the United States. There's a facility called the Aerospace Data facility in Colorado that was only declassified its existence was only declassified in 2008.


Okay. And that facility then, and others, NSA, you know, there's a numerous intelligence agencies, military intelligence agencies that are then in processing that data. This is happening in seconds, And in interpreting the trajectory of the missile launch. So I show a map in the book that Darwin from the, and Professor Emeritus at MIT, Ted Postal Drew. And then let me, you know, render and put in the book that shows, so you can see a missile launching, it's a map and then it shows the missile and it shows their centric rings. It's like at 10 seconds. This is where it might be going at 20.


So Guam is in one direction, Moscow is in that direction. And then you realize if it's going in that direction, San Francisco, east Coast, Hawaii. Okay? So as the seconds take away the data is determining where that is headed. So this is almost like a, it's like one of hurricanes inbound except a lot. It just narrows in, narrows in, narrows in, narrows in And, And by 150 seconds. Stratcom or You know the Peterson Air Force base, the space force, the aerospace data center. They know this ballistic missile is headed toward the United States 157.


Normally what North Korea does is send the satellite, it's, they're sending it up to space to drop a satellite. So that's one different trajectory. Or they launch into the Sea of Japan. So in within seconds, the, the facilities know it's going into the Sea of Japan. Everybody can relax now. But in my scenario, at 150 second, boom, oh my God, it's coming to the East coast of the United States. And that is when everything kicks off. Because the next step is to inform the president. Now there must be a secondary confirmation of that nuclear missile on its way to the United States before the president launches a counter attack.


That secondary confirmation takes eight and nine minutes. These are like nerd things that I figured out in the book and present them to you hopefully in this incredibly dramatic manner that you realize, oh my God, once a ballistic missile launch happens, Nuclear War begins because a ballistic missile cannot be redirected or recalled. It's none of them. Not even our own. None. None. And once President Reagan, okay, I mean the lack of information the president has about Nuclear War is astonishing.


Really. President Ra, and by the way, they have presidential sole authority. So only the president can launch Nuclear War only the president. He doesn't ask permission of anyone. Not his sec def, not his chairman of the joint Chiefs of staff. Not the Congress. Certainly not the Congress. This is all happening in six minutes. President's in charge and president's, most presidents, Leon Panetta confirmed this with me. He was the White House chief of staff under Clinton. Right? And he said that many presidents just don't want to know because that id, again, the paradox of Nuclear War deterrents will hold. Don't want to know what They don't wanna know about Nuclear.


War. That's frightening. So Reagan mistakenly said during a press conference, and I think it was 1983, that our submarine launched ballistic missiles can be recalled. They can't, he's the commander in chief. He didn't know. Do you think it's possible that technology, we have technology to recall him, but they're Not declassifying. It's basic physics. It's impossible. Right? And, but I love the astonishment with which people express themselves when they learn these details because it is astonishing.


And I had that same experience even knowing what I know. I know so many other things about nuclear weapons from different points of view. Having, having written a number of books that deal with people who dealt with nuclear weapons. But I never knew the command and control ticking clock scenario hypothetically in the future until reporting this book. And I was, I was shocked at everything I learned, shocked at everything I learned. And it's such ba from, wait a minute, they really can't be redirected or recalled. Nope. Wow. I did not know that. I did not know that. So so you're saying within six minutes of something being launched towards us, we're going to, We have, Right.


We make a decision whether we're responding and sending one at them or not. Yes. So think about it this way. When the nuclear, if it just takes approximately 30 minutes, the concept that has been put into play over decades of strategy of how to fight a Nuclear War is that the president must make a counter attack decision before those nukes land. So this is all gonna happen without the public ever having any idea. Okay? The reason is because no one ever thought of having a Nuclear War where there's like one nuclear missile.


The rogue launch off of garland's worry is how my scenario starts. And then you see all these things go wrong. The war fighting concepts of Nuclear War were built with, like Russia's gonna send a thousand missiles. The mother load, it's often called. And so a strategy kicks in called use them or lose them. Very simple to understand, right? If we don't use them, we're gonna lose them to the Russian incoming missiles. And so that's why the president is positioned to make a counterstrike within a window of time before the missiles hit.


So basically, so if they have six minutes, why is the number six minutes? So, okay, 30 minutes is the, is the nuclear launch gets detected in, let's say 150 seconds. So, we got two and a half minutes gone. All radical, right? Gone. Everybody's now getting ready to prepare the president at the same time, the long range ground radar systems that are gonna give that secondary confirmation which exist in multiple places around the world. I write about them quickly in the book. In this scenario, if the missiles coming from North Korea, it's gonna be the ground station in Alaska. They have this massive radar of a picture of it in the book. It's like five stories tall. It's just sitting there waiting to see over the horizon.


That will happen at eight or nine minutes. In the meantime, they have to get ready to brief the president. People I have interviewed had to brief the president when we had false alarms. Okay? So it's like really this intense, you know, suddenly everything is mo the decision tree unfolds in this radical way. And while the individual leaders, the Stratcom commander, the sec def, the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff are getting ready to brief the president, they're waiting on the secondary confirmation. But once the president is told, so there is a, it's called the red, the red clock is running. And that clock in the strategic command headquarters has si, you know, is ticking down until the missile's gonna strike the, in this case Washington, DC.


Now they have to get the blue clock running. The blue clock is the counter attack. Okay? So you send General Heen, the former, another former Stratcom commander during the Fire and Fury rhetoric of Trump did an interview with Barbara Starr from CNN. And she asked him directly about this, like, what do we do if they launch at us? And Heen said, if they launch one missile, we launch one. If they launch two, we launch two. But If, you dig a little bit deeper as I did, and it's all sourced in the book. When you're reading you If you ever wonder how does, how does she know this? You can go to the back and you can see the notes of the documents where it comes from.


So the deep digger, the deeper digging revealed that if North Korea launches one missile at us, we're gonna launch 82 in response. 82. 82. I mean, it seems a little excessive, you know, it's called You escalate to deescalate When you look at the size of Korea. But I mean, would it take, how many, how many missiles would it take to just completely obliterate Korea? 82. It would take 80. It would actually take 82 messes. No, no, you're absolutely right. But there is a sense of overkill.


Literally and figuratively and You know this from your operating days that like You know it's called, it's like go big or go home. I mean the idea, it's, there's a concept with the president that was explained to me by one of the President Obama's national security advisors named John Wolfsthal, who sat in the room with the president when this was being negotiated. Okay, so, so there's a policy in the United States called Launch on warning. And this exists, okay? Which this is the, this is the idea. This is the president has the authority that if the missiles are coming, he launches, we launch on warning. We do not wait until we are hit.


And wolf stall explained to me that what that has to do with what's, is what's called a damage li damage limitation responsibility, okay? Everything has like a a, a term that is difficult to come out of the mouth. It's why they have acronyms for them. But this is pointing to your eight, why do we have to launch 82 questions? So the president now has a responsibility to limit further damage. That's what his military is telling him. So a strike with a one megaton thermonuclear weapon against Washington DC that I describe, it kills 2 million people, Sean, that, that, that, nevermind that the things are about to really take off, it destroys the beating heart of American governance.


That is like, the response is 82 nuclear weapons. The damage limitation responsibility. Because all the military stratcom is thinking at that point is you're gonna let another nuke come in. And so the 82 we learn from the, those the scientists and the analysts who have spent a lot of time looking at this, is how to limit the damage 82 nuclear weapons could possibly take out, not just like turn the entire country into a furnace, but obliterate their nuclear command and control their ability to launch more nuclear weapons.


That's why that is set up that way, man. I would think 82 nuclear missiles would, I mean I would think the flash alone would be enough to wipe out the entire country. It would kill in one tens of millions of people. Not a question. But that And And, the book was read after it was written, before it went into production and publication by many of my sources and by people who actually were not my sources, but who ran these scenarios for NORAD generals. I'm talking about people who were not in the book. So they didn't have a horse in the race that they could say to me, you're wrong about this.


This is too, and there were some tweaks that I did, but that was not one of them. No one said, that's too many. We wouldn't do that. How many, how many, do you have any idea how many nuclear weapons we have? How many? So on ready for launch status, meaning they're forward deployed, meaning they can be launched in seconds or minutes from the president's order seconds or minutes. We have 1,770.


The numbers change a little bit every year. Russia has 1,674 that says nothing about the thousands more in storage that we have ready to, you know, that would, could be pulled out. So, we have approximately 5,000 each. Why do we need that many nuclear weapons? You must be asking yourself We need that many because they have that many and they need that many because we have that many. And guess how, guess how, guess what the number was at the all time high, which was in 1986. 10,000.


70,000. 70,000. Wow. And so the setup of the book, it's like 50 pages or something. It's like how we got here. I explain how America sort of had this insane buildup of nuclear weapons during the 1950s. There was one point in 1957 this bomb went off in 1952 and the military industrial complex just went bababa boom. Right? Right. At one point we were building on average five nuclear weapons a day.


A day. And then you're building the weapon. That's just the bombs, the warheads. You're building weapons systems. 'cause we have a triad. We don't just have the ICBMs in the silos and the ground. We have nuclear armed nuclear powered submarines outfitted with submarine launched ballistic missiles. And then we also have the bombers. so we have a triad. But during the Cold War we had You know we were shooting tactical nuclear weapons out of cannons. Billy Wall was halo jumping, a hand carried portable nuclear weapon out of an airplane in case we needed to use it on the battlefield.


How do you, I mean I know you don't like to give your opinion And If, you don't want to. That's okay. How do you feel about having like one thou, what did you say, 1000 106 7 1,770 US 1,770. Yeah. How do you, do you think we need That I mean? That's an opinion I think that, that I own, which is absolutely not. I mean, look, my lane is as an investigative journalist relay, you know, reporting the facts, doing the interviews and setting them down on the record. But of course you get to have an opinion at some point. Certainly when time, like times have changed, we are back in the original buildup, it was US and Russia and then China in the early sixties.


Now there are nine nuclear armed nations, many of which are in direct conflict with one another. All of the new technology, artificial intelligence, you know, this is crazy. It's like the United Nations Secretary General recently said, we are one misunderstanding, one miscalculation away from nuclear Armageddon. And he said, we must reverse course and we must. So I was in Brussels talking about my book because people were interested in it. What I learned is because they said to me, and these are disarmament groups, right? That they, and they said to me, your book condenses in a really dramatic, terrifying way.


What we have been trying to convey to world leaders for decades with a lot of information. You just, and what we're trying to convey is this is madness. So the progress is that we've gone from 70,000 nuclear warheads to, there are a total of approximately 12,500 today amongst the nuclear nine nuclear armed nation. The disarmament people will tell you that's 12,500 too many. The United Nations recently created a, a treaty called, I'm gonna mess this up. The international, the I-P-T-N-W, the international treaty on the prohibition of nuclear weapons.


And their idea is that gradually nations should begin to reduce their arsenals down to zero gradually. And so the opinion I would have, which seems like a responsible journalist, that sounds like a really good idea. And the word gradual is important because, okay, so we've been talking about the horrors of Nuclear War, but you can also talk to proponents of deterrence as I do, who will tell you we must have a nuclear arsenal because the bad guys do.


That's where I would fall. Right? And by the way, that's the easier it really is. The easier, quicker conclusion. I mean, I feel like I, it would be great if there were no nuclear weapons, however, you know, we don't play nicely with one another. Right? And so I think the, I mean how, I'm just gonna go off on a tangent here and say that the only way, look, if I were president or in charge of this country, the only way I would even consider eliminating our nuclear weapons is if we had a defense capability that was able to eliminate a nuclear, any nuclear weapon on the way here.


So that, well, yes, the idea is absolutely that the disarmorment idea isn't, oh we should give up all of our nuclear weapons and then just believe that North Korea and Russia and China and Iran or you know, Iran doesn't have the weapon yet. All of these other countries will just give up their capability. That would be madness. But the disarmament that when we went from 70,000 down to 12,000 fund hundred Russia reduced their arsenal, you know, alongside of us. So reduction is Possible. I mean, did we really reduce, did we really reduce the arsenal though? Or have we developed better, maybe not, maybe better is the wrong word. Have we developed more powerful and more devastating nuclear missiles to where we don't need 70,000 maybe.


Maybe I'm, I'm pulling numbers outta nowhere right now, but just for example, maybe, maybe one of today's nuclear warheads is equivalent to a hundred back in 1950s. Except for that's not the way it is. Okay. Which is so interesting because you and I both know the weapon systems that are, you know, the kinetic weapon systems that are used by the military in ground wars or air wars have been advancing like nobody's business as technology has been advancing.


The nuclear weapons are essentially the same. They're not much has changed. We haven't built any new nuclear weapons since Clinton was president because he signed a treaty prohibiting that. And Russia complied. So allegedly we do not build any new nuclear weapons. It would be a massive violation of a treaty. All of our o our nuclear weapons are decades old. Which is a whole other debate because now the defense department has just asked for, I don't, I think it's $900 billion to upgrade the arsenal because it is old and the ICBMs are old.


So this is a, it's like a, you're suddenly down the rabbit hole and going, wait a minute, how did I wind up here? But the number of nuclear warheads is simply the number of nuclear warheads. What's, what's another grim consideration is that dismantling a nuclear warhead is also a dirty process. And there's a plant in Texas that does this, which itself is like a major target because it has all the dismantled plutonium and uranium course. Hmm. So the eyes can glaze over with like, isn't it just easier to have an arsenal of nuclear weapons that's on, that's the same size as ours.


Which is why I point to the people like ican, like the Arms Control Association who actively work on these disarmament issues with the United Nations patients. And the point of a book like mine is to make it digestible for the average person to understand that like this many nuclear weapons is madness. An accident or a miscalculation could lead to a Nuclear War and it's only going to end one way. Almost no one disagrees with that. Once Nuclear War starts, it ends in Armageddon And I, the scenario takes you through what happens and then the mistakes that happen because of technology holes, What has been upgraded.


It must be the transportation of the warhead that has to have been upgraded by this point. No really. I mean a ballistic missile is, okay, so here's how a ballistic missile works ready, because this helped me to understand it. Shall I give you the like 32nd version please? Let's Do it. Okay. So it happens in, you can just imagine it going from like there over the, to that continent. To that continent. And there's a little diagram in the book. By the way, the way I know this is because the first director of darpa, are you familiar with darpa? I am. Okay. DARPA's created in 19 57, 58 Yeah, I Can't remember what it stands for, but basically DARPA is our advanced weapons.


Yes. It's our advanced technology weapons. Correct. Defense advanced research projects there. We go agency. Another mouthful, darpa. Okay. It began in 1957 after the Russians launched Sputnik, we got caught by scientific military surprise. That was like a bad thing. Herb Bjork becomes its first science director and he wanted to know, 'cause the reason Sputnik was the reason Sputnik was so threatening, it was a satellite, the Russian satellite, the first one orbiting Earth. The reason it was threatening was because it takes a rocket to get a satellite into space And If, you can put a rock If, you can put a satellite in space.


Pretty soon you can put a nuclear warhead on that rocket and hit the United States. That was 1957. That's where everything changed. And so Herb Bjork wanted to know in seconds and minutes how long it took for that ICBM to get to the United States. So he hired this really, the smartest guys in the room, the Jason scientists about which there are extraordinary many conspiracy theories. I interviewed a number of them including its founder for the DARPA book. So York and I learned this because I went and looked in the archives at a library in San Diego.


'cause I couldn't get the defense department to tell me the answer. Go to York's papers where a lot of you know If, you go to the scientists papers, you find a lot of secrets and sure enough there's this, you know, process York asking the Jason scientists, there's all these incredibly cool documents about it. Figure out, tell me how many seconds of minutes it takes. 'cause you forget that people don't know until they know. you know, you can be the smartest guy in the room and you don't know how a ballistic missile works until someone tells you. Okay. So they tell York, here's how it works. Three phases, boost phase, the rocket ignites. You can imagine that fire missile goes up five minutes, five minutes of fire launching the missile.


That's when the satellite can see it. The satellite sees the fire. Okay then it burns out. Then it has a 20 minute mid-course phase where it's just moving with the rotation of the earth 500 miles above the earth. And then it has a hundred seconds of terminal phase. A good term for it. Terminal phase is the last a hundred seconds. The warhead, which has been traveling 'cause everything else burns away the nuclear warhead or plural warheads. 'cause there might be multiple of them is now gonna reenter the atmosphere in a hundred seconds and detonate on target.


That's it. That's it. It's so simple. And once you understand that, certainly for me as a reporter, then you can kind of understand, oh, that's how an ICBM works. So there's no upgrading to do. Right. You can maybe make the rocket motor more powerful, but That's, I guess that's kind of what I'm getting at. I mean we just, I can't remember who developed it, but we just saw the new, maybe it was in, within the past year, the hypersonic muscle. Who dev, do you remember who Developed that? It's probably Lockheed's Falcon program. I thought it was Yeah Yeah. I thought it was another country. But that's kind of what I was, yeah.


What I was leaning towards is You know maybe a little more stealthy faster, less than 30 minutes. I don't know. This isn't, you know, I mean, but again, that my job as a reporter is, is exactly to take those questions, demystify them, right? And definitely not take the approach of like You know you don't know, which so many, so much of society kind of, I think functions that way and prohibits people from asking really basic questions. Yeah. There's no such thing as a dumb question. Yeah. I mean, okay. 'cause then once You know it, You know it. But, but like hypersonic people talk about hyper.


We have hypersonics. Well a hypersonic goes approximately Mach five. Okay. Ballistic missiles Go mach 20. Okay. Okay. So the ballistic missile is such a game. It's such as like ending, it's such a doomsday machine. You can have hypersonics. This is, you know, this is like warfare that is non-nuclear Nuclear War is in a case by itself, which is why we're at this incredibly threatening moment right now because Nuclear War is coming out of the, or nuclear weapons. The use of nuclear weapons is coming out of the mouth of world leaders.


And the Nuclear War used to be the red line in the sand. And yes, if someone decides to marry a nuclear warhead onto a hypersonic missile, You know hypersonic missile will take an hour where a I CCB m will take 30 minutes. But it's mixing as soon as you're talking about tactical nuclear weapons. It's just the worst possible scenario. Because I know, I can tell you from looking at one of the only declassified Nuclear War games called Proud Prophet. And I write about it in the book and I show you what a, a declassified look paper looks like.


No matter that war game showed us two weeks in 1983 ordered by President Reagan. It showed us that no matter how Nuclear War begins, it ends in nuclear Armageddon. Everybody in nuclear command and control knows that. Everyone knows that there is no such thing as a limited Nuclear War. That's terrifying. It can sometimes feel like TMI right? That it's almost easier to just not know.


And also like a lot of the war fighting concepts you have on these walls, right? Which involve humans are so much easier in a way to think about, to talk about, to discuss, to wonder about. Nuclear weapons are so abstract. There's no battle for Chicago, battle for New York. It's just, it's just literally push button warfare. Why do we, why do, why is that okay? I mean, I don't think it's, I don't think it's okay. I think I personally feel like it's a necessity that we have to have it because our adversaries have it.


Unless we have some type of defense system that can disarm, destroy whatever nuclear warhead is headed our way before it reaches destination. Do we have that capability? So now it gets really depressing. When I tell you about the interceptor missile capability. 'cause you will hear people say, oh, we, we, we have like a Iron dome. you know, we read, we both read the news and we saw what happened when Iran lobbed missiles, including ballistic missiles at Israel and they were intercepted, right? Those are short range and medium range missiles.


Totally different story than trying to shoot down a long range ballistic missile, also called a strategic missile. That what I told you about that 30 minute arc, 500 miles up in space, you're trying to shoot that down. That's where interceptor phase happens. Don't we have some sort of space weapon that could initiate that instead of shooting up at it? We do not. We have 44 land based interceptor missiles. 44 people have asked me like maybe we have secret, a secret arsenal. We do not. We have 44.


Well, How can you be so sure? Y you know, maybe Secretary Panetta is lying to me. He a I don't think so. we have four, I mean we have 44 interceptor missiles. Russia has 1,670 on ready four. That's why I'm saying it doesn't even make sense. It doesn't even make sense why we would only have 44 when the, when the adversary's arsenals are so much bigger than 44. It might have to do with this. Okay. When you can look at the numbers and the cost of the, of the program, which I tell you about the interceptor missiles. Now the success rate on those interceptor missiles of which we have 44, is between 40 and 55% the success rate.


And right now that program is on strategic pause, which is a euphemism for, oh shit, So. we could take 22 If, because inside the warhead best case scenario, best case scenario, inside the warhead is almost certainly decoys that are meant to confuse. So here's how the interceptor system works. It's basically a mini version of that giant rocket that is the ICBM and it inside of its nose cone, it has the aptly named exo atmospheric kill vehicle. That's what it's called. It's 140 pound.


It's not a warhead because it doesn't have any explosives in it. It's just an object, 140 pound object that is going. So the, the interceptor missile fires up, it's communicating with its grounds, with its sensor systems that's guiding it, and it's going to now try and hit the missile, the warhead moving through midcourse phase at 14,000 miles an hour, 500 miles up in space. It's gonna try to hit it that the exo atmospheric kill vehicle is going at 20,000 miles an hour.


The Missile Defense Agency spokesperson says yes. It's like hitting a bullet with a bullet. Wow. Damn near impossible. And there's no spatial technology. Wow. It's illegal to put nuclear weapons in space as per the treaties as it should be. And I'm not, there's one spoiler alert I'm not gonna give away, but in the third act of the book, North Korea unleashes a nuclear warhead. It has flying in space already in space disguised as a satellite, a technology that is actually capable.


And that North Korea has expressed intention of having, whether it really has it, we don't know. And that unleashes a new kind of mayhem. I'm gonna make you read the book to learn about, but just when you thought it was bad, it gets really bad. So you definitely don't want nuclear weapons in space. Perfect. I didn't necessarily mean nuclear weapons, I meant something to disable Yeah Yeah, a nuclear weapon that is in mid-flight in space, like maybe a laser or something. Some sort of, some sort of new technology that we don't know yet. But in this, you know, back to the, you had mentioned a war game, Yeah, I think that the Reagan administration had put together it, so just for the au I wanna dive into that.


And so just for the audience, a war game is basically a made up scenario, but a realistic scenario that they put, and it kind of shows the probability of what the outcome would look like. And so they do this with all con, a lot of countries do this, And And, this is, we do this with a multitude of scenarios, cyber attacks, nuclear warfare, and I mean regular, regular warfare. So what did the admin, what did the Reagan administration uncover with that war game? The Proud prophet. So also they do hundreds of these a year. Like If, you read Stratcom, you know, discussions with Congress as I do, you can interpret how many of these Nuclear War game, how many of these war games are going on Nuclear War games because Stratcom wouldn't be doing other operations.


So there's, there's a, there're happening all the time and they, they're incredibly classified, meaning we just, they don't get declassified. But this one proud prophet 83 war game got Dela Nuclear War game, got declassified. And I show you in the book, it's literally all blacked out. It's redacted. You've seen documents like that. It's just all black. There's maybe like one word, you know, aftermath or, you know, buildup, right? Everything else. And so you might say, well, what's the point of releasing this? How can we get any information? It's all redacted. We get the information from a civilian scientist professor who was on that war game named Paul Bracken.


He's a professor at Yale now. Okay. And once it was declassified like 10 years ago, it allowed bracken to speak about it generally before that he couldn't say anything, you know, about, you know, your, your the classification requirements. But then suddenly, because it was declassified, he could speak about it in a general manner. And he wrote in his own book, what I just conveyed to you, that no matter how Nuclear War, so they, there, there was a two week long program, the sec sec def, like the highest ranking people in military nuclear command and control got together and gained out these different scenarios.


According to Professor Bracken, they, you know, NATO was involved, NATO wasn't involved. Tactical weapons are involved, tactical weapons not China gets involved. And what Bracken said was, no matter how Nuclear War begins, it only ends in Nuclear Armageddon in his exact words, was that everyone left the war game very depressed. And so I think I pull the veil back on some of this, that, and it's almost like a little bit of our experience communicate, the Nuclear War conundrum is so complex and tightly wound.


It was, it began with the generals and the admirals of the Pentagon in the 1950s working from an idea that Nuclear War could be fought and won. Which it itself is insane. The original Nuclear War plan against the Soviet Union that I write about in the book was going to kill 600 million people. Wow. 600 million people. How can you have a plan like that and not call it mass extermination? That's how it began. That was a long time ago. The Soviets were the big bad threat. No one's doubting that. It's different.


It's a different world that we live in now. Why do we have, why have we not acknowledged that what began as madness will likely end in madness? Unless all of these issues are addressed? Money, You mean there's more money to build more weapons? I think we're, I think we're at a new crossroads that's completely different, but maybe has some similarities with ai.


Okay. Do you Keep going? I'm interested what you have to say. Well, I mean, there's a lot of fear of what AI could develop into And. Basically, you know, it gets to the point where it makes humanity completely irrelevant. And so it's, it's, it's, it's a dangerous game we're playing. I don't think anybody really knows the extent of what we might experience if this keeps, keeps on, you know, with the brain chips, with, with everything. And so it's another, it's once it's out of the bag, it's not going back in. And I feel like that's where we're at with AI is where we were with Nuclear War.


It's the Pandora's Box idea. Yes. Yes. Which kind of begs the question, okay, so how about doing something about it? And I know we all have busy lives, and that is part of the, you know, no one can stop what they're doing and suddenly become an expert on existential threats per se. so we talk about it and we, you know, pontificate what can be done. But we should remember that there are powers that be, that are paid to deal with these issues in our own government. And also the days are over where you could just trust the government to be doing the I don, how do I say that?


Right? Yeah, I know where you're going. Like, we should be able to trust the government to have our, to be doing things in our best interest. Yeah. Right. Like If, you watch the propaganda films of the fifties having to do with Nuclear War, right? I mean, and you see like a housewife with a tiny waist and you know, curlers maybe even making pancakes. And then like a siren goes off and then Jimmy come quick and they, they duck in cover and that's gonna protect you against a nuclear bomb. And everybody went, okay. I mean, those days are over. But then you kind of, I think the point you're raising is, is what kind of like version of that are we dealing with today?


I I think it's ai. I mean it's happening right now. you know, Xi Jingping in China says the first, the first country that masters AI will achieve global domination. and so now you have, now you have all these people over here that are worried about, I mean, I'm conflicted. What do you do? China's not gonna stop, right? They're not gonna stop. And so if we stop, then we put ourselves at a disadvantage. but If, none of us stop. We put the entire human species at a, at a, at the risk of becoming irrelevant.


you know, And And, does it make sense? Of Course it makes sense and it's absolutely on point. And you know, you can also throw into that mix biology because, okay, so here's how I would tie that together, right? Because you have biological warfare threats that become more threatening, more existentially threatening with the introduction of ai, I believe perhaps more so than with the nuclear weapons, right? One of the areas, I'm gonna try to hold this thought together, but it, it ties, so you might say let PE you might say nuclear weapons.


Could, you know AI could get hold of nuclear weapons? Well, maybe. And this is where I'm either informed or inaccurate, I don't know. Okay. What I do know is that from, from interviewing people in cyber command is that our nuclear weapons are surprisingly analog, meaning they are not digital. Okay? So for example, I learned in reporting the book that our sub launched ballistic missiles guide to the targets by star sighting Sean, a little panel opens and they use the stars to guide to the target.


There are other systems in place and this stuff is very classified. But what is leading is like this ancient technology that like our hunter gatherer ancestors used. Okay? So nuclear weapons, because they happened before the advent of the digital age, there has been a concerted effort to make sure they remain analog so that they can't be hacked. Okay? Okay. And these are assurances that I have gotten from cyber command. You're just taking somebody at your, at their word at that point because the documentation is not declassified. So hold that thought.


Then you have this idea that biological weapons used to exist. We used to have, we had a program about biological weapons. I wrote about it. We hired the Nazi scientists, they built up our biological warfare program and we used to have an arsenal, and then Nixon made them illegal. So all of the biological weapons were destroyed. We found out Russia was cheating. And they, I mean rat hole upon rat hole. So biological weapons are no more, which exist, sort of, that's the reason that nuclear disarmament people say we don't need a nuclear arsenal to keep us safe because we, we were able to say we don't need biological weapons to keep us safe.


Biological weapons have become taboo. We need, so the disarmament people will say, nuclear weapons should be taboo. Now you take ai, okay, you, what you're saying, which is really significant to think about is how does AI fit into the mix? If there is indeed a giant gap on purpose between AI being able to access nuclear weapons because it has grown up with that, that is one lane of security, shall we say. But with the biological issues, that is far more dangerous to my eye because they didn't grow up together.


And AI has the capacity to make biological weapons and chemical weapons on paper. Does that make sense? Because a lot of AI is pulling from information in the public domain. And so far no student in a basement that we know of has made a nuclear weapon. Think about that. No, it remains this jealously guarded recipe.


Pakistan got the bomb because they stole the inf, most people get the bomb because they steal it. But biolo biology, we have biological, synthetic, biological situations being made by, you know, students in high school because of ai. Because what you can program AI make me a chemical weapon. That to me is a majorly existential threat. But again, we don't have the language yet, just as layman or with a little bit of knowledge to understand what AI is really capable of. And so you're bringing up the question, should we trust the same people that said like, duck and cover and you'll be safe?


Should, that's what you're saying. And that's a very important question. I would say probably not. We should probably not trust 'em. I mean, I don't, you know, I don't know. Once again, this is like the disarming of the nukes. I mean, what do we, what do we do? We do we, I I mean, what is your opinion? What do we do About the nukes or about AI with Ai? I mean, I always start by looking at the opinions of people I respect and then I start to kind of gather more information.


Like why did they wind up with their opinion? And so one person that comes to mind, When I was Stu When. I was looking at early ai because a lot of the early AI comes from DARPA and they have, DARPA has always had this idea. So also I think it's important to make a distinction, at least to my eye between, or I do When I. Think about it. ai, artificial intelligence and machine learning If, you machine learning is making computers a lot smarter. Artificial intelligence is actually trying to figure out how to make a machine think for that.


I visited, I went to Los Alamos, When I was reporting the Pentagon's brain and visited a DARPA scientist who had a grant to try and create, you know, a brain in essence. And he was using the computer that used to have all the nuclear codes on it. It was really interesting. But he explained to me, his name was Dr. Garrett Garrett Kenyon. And he gave me this analogy where he said, we're so far out from brain from computers being able to think. And I said, try and just give me a average Jane or Joe way to understand this. And he said, okay, think about the, so the facial recognition software on your iPhone, right?


Very basic thing, you and I, that is machine learning. So he said, have your iPhone look at you and then try to have it look at you further away and with a baseball cap or with sunglasses, right? So you're kind of making it harder for the machine to know it's you. Now this interview we did by the way was like eight years ago, and things have changed a lot in a frightening manner. Then he said to me, the iPhone could definitely not recognize me across a football field walking with a baseball cap on.


He said, my daughter on the other hand, who is I think something like eight years old at the time, he said, my daughter knows who I am across a football field walking with a baseball cap. Good point. And begins running toward me. That is human intelligence. I mean, do you think I, I think, I think we've, I mean, look, now China supposedly has camera systems. don don't know what you'd call them. I guess they wouldn't be facial recognition, they would just be, They are facial recognition. Yes. Well, I guess what I'm saying is it can pick up how you walk Gait recognition.


And so people are putting rocks in their shoes so that they walk different. Wow. Did you know, did You know, did know this did, I did not know the, the, the way to spoof that, Right? They're putting rocks in their shoes so that they walk different so that the the, the technology doesn't pick up how they actually walk. Yep. And they can now have systems that can read your heartbeat. I didn't know that. So this gets into tricky my opinion on this or rather my lots of facts, you know, opinion gets into a tricky area here because I speak often about the military industrial complex, not in, and I wanna preface this, what I'm about to say about China and all that, right?


Which is not in a, what might be called a conspiratorial way per se, like the military industrial complex, literally as a fact-based military industrial complex. And it is real. And it is also provides a lot of jobs for a lot of people. I often think about this. So the military industrial complex as a term comes from Eisenhower's farewell speech. Okay? And that's very well known, but less known is what Eisenhower said. As a follow up to that, in that same speech, which is interestingly something IUI tell my sources as a principal I work from, would they let me interview them?


And most of them say yes on that, on those grounds, which is this, that the way in which America can function as a sort of peaceful nation and a democratic nation and a nation that is strong, that has a strong defense is through an alert and knowledgeable citizenry. Which is exactly what we've been talking about this whole time. Which is in a way, the question for the original listener asked, right? How, so what Eisenhower was saying to us is be alert and be knowledgeable. And so I think it's always good to temper that.


Like If, you say, I'm being alert and I'm being knowledgeable in sort of like a nerdy way. Then you can, I can differentiate my eye like my pontificating about what does that mean, And, I can see my sort of more paranoid brain thinking thing, right? And it just is it, it balances things out. But on the concept of the military industrial complex, specifically in China's surveillance, I wanna say this, which is that one way of looking at that, which I would look at, 'cause I've done quite a bit of reporting on it, is that it's that problem of the chicken or egg scenario that, that when the United States creates a radical new technology that it's using for its own defense, China follow suit, Russia follow suits.


And nowhere is that more specific and more obvious If, you really think about it than what the United States did during the war on terror. What the government did during the war on terror. And that is create these, these biometric surveillance systems, which, you know, to go after bad guys in Iraq, in Afghanistan, fingerprint technology, find the bomber, not the bomb. A great idea. If you, you just gonna take out you, if you're gonna go after the the bomb, you're just gonna be think about that's what your teams were doing. But as soon as you can go after the bomber, you're cutting off the head of the snake.


But the biometric surveillance system got out of control before you knew it. Perhaps because of the military industrial complex. The Pentagon had decided, well let's just get biometrics on everybody. So it went from, do you know about this a little bit? It went, I'll do, I'll keep it short 'cause it can be like too much of a rabbit hole. But it went from finding the fingerprints on the bomber to let's get fingerprints on every single person in Iraq. 85% of the population was the goal. And then they did that in Afghanistan. These are facts. This is like David Petraeus fact, okay? And so the idea was we're gonna have this colossal database of everybody which used to be considered an FBI criminal concept.


We're just gonna have this on everybody and then that way we're gonna know if you're a bad guy or a good guy. And it got totally out of control and it happened too fast. And there was so much money being made that it just became a deluge of systems. And China copied that. China did not have that system of systems until we introduced it to them. And because China's great at stealing our intellectual property, that is precisely what happened. And then China, because it's a communist country and it does not have any of the same rules to abide by, just went berserk with it and said we're gonna now, do they have a system called physicals for all? Physicals for all? What a great euphemism.


What it means is we're gonna get your DNA and that's what they're in the process of doing. Having DNA fingerprints, Iris scans, gait monitor of everybody. So it's, it's becoming a massive police state. If it wasn't already, it is now it's a te technology based police state. But remember my point in that would be the Defense Department set that up, you could say to happen I Or is that military industrial complex?


That's a good point. I've not thought of. It's a great point. What do you think? I think it's the Eisenhower quote. Like an alert and knowledgeable citizenry, right? And. And also a little bit If. you pick your battles because you could, you can become subsumed with this is just a horrible, you know, you could really, and you wanna enjoy your life and be a good parent and write your books or do your podcast. So, and then I look to history to say, okay, oh that's right, this has always been going on. I do believe money, money needs to be spent to keep the economy going, but there could be a restructuring of the military industrial complex in a manner that suits the livelihood and the future.


Yeah, I agree with you on that. Let's, let's take a quick break. Let we come back. I'd like to see what it looks like here in the US if we do endure a nuclear attack. Mm, It's not pretty.


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets b2b, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/campaign to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/campaign terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be.


So you wanna be a marketer, it's easy. You just have to score a ton of leads and figure out a way to turn them all into customers. Plus manage a dozen channels, write a million blogs and launch a hundred campaigns all at once. When that's done, simply make your socials go viral and bring in record profits. No sweat. Okay fine. It's a lot of sweat. But with HubSpot's AI powered marketing tools, launching benchmark breaking campaigns is easier than ever. Get started at Hubspot dot com slash marketers.


If You've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks with over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at bab.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Alright Annie, we're back from the break. We're getting ready to dive into what it would look like if we do get hit. I just, I just looked back at my notes though and I just wanna cover one more thing back to the, back to the six minutes for the president to make a decision. Don't you If, you talked, how do I put this? I would think that a lot of these decisions have already been predetermined. If there's only nine nations, US included. So eight other ones and then I can't remember how many are our allies? I know Russia, China, Korea. Is there another one that's Pakistan?


Pakistan Questionable. Yeah. Okay. Definitely questionable. But but You, you've been there, right? Yeah Yeah. So, So I would think we would definitely have a lot of predetermined decisions made if one of those four countries launched towards us. So, so the reason I'm bringing this up is for the audience more to, to at least I I would think that there would be contingency plan after contingency plan, after contingency plan what were to happen if one of those countries launched a nuclear weapon towards us.


And so that, i i I think it's important to know that yeah, the president isn't just making a, going through a, a raw decision process from, from beginning to end in six minutes on what he's gonna do. Would you agree with that? Absolutely. Okay, great. So let's talk about the football. Okay. Because there is not time, you're absolutely right for the sec have to say, okay sir, we think there's no time for that. You're talking about a six minute window. I mean that's like making a pot of coffee. Okay. That is a tiny amount of time. And so the football, do you know what the football is? I do.


Okay. Which Do you wanna describe it? The football is the emergent, also known as the emergency satchel. It's this leather bag that is always with the president. Any photograph you look at the President If, you can see around him, you will see the mill aid, the military aid. Who is the person assigned to carry the football? 24 7 365 with the president. It is always with the president. Lou Murti, the former director of the Secret Service, told me a great story about the football. When I said, is it really always with the president? He said it is always with the president. He was before he was director of Secret Service. He was the head of President Clinton's detail.


And he told me about going to Syria with Clinton to see President Assad, the current president's father, and that they got into the elevator and you know, one of Assad's guys was like, no, right, like about the Mill aid. And Lou said it was like a standoff. There was no way they were gonna let the president ride in the elevator without the football. That's how significant it is. It is with him on all time. Inside the football are two key items. One is an ability for the president's identity to be confirmed with and by those in the nuclear bunkr beneath the Pentagon, which is called the National Military Command Center.


So the president has like a, a, a card, a laminated card inside his wallet known as the biscuit. It has information on it, which matches up to the information in the football. That'll, that that is a literally a call and response. It is a verbal call and response. This is not digital, this is not biometric, it's old school. And the other important item in the football is the black book. That's not its official name, but that's what it's called. And the classified historian at Los Alamos told me that the reason it's called the Black book is it is because it involves so much death.


The black book is another jealously guarded secret. What is in the black book? Almost no one has that, has seen the contents of it, has spoken of it once. A mill aid referred to the con in an interview with Smithsonian magazine, described the contents of the black book. And he described it like a Denny's menu, which gets us to how does the president choose his targets. So the countries that are perceived as enemies, nuclear armed enemies who might launch at us are broken down into this Denny's menu type document with options for the president to choose from in that six minute window really fast, I interviewed for the book one person who had, has actually seen the contents of the black book.


His name is Ted Postal and he's the one with Richard Garland who drew the map for me about the launch and the missile And postal in the eighties was the chief advisor to the Navy about nuclear missiles. That was his job in the eighties. And so he worked on some of the statistics, the, the information about potential tar targets. But what he told me was this very frightening story about the black book, which is he said, which gets to your question about like the president making a decision. He said they would work on all these different scenarios, kind of let's consider the 82 missile scenario.


We're talking about why you would get to that, how you would get to that, how you would determine where the CIA thinks North Korea's nuclear command and control centers may be operative word thinks we have no real intelligence on them. And then postal told me, and of course North Korea wasn't involved in the eighties 'cause they didn't have nuclear weapons yet. But postal told me that he had another experience, which was another day he was at the Pentagon and he, and he became privy to the black book, kind of like by accident. It was out. And he looked at it and what freaked him out, his words was that he said the difference between what they had been working on with these very precise calculations about why different targets should be chosen and what resulted were almost not recognizable.


And he couldn't, Can you say that again? I'm sorry. Yeah, The, okay, so like they nerded out, like you can imagine guys with pencils and rulers and going, what are the targets in said enemy nation? What are the, where are their nuclear command and control facilities that we would wanna take out in a nuclear strike? That's what the, you know, their big industries that their bunkers, their version of the Stratcom bunkr, their version of the Pentagon, they had, they kind of nerd out around all the details to get down, pair down what the targets are and how many bombs you're gonna put on a target. 'cause you never put just one, you know this from ground warfare, right?


So, but what postal said is when he went over to the Pentagon, And And was looking at the black book, the Denny's menu If you Will, that he was shocked. He actually said he was freaked out at the disconnect between them. In other words, they had just been reduced to option A and a, you know, there was not information. The p the president wouldn't realize you're striking a city that's going to kill 15 million people. It's a playbook. And I got the sense it's numerical or alpha numerical.


Again, that's classified information, but that's the sense I got. It's like a 3 24 b I'm using that kind of as an analogy, but maybe even literally. So in other words, that is what they're not, the president doesn't go, okay, I'm gonna hit. And they're not cities with humans, It's a, look don don't know anything about nuclear warfare. That's, I'm a ground guy, that's it. I don't do nuclear strategy or anything like that. But I will say that combat planning strategy contingencies is very much like a football game you call a play.


And no, nobody that has not been briefed understands what that play is. So if it's a, if it's a a a, did you say a numeric or or Alpha numeric Yeah Yeah. So, so if it's Alpha five two, then they go to the everybody, everybody who is read in knows what Alpha five two is in that scenario, that that scenario plays out And And. Absolutely. Does that make sense? Absolutely. I agree with, I think that's the best analogy I've heard from what I understand. Now, I could be wrong because I haven't had anyone who's seen the contents of the black book tell me precisely.


They've only spoken in metaphor because they can't. And very, very few people have seen it. Yeah, So, we, I mean I would imagine it would be very similar to a to, to a quarterback when he calls a play. Everybody on that team knows exactly what's going to happen, where they're gonna go, what they're gonna do, what route they're gonna run, where the ball's gonna land. you know? And that's, and so in the black book, on the Denny's menu, if he calls, you know, yes, alpha two six, all the key players know what's gonna be struck, what's, you know, where they're gonna be. Yes. How long it's gonna take to get there, what countries are gonna, all of that is already, it's already been predetermined.


It's a predetermined playbook of, of possible scenarios. And And, you're exactly probably right, right? And so then imagine this, the president says, oh well what is Alpha 52? you know, whatever the, and now you the six minute window, the clock is ticking inside Stratcom, the bunkr beneath Offit Air Force base, which is one of three of the, the three nuclear bunkers that are central to this. In this moment in time as this is happening, there's one in Cheyenne Mountain, there's one beneath Offit out Air Force base, and there's one at the Pentagon.


And the president, wherever he may be, is trying to discern this black book. And he's being advised. So at Stratcom there is an identical black book. It's in a safe, it gets op, the safe gets open, the black book gets taken out. They're identical so that they know exactly they're talking about the same thing. There is a target officer who will, who's prepared to brief if the president has any questions. And there's also a weather officer that's gonna tell him how many people are gonna die maybe if there's time. And if he asks that question from the radioactive fallout in centric circles going out from ground zero each ground zero.


But again, how much time do you have in a six minute window? And imagine what's going through the president's mind in the scenario that I write. I have the president ask a number of key questions, which were, which I learned questions. I learned from interviewing people that they are worried the president, or that they think the president might ask. Like, I'll give you an example of a key question. The president in my scenario asked, how do we know there's a nuclear warhead in the nose coming in that ballistic mess? And you know what the answer is? They don't. They don't.


And then the next answer is You know where, where the president might then wonder, perhaps someone is You know, tricking me into starting a Nuclear War. And the answer is, no one sends a ballistic missile unless they know we are going to send the mother load in response. Yeah. Which is brings us back to the paradox or the catch 22 of deterrence. So you could use this as an argument, which is why no one would be insane enough to ever launch a nuclear missile at the United States because they would be obliterated. Or you can use the argument that that's ridiculous.


How can more nuclear weapons make us more safe? I mean, we shouldn't be So, we shouldn't put so much weight on That I mean, we're just going down to a lower level. I mean, look at suicide bombers. They're ever, they had no problem recruiting suicide bombers, you know, and the global war on terrorism. And so all you would need is somebody with that mindset to get into government and become a world leader. I mean, not an easy task, but not impossible. Not Impossible. And in 2024, certainly more likely than in 1952 On top of that, going back to the, the decision making of the president, I mean, I'm sure he would have, if it happened, I'm sure he would have advisors that would say something along the lines of, this is what, this is what's happening right now.


These are our top three, these are our top three actions that we would recommended that you take. Here they are, You know, and that is the job of the advisors. Take one, which one, one would you like us to do? you know? And so he's not, he's not reading the whole Denny's menu. You're absolutely right. And And And. So you also have to imagine what would be going through the president's mind, who, from what I understand has not thought this through, has not been part of the, these You know war gaming scenarios, has been concerned with other issues both domestic and abroad. Suddenly new to this You know, asking questions like, is this a test?


And his advisors knowing it is not a test, and his advisors being much more aware of how this is going to end. Meaning, you know, having war gamed these situations out. But then you can learn about a concept as I did, which is something called jamming the president, which is what is understood would happen at a moment like this whereby the military advisors almost universally would be advising him to escalate, to deescalate, to hit them with an extraordinary amount of force. And that is a natural military mindset, particularly If, you are attacked, you know this, right?


And so in the scenario that I report, that's where things go awry because of some technological holes in the system. And that is why Russia gets involved. Interesting. Well, let's get into this scenario. What does it look like if we're hit A nuclear bomb explodes with a flash of light of X-ray light that is so powerful and hot. It is impossible to comprehend. It is 180 million degrees.


That's the temperature at the center of the sun times five, Really Times five. And so the thermonuclear flash sets everything on fire depending on the size of the bomb. In the scenario that I write, it's three miles out. Is that a fact? Is that the biggest? Yes. Yes. That's not the biggest bomb, but that is a fact. And so, by the way, like When I write about these horrific details about what happens to people in third degree burns and wind ripping skin off people's faces. You know nine miles out limbs being ripped off.


you know the sucking motion that happens, the, the blast wave, that's like a bulldozer. The buildings that come down, the When I write all those details. Those are not out of any jacobson's imagination. Those are sourced from a primary document called the effects of nuclear weapons, which is a 600 and some odd page book. It's also called Army pamphlet number 50 dash nine, if I'm remembering correctly. And that began with the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings the effects of nuclear weapons on buildings and people. And as the tests were done, we conducted atmospheric tests in the Pacific and also in Nevada at the test site.


As the tests were done, defense scientists were constantly measuring the effects that nuclear weapons have on things and people and the people substitutes were animals. And they measured these with a specificity that's just stunning. And that's a polite word for gruesome. And I use those details in the book and I source them again in notes. So You know, then you get to learn as a reader, oh wait a minute, how does the Pentagon know that a pine needle will catch on fire six miles out from ground zero You know spontaneously combust, and start more fires?


Oh, because these have been studied Six miles out. So what, so does that mean that the blast radius of the flash can, can be up to six miles, The bla the people can go blind up to 50 miles out if they're looking in the direction of the bomb, 50 miles, five Oh. And the way we know, you know, the Defense Department would put rabbits in cages and fly them, you know, 50 miles out from this bomb and put their, you know, it's very clockwork orange to determine the effects on the retina. A one megaton bomb that I have hit the Pentagon. And I, I use the Pentagon as a target, by the way, again, that's not just because it's my imagination, but because many people that I interviewed told me that a bolt out of the blue attack against Washington is what Washington fears most.


And so a one megaton bomb that detonates over the Pentagon creates a ball of fire, pure fire that is 5,700 feet in diameter. That's a little over a mile. Again, like the specificity of these numbers are from defense scientists, a ball of fire. So nothing remains not a cricket, not a no, no cellular life in that. And then you have this blast wave, it's called a steeply fronted blast wave. And it pushes out and it bulldozes down metaphor.


Every, all physical bridges go down, you know, stone splits apart, steel lead melts 10 miles out, streets become like molten lava. So If you survive, you're suddenly, you know, sucked into a lava street. Third degree burns on everyone, anyone in a subway is going to die if, if they're, you know, 10 miles out, they're gonna die of asphyxiation. So 10 mile would 10 miles be the, let's talk immediate death Yeah 10 miles.


Well There's, there's ra there's like three rings that I write about specifically, you know, in their diameters. And they go out up to the Washington DC Zoo is kind of the edge where all the animals, you know, have their skin hanging off of them. Sorry, it's dark. It's true. And so then you have to think about, you know, you have all these people dead, all these people now with that are far out as far as 10 miles out with third degree burns, fourth degree burns. Did you even know there was such a thing as a fourth degree burns? Third degree burns require a specialized bed. There are like 10 in Washington then they've now all been obliterated in this scenario.


People die of, you know, blood loss. Imagine the projectiles from this. There are several hundred mile an hour winds accompanying that steeply fronted blast wave. The buildings topple over and become rubble. We haven't even spoken in the back that no first responder can go in there for 72 hours. By then the world's over the situation. I write in appalling detail because I want you to see how horrific you would hope you were inside the fireball. Because the further our out your the worse it is. When you think about this, the mushroom cloud that we've all seen, right?


That mushroom stem and the cloud is made up of the remnants of people who have turned into combusting carbon. That is the ous of civilization. That's just one nuclear bomb. So people get to see that every nuclear weapon is really a mass extinction weapon. Because when you consider the bla you know, we're talking about the ring out 10, shall we say, 10, 10 miles out.


What will then, because all these fires have started now from the flash, the situation becomes a mesocyclone of fire is how it's described there in a matter of minutes or hours, there will be a hundred mile radius of fire burning because there's no first responders in a nuclear attack. I learned this from Obama's FEMA director, a guy called Craig Fugate who did all these on the record interviews with me and described to me how horrific a Nuclear War with he was so candid.


I went back, are you sure you said this, this, this and this. It's quoted in the book, you know that he said that FEMA does something called population protection planning. So earthquakes, floods, hurricanes when these happen. FEMA's at the ready to help the people population protection planning. And Fugate said to me, after a nuclear strike, there is no population protection planning because everyone will be dead. You're on your own. I said, what do you suggest people do? And he said, hope that you stalked Pia Light and don't forget your morals.


That kind of candor from that level of a, of an individual made me realize people leave office and become civilians again, become parents again, And, And grandparents and estimate. And they suddenly realize like, Nuclear War is insane. We cannot have a Nuclear War. What do you, have you talked to any of your sources about likely targets other than DC Every, every city in America is a target.


Every airport in America is a target. Every industrial base in America is a target. Maybe not for the rogue launch that happens in my scenario in the beginning. But as I describe in the book, a series of events happen. Shall I jump forward to like what really goes wrong? Sure. Okay. So, we have a really great satellite system. Russia does not. They pretend they do. Theirs is called tundra. I told you ours can measure, you know, inches from 22,000 miles up.


Theirs pretends to their system is so flawed that it sees clouds and sunlight as exhaust, as fire sometimes. Now I sourced this not just from American experts, but from people who are experts on Russian nuclear command and control, including a guy called Paval Povi who's who studied in Moscow, who's the liaison to the UN for Russian nuclear forces. So he know he would be prone to giving you a different opinion maybe than, and he even conceded that the tundra system is deeply flawed.


And so Russia can't see, Russia could easily misinterpret what it's, what it is seeing happening. We're talking about once the missiles start flying, once America, the American president learns that he has to make a counter attack. And our, our missiles are now flying. And as Leon PanIN said to me, you're right, no one thinks about mad chemistry. Mutual assure destruction chemistry once the missiles are flying. And that's where the mistakes happen. So in the scenario, a very serious flaw arises, which is that US ICBMs do not have enough range.


If we are sending ICBMs at North Korea, they have to fly over Russia. An actual fact confirmed by Panetta, by the way, they have to fly over Russia. Think about the state of affairs between Russia and the United States right now. I don't believe the two presidents have spoken in years during the war. General Milley couldn't get his, in the early days of the war, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Milley couldn't get his Russian counterpart on the phone when there was an errant, erroneously reported missile attack against Poland.


Couldn't get him on the phone. Imagine A Scenario where nuclear missiles are flying and Russia sees missiles coming. It would interpret at themselves not even If. you could get the president on the phone and say, trust us, they're gonna go over you, not at you. And so Russia makes a decision to launch. And when Russia launches, it sends a thousand nuclear weapons. Does that mean North Korea's nuclear weapons would also have to fly over Russia? North Korea's nuclear weapons fly over Russia and China.


But they do not have the same technology that we have, according to my understanding of the technology to see neither China nor Russia to see in real time the way that we see in real time any ballistic missile launch anywhere on the globe. Only reason I'm bringing that up is context. Yeah. Because if they do have somewhat of a capability and North Korea launches a nuke at the US and it does have to fly over China and Russia, at least in our response, they would have some context and they could go, okay, we did just see one, we just saw one fly this way, now we're gonna see one head west, you know, And, And.


So it wouldn't be a hundred percent in the blind, Which is a could. That is a, that is a possibility. Now with that being said, you're also, you know, there would have to be some type of communications. And if we don't have communications and we can't, we can't even get our counterpart on the phone then. And here's the fundamental problem with that in terms of long thinking, which is that America's first Nuclear War plan against Russia was a preemptive nuclear strike. Okay? A preemptive nuclear strike.


Russia has been paranoid ever since. Maybe with good reason because this is how an origin story that we would do a preemptive nuclear strike. I have heard some leading experts on Putin, including Fiona Hill, who advised multiple presidents. So she's completely non-partisan. Talk about how the invasion of Iraq profoundly impacted Putin's thinking about the United States, about regime change, about a preemptive attack and how dangerous that is.


So it's not just long history that someone might be thinking of it's short history, more immediate history. And so another example of how paranoid Russia has been for decades is its system that it created called The Dead Hand. Okay? It's the, or the, the liter, the literal name of it is perimeter. It was this perimeter system. Dead hand was originally reported by a Washington Post reporter named David Hoffman, like in 1999 when he first learned about it, right after the wall had gone down before we were back to this nuclear threat posturing.


But the way the dead hand works is like this, Russia was so paranoid that the United States was gonna launch a preemptive nuclear attack against it during the Cold War that it created a dead hand system. What is that? It's kind of like it sounds, they created a system whereby ground sensors would be able to determine nuclear weapons, hitting nuclear bombs, hitting the Russian soil. And if they weren't hearing from the nuclear command and control. So the idea being that the nuclear command and control had been taken out in this preemptive nuclear strike, the dead hand system would launch all of Russia's remaining nuclear weapons.


Were like, which were like 30,000 at the time. Okay? We'd launch all of them without even needing a hand to push the button, hence the name, the dead hand. So it set up a system to launch no matter what, even if we're all dead. And the idea behind it is kind of part of deterrence. Like, don't you dare launch at us or even our own dead hand will get you. And so when you think about that, you realize there's a long history of suspicion in Russia. And even more terrifying is, I have heard in defense circles and I haven't been able to confirm it, but I have heard that even now the US Defense Department is thinking of creating some kind of a dead hand equivalent because allegedly Russia never got rid of that system.


That's where AI would become a real problem. Yeah, that's a great point. That is a great point. The dead AI hand. Wow, that's a great point. Let's, let's keep what the, let's go back into what life looks like. Okay, So, we, it sounds like, excuse me if I'm mistaken, it sounds like immediate devastation is about 10 mile radius, a hundred miles. You're gonna feel effects. What happens after that? So in the scenario, I have the president making this decision, the bla you know, the six minute window is upon him.


They're waiting for minute eight nine to have the secondary ground confirmation from the, from the ground radar systems. That happens, sir, it's confirmed. The ICBM is coming to Washington, then I have a situation unfold between the Secret Service and Nuclear Command and control based on interviews I did with Secret Service once I realized, wait a minute, the Secret Service's job is to protect the president. As soon as the Secret Service learns that the special agent in charge, the sac in charge of the president learns that there's a missile coming at Washington. He's moving the president period. Non-negotiable.


The Secret Service has a element, a, a CAT team counter assault team. They're kind of like the president's version of Ground branch in essence. A lot of guys go back and forth. So the counter assault team gets called in by the sac within the counter assault team. There's an even tinier group called the Element. An element is a three man team. A three man team is now gonna move the president on Air Force one out of the Wise Hall out of the White House back off. So it's a standoff. Who do you think is gonna win? Who has better equipment? We do the, the CAT team wins.


They move the president much to the chagrin of the STRATCOM commander and everybody else who wants that order while they are moving the president. And there's a problem because I learned that getting a little into the weeds here, but I'm gonna, the, there's an EMP which will happen with any nuclear you're familiar with that Marine one is EMP proof for listeners, it's an electromagnetic pulse that could very easily fry the electronic system on Marine one causing it to crash. So the SAC needs to make sure there are parachutes that they can tandem jump the president.


They're not in Marine one. A detail I learned they probably are now, but they weren't then. So the element has to swing by the White House office, grab the parachutes, they need one for the mill aid, one for the guy who's gonna jump the president and one for the sack. They get them, they get into Marine one. It's a while that is happening. I have in the scenario, a second ballistic missile strikes a nuclear power plant in California, a sub launched ballistic missile. Now I had Ted Postal in pointing to this and Richard Gowin discuss with me whether or not it was plausible whether or not North Korea can actually get a submarine up to the West Coast of the United States.


'cause we know China and Russia can, that's a fact. You learn that later in the book can North Korea. Ted Postal believes that they can. Garland says he doesn't think they can yet. I wanted to have that kind of a debate available for readers to think about. You just don't know until, you know, I take you through the technology of why postal thinks it's possible. They launch the North Korean, they sub launch ballistic missile fires from a couple hundred miles off the west coast. That takes less than 10 minutes. It's like six minutes or something.


While the president is deciding whether or not he's gonna give this counter launch and the secret service is moving him. The power plant is hit. And when the nuclear, the reason I chose the nuclear power plant to be hit is because it's the, it's what's called the devil's scenario. It's worse. It's the worst of the worst, worst case scenario. And I won't get too into the reader, into the weeds about what happens, Why not? I want you to read the book. Okay? But I, no, and I, I I shouldn't say it like that. I say, what I mean is the details.


You, you, if you're me, you almost can't like tell the details in like a 32nd version because it's so profound what happens. And it's so terrifying. And people would say that's, they would never do that. Well there's actually a rule, it's called Rule 42 in the international Committee for the Red Cross that says, you will ne you must never strike A new, a nuclear power plant. That's even with kinetic weapons. We're not talking about nuclear weapons. And so When I was doing this scenario. People, you know, that were sort of mentors. Are you sure you wanna do That I mean? That's against the rules. It was like, well that's the point. There are no rules if you're gonna play Nuclear War.


And then this is before the Ukraine War unfolded. And so when Russia, Russia has now exploded weapons around the zaa nuclear power plant in Ukraine, eight or nine times they have been on backup generator. That's one step away from losing power. That's one step away from a nuclear core materials meltdown. If, you strike a nuclear power plant directly with a nuclear weapon, you will have a nuclear core materials meltdown. The land will be uninhabited all the way to Colorado. Are you serious Fact checked with Los Alamos?


Wow. That's why don don't want to give it away. I want you to have that experience, Sean, where you read it and you're just like, how is this possible? And hopefully the only reason you're stopping to read is to go back into the notes to check is this really true? So That's like a third of the country Rendered uninhabitable. And so that's why the president agrees in the logic of this scenario to the 82 nuclear warhead counter attack, because he learns from his sec death, we just got hit in a nuclear power plant in California. He's gonna send the mother load.


And that's what he does. And that is why things go awry is that decision to send 82. So perhaps the only way the scenario might have unfolded differently. And I did this discussion with former Secretary of Defense, bill Perry. 'cause we talked about this a lot because he thinks about this a lot. He's now in his nineties and he stopped doing interviews. But during covid he and I did a number of zooms going through these scenarios and he, he shared with me that, you know, perhaps a certain kind of president might wait to see the outcome after.


Might not instill the launch on morning policy might wait. But once you see a catastrophic attack, you just, the emotions take over and it's revenge. What is the middle of the country look like When, so 50 some odd minutes later when Russia launches. Okay, so because the president makes the decision to launch the 82, as the weapons fly, he launches 50 ICBMs and 32 SBMs.


The, the 50 can be launched in 60 seconds. That's how long it takes to launch an ICBM once the president gives the command, the joke is the, the, those missiles are called minute men 'cause of the Revolutionary War. But the joke in Washington is they don't call them minute men for nothing. 'cause they take 60 seconds to launch sub launch ballistic missiles take 14 minutes from the time the commander in chief gives that order. The sub has to get into position. It's a little bit more complicated, 14 minutes. And so as the clock is ticking, Russian early warning systems now move into place.


And the Russian early warning systems see the ballistic missiles coming over the pole and interpret them as coming for themselves for them. And then there are other, you know, and I went through experts that are know all about the Russian early warning systems to take the reader through how this happens. And then you go into the command bunkr where the pres, the Russian president is with his advisors who are all almost certainly hawks, who are all almost certainly extremely suspicious of the United States.


And they advise him. And so a thousand nuclear warheads can get launched at the United States. So when you ask what happens to the middle of the country, think of a thousand targets. I have a map drawn based on defense department targets, DOE you know, different documents that have been released over the years, leaked guesstimated, the Whole country is obliterated. And then you have a hundred to 300 square mile ring of fire, a mega fire that's now producing its own weather. You have a thousand of them.


People die from Radia You know blast. They die from You know objects flying through the air. They die from immediate radiation poisoning, and they die from fire a thousand times. And then in we talk about the survivors. Have you looked at what immediate radiation poisoning looks like For that? For that, I tell the story of, and again, this stuff is like, okay, how do you get, how do you, where is that information? Well, I found that information. There was a guy called Louis Sloan who was an original Manhattan project member.


And his death was declassified by Lois Alamos. The doctor's report on his death after he died of radiation poisoning. And I, I source that precisely throughout the book as the, you know, it's a ticking time clock scenario, but I stop and give you little history lessons at moments where you might ask, like, you just asked me that question. I give the reader, what does radiation poisoning look like? And I tell the story of Louise Lotton. He was, he was a member of the Manhattan Project. And after the war was over, he was like, I don't wanna keep making nuclear bombs. I'm out. And they were like, okay, that's fine, but you have to train the next guy. And so at Los Alamos, they went out into this little site, kind of out outside of the lab in the forest.


The building's still there. It's a historical building now. And Sloan was training the next guy how to like work with a, with a plutonium core uranium core. Like this is the center of the bomb. And they were doing this experiment that was so dangerous. It was called tickling the dragon's tail. And Sloan is working on this. And And it, it drops and the, so everybody takes off. And Sloan, what happens to him is like documented in seconds. He dies eight or nine days later. This had been classified for a very long time, but it's been declassified.


And you can, you just learn what happens to his body. I mean, you know, where the, the, the hands blow up the skin, you know, essentially peels off. I mean, it just is so grotesque. Do you really want me to describe it? Yeah, Absolutely. I mean, they tried everything like blood transfusions and you know, his, your body swells up. They're put, they're debriding his hands, they're putting Vaseline on them. His insides begin to, the radiation ruins the lining on your organs, And. So you essentially just become, like, it almost reminded me of, I read a description once of what happens to an Ebola patient.


It's like that, like your, the lining sloughs away and so your organs start to merge and you just have sepsis and then you get gangrene and then you die. And when they cut you open, you're just like soup inside. It's like a Blender. It is a horrific way to die. That's a acute radiation poisoning. The really sinister thing about radiation poisoning is how, first of all, it's invisible, you know, it's not like a burn. And the degrees of radiation poisoning are not necessarily dependent on proximity to the bomb.


And of course the cl if you're really close, you know, ra but you can have acute radiation poisoning far away from. One of the things about the nuclear power plant exploding that's just so crazy is that it's not just the nuclear core materials meltdown of the actual nuclear reactor. It's that every nuclear facility has spent fuel rods. Those are the rods that used to power the, the, the nuclear generator. They're in cooling pools right nearby and they're incredibly radioactive. And when those blast apart, the pieces of the spent fuel rods become entrained in the cloud.


So in that mushroom stem, you have all this radioactive material that's like the size of a marble or a pencil. That's how it was described to me. And it goes up in the cloud and then it moves and then it's dropped. One of those drops near you. You have Louis Sloan type poisoning. Man, man, Where would the survivors be? So are you familiar at all with the nuclear winter theory? No. Okay. So Nuclear winter theory was originally written in 8 19 83. Do you know, have you heard of Carl Sagan?


No. Okay. Carl Sagan was an astrophysicist who like became very famous in the eighties, seventies and eighties. And then he died tragically of cancer. But he, he became a real proponent, an anti-nuclear weapons proponent. And he and his Stu And And, a number of people wrote this theory called Nuclear Winter, where they climbed, they modeled out what would happen after the fires stopped burning. So you have all these fires, and again, we're just talking about the thousand in the United States. The US launched in my scenario a thousand at Russia.


'cause we don't just go, you know, okay, we're gonna, we're all gonna die, so we're just gonna let all of you guys live. We launch And for reasons why I take you through that. So you have, you know, 2000, 3000 nuclear weapons that have gone off. And the modeling on that suggests that after all the fires stop burning And. This is state-of-the-art climate modeling updated since the 1983 nuclear winter theory. So this is still the nuclear winter theory. But now with the technology, instead of scientists like doing, you know, calculations on paper with old computers, these are like really advanced computer systems confirming all of this.


The fires will loft into the air. 330 billion pounds of soot goes up into the troposphere and blocks out the sun. 70% of the sun's rays disappear. And so hence nuclear winter. Suddenly in places like across the mid-latitudes of the globe, you have all bodies become all bodies of water. Freshwater bodies become ice. The ice at the Arctic Circle doubles.


You have a temperature drop around the earth between 27 and 40 degrees Whoa. Wow. Places like Iowa and Ukraine, bread baskets of the world, they become frozen for 8, 9, 10 years. Agriculture fails So. now you have people, any survivors who are, you know, malnourished, suffering from radiation poisoning everyone who they know is dead, fighting over a tiny amount of resources. When the sun returns, you think the sun's back out, but the ozone layer has been destroyed.


So the sun will give you radiation poisoning. So people have to live underground. And this interesting detail I found was, that was shared with me was that like the small bodied animals, the sort of insects, they can bounce back faster and they will reproduce faster than hu than large bodied and animals like you and me. And. So you have pathogens, you have plague, you have like all these horrific, you know, plagues that come with insects and abundance of index. Nevermind all the, that the 5 billion people who died, I mean at some point their bodies thought out.


Think about that. That's like dark beyond dark. One of the original authors of the nuclear winter theory is a guy called Professor Brian Tune. And I interviewed for him for the book. He's been on this issue since he was Carl Sagan's student in the, in 1983 when he, when he was one of the original five authors. And he took me through all of this, you know, and he said to me, Annie, 66 million years ago, an asteroid struck the planet, killed the dinosaurs, and 70% of the species that we know of. He said, Nuclear War would not be unlike that.


So you have to ask yourself, you know, there's nothing we can do about an asteroid strike, but there is something we can do about Nuclear War. This isn't a nation ending event. This is a, It's a civilization ending event. Civilization meaning civilized man. Civilized man. It's over. Einstein was asked if he had like, about what weapons he thought World War III would be fought with. And his response is said to have been, I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.


So after a Nuclear, War man returns to his hunter gatherer state. And the philosophical question I find so interesting to think about is like, here we are humans who have moved in the past 12,000 years from hunter gatherers to like, look at us podcasts, microphones. I flew here, there's a probe on Mars. Do you think, I'm gonna go down a rabbit hole and you can entertain it or not, but have you looked at any of the, have you looked at anybody like don?


Don't wanna mention any names. Have you looked at anybody or looked into kind of the cataclysm type stuff? And And, how civilization just restarts over And, over And over again. You have, what do you think of That? Yeah, I mean we started out this conver I'll read, I read all things. Do you think that this has happened before? I mean, don don't know, but sometimes I try to counter what could be perceived as conspiracy, conspiratorial thinking, shall we say, with maybe a more bookish, You know, concept, which is actually the same thing, right? So let me go back at you with this.


That there's, there was a paper written by like two nerds. And I say that love like two guys with probably, they probably have like five PhDs and you can Google it. It's called the Ian concept. And I think they took the name off of a Doctor who character, if I'm not mistaken. And an interesting thing to think about is, in my experience, digressing for a second before I, a lot of times like super intelligent PhD people, Nobel laureates, science geniuses, they read science fiction. They like to think about the very concepts that you just suggested.


And when you think about it, that's where a lot of DARPA concepts come from. You know, you could say Jules Verne, you know, thought about the submarine before, right? So the Solarian concept were these two PhD people imagining if this, if what you propose is true that there had been advanced civilizations before, how would we present day man see it in the geological record? Which is actually a really brilliant thought. Not talking about like ancient archeology that's like that you're talking about, you know, 12,000 years ago.


They're talking about a million years ago, 2 million years ago or beyond. And they're the only way to to know about that would be to look in the geological record. And I think that is really interesting to think about two things. One that like, that's where it would be and two, that all kinds of people wonder that. And why wouldn't you wonder that? It's a little bit like wondering are we alone? I sometimes think of geology and as you know, people look up to the cosmos, And get really inspired. I often look, I look at the ground I can drive and through the Sierra Nevadas and look at the mountains and have that same thought.


Like Whoa, what was here before, like a long time before. Reason I'm asking is If you, I think it's Turkey If, you, there's all these underground, they're like underground cities, you know? And I, I believe it's Turkey. They have, I wish I had more facts on this. I didn't think we were gonna go here. But I mean, it seems like hundreds of thousands of people could, could live in these underground cities. They never end. They never find the end of 'em. And nobody knows why they were built. And then you're saying the only way you could survive is underground?


Yeah. Yes. I, I know that site. I mean it's very, very interesting and I love thinking about those exact questions that you raise in, in the end of Nuclear War scenario. I take the reader to a different ancient site in Turkey. 'cause Turkey's like super interesting. They seem to have these incredibly old sites that are almost now newly becoming, not necessarily discovered, but becoming sort of more people are aware of them. And I learned that that has to do with the bias from the archeological world that used to look down on Turkey like Greece and Rome or everything.


But Turkey, it's a backwater. Ignore it. So I write about Go Beckley Tap, which is a site in Turkey that is the oldest known civilization to date, like the old before it was found in the mid nineties by an archeologist named Klau Schmidt. And I interviewed the young student who was with him. Schmidt died. But I interviewed Michael Mors about finding this site. Okay? Because before this site was found, there was, the archeologists all had one idea about, man, they had this idea that about civilization rather that man were hunter-gatherers, primitives.


And then suddenly man figured out how to domesticate animals. And agriculture evolved and led to civilization by civilization. That means groups of people doing things together. A team, well, Gobekli Tepi was unearthed and there's a, I have pictures of it in the book. It's, it was a site with, it's like centric circles, almost like a stadium, an ancient stadium. Massive with giant 20 foot tall carved stone pillars covered with non domesticated animals.


By the way, cranes, E BSS foxes, they were hunter-gatherers. They had not domesticated animals yet, as far as we can tell, certainly given the age of everything there. But they were smart enough to create architectural plans. You can't build something like that with like a group of, you know, hunter gatherers. You have to really have a team. So it's upended the way that archeologists get to think about man and about the birth of civilization. And it's super interesting. And what interests me in terms of this book is exactly on the question that you're interested in And.


So am I, which is like, well it's like a twofold question. One, what was going on before? Okay? And two, why is it that we, the royal we a group of people, like get to decide this is what it was and this is how it is and it's just gonna be that way because we tell you so. And you have to balance that out with like, some crazy idea that I might have, you know, out on a hike. But it is worth thinking about. And I think that it opens the mind up to a lot more wonder and also a lot more flexibility.


It makes you think, makes you think, it definitely makes you think. And you know, it's, it's, we're we're kind of off on a tangent now, but I mean, I just, how was, how, how were we not aware of this stuff before The existence of these incredible sites in Turkey? Yeah. I mean during, or, or Any Of them or any During Covid, I went down a archeological rabbit hole because right Yeah. And like, I bought a bunch of books on eBay. 'cause here's the thing, If, you read the original books or rather you, you go back in time and you read books that were printed, then you can get a really interesting different sense on what historians say about it.


And so I read all these books. Archeology only really began in sort of the late 18 hundreds. And I, and I have these books like what people were actually saying at the time about the sites. They were uncovering the goods which they stole, which are now, you know, in the Louvre and the British Museum and everywhere. And it was, that's where I got that I kind of figured out that it had to do with a group of people at the time who were the leading experts, the British and the French deciding this is important, we're gonna study this and we're gonna ignore the rest of it. And that's why Turkey got ignored for a long time up until like the 1950s.


Wow. Interesting, interesting stuff. you know, it's, it's, I I never really, I've watched a couple documentaries on it and you know, the, the the, the commonality between all of 'em is what, what were these people hiding from? Why were they going underground? I mean, thousands. And it could, it could hold thousands and thousands of people. And if I remember correctly, I mean there's, there's don don't know if plumbing's the right word, Yeah, but I mean, they have plumbing, they have, they had everything. Yeah. You know it was, it was capable of holding.


And I never, it never occurred to me to think that it could be, may possibly, excuse me, some type of nuclear fallout shelter. And it's, I mean, almost certainly it had to do with warfare that you would create, I think it's called Darien Kirk, is that right? Darien man, I don know I don Dunno. I mean I almost certainly it has to do with defense, but to create that much of a system underground begs many, many, many questions.


And I think that that's also like why that idea of science fiction is so interesting. Here's a quote from DARPA that the DARPA director said, When I was reporting that book, which is here at darpa, we are where science fiction becomes science fact, right? So you're making me think that site is like a perfect place for like a science fiction novel or.dot do. Because then when you begin to look at it and archeologists are studying it, you realize there is scientific fact here.


And how do you reverse engineer The Truth about that, what it is. Yeah. I think only with people having eyes on it, which is why I think you and I both appreciate all these different ideas that people bring to the table. You don't have to agree with all of them, but they certainly, anything that gets my mind going, i, I consider a value. Me too. Me too. It kind of, it kind of, I don't understand people that just shut it off. you know? It, it's like we were talking about at the beginning, they're, they're, they people, people get too into political figures, their side of things.


It's, it's, it's, people are just too one sided. And I don't know, I don't know why there are not more critical thinkers, but, but man, I love talking to you about this stuff, by the way. This is great Conversation. Well, you know, this is what it makes me think about And, And. I'm really gonna go on a tangent here. It makes me think about what hill do you wanna die on, right? So, so can I tangent here, can I, okay. Absolutely. So I personally think the more different kinds of people you can talk to, the more interesting ideas you can hold in your brain, the more flexible you can be in your thinking, and then the more amicable you are, right?


So the more, the more, more welcoming you are to different kinds of people. And so you just said like, what hill, what hill are you gonna die on? Right? What, why do people get so set in their ways? And I'm just jumping tangent here, but at the hotel where I'm staying here I am in Tennessee. I haven't been here since I was 20 years old. And I'm, I look at the geology a lot of places. And outside the window of the hotel, there's like, I didn't realize Tennessee had so many hills, okay? And that concept, I immediately had this flashback to Billy Wall. Okay? Because the concept of what hill are you gonna die on comes from Vietnam, at least according to wat.


Did You know this? I didn't. Okay. And I didn't either until he told me. But I went with Billy W back to Vietnam. We were gonna go to sson. I wanted, do you know about Cason? I don't. Okay. Cason is like, it's like the equivalent of Fallujah, okay? In the Vietnam War. I mean, it was, it was the, it was the, the fight for Kason as a marine base was just, it's astounding how important that place was because it was the closest to North Vietnam. And what happened there in the books that have, it's just so tragic to me that it's like completely lost to history. But it was this incredibly important base.


All kinds of Americans died there. Billy Wa and I went back there because that's where his, he was with a unit called MV Sog, which is kind of the precursor to ground branch really to, it was special activities division. And they had a base underground, a base beneath the base surrounded by Concertina wild. That's how classified MV Zo missions were. 'cause they were the cross border missions into Laos and We go back to Kason. And we were in a little hotel just like, like not that far from the hotel I'm staying in. And there I am standing with Billy Wall, looking out the window at these hills, not unlike the hills in Tennessee.


And that's when he explained to me, You know where the expression, what hill you're gonna die on comes from. Wow. And he tell, I'm like, no, tell me. And that hill, and now If, you look up anything about Vietnam and for your older listeners, they're sitting there going, I mean the expression, let's take that hill. And it's so powerful and so important and so tragic at the same time, because that is what was being done. All these American boys, these young soldiers, Billy was an old soldier. I mean, by then he was, Billy was different.


He was the guy who raised his hand and said, send me, you know. But so many of these young kids that were sent to war died taking the hill. It was like the defense department was like, we need that hill. And in Caseon you could see them out the window that you could just see the hills and it makes And And. Then I think When I was studying the war on terror and writing about it, you know, and I think about that with like the people I've interviewed who so many of their friends died, you know, essentially taking a hill, not a hill, but fig You know, figuratively. And then here we are talking about the same idea, which is like, what hill are you gonna die on?


you know? Why is it so important to be right about an idea, which you only know some of Yeah Yeah. That's a great point. Let's take another break. When we come back, I'd like to talk a little bit about global strategy with nuclear warfare. Sound good? Yeah. Anything you want.


Those of you that have been around SRS for a while know that we take mental health very seriously here. So seriously that in almost every episode you'll find a segment where we discuss how to improve your mental health. And part of improving your mental health is keeping your mind sharp. And part of keeping your mind sharp is giving it the fuel that it needs to balance energy, focus, cognition, and just regenerating your brain. That triggered me to go on a journey to find the supplement that supports brain health with the cleanest of ingredients on the planet. And I found it, I was actually gonna start my own company and do this, but I found Laird Superfoods. I've partnered with them now. I'm a partial owner and I really believe in these products. Here's my favorite product performance. Mushrooms buy Laird Superfoods Brain Fuel. You can put this in your coffee, you can put it in your tea, you can drink it raw, you can mix it with their greens. You can do all kinds of stuff. Bottom line is this is the best possible supplement with the cleanest ingredients all sourced in the United States that supports brain health. And here's two other products that I'm a fan of, Laird Superfoods creamer. Guess what contains functional mushroom extracts. Put this in your tea coffee. And most of you know, I'm not a caffeine or coffee drinker, but a lot of you are. And they just happen to have Laird superfoods coffee, organic Peruvian coffee with you guessed it, functional mushrooms that support and regenerate your brain. Go to laird superfoods.com, use the promo code SRS, you'll get 20% off. Guys, this is the real deal. These are the finest of ingredients. Check it out. Laird superfoods.com, promo code SRS 20% off.


Thank you for Listening to the Shawn Ryan Show If, you haven't already. Please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. All right, Annie, we're back from the break. We're gonna get into some world strategy when it comes to nuclear warfare. So, we have kind of talked about if North Korea sends Nuclear War heads to the US us returns, they have to fly over Russia. Russia fires on us pretty much automatically, it sounds like.


What about the other, what six nations that have this type of capability, what, so what are they gonna do? So the scenario I write takes place in 72 minutes when the EMP nuclear weapon goes off earlier than that, that was there all along, launched into space by North Korea, disguised as, as a radio satellite. It takes out the entire grid. That's what an EMP exploded 300 miles over the center of the country would do. It's just a massive failure of, it's a colossal failure of everything electric.


And so in essence, the ability to understand what anyone is doing outside what you can physically see disappears. So for that reason, we, that's where the scenario ends. Other than nuclear winter, meaning what did China do? What did Indian Pakistan do? I don't know. But it was done specifically for that idea that continues to interest me is how did man become civilized? How did We go from, how did we figure out how to write?


you know, we only know so much about history back to where people started writing it down. It's just guesswork before then. Archeological interpretation. So man, you know, 5,000 BC figures out how to write. That wasn't that long. So we've had a 7,000 year run of history and once all electronics cease in the world in which we live today, just the information goes, all, everything on your computer is gone. Who writes long hand anymore? Besides me and a couple of others? Not very many people.


Not very many people. So it's the end of civilization, it's the end of history, meaning the ability to report what happened. That's for that same reason. I don't get into the geopolitics in my book, in the scenario of why it happens, many books have been written about that. The geopolitical maneuvering China, the long game, the, you know, the great powers, all of that that's been written by many people. And it's very interesting to think about, but it's not part of this book. This book is here's what happens once the missile launches. Okay.


Did any of your sources start to tangent into that by chance? Interestingly, not really. Interestingly not. No. I mean, we just kept the focus, you only have so much time with the source, you know, and you might wanna just pull 'em back in there. Were, there were reasons to think about that in terms of my other books for sure. Usually it's about how did we deter the Soviet Union, right? The whole, the CIA's paramilitary, which you know about from direct personal experience, was set up to counter the vicious activities of the Soviet Union, as if they were, try whatever they were doing.


It was trying to weaken the United States and then attack us with nuclear weapons. So I've, I've looked at it from all these different angles, but in, in this book, it's just game on then what happens? Okay, and you, you picked, you picked North Korea because, Because Garland loose Cannon made me think about this idea of a mad king, the sort of mad man with a nuclear arsenal, which I mean, I think your reference to suicide bombers is, yeah. And it's a reason why most people in the west would tell you that Iran should not never have a nuclear bomb.


I mean, the fundamentals of their, of their governance is re you know, religion-based. And their ideas about the the end of the world are frightening. I mean, they are a very apocalyptic, they're very apocalyptic in their thinking. Like, the apocalypse is fine. That's not someone you want with a nuclear arsenal. Yeah Yeah. I'm kidding. Do you know how many, how many nuclear warheads the, the other six countries have? How many does India have?


And And also, just to, just to like shout out to anyone who wants to nerd out on this, is that there's an organization led by a guy called Hans Christensen. He writes the nuclear notebook with a team of people, Matt Corda, Ileana Reynolds, and that's at inside the Federation of American Scientists. And they keep track of the nuclear warheads to the best of their ability based on what is transparent. That's why they change every year. So they write these long monographs, which are profoundly important to people like me who has what, where, what we know about them and why.


Really important to understand the system of systems we're up against. So my information comes from them. And so China last year was reported to have 400 nuclear weapons. This year they have 500. That is deeply concerning. The Defense Department believes that in the next 10 years, China will have 1,500. That's deeply concerning. Russia is not building new nuclear weapons, allegedly, neither are we. India and Pakistan are said to have or understood to have about 165, I think it is each.


Okay. But when you really drill down on it, you realize that we don't really know the report. The transparency from them is limited and how much intelligence the agency has on it is anyone's guess. What about our allies? What about UK and France? UK I believe has about 200, and I'm forgetting the exact number of France right now. But the UK is interesting because they have reduced their weapons systems down to only submarines, which is really interesting.


A lot of disarmament advocates believe that the United States for safety and security reasons should get rid of the ICBMs. That they're just too dangerous. That the nuclear armed nuclear powered submarines, they have enough capacity to end civilization in a single submarine. We have 14 of them. So why do you need all of the other equipment? Well, you can get into that whole like, sort of deterrent spin. But that is a legitimate point that the ICBMs are dangerous. The ICBMs are the one also, also that could be misinterpreted as coming over the poll.


you know, the sub launched ballistic missiles can land on a target in under 10 minutes. There's a document that I located in a budget request from the Pentagon asking for more money from Congress. And one of the re one of the reasons they ask for more money has to do with the threats from the submarines that are owned by China and Russia. And I had never seen this map before and I reprinted in the book so that people do not take my word for it. They're like, can say, holy wow, You can't tell where a submarine is moving in real time. They're stealthy.


As Admiral Connor told me, he was the former commander of the nuclear sub forces for the United States. He said to me, Annie, it's easier to find a grapefruit sized object in space than it is to find a nuclear submarine under the sea. Are you serious? That's how stealth, that's from the man who ran the program. Okay, so these are not called handmaidens of the apocalypse for nothing. They can really do everything that you would never want to have happen. So why do we need the ICBMs?


Why do we need the bombers? The bombers aren't even gonna get to the targets in time. I learned from the bomber pilots, they have a multi-hour trip. The, the whole scenario ends in 72 minutes. That you could say has to do with posturing, has to do with the perception of deterrence and has to do with the new, the military industrial complex, which is, I'm not talking about fighter jets for conventional warfare. I'm just talking about the B 50 twos and the B twos that carry our 66 nuclear capable bombers. And they're very threatening You know. Well, whenever we want North Korea to know, we mean business.


We do like drills over the Korean Peninsula. I mean, is that agitating or is it I? don know, I think it just, it lets 'em know we're watching and we've got our eye on 'em could be taken as a threat. But I, it probably is. But I, I don't, I mean, The leader of North Korea recently said, America has a sinister intention to provoke Nuclear War, When I, hear or read that.


And then I think about the UN Secretary general saying, we're one misunderstanding, one miscalculation away from nuclear arm. Again, it's the word miscalculation that troubles me. That's what the scenario is built upon. Because the miscalculation can't be undone in the same way that the ballistic missile can't be recalled once it, its, it's fire and dry grass. Yeah, man, it's, I would love to dive into it. I don't know how it would go, but I would love to, I mean, especially with, with bricks, are you familiar with bricks?


Brazil, Russia, India. Yeah, China, South Africa. It's a, it's basically, it's like the counterpart to and India, Russia, China, they're all in there. you know, And, And, I feel like a nuclear attack would be, I could turn into an alliance against us instead of just one country and then a misunderstanding.


you know, I, I feel like China would probably be in there as well. One of the, And Pakistan, One of the more sort of keeps you up at night things to consider is that, and again, this is just from interviews I did, where we did kind of discuss the geopolitical ideas about things, is that Russia has thought about nuclear weapons for a long time. Their command and control has been in place since 1949 when they got the bomb. The countries that have newer nuclear weapons do not have that same long lens of history and If you also consider what I was told about the knowledge depth of the American present President on Nuclear War.


Should it happen? And you consider, if that's the same for the leaders of some of these other nuclear armed nations that are, you know, not reliable, then you have another problem where you have somebody actually thinking, like you just said, like a Nuclear War, a nuclear strike, could.dot do, instead of realizing you can't ever have a Nuclear War because it would end in Armageddon. Now, before the Ukraine war, I would have told you that the president of Russia knew that and would never threaten that way. So the nuclear threats coming from Putin are so alarming to someone like me.


But they, but then again, they began with the US president, former President Trump talking that way with North. So we're into a dangerous rhetoric that didn't exist 10 years ago. So the US set the precedent to, I believe so To bring up Nuclear War, I believe so. And now, now it's spreading. Now it's spreading. And nuclear threats. Nuclear saber rattling is so dangerous because it somehow minimizes, or rather it maximizes the possibility that, eh, right, and And And that people are talking about tactical nuclear weapons.


I mean, shall I like give you like the sh do you know the difference between tactical and strategic nuclear weapons to listeners? Does? Go ahead. Should I, I mean, in a nutshell, a tactical nuclear weapon is a battlefield weapon. It's just a bigger bomb. But not just because it's nuclear. We, in the, in the Cold War, we were building tactical weapons like they were going out of style. And we've pulled back entirely from that to only having this leading concept of strategic new strategic nuclear weapons as like a euphemism for ballistic missiles. And then our bombers carry, you know, gravity bombs.


But the tactical nuclear weapons that Putin keeps threatening potential use of, or that he moved into Belarus recently. That's like such a, that's like moving the red line in the sand to a dramatic new position, which is saying, this could be a possibility. And I can only imagine what the National Security Council must be going, the gymnastics they must be doing to try to figure out how to position themselves against this kind of rhetoric. Scary, scary stuff. Scary stuff.


Another tangent. Yeah. Why do you think, why do you think we are seeing so much UFO activity around nuclear sites? Well, I was gonna say, what I was gonna say is we're on such a dark topic. Maybe we should talk about UFOs Yeah, right? Which is, which may answer that question. I mean, how do I answer this in a, in, in an interesting, informative way. I mean, I love narrative. I love stories. I love storytelling.


I love talking. It's, I like commun. It's how pe people tell each other stories to communicate. You have to have an interesting story to be able to grab somebody's attention and talk about them. And UFOs are so interesting, the idea that these spaceships would carry people from outer space to us. What could be more interesting than that? So the idea of UFOs to my eye has been around forever. As long as man has been writing history or before he was writing history. When I was writing the book phenomena.


I interviewed Jacques Vallee, who is the sort of perhaps the world's leading EU ufologists. And he co he wrote this amazing book, which I have a copy of, like a hardcover book with beautiful illustrations in it that takes the reader through some of the oldest images in art history. And Jacques has curated them all to show UFOs the idea of UFOs throughout recorded history. It's always been there. The nuclear thing is interesting. I do know that a theory has developed a narrative around this idea that, you know, aliens or people from outer space were somehow concerned that we invented this weapon that could end civilization.


And they therefore came to aid or help or make themselves notice. I mean, it's an interesting narrative. It is an interesting narrative. All different kinds of people have different things to add to that narrative, including Jacques Vallee, including Hal put off, including a lot of these people who are leaders in that in the field. My lens of UFOs comes from very specifically from sources I have worked with who have a different take on that. Who, who see that as part of a strategic deception campaign.


Should I give you a little more detail? Yes, please. Okay. So the early book I wrote, the first book I wrote, area 51 is about a CIA base in the middle of the Nevada desert inside the Nevada test and training range where we set off nuclear weapons. Did you know this? I did. Okay. A lot of, I mean, people know that now and it's great. And then that base is inside an even bigger test and training range where pilots fly out of Nellis. But in the fifties area 51 was specifically set up by the CIA to develop the U2 spy plane, which was this high flying aircraft, 70,000 feet up.


It flew, I mean in 1950, that is just nothing short of a miracle. It was out of the range of Russian surface to air missiles for area 51. I got to interview the guys who built that airplane from scratch. Literally, it did not come with a manual. They built it. I interviewed the pilots who flew it, flew it over the Soviet Union, flew it over, you know, all kinds of places. And it was so secret that Eisenhower knew about it. The director of the CIA and the guys at Area 51 working on it. That's it. That's it.


It was like as, 'cause it needed to be secret because if the Russians knew about it, they'd shoot it down, which they ended up doing with Gary Powers in 1960. So the CIA knew it was inevitable that it would get shot down, but they were just playing with fire until it did. And, but the point of all this is when, when that was flying, it was mistaken for a UFO. Think about something flying 70,000 feet up. People didn't know airplanes fly at 25,000 feet ish. Imagine you're somebody that looks up and also the U2 has these incredibly long wings. So it just looks like a flying cross and the reflection of it, it looks like a UFO 'cause it's not where it's supposed to be.


Yeah, I mean, could you even see it's 70,000 feet? You could and people did, you could tell it was a cross. Well it just, they didn't know what it was. Yeah. But the CIA learned about that and it was like an oh shit moment. you know, our project's gonna become busted open, the public's gonna know about it. And people started writing to their congressmen. I have seen these letters declassified from the CIA, you know, we're really concerned. There's a UFO over their state. And then the CIA decided to use this as part of a strategic deception campaign. Well, let's goose this idea that there are UFOs because it's gonna hide its cover for the, for the actual U2.


Does that mean that every UFO or every UFO sighting is a U2? Of course not. But when you look at that as fact, it becomes interesting in the, in the narrative when the c when the CIA built the follow on plane, which was called the A 12 oxcart. So did you ever see any of the X-Men movies? Oh yeah. Okay. So you know that plane they fly. I do. Right. So that's the SR 71. Okay. That's the Air Force version of it. It's a two seater. The CIA precursor plane, which was totally secret, not declassified till don don't know, 20, 15 years ago, 20 years ago, it was a one seater. It had a CIA pilot in it.


They flew it out at area 51. It went mock three something in 1960 2,300 miles an hour at 90,000 feet. Okay. In 1960, think of what a refrigerator looked like in 1960. Okay? So this was like technology that no one could even comprehend and they had to keep it secret. And in my interviews with Colonel Slater, who was in charge of the whole program, he took me through the exact details of like people seeing the plane even in an an an commercial airplane. The example he gave me was a group of people in a, I think it was an American Airlines flight, saw the A oxcart as it was coming down from 90,000 feet to try to land at Area 51 And And.


They, they saw it and they all thought they saw UFOs and Slater told me the story and showed me some documentation of the FBI meeting the plane in Los Angeles when it landed saying like, you did not see A UFO, you must sign this disclosure paper saying you will never share that you saw A UFO. So it built this mystique in, I mean If you if, if the F FBI I shows up and said you did not see that UFO Who were they doing this to? The civilians on the American airline. They had 'em all. Si. So the point of this is the CIA would use the sort of mythology of A UFO in its to help cover the programs that it's trying to hide.


So was the FBI in on it? The FBI was only the FBI did not know. Good question. The FBI did not know about the A 12 OX guard. The FBI was told make all those people sign the, those non-disclosures. And tell them they didn't see A UFO. So then you have all these FBI agents now who are prone to thinking that was a UFO again, does it mean all UFO sightings are the A 12 oxcart, which doesn't fly anymore? Of course not. Yeah. But If, you have that information. I think you can think more on balance for me But. Yeah. And the deception that the government's capable of. And does And And also, when you're talking about aircraft and airspace, it's very difficult for me to accept that our sacredly guarded airspace is regularly intruded by craft that somebody at the Defense Department doesn't know what it is.


I just have trouble believing that knowing, having written the books that I've written about high performance aircraft. But I don't even bother getting into this argument with, it's not an argument, but this discussion with the people who really believe, you know, that these are UAPs the new term, which I'm fascinated by. Have you, have you looked into Skin Walker Ranch at all by chance? I mean I've interviewed all the guys who were at Skin Walker, not all of them, but many of them. This is before, not the current situation, but this is when Biglow owned it and the original, original team that was there that claimed to have seen the portals and the werewolves and the, and by the way, these are PhDs with DARPA contracts telling me all this.


It's just hard for my brain to conceptualize that other than their perception, you know what I mean? Which is what we were talking about in break, Yeah, Yeah Yeah. With that being said, now, you know, now they see all these radiation spikes, right? As these UAPs UFOs, these phenomenons happen. Have you looked into that at all? Well, I haven't because I would say my first thing would be like, who's they and where are these radiation spike documents coming from? So When I, in other words, When I worked with all the biglow, the people that were at the Skin Walker Ranch when it was Bigelow, it was always an internal situation.


And it was, the documents are bigelows and you can't look at them 'cause they're in his possession. So it seemed like a closed loop. But I do wanna say, and we were talking about this at break, that the analogy that I think of that, of all of this, so that it's clear that I'm not just dismissively self-righteous, which I would never want to be. I'm much more curious than that. But the analogy I used was what I told you about hearing things, right? Like, 'cause I believe this is a issue of perception. What you can see, you know, you think of some people being colorblind. What I see is so different than what they see.


Then I think of, as I told you before, like sometimes, you know, we, we, you have like, you hear a high pitch frequency and maybe it's because you were listening to your ear EarPods too long, or you were You know in an airplane. And so you suddenly say to someone, do you hear that? Because it's You know you hear, you actually hear something. Is that in your brain? Is that in your perception? Is that in the environment? Perhaps when people see UAPs, they are seeing them and others aren't For me, that's my current position on how I think about that.


So are you, are you saying it originates in the mind? I don't, I do not have the answer. I'm just curious about what it might be because, and I'm also, the reason why it's really interesting is millions of people are interested in this. You, we talked about this before. It's, I mean, who wants to talk about nuclear holocaust when you can talk about possible aliens among us, right? Yeah Yeah. But they don't have to cancel one another out. I mean, it's an inter It's interesting what I'm, I mean it's interesting because now even a lot of what astrophysicists are starting to say that the, you know, the expansive universe and the, no matter how far out we look, something will be there.


And And. I think what they're alluding to is that our minds are creating the unseeable universe. Yeah, I mean you had said when we were discussing earlier, like, is it also have something to do with people's perception of religion or spirituality? And what comes to mind on that is one of my favorite thinkers, Carl Jung. Have you ever read any Jung? I haven't. Oh my goodness. I mean, he was just a, he was so interested in consciousness. And And in, he's almost the, like the, I don't wanna say the inventor, but he did a lot of work on archetypes.


What archetypes mean? you know, the wizard, the priest, the king, the queen, the witch archetypes of humans and symbols. And he wrote all about this. He wrote a book on UFOs and that they, that UFOs were the product, the modern day UFOs were the product of people's fear of nuclear annihilation. Very interesting book. But young and ply, all, all a Nobel laureate, I'm forgetting his first name. They were friends and they would have a lot of discussions about the phenomena of UFOs.


And I write about this in my phenomena book because ply had this crazy quality about him that he would go walk into places and somehow disturb the electronics. Okay. So he was like a Nobel laureate physicist. Wow. But like cameras would shut off, things would fall over. This is documented. Are You serious? Re read the book, you'll love this part of it. And he couldn't explain why, but it was known and notable. And so he had some kind of different energy going on or however you wanna interpret it.


But this led to these discussions between Jung and Polly about whether or not ESP was real, because of course ESP extrasensory perception and UFOs often get linked together. And their, their takeaway, one of their takeaways was that what, whenever you're talking about it or thinking about it, you have to think about the age that you are in when you are thinking about it having to do with technology. So again, diluting that down. It's almost like my takeaways, they were saying there's the narrative of it and then there's the technology that exists in the present day.


And then you can begin to maybe think more deeply about the whole issue without getting the answer. Yeah Yeah. Fascinating stuff. Let's, let's get back to nukes. So when you went to Brussels, I would like to talk about your discussions there. And And, how you came up, how you came up on their radar. Actually, yeah, let me, let's go further. Who were you who, what was this event that you were speaking at? Yeah, it was a nuclear expo put together in Brussels.


The host was the ICRC, the International Committee for the Red Cross, the Norwegian Red Cross, the Belgian Red Cross, and the Norwegian people's aids. There was many doctors, physicians who were there as well because the emphasis of the symposium was on what nuclear weapons do to the human body. How horrific of a weapon it is. Not just to war fighters who are, you know, sign up for war or are drafted into war, who are fighting a war, hopefully away from the civilian population.


But rather that nuclear weapons kill millions of civilians indiscriminately. And their job, these organizations, these aid organizations is to put the emphasis on that so that they can have more people interested in kind of open the, open the pathway to why regular people like you and me should be thinking about nuclear weapons. And it shouldn't just be left to the military or the geopolitical thinkers and And And because it's in brussel. The members of the European parliament were, were there, were invited. And I took questions from some of them, some of us, many of us did. So these organizations have been hard at work for decades on this issue and they don't want it to go away.


What Were some of the most relevant questions in your opinion that you were asked? I mean, it was a day long. you know, there were panels, there were, I was the keynote speaker. It was an incredible honor. The other main speaker was a 80-year-old woman who was a Akia, I'm, I'm not saying the word right, but that is a survivor of If. You're a survivor of the Nagasaki or the Hiroshima bombing. Wow. She was 80 years old and she was one year and 10 months old when Nagasaki destroyed her city and she survived. Wow. So that gives you some context of who I was with.


But back up for a second. 'cause you asked me how I wound up there because this might be interesting. I was the book published in the end of March and I was doing a book event at a bookstore in Washington DC called Politics and Prose. And normally authors just sign books and you maybe give a little talk. But for this event, I had asked two colleagues to participate. One was John Wolf Tal, who was the, A national security advisor to President Obama. And the other was Lieutenant General Charles Moore, who just retired as the Deputy Commander of Cyber Command. And before that he was in the Pentagon, the running, the J three, maybe it was the J two beneath, you know, so reporting directly to the joint chiefs.


And before that he was running Nuclear War scenarios for norad. And so you could say that Obama's You know dis National Security Advisor was on the side of kind of disarmament. And you could say that General Moore was on the side of military nuclear command and control because that's The Truth. So these are maybe even two people that don't normally have a conversation with one another. Yeah, they might consider themselves on different sides of the aisle. But again, one of my great, hopefully the good kind of pride of my reporting is that I talk to both, I talk to everybody and in fact want them at my book signings to have a conversation.


And we had this profound conversation. It was so excellent. It's on tape and there the audience was filled. I mean there was standing room only and there were two really interesting people in that audience. I mean, everybody was interesting. All the questions were interesting. But the director of Los Alamos Nuclear Laboratory was in, the current director was in the audience. No kidding. And he came up to me, asked afterwards and asked me if I would speak at the lab. And I said, of course. And he said, many people at the lab designing the, you know, nuclear future, don't know what's in my book.


They're under five year employees at the lab. I mean that's astonishing. Super grateful for his candor about that. And another person that was in the audience was with NTI, which is a disarmament group that is affiliated with the Nuke Expo. And I think between the two of them, that's how I wound up at the Nuke Expo. So you ne you just show up and do your book signings and you never know what can come of it. Wow. Wow. When are you going to speak at Los Alamos? I, it hasn't been arranged yet, but I'm really intrigued by that. And, you know, here's another thing. I know you're not a big fan of Hollywood necessarily, right?


I will convert you yet, I know you trained Keanu shooting for John Wick. So that's another story. We then we roll reversal, and I ask you questions, but, so films, Hollywood Lo, the Oppenheimer movie, which you may or I may not have seen, it was such a billion dollar success around the world. And from what I understand from my sources at Los Alamos, it profoundly imp impacted Los Alamos. Meaning I've been reporting on nuclear weapons for, what, 15 years now. And Los Alamos has always been like this with me. I've been there, I've been to their library, their archives, but they're, they'd always been like this as if the journalist is somehow the opponent, as if Joe or Jane Public is somehow the opponent.


And Oppenheimer seems to have shifted that suddenly Los Alamos, at least the historian there, Glen McDuff shared with me, has gotten like softer. They've been in, they were inundated with questions about the lab after the Oppenheimer film by regular people wanting to know things. And they responded with a kind of openness and transparency that if you're a journalist, you think is a great thing. And I think that effect may have also carried up to the top, and that's why the director was at my book signing as opposed to, I'm excited for you.


That's gonna be really cool. We're kind of all on the same page when you really think about it. Like no one should be for Nuclear War. Yeah. The question is, should no one before nuclear weapons, What are some questions I should be asking you that I haven't asked yet? I mean, I think it's just so interesting that we get to have a conversation where we kind of go back and forth and down the rabbit holes, because I think that's where the more interesting thoughts happen, you know, and also the takeaways.


you know, sometimes you go away from a conversation a little bit changed about an idea or excited to explore a new idea. you know, I also think it's interesting that we have probably a number of colleagues in common, but since those worlds are classified, I only know their code names. And you only know their code names, Different code names, and They're Different. You might know their real name. I might know the code name, I might know the real name or vice vice versa, you know, code name. And yeah, that's a, that's just a part of living in that world, you know, it's, it gets a little confusing.


But how do you, this is back to the Eisenhower question. I mean, what is your take on how you balance, you know, liberty and defense and If? you parse out liberty. You want security, you want times of peace. You don't want war. you know, I often think about the president's options. you know, he has diplomacy. That's his first option. He has war. And then the third option is covert action, which you were involved in, which I've written about. So the idea would be, you know, to be living in a permanent state of diplomacy, but that's not practical.


How do, how do you think one balances liberty and security? Wow, that's a tough, tough question. But I mean, I think it's definitely constantly has to evolve because we gain enemies, we lose enemies, we gain allies, we lose allies. We, I mean, we just, as America, we have so many targets on our back and we have so many enemies throughout the world, which, which with a lot of 'em, I can't, I can't even blame 'em.


you know, I, I, on the show, we, you know, I, I talked to you this morning and we told you how this podcast kind of started And. It was all former colleagues, And And. We dissect, I'm getting off on a tangent here, but we dissect, you know, the, are we the bad guys in some of these scenarios? Interesting. And, you know, after, wow, after 20 plus years of You know this generation's war, the g wat should we have been in Iraq, how would we have acted if, if, if we were invaded by a country, would we have fought against the invading country?


And, And, And, And You know, it opens up a really interesting discussion. 'cause a lot of people think that we maybe, maybe we're not the good guys in all of these conflicts. And but back to your question, security diplomacy. I mean, you, you, in my opinion, we, you have to take into account that we have a lot of enemies. Whether we created them, whether they just hate us. That that doesn't, that's another discussion. But With as much as we have going on, we have the world currency.


We, I mean we, we, we, We are the superpower. And I don't, as much as I would love to say, yep, we should all, we should get rid of our nuclear warheads, strive more towards peace. I just, I don't think that's a viable option because we're the world's superpower. We have a lot of targets on our back and And And, we have to, we have to be able to show force. We have to have people know, you know, somewhat what our capabilities might be and that there will be repercussions if, if they launch anything at us.


And as far as balancing that, man, it's, I don't know. I haven't thought about that. I it's in, when you say we have a lot of targets on our back, you know, it sends like a shiver up the spine because it's absolutely true. And when just when you're thinking diplomacy is everything, you must always couple that with we are a target and there are enemies out there. I wonder perhaps more than any other book I've written, this book has made me wonder about POTUS as a concept, not political, not him or him as a concept, the president of the United States.


Because an interesting thing happens when many presidents, this is, this speaks to your point of like, could we ever get rid of nukes? I don't know. And then we think of the deterrence con, many presidents go into office and I mean many, like almost all the modern off the modern presidents learning a little bit about nuclear weapons before their debrief, their presidential debrief. And then you hear them say things like, I'm going to get rid of the launch on warning policy. It's inexcusably dangerous. So you, they hear things as a, as a civilian, and then a mysterious thing happens.


They get into office and they learn something that then you never hear from, that you never hear or talk of that again. And I wanna know what it is they hear. Hmm. That's a great point. I mean, I sometimes feel like it's a, a metaphor for that has to do with the immigration crisis, right? And again, not to politicize it, but like, I mean, let's just say a baseline that everyone could agree that illegal immigration is a bad thing because it's illegal and we are a nation of laws and you wanna have rule of law.


So that's all that, right? But as a concept, you hear the same thing. You hear presidents have really big ideas about immigration and then, and they say certain things, they espouse certain things. I mean, president-elect or you know, running for office candidates and then they learn something and you never hear from it again. And I know that that has changed a little bit in, in the past few years because immigration has become a different issue. But you get the analogy like, what is it that POEs learns that we, the people don't get to know about these issues on completely opposite sides of the existential threat margin maybe or may, right?


But kind of exist as equal threats. What do they learn and why can't we know that? Yeah. What information are they getting that that that changes their mind? Maybe it's not information, maybe it's money. And I have that same thought, meaning whatever information they're giving they're getting is perhaps a moneyed piece of information. Meaning a lot of money has gone into telling the president that whatever that is. I mean, back to, sorry, I'm, yeah, I got the security versus diplomacy running through my mind.


Okay. I mean, I, I think we kind of, I kind of talked about it a little bit at the beginning and I, I think If, you want to, 'cause essentially we're talking about no nukes worldwide starting here. I I think the, the only way I could see that happening is by influencing the military industrial complex companies with money to develop better de defense systems to develop the next generation weapon. Maybe that is ai, I don't know.


But, but you have to have something that defeats nuclear capabilities And Or something that's more powerful than a nuke to add to your arsenal that doesn't necessarily need to be mass destruction. Maybe it's, I mean it's, it's, it's, I don't know what's possible, And. I'm not a physicist. And And. I'm not an inventor. Maybe we could get our buddy Chris Beck on Yeah here and he'll tell us. But, but you know, maybe it's, maybe it's some type of a laser weapon from space maybe. Who knows? you know? But I, I think that's the only viable way that we could, we could essentially get rid of our nuclear program is, is by better, better defense systems.


That's that, that, that is proven to work and a more capable weapon system. That is that, that, you know that. And so what's interesting and problematic is at the end of that statement, which you just, when you're thinking that sounds, then you realize, wait a minute, now I'm caught in the nuclear deterrent. Now I'm caught in the military industrial complex loop And, the deterrence loop, which seems to be a moneyed, again, an a, a loop that's of an, an empire of money. Wa an empire of industry wants to exist as a paradox. The directed en, the the laser weapons, by the way, are a massive program at the defense department.


They're called directed energy weapons. And When I was asking about that. Like why, what makes them more powerful? And I got a great answer, so I'm just gonna share it with you. 'cause it's like, it seems so hard to comprehend sometimes like laser weapons. But it was the inventor of the laser who shared this with me, Charles Towns who died at the age of 99 and gave me his last interview at like age 97, still clear Isabel and speed. So a laser moves at the speed of light. So that even shortens the 33 minute ballistic window.


You could have a laser weapon on the moon, and you're talking about less than a second. So, but then you have the problem. Oh, laser weapons aren't any kind of solution for anything having to do with no nukes. It's just a whole different set of weapons for the military industrial complex to promote and build and then watch the other side promote and build. And so you have to have new systems. It's the self looking ice cream cone as they call it at darpa. Yeah. So the new nukes idea I really do think exists, and I'll end with, you know, I, and I want to get this in because I was influenced by the, the Nuke expo.


I was influenced by meeting the physicians against nuclear weapons by meeting people who survived an atomic bomb. And by hearing them talk about how this is possible to reduce nuclear weapons and they use the word taboo and they And And. I thought that was interesting. Me who loves narrative. It just the simple, oh right. Biological weapons have become taboo. No one sits around and says like, our arsenal of bubonic plague weapons is better than your arsenal and we need some more and we need to update them and we need better delivery systems. And faster no one says that.


They say, my god, a bubonic plague weapon, are you insane? And what the doctors and the humanitarians are attempting to do, which is a very noble effort, is put taboo on nuclear weapons, demonstrate how horrific they are to people, and then begin the reduction from all the nations. And they can say ideally to zero, perhaps the pragmatist would say at some point, you, okay, maybe everybody keeps a few, is the world going to end with a few nuclear weapons?


Well, certainly not with the same assurity then with thousands of them. How do you do that? How do you put, how do you label 'em Taboo? They're, how do you label them taboo? Yeah. Well, How do you start That I mean? Listen, it was a great honor to have some of these people say to me, great job, thank you for writing the book. You just condensed down and made our our job a little bit easier. Which is not what I intended me, who was worried about fear mongering in air quotes, why I asked all of my sources. I mean, this book is frightening. People read it, the Amazon reviews are like, oh my God, I read it in one sitting because I had to know how it end, how it ended.


But then on this idea of taboo. And so at the, at the convention, I met a doctor named Dr. Carlos Umana, and he's part of the international, he's a part of a group of physicians that are working to get rid of nuclear weapons. And he himself was a recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize in 2017. And he said to me that he and his colleagues were going to meet the Pope on May 10th. And he asked me if I would inscribe a copy of Nuclear War A Scenario for the Pope as a gift so the Pope could read it and in a condensed manner, understand what nuclear weapons do to people.


And writing that out is pretty cool. Wow. That is, that's incredible. So you don't know what will happen on your journey in life, If, you just keep showing up. Yeah, no kidding. Well, wow. Wow. Is it, has that happened? May 10th they meet with him, but I did write the inscription, you know, to his holiness Pope Francis. Oh man, that is so cool. Congratulations. That's that, that's, you know, I had to Google that. Yeah. What do you, how do you, right. You can't know everything.


I didn't know how to Yeah Yeah address the Pope. Yeah. Wow. That is, that's really cool. That is, that is, that's something. Congratulations. That is very cool. Well, Annie, this is, this has been a fascinating discussion and we were gonna dive into some more topics, but off camera, I had expressed how much I love talking to you and how much I'm have, how, how I love this conversation. And I don't think it would do this interview justice to try to compile some of your other work into this episode.


And so we'll keep it at Nuclear War with, with a little bit of UFO stuff. And, and I can't wait to have you back. Thank you so much for having me. I'm Really looking forward to that. So it was an honor to have you here. It was an honor to be here. Thank you. What A show you have. And congratulations to you on the massive viewership, listenership, getting the word out, helping people to realize we're all so much more alike than different. Thank you. That means a lot. And so I can't wait to see you again. Your book, all your social, everything will be linked in the description. So everybody go by Nuclear, War, A Scenario, and Annie, I love this conversation.


I love talking to you, and I can't wait to see you again. Thank you so much.


Check out the podcast that inspired Taylor Sheridan's latest series Landman. There's a stretch of road in royal rich region of West Texas. This region of West Texas, known as the Permian Basin, is in the midst of the biggest oil boom in history. This is a story of roughnecks, billionaire wildcatters, and wannabe dreamers. My name is Christian Wallace from Texas Monthly and Imperative Entertainment. This is BoomTown BoomTown. Wherever you listen.