
Listen up because you're all gonna wanna pay attention to this Pre nine 11. the US was given several warnings by a man named Ahmad Masu leader commander of the Afghan National Resistance Front. Those warnings stated that there was a imminent terrorist attack that was going to happen on US soil, and his warnings were completely ignored by the administration at the time. and we all know how that ended. It ended with the World Trade Center falling to the ground, killing thousands and thousands of Americans putting us in a 20 plus year war.


Now, Massou was assassinated two days before nine 11, and he survived by his son also Ahmad Massoud, who's following in a parallel pattern of his father's footsteps. Also, now the leader of the Afghan National Resistance front, And Massou is once again warning the United States, that there is an imminent threat for a terrorist attack to take place once again, right here on US soil, And, once again, his warnings are falling on deaf ears and being completely ignored.


In fact, as DC tries to cover up the way the Afghan withdrawal happened, they've blacklisted him from coming to the us and so SRS has taken action. We've created a petition. The link is below in the description. and I urge every veteran who fought in the global war on terrorism to sign that petition. And, if you have a family member who fought in that war, SIGN THE, PETITION And. if you're a citizen who's concerned that what Masu is telling us is actually true, and there is an imminent threat to the US, that there will be a terrorist attack.


I urge you to SIGN THE PETITION. We're gonna get THE PETITION to Representative McCall, who is chairman of the House of Foreign Affairs Committee. He's over the State Department. He can get Masu in front of Congress so Congress can hear what that ban has to say about these threats and about the way that withdrawal happened. Trust me, this is an all of our best interest. SIGN THE PETITION links in the description.


Commander Massou, welcome to the show. Thank you so much for having me. It's a Pleasure. It's an honor to have you here and Thank you pleasures all, Man. We've been trying to piece this together for several months now, and I just kicking it off. I wanna say Thank you to legend for setting this all up, because without him it wouldn't have happened. And I personally believe this is the, this is the most important interview that I've ever done. And, and I'm really excited to get started. Thank you very much. It's a pleasure to be here and Thank you so much for having me. And of course, thanks, legend and all the friends who facilitate for this, it means a lot.


and I, hope for us have a good time here. Me too, me too. and I also wanted to say that this really pains me to say this, but I want, I. just want to Apologize for the, the way that the United States has abandoned you, the NRF, the people of Afghanistan, the way the withdrawal happened. And I want you to know that despite how it may look, a lot of veterans are rooting for you guys. We want to help.


We don't necessarily know how to help. I'm hoping we can get into that a little bit in the interview. But I, I I just want you to know that a lot of the American people are rooting for you guys and, and want to support. And the way that that withdrawal happened and the way that we abandoned you is no representation of the majority of the American population. Of Course. And Well, well Thank you very much first and foremost. you have nothing to apologize for. And also, the great nation of the United State of America and the people of United State of America, they have always supported the people of Afghanistan and they supported the refugees who went and stayed in America.


So the people have absolutely nothing to apologize for. And we are very much grateful for all the support and, and of course the policies. Unfortunately, in the past years, it has not been in the favor of, in my opinion, both Afghans and Americans. And so therefore that is questionable. But that has nothing to do with the will of people of America. They are a great nation and great friend of a Afghanistan. Thank you, Thank you. Let's get in with the interview. I'd like to start with a introduction. Commander Ahmad Massoud, leader of the national Resistance front of Afghanistan, son of the late anti-Soviet and revolutionary commander Ahmad Shah Massoud after the assassination of your father by Alqaeda.


Just days prior to nine 11, commander Massoud eventually went onto the UK where he received military training at Sandhurst Military Academy also pursued war studies at King's College in London. In 2016, Mr. Massou returned to Afghanistan and became the CEO of the Sued Foundation supporting top students across Afghanistan. In 2018, you officially entered Afghan politics and started a political movement that continued in your father's footsteps of decentralized and multicultural Afghanistan. Following the Taliban takeover in August of 2021, you refused offers to evacuate Afghanistan and instead return to your father's former battleground in Pan Valley To form the national resistance front of Afghanistan.


Despite overwhelming odds, you continue to lead the national resistance front against the harsh rule of the Taliban, where they serve is a long vanguard against the growing influence of international terrorism. In fact. you have had multiple assassination temps on your life. Your hobbies include Persian poetry and astronomy, In fact, very much intended to pursue the field of astronomy, astronomy until tapped on the shoulder to lead your country in the name of your father, the title and the title of your new book and the name of my father.


So one more thing we gotta get out of the way before we get into the interview, I have a couple of gifts for you. Oh, Thank you Thank you very much. So this is from Elma, Washington, and they are proclaiming September 9th Masu day. Thank you, Thank you very much. You're Welcome. Thank You Thank you. You're Welcome. and I also wanna say that my hometown in Franklin, Tennessee has also done the same exact thing. Wow. Which is very cool to see. Thank you and then one other gift being who you are. I know you're very security conscious. this is a phone Thank You.


So that phone Thank you, we took this very seriously and we set up this entire interview on that phone. That phone cannot be tracked by Google, Amazon, big tech. There's some secure messaging platforms on there. I think we both know Eric Prince. Yes. He developed that phone and he asked me to, to gift you that. So Well Thank you very much, sir. You're welcome. Thank you so much. And please thank him as my behalf too. It's a, it's a great gift. I will, privacy and security is always a concern these days. And so I thought absolutely, yes. There would be nobody better to give that to than you. So Yes. Thank you, Thank you. Very much.


So. To start off, I'm, I'm gonna be honest, I was very surprised that you were, that you took this interview knowing how your dad was assassinated for doing an interview. Yes. Would you like to go into that at all? Well, there has been a lot of attempts on my father's life throughout his life from the time that probably the most notorious as by agencies at that time, KGB was trying to assassinate him multiple times that he survived to after that the Taliban and Al-Qaeda many times that finally they, they succeeded.


Although there has been some warnings to my father that be careful with interviews, be careful with cameras. But my father always wanted to pass the message as broad as possible and as far as possible to bring awareness of Afghanistan that Afghanistan needs to be paid attention to. So I believe he felt taking the risk was worth it in exchange for ex expanding the message and expressing the, the grave situation of Afghanistan. And that's exactly what I do beside that, that I know you, so this was not, this was not a, a question of rescue or worry.


So this was, this was all just fine. Perfect. Could we get into a little bit, I want to give the audience some context that don't know much of the history about your father and, and the parallels that you have. And so I remember my first, I've been to Afghanistan more times than I could count. I remember the very first time I landed in Kabul airport going through Massou Circle, an iconic circle. And so many things are named after your father. Can you go into a little bit of the legacy of Yes. What your father was about? Sure. Well, first and foremost, my father has been always very much famous for being a, a military genius.


He managed to withstand multiple major attacks by the Russians and managed to withstand against the might of global terrorism. And he managed to bring unity against such sort of chaos. And he was the centerpiece in fighting against the Soviet and a fighting against the terrorism in Afghanistan. He's very much famous for being the national hero of Afghanistan, the saving country multiple times from such invasions, from such chaos and crisises. However, at the same time, he proved to be as a very political genius to that his decisions, his farsighted, for example, knowing what would happen, what, nine 11 for example, that months before this he warned United State of America and he warned the world that the issue of Afghanistan would reach to the soil of America and it would be catastrophic.


And exactly that happened. So his foresight, his charisma, his honesty to his people and his devotion that he never allowed himself to leave his country. And he was ready. And ultimately he did and give the ultimate price, which was giving his own life. So that devotion and that sort of charisma and that love for his country and that hard work is something that created not just a legacy of a genius, but a legacy of hope. So what I can basically conclude is that my father was a symbol of hope for people.


And his values was to the extent that people who were his enemies, like Russian generals, they admired them, his enemies admired them, and his fame and his sort of love went all the way from Argentina to South Korea to Japan, to across the world that the people who got to know him, they fell in love with that idea, with his cause and his determination to follow those values. He was a man of principle, it's My understanding. He was, he was assassinated on September 9th Yes.


By Osama Bin Laden, correct? Yes, yes. Two days before nine 11 happened. Yes. Do you know why they assassinated him? Before nine 11, Of course, Al Qaeda had a plan to take over Afghanistan and ultimately their goal was to expand their sort of government across the globe and have that their, which is against all the values of Islam, their Islamic halah, which is something they wanted. And they found out that there is a obstacle on their way to do it.


They needed a territory. And the best territory was a war, war torn country called Afghanistan, that they have already been there for many years because of fighting against the Soviets. So they felt this war torn country is the bay the best place that they can explore, expand and train and recruit. And from there make it a jumping ground basically to go to and spread to across the world. But one thing they didn't realize, and they didn't take into account was the presence of Aman called Ahmad. Shah Massoud that created a resistance against such idea.


And he was a symbol of Muslim mod moderation, Islamic moderation, which is the majority of Muslims, that they do not share anything with those extremists like Al-Qaeda and those terrorist groups. So when he has stood against him, he was far more dangerous to Al-Qaeda than American the others, because first he was representing Islamic majority or mu majority of Muslims. Second, he was on the ground fighting against them, and he managed to defeat them. Time after dime on Battle Camp. We had video evidences that you can find it even on YouTube of these terrorists, Al-Qaeda terrorists, that we captured them and they were detained in our prisons.


And my father had them in his prisons as a proof that Al-Qaeda is alongside Taliban in this fight. And we had people from chich, people from different part of Africa, these global terrorism alongside the Taliban. They were fighting against my father. So all of the, all of the terrorist organizations were working together against your father's resistance. Yes. Yes. And they did not succeed. My father, with his companion and with the rest of people of Afghanistan, they fought all alone for many years against the Taliban and their allies, which was international terrorism like Al Qaeda.


And he not only managed to resist and prevent it, that at later stages, the Al-Qaeda and Taliban realized that he was undefeatable on the ground, just the way that the Russian realized he's undefeatable. So when it happened, Al-Qaeda changed their tactic. Their tactic was that now that we cannot defeat them in the battlefield on the ground, let's assassinate them. And this was the second phase that they started planning. One plant failed, the second plant failed, the third plant failed. And the last plant that the same group that the, and the team of Al-Qaeda, which managed to create the chaos and the tragedy of nine 11, same group planned my father assassination.


And this is why we believe these two were intertwined. So if one wouldn't happen, the other one wouldn't been carried away. So if my father assassination wouldn't be successful, the nine 11 wouldn't happen because they wanted that without ah, Maud. And with this creating this sort of heading America and telling the, all the sort of their companions that, look, we even hit America. They would bring this sort of attention of their fellow comrades to come and Afghanistan, we are now here. Ahad Masud is gone. this is our sanctuary. So when they assassinate my father, they carried out the attack at nine 11. But luckily the sort of intervention happened and the Taliban ultimately with the, with help of international community and international forces and with the forces of national front of Avanan, they were defeated.


So that is what happened. Do you believe that there, they may have also assassinated him because they knew that US and NATO forces would ally with your father's resistance? Of course, one thing is that they knew that if without help, ahed sha Masu cannot be defeated, imagine with help, This was another thing that they knew. First thing they had to do was to get rid of Ahmad Sha masud. Otherwise Ahmad sha Maud with empty hands, he can manage to do it, not only to withstand that.


Slowly, slowly. I remember at the latest years of first resistance against the Taliban, my father was actually training in preparing police officers. And that is not for attack, it is for capturing citizen. this is for, for for maintaining order. So my father was preparing to regain the rest of the country and to establish order. And he knew my father. And many of his interview he indicates, and he states that now the Taliban will never be able to achieve military success no more. From now on they will be on the losing side. But they came up with the assassination plan and it was the first suicide attack in the history of Afghanistan.


Wow. Yes. It never happened before that. That's why it was something that we never been prepared with because we never knew such heinous attack can happen. We never had, we never had experience of it. It came to my attention before this interview that your father actually warned of imminent attacks on US soil. Yes. Prior to his assassination, which to my understanding fell on deaf ears. Is that Correct? Yes, absolutely. Yeah. Now you're here 20 something years later, Same deaf ears Warning America that there's another come, another coming attack.


Yes. Is that falling on deaf ears as well? Unfortunately, yes. It's like history repeats itself and we all know where Iman, he was hiding. And we all know what se leader of Alqaeda has been called, his fellow friends and colleagues to come, which he said he clearly indicated. And he said, all of you, come to Afghanistan now. Afghanistan is a safe haven for us and we cannot ignore. In the latest incident, very sort of scary incident that happened in America, that from the souther, the southern border, many terrorists, they went inside United States and luckily they got captured.


Imagine if they were a bit too late, what would happen? Well, My concern is it's only eight has been captured. Do you have Any estimation on how many may have already entered the us and


continue? Ladies and gentlemen, we're getting closer to the edge of collapse. We see things falling apart around us and this is just what we're being told in the mainstream media. Folks are fighting back and investing in emergency food storage. You should too. We need to prepare for when the facade falls and we're gonna be left on our own. Get prepared at My Patriot Supply dot com with My Patriot Supply, the nation's largest emergency preparedness company. You'll be ready. Over the years, My Patriot Supply has helped over 3 million American families prepare for emergencies. My Patriot Supply also sells solar generators, biomass stoves, gravity powered water filters, heirloom seeds and critical survival gear. Each ready hour emergency food kit contains delicious breakfasts, lunches, dinners sealed inside heavy duty, four layer packaging that lasts up to 25 years. You'll get over 2000 calories every day. You're not ready. If it's not ready, our foods go to My Patriot Supply dot com today, order by 3:00 PM and your order will ship that same day in unmarked boxes. My Patriot Supply dot com,


history economics, the great works of literature, the meaning of the US Constitution. Did you study these things in school? Probably not. Or even if you did, maybe it's time for refresher. Time and technology have changed a lot, and that's why it's important to learn the fundamentals. That's why I'm excited that Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important and enduring subjects. You can learn about the works of CS Lewis, the stories of the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale Colleges online courses all available for free. That's right free. I personally recommend you sign up for ancient Christianity and this 11 lecture course you'll study the inspiring stories of Christ in the first four centuries of Christianity. The course is self-paced, so you can start whenever and wherever. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale edu slash ss to register.


you know, I've seen a lot during my time as a Navy SEAL and a CIA contractor, and I've learned even more hosting this show. The one thing I can tell you for sure is that it pays to be prepared. Right now with our national debt surging to unfathomable levels, global tension rising in the corruption and Washington, ask yourself, are you prepared financially? Me? I'm buying gold and silver so I'm not caught off guard by the next recession or global conflict. And I've teamed up with one of the top gold IRA companies, gold Code to make that happen. So I want you to go to sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. You'll get a free 2024 wealth protection kit from Goldco Plus you may qualify for up to 10,000 in bonus silver while supplies last. So go to sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold and get your bonus silver today. Once again, that's 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. Or visit sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


Well, I believe many. It's, it's, it's very concerning. Indeed. I know you have some very prominent intelligence officers under your command. Yes. Are they tracking any of that? Well, at this stage, because of our limited resources, I'm very much focused on what's happening in Afghanistan. We are able to track a lot of these things in Afghanistan, but as soon as they go beyond the borders of Afghanistan, our resources do not allow us to to, to operate in that scale. To be very frank and honest. However, we are very much aware and all day until it indicates the people do come from outside Afghanistan for training inside Afghanistan.


They do get training inside Afghanistan and they do leave Afghanistan to where we don't know. But those things that inside Afghanistan we have sort of eyes and ears. We know that that process is happening, coming, getting the training and going, where do they go? We don't have resources to track them. Why, why is Afghanistan a, a, the prominent training center for terrorism? Because it doesn't have a legitimate government. Because the regime which is in charge right now in Kabul has the same ideology as the rest of the terrorist groups. Is that The only country that that is like this? It's the main country right now in the world.


Right now there are more than 21 terrorist groups active in Afghanistan, Al-Qaeda, Ja Adler, TTP, Anah, Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, the igs and many, many other terrorist groups, regional and international. They are active in Afghanistan. Is There a difference between Isis, Al-Qaeda and Taliban? Yes. The difference is that Isis very young and they don't have the experience of Al-Qaeda and Taliban. So they cannot hide their intention as well as Al-Qaeda and Taliban, Al-Qaeda and Taliban.


They learned from the first time they came that if they explain, if they expose their true nature, there will be resistance against them internally and externally. So therefore they have to keep it local. They have to say that, no, we don't care about the other countries. We are just going to impose same ideology and mentality on people of Afghanistan and Afghanistan. We don't care about the rest of the country. But ISIS is too young and they are expressing their own sort of intention. However, on ideology, there are just two side of one coin. Let me tell you something, Sean, what is difference in activity that ISIS do, which makes them worse than Taliban?


I challenge whoever says that they, they are different. What is one activity or one action or one thing ISIS do that the Taliban doesn't, which makes Taliban better than them? I challenge whoever. Just one. I can't think of anything. The only thing that I can think of is that they are new. Yeah. And they public, they, they seem to publicly display the atrocities that they do to human beings. Yes. On a global scale. A lot more than Taliban. Exactly. But that's from my perspective, Of course, you are absolutely right because they don't have the experience of Taliban and hiding and being patients.


And to have a strategic planning about Taliban and Al-Qaeda, because it's been more than 30 years, they're fighting. They possess that knowledge and they possess that skill to hide it better and to plan for long-term benefits and interest. So the United States is funding the Taliban to my understanding, yes. 40 million up to $87 million a week. Yes. Going directly to Taliban. Yes. The terrorist organization that the US and the resistance fought for 20 over 20 years.


Yes. Two decades. My question is what is the, what is the, looking at it from a 30,000 foot view? Yeah. What is the goal of Taliban for Afghanistan? The goal is to have the ultimate sort of control in Afghanistan to impose themself on people of Afghanistan. To tell them you have no choice. you have to just accept us to create their own radical extremist dictatorship in Afghanistan. And from that, create these sub terrorist groups and export it under different flag. this is, there are clear indication of cooperation between Taliban and TTP.


There is clear indication evidence of Taliban and Ansar law for Tajikistan. There's clear evidence of Taliban and the other terrorist groups, Al-Qaeda, for example. So what they do, they want to have a territory that they can operate. They can maneuver, they can recruit, they can train, and they can export. So here to control and from there to export the same ideology. For example, according to all the evidence and the data, which government of Pakistan shared the attacks in Pakistan, since the Taliban takeover of Afghanistan increased 500%.


The encouragement such sort of in a victory of the Taliban to other terrorist groups. Its unbelievable. So when they see that if we keep fighting, killing, commits, de suicide bombing kill innocent people, commit all these atrocities, at the end, a superpower like America will come, a Doha or somewhere else will sit with us, talk with us, accept us as the reality, accept us as the only choice, and give us $70 million a week so we don't kill the people or starve them to death. Why wouldn't TTP continue with their ambitious plan when they see their brother next door did the same thing and achieved it.


So why United States is doing it? I don't know. I heard today that the Congress passed a bill to stop the money, taxpayer's money to get to the Taliban. Very good news. I hope it, it happens and I hope it, it truly, you know, be implemented. And there are some sorts of explanation that sometimes officials, they say, oh, we are not giving it to the Taliban. We give it to the NGOs. So they help people. Since the Taliban takeover 900 NGO has been created under the direction of the Taliban. So on other hand it's the same thing.


Another aspect, which is very important in the time of Republic with all the problem that republic of a Afghanistan had any foreign support, especially American aid was conditional that we give you this much aid, but you must tell us where you are spending your own internal income. Taliban right now are having $2.5 billion internal income, excluding the opium trade and all those incomes they're having from opiums, just those legitimate incomes of the country from ports and, and, and taxes and the other stuff.


The Taliban are having $2.5 billion income annually. And the aid that is going to them 70 million weekly. It is not condition conditioned that, okay, tell me where are you spending all of those money? All those $2.5 billion that they're getting annually, it's being expended on brutally destroy the people of Afghanistan to more consolidate themselves, to consolidate their terrorist groups in Afghanistan to more create these jihadi RAs to radicalize people even more.


So all of it are being used for consolidation of themselves and increasing their war power and helping their regional and or international terrorist groups. To your knowledge, does the terrorist organization, the Taliban, have any other allies other than the United States? Well, I believe the Taliban at this moment, they do not have a strategic friend every relationship they're having so far it has been tactical and they are seeing Taliban as a short-term partner, not a long-term strategic partner.


I don't think America is their ally. However, it is unfortunate to even think that America is in a sort of fruitful engagement with them, which so far for the past three years, I don't know what was the benefit that they give for America. But so far, for the people of Afghanistan, it was zero and it was very destructive. But with the other countries, the Taliban's relationship, even with the Pakistan, which for many years they had a sanctuary over there, it it turned sour because the Taliban are trying to export this terrorism everywhere.


So therefore, in my opinion, their relationship with other countries, it's not strategic, it's tactical. Everyone is scared of what's happening in Afghanistan. However, indeed those years that they fought against America truly created some, let's say, shared experience with many country that they invested for killing Americans alongside the Taliban. What about China? I know China is, when the withdrawal happened, China was there immediately to do negotiations. Yes. In regards to some of the things called like lithium mines.


Yeah. They're obviously very interested in with their, with the US importing all the, the, the green energy supplies from there are, do you have any knowledge of China becoming an ally with Taliban or any of the other terrorist organizations? Well, with Chinese, I'm very much disappointed with the sorts of policies they're having. In my opinion, they're seeing Taliban as an alternative to presence of nato, na, Afghanistan, even if they think Taliban are bad, but they see the presence of nato, na, Afghanistan wars.


So that's one aspect in terms of those geopolitical games. Secondly, of course, these resources of Afghanistan, which our position is very clear. Any country that are trying to negotiate with Taliban or deed with Taliban to get rights of exploiting these mines and these treasures of Afghanistan, this is called Thit and we do not support it. And they are, they will be held accountable by the legitimate government of Afghanistan. If they want to have a legitimate relationship with Afghanistan, they need to help for a legitimate government to come in power. The Taliban are not legitimate in it is very unfortunate that their policies regarding a Afghanistan, it has been very shallow.


Their strategy has been very shallow. It's very one sided. And they have been only thinking about the Taliban and engaging with them. And they are seeing Afghanistan as a land that they can get their hands on the mines or treasures of Afghanistan. It's theft. Are you seeing a lot of Chinese infrastructure Being built? No, I don't see a lot of infrastructure in Afghanistan. but I see a lot of activity in prisons. And, once again, it is, it's a shame that the China should know and the absence of a legitimate government that is not acceptable.


Let's move into the withdraw, the withdraw of US and NATO troops. Where were you when that happened? I was in Kabul. You were in gobble? I was in Kabul, yes. Did you have any warning that that was coming? I knew it for couple of years before it happened. I knew that Afghanistan is on the verge of collapse because all the signs that is indicating that such tragedy would happen, Sean, unfortunately, the thing is that it was sometimes when I'm hearing from Secretary of Defense to others, they're saying that it, it was a surprise.


I'm shocked. It was not a surprise. It was clear as a day that it was coming. And if nobody else, which I'm sure they did, I personally warned Mr. Za, the US Embassy, some presidents and officials, which I met in the U and Europe and also regional players and countries. I told them specifically that all the sites signs that indicates that Afghanistan is going to collapse. It is tragic, it is devastating. It'll be a huge blow to everything we achieve for the past 20 years.


All those sacrifices we, we made and we give with blood and sweat and treasure. It'll be devastating. Please pay attention. This peace process that you are going forward with, it is not a peace process. this is handing over a Afghanistan to the terrorism. The peace process is on unconditional. The withdrawal is unconditional and nothing is in, in the right place. And the Taliban are just waiting to take over. And everything so far has been doing it demoralized everything else. The best thing, at least if you wanted to leave, I told this is specifically to Mr.


If you guys wanted to leave, if you guys wanted to leave people of af Afghanistan behind very well, then at least do not elevate our enemy. Do not demoralize us with your negotiation with them. Just leave. It's okay. We fought before all alone. Like my father, we'll fight again. However, with what you do, you're holding our hands tight and you elevate them. And I'm sure one day you will blame us. And that's exactly what happened. That's enraging. That's enraging. Did you have, were you privy to the date that we withdrew?


I I knew that it is happening on the, on September 1st of September. I was aware when, when I was announced, but before that I didn't know about the exact dates. Yeah. but I knew in my heart that 2021 was a devastating year for people of Afghanistan. It's my understanding that France offered you an extraction to go to France during that withdrawal. Yes. Why didn't you take that? Not just France. Many countries they offered. Well, I remembered the faces that I looked at those eyes and faces and told them about freedom, about my father, about democracy, about human rights, about women's right, about fighting terrorism.


How could I just leave them after all those things I was preaching to them and what would I do outside? I gave it a very hard thought nights before the collapse and I knew it would happen. And just like my father, I was prepared to give the ultimate sacrifice to be very frank, because I knew how everything is completely gone and how Taliban will be left with billions of dollars of equipment and at the end it'll be a valley against basically a country.


And all odds would be pointing out to our demise and our death. I just didn't want to be alive to see my country go this path. And, but unfortunately that didn't happen. And I was alive and I, I get to see what happened, which is heartbreaking and a much bigger pain to me than death occurred to me, which is witnessing my country going to this situation. And, but in my opinion, because I believe I'm a man of God and I believe in God, I believe that he kept us alive for a reason.


And that's why ever since my purpose is to retake my country and bring back the integrity that has been taken from my country. I believe that too. I Believe that too. Thank, you can we go into some of the things that happened right after the withdrawal because Americans only saw, which was disastrous enough as it is. They only saw the act. They only saw snippets of the withdrawal. Yeah. They saw the Afghans falling from the C 17 planes. Yes. Trying to latch on. They saw Americans that were blown up at Abbey Gate.


Yeah. They saw babies being killed on razor wire fences. Yeah. They saw people giving up their kids just trying to get their kids to safety. Yes. What we didn't see, and what nobody really knows about, about is what happened after the cameras left. What happens? Yeah. What happened after the US was gone. Can you go into that a little bit? Well, four things happened. Sean. First, a nation got a devastating blow.


14th of August, a girl of Kabul and Afghanistan had a world of dreams and hopes for his, for her future. She went to school and she came back and she was thinking, okay, tomorrow day after tomorrow, five years, 10 years, I'll become doctor, I'll become engineer, I'll become politicians. I'll become head of state, I'll be this. And that first thing happened that the dream of my people got shattered. First, second thing that happened, it was the trust people of Afghanistan filled, filled with their heart and with their skin, how they can be abandoned overnight and begotten and be handed over to the same enemy that we have been fighting for 20 years together.


The third thing that the world didn't witness was the catastrophic and terrifying terrors that Taliban did to the people. Girls went on the street, they brutally destroyed it. They threw them in jail, they raped them, they defamed them, and they destroyed something that even the communist, even the Russian didn't do such atrocity. But on other hand, another thing happened.


Some people didn't give up. Some people didn't care if they were alone, they fought Even if they were little, if they had nothing, they fought with their heart, with their soul. And still to this day, they're fighting women on the street. Even they were being told and not thrown to jails. They continued protesting and standing to the state they are doing. And there were some guys, former African Army special forces and regular citizens. They went to the mountains. They didn't care if no longer there is a friend supporting them from the air or on the, on the ground.


They were with themselves, but they stood for the values that the world left them and abandoned those values. They fought. And to this day, they are fighting all along. So these four things happen when the cameras left, when the attentions left. But the people of a afghanian, with all those terrors, still very much hopeful, still very much passionate to take back their country and their fighting. How did the, How did the government take over? How, how, what was that process like when it comes to the Ministry of Defense, the, the NDS, the Afghan version of the CIA, the president?


I mean, how did that process look when Taliban was taking over all these different sectors of the Afghanistan government? Were those individuals assassinated? No, unfortunately, one thing which was one of those signs which indicates the fall of Afghanistan, was the poor leadership in Kabul. Mr. Ash created a situation that was impossible to rally around him and to rally around the government and to do something because we did way before the collapse of Kabul, I rallied my people.


I went to different provinces. I spoke to many people, they were ready to do something. And we passed this message to Mr. Rani and we passed this message to, to, to the government that we already, we don't want Afghanistan to fall. They just didn't listen. They didn't care. So this is another aspect that absolutely I believe that our international friends must take responsibility for the catastrophe that happened in Afghanistan. At the same time, I blame us the most, the Afghan government, the politician and the leaders, that they didn't have the ForSight of Ahmad, Shah Massoud and the for leaders that they knew something that happened.


They prepared, they didn't have that foresight. They were very shortsighted, shortsighted that they didn't prepare, they didn't unite and they didn't resist. So what happened? The president flee the country. As soon as he flee the country, everything collapsed. I was in Kabul, everything collapsed with it. And unfortunately with that, the Taliban managed to get inside the city with almost no resistance inside the Kabul. Another aspect was that if there was a resistance happening in Kabul, probably it would be even successful.


But with the cost of thousands and thousands and thousands of people of Kabul. So when the leadership didn't have a plan, when he left and run away before anyone else, I was in Kabul and I witnessed everything firsthand myself. When he left the night before and didn't even told his companion and his colleagues, even his chief of staff, he told his chief of staff, go and prepare a meeting for me. He lied to him and he ran away in another helicopter. So in such chaos, the collapse happened very quickly.


And there was almost no resistance because Mr. He had his, his policies lost the legitimacy and the support of the people and with people like me that we wanted to stick to the values of the republic and to keep the Afghanistan as a whole. He was very much against such idea too. He was very egocentric person. How fast did this spread outside of Kabul? Kabul was the, the second last, the last place that folded the hand of Taliban was, before that it was Kabul. Kabul, I was there and Kabul fell on the 15th of August to the hand of the Taliban.


Yeah. And the other areas, it was very rapid because three months before the collapse of Kabul, the Taliban didn't have control of even one district three months prior to the fall. As soon as this withdraw, this unconditional withdraw with this negotiation and talks, it improved. The soldiers got very demoralized. And the policy of the government and Mr. Rani, it was very, very, it it was non-existent basically, as I mentioned, that Afghanistan didn't have a military doctrine. The the, the leadership didn't have a military doctrine. And with such things very rapidly, the demoralization occurred and collapsed happened.


How much of the, how much of the country is now controlled by Taliban? The Taliban are in control of the main cities and provinces and even central districts. However, it is impossible for any country or any government to control the whole geography because it's very mountainous area. It's impossible to do so. So right now the Taliban are in control of most of the districts and provinces as you're speaking. Okay. And what province are you from? I'm from Pan myself. And the resistance is happening. It was started in, but now it is in the 12 provinces across the north and northeast of Afghanistan.


And we do not have the strategy to capture districts or provinces because we do not have resources to keep it. I can take over a district if I want tomorrow, but I don't know if I can keep it for the day after. So the lack of resources, it's something which is enabling us to have a strategy to take over a district or a province. Now, Before we get into the strategy, your strategy, I'd like to ask one more question about the US funding the Taliban. Is there, is there, we know that the US is funding the Taliban with 40 million to $87 million a week.


Is there any other funding or aid that the us, nato, any other countries is, is, is giving Taliban and or any other terrorist organizations? Well, there are many rumors about it that the Taliban's, GGI are being funded. What is the G-G-I-G-G-I Is the Taliban, this notorious KGB of the Taliban, basically CIA of the Taliban and this intelligence sector of the Taliban, which which is very notorious for imprisoning people, torturing people, raping people, disappearing people, kids, women, men.


It's a very notorious entity. However, there are some rumors that it has been supported in exchange for information on Al-Qaeda and the other terrorist groups. Or Supported by whom? Well, there are rumors that it has been supported by the Western Fund. It's just a rumor. Once again, I don't have evidence and to provide, in this case, I'm very, one of the thing that I I, I always try to be is to be very honest about what I say and politic of honesty I believe is the best, you know, form of politic. I don't have an evidence about it, but there are rumors that, and for cooperation there has been some funding.


But apart from that, from World Bank to the Bank of Asia, which they're going to attend the Doha conference in a few days, there are sort of evidence in that regard that there are some supports given to the Taliban from those entities. So therefore, in terms of funding directly, that's 70, almost 70 to 87 million weekly. And this indirect settings and meetings that's happening regularly. And this engagement sharing of information that is happening regularly.


And also according to cigar, that for the past three years, $17 billion has been sent to the Taliban. $17 billion, $17 billion according to cigar, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, Let's talk about the Doha conference when we're talking about support. Yeah. For the Taliban, what, can you explain what the Doha conference is? Doha conference was an initiative at the beginning to end war in na Afghanistan and to bring Taliban to the table for negotiation and talk the intention at the beginning or the, so the intention was serene, the intention was right the way it was handled and managed.


It was absolutely awful. And it made it in a way that today when you mention Doha, it brings nightmares to the girls and women and men of Afghanistan. Because Doha with giving Taliban office, it elevates them at one point, which providing them with sort of an opportunity to travel to Moscow to attend the Moscow conference and other area they went, they flew from Pakistan and they flew from Doha. It was a second elevation. And the third was this peace process, this negotiation directly with America, which we always thought that Americans would never negotiate with terrorists.


That happened, that negotiation and talk at Elevate Taliban to another aspect. And because it was managed and handled in the worst way possible and with no condition and with no regard to the people of Afghanistan, to the government of Afghanistan, at the end, single handedly the Doha conference collapsed the government of Afghanistan and everything we achieved for the past 20 years, single handedly the Doha is the reason for the a under devastation. How many who, who was at the Doha conference?


In Doha conference, which happened, it was first the, the negotiation talk. It was between the Taliban and it was between the United States of America. And then at later stages they added some representatives from Afghanistan. In that deal, the Taliban promised on many things, but the deal was made in a way that they did not hold Taliban accountable for anything. It was not conditional on anything. The Taliban were, okay, we hope, or we promise or we do this. There was no condition in it. It was very one side, one sided. And it was in a way basically to elevate Taliban and hand them over the power in Afghanistan.


And that's what happened in Doha. That's why people in Afghanistan do not trust the Doha process. It's very unfortunate. It could be something that truly turn a new page for Afghanistan and create a new era. Bond conference with all its flaws was a new beginning for Afghanistan and they remember bond as a new beginning. But Doha, it is a very dark stain in the history of Afghanistan. you Know, I'm surprised that, let me, let me start here. How many other Middle Eastern countries support Taliban and or other terrorist organizations?


Because, and the reason I'm asking is because I'm surprised that that Taliban was even able to send representatives to Doha. Yeah. To meet. Well there are some talks in a Afghanistan among the politicians and the people that it would not be possible without the green light of United State of America. Qatar wouldn't be able to do it without a green light. Are there any Middle Eastern countries that support Taliban or terrorism? Well, the support can be defined in different ways and means just the fact that they have meeting it can be translated and seen as a support.


Well, it'll be a shame to all those leaders of anyone in the Middle East or the region or the world to be seen with Taliban. A group that in 21st century go against all the values of mankind, go against all the values of the modern time, go against all the values of Islamic values. For example, preventing girls to go to a school is against all the Islamic law. Even Boko Haram and and Africa allow girls to go to school, not Taliban. So it would be a shame to them that they try to show a different image of Islam, the leaders of Emirates, the leaders of Qatar, the leaders of Saudi or the other countries.


And just to be seen with a group that prevent girls to go to school, commit such heinous crime, which I just showed you I, just few images of it, just few like, you know, sort of evidence of it. It is, it is a shame and I hope for them to, to never do such thing in terms of like, you know, a proper support in terms of funding and, and the rest, I don't know, I don't think the Taliban are in a position they need it because they have 2.5 billion internally that they don't, they don't answer to anyone and spend it for their own expenses. And the world in America is providing them with 70 million weekly to spend for the rest.


Well let's talk about your support. Yes. What, Who is supporting you? Do you have any countries, people of Afghanistan That's just the people of Afghanistan And God and God. Yes. Well that's a good ally. Yeah, that's good. That's the biggest ally. That's The only one you need. That's all we need. That's why I'm very much positive and I'm very much always energized and I'm very much happy because I truly believe that the path that we are taking is the right path. and I didn't wait for the permission of United States or Russia or China or Iran or any other country to tell me that, okay, you're allowed to fight or no, don't fight.


I was at my home with my people. They came to kill me, my people, my sisters, my mothers, and to take my land and brought foreigners with them that had no relationship with my religion. I had every right to fight them. My religious values allow me to fight them. and I didn't need any permission for it. And that is why they are not supporting me because I didn't take any permission and I'm not aligned with any policies they have. But let's face it, Sean, I don't care actually to be honest, because for me what I care is my people.


And that's why no, almost nobody in Afghanistan supporting Taliban, if truly they support Taliban. this is one of the main discussion that we have in the past two years, three years. Okay. Taliban say they have the, they're the most popular group in Afghanistan. Very well. Let's hold an election. Let's see who people of Afghanistan decide to support. If it's you, I'll be ready to be hanged in the center of Ka. I'll be ready to be just a teacher in car. I'll be ready to live on, I dunno some island to be an exile.


Anything you say, if you truly feel that you have the popular vote, allow people to decide. Because one thing I believe I love one thing more than anything. I have a sweet daughter at the time and love it. But even more than my daughter and my family than my father and his legacy than my people in my country. Sha I love freedom. I truly love it. Me too. I just it's, it's the best and biggest gift of God to every human being. It's their freedom, right?


So if the Taliban truly say they should give freedom back to people and that freedom can be defined, the people must decide what they want for the future. I'm not saying for the Taliban to allow me to rule, I'm just saying let's people decide and probably I won't even run for an election because there are very far better capable men and women to be able to, to run the country. But all I'm saying is that freedom is worth dying for and that freedom is something no one is allowed to take from another human being.


Right now the Taliban have taken the freedom from 40 million Afghans, including myself, correct me If I'm wrong, but it is my understanding that there are a number of neighboring countries who are completely against the Taliban and no better than to deal with them from my understanding Pakistan, Iran and Takistan. Am I correct? Well, as I mentioned at the beginning, I believe no country is happy with the current situation because Pakistan, although they supported Taliban for almost three decades, but they got a taste of their own medicine.


They took the American money for war on terrorism. They invested back in terrorism. The terrorism activity in Pakistan increased according to their own data, 500% as I mentioned before. So they realized this was not what we wanted. They thought they could keep the control of the Taliban. You cannot control fire Iran. After the collapse of ha Afghanistan government, they realized that the immigrants who were in Iran, who, which was about 2 million increased to 6 million people.


Iran is already having a very difficult time economically. So that was another 6 million on top of their own population which needed to be fed, protected, supported, educated and blah blah. And the threats in terms of security and the stuff which was being pro opposing itself on Iran from Afghanistan, Tajikistan, same thing. So, and I believe the current situation is not in favor of any other, any country, however, except Tajikistan, which is a standing with the people of Afghanistan based on one demand.


Exactly what I just told you, election people to be able to decide the other countries, they are not being very clear. Not Pakistan, not Iran. Their policy is not only clear in terms of a legitimate government in Afghanistan, but actually very vague and engaging with Taliban giving. For example, Iran gave Afghanistan embassy to the Taliban, Afghanistan consulate to the Taliban and Pakistan was one of the first country which gave a Afghanistan embassy to Taliban. Russians gave Afghanistan embassy to the Taliban. So therefore this is, this is very unfortunate that such country are having such ties with the Taliban and not realizing that such policies, it only BOLs Taliban and doesn't matter how much you bribe Taliban or give them something to appease to Taliban, such mentality as just wants to spread.


And without a legitimate government in Afghanistan, all these, all those issues they have in their head, it cannot be solved. Has the, Has the US discouraged Other countries from aiding you in the resistance With their statement and their policies? I believe so, and maybe not directly, but their policies is indicating that they do not want any insurgency or any freedom fighting to happen against the Taliban. Probably that is one of the things they promised to the Taliban that after our withdrawal we were not going to support any opposition and we won't allow anyone to support the your opposition.


Probably it's one of those hidden parts of the Doha deal.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Does social media make it seem like everyone is living this fabulous, amazing life while yours is? Well, not that comparison is the thief of joy and it's easy to envy other people's lives. It might look like they have it all together, but in reality they probably don't. Therapy from BetterHelp can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. Therapy is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself and it isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma therapy from BetterHelp can help every single one of us. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash sean today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/sean


Ever heard of a test drive for a phone network while US Cellular is letting you test drive their nationwide 5G free. Try out cellular wherever you have spotty service. Your commute to work that one spot in your house where your service dips. It's as easy as doing a little boop boop on your phone. That was me getting the app to try it out. I know I'm pretty good with sound effects. Test drive us cellular's nationwide 5G coverage free for 30 days. Just Download the Try US app, US Cellular Built For us terms apply. Visit cellular.com/try us.


By now you probably realize that this is the most important interview of my career thus far. It also is a lot of, first, it's the first interview we've had outside of the studio and it's the first interview out of the country. And so I brought a team to document the entire process. You can see over two hours of footage covering the entire experience over on Patreon. This experience captures everything from car conversations and the streets of Vienna to interview preparation and the captivating interview with Commander Massou and much more. So if you want to see the entire experience, head over to Vigilance, Elite, Patreon for just $15 a month and you can see all the behind the scenes right there.


I want to tell you about this business venture I've been on for about the past seven, eight months and it's finally come to fruition. I've been hellbent on finding the cleanest functional mushroom supplement on the planet, and that all kind of stemmed from the psychedelic treatment I did. Came out of it, got a ton of benefits. Having had a drop of alcohol in almost two years, I'm more in the moment with my family. And that led me down researching the benefits of just everyday functional mushrooms and I. Started taking some supplements, I found some coffee replacements. I even repped a brand. And you know, it got to the point where I just wanted the finest ingredients available no matter where they come from. And it, it, it got to this point where I was just gonna start my own brand. And so we started going to trade shows and, and looking for the finest ingredients and, and doing that, I ran into this guy, maybe you've heard of him, his name's Laird Hamilton and his wife Gabby Reese. And they have an entire line of supplements with all the finest ingredients. And we got to talking. Turns out they have the perfect functional mushroom supplement. It's actually called Performance Mushrooms. And this has everything. It's USDA organic, it's got Chaga quadriceps, lion's Mane, Mia Taki. This stuff is amazing for energy balance, for cognition. Look, just being honest, see a lot of people taking care of their bodies, I do not see a lot of people taking care of their brain. this is the product guys. And so we got to talking and our values seemed very aligned. We're both into the functional mushrooms and after a lot of back and forth, I am now a shareholder in the company. I have a small amount of ownership and I'm just, look, I'm just really proud to be repping and be a part of the company that's making the best functional mushroom supplement on the planet. You can get this stuff@layeredsuperfoods.com. You can use the promo code SRS that'll get you 20% off these performance mushrooms or anything in the store. They got a ton of good stuff. Once again, that's layered superfoods.com. Use the promo code SRS that gets you 20% off. You guys are gonna love this stuff. I guarantee it.


It is my understanding that the president of France wanted to aid you one way or another and was discouraged by the us. Is that, is there already truth to that? I don't know about that. That was he discouraged or, and also about the promising of, you know, support. The France has a very historical relationship with Afghanistan and in terms of basically supporting Afghanistan way before the wars even began in Afghanistan and having many schools, French schools across Afghanistan, especially in Kabul.


And my father actually attended and one of these schools and he could speak French, my father. So that was one of the reasons that he was very much, actually a very popular figa in France because he was speaking French. But in terms of support, there was nothing concrete. And there was no such thing as, you know, talking in this regard or any promises, you know, for the support. Of course, they're supporting the human right and woman right in one of the few countries in Europe, which is very much advocating for such thing for Afghanistan, in which we appreciated. But there was not a promise in that regard to be discouraged by us. But unfortunately the policies are us, us and current administrations are having, it is disappointing.


Regarding Afghanistan. Let's talk about your strategy and the strategy of the resistance. Where do you even start with fighting these guys? Well, my first strategy was an emotional uprising in the face of a huge tragedy, which was my own sacrifice on 15th of Han when I was in Kabul. I gave it a long thought because before that we tried everything with the regional countries, with the US western countries, with Afghanistan government to prevent the catastrophe.


I wasn't successful. So when I knew all is lost, I knew the only thing that can be saving us. It is a national uprising by all people of Afghanistan against a very small group called Taliban. To do it, I needed to, to, to empower people. In a way, the only thing was a thirst for revenge. And that could happen only if they could see a very sort of say, painful tragedy. And so my first strategy was to go to Pentre Valley value, defend till the very last minute and have a very, how would say, a, a crazy end to give your life die in the most painful way, being bummed, being destroyed and shattered maybe within that tragedy and that sacrifice.


It would give my people a reason to rise. And because I knew Afghan people are very much wanting it, but they needed hope Because they felt lonely. They were hopeless, they felt abandoned. And they have fought for against the Taliban for many years. And, and, and, and also there has been war going on in a Afghanistan for many decades. So they very much, they were very much tired and they were lonely and hopeless. So I needed to, to give them something.


Unfortunately or fortunately, many things happened that luckily I didn't die. and I went outside Afghanistan to find support for my brothers and sisters who are fighting against them. I never had the intention to leave my country. I just went out to find something because you are a man of war. You are a military man yourself for fighting. You need resources for your guns to fire, you need bullets. And we ran out of them.


and I was surrounded in a valley with no support from anywhere. So I had to go and find something from somewhere. But as soon as I left, unfortunately the frontline collapsed. The pressure was immense. Once it happened, we gathered all the military committee and we said, okay, now that the pressure is too much, what should we do? And we exchanged our strategy and we changed it. And we knew that we are in a long term sort of strategy. Now we have to build everything from zero, that this is going to take longer than we expected and much harder work.


There were many people like me that who were willing to give their life not to witness such tragedy and not to be able to do all of these hard work. But God will. And also the people wanted us to take this hard path. And so we changed the strategy from a conventional warfare to guerrilla warfare and to create the narrative against the Taliban to build, because the government collapsed to build a system, to build something basic, a semi government to work with anything, right? An organization that was that.


And last to bring support and to create a situation to be able to once again, gain the trust and to find support. So these were the strategies that we started after the collapse of Cowell, the narrative was created and that was resistance. We were very successful in it. Right now there's Emirate resistance and the resistance and the Emirates narrative and the resistance narrative. We created the counter narrative. And we have so far been very successful in winning the narrative war. The Taliban so far did not manage to get internal recognition.


Every day that goes by, they're losing in that war. And more and more people are coming to our side first, second since the government collapsed and we had nothing, we built an organization. And from that came into existence, the NRF, national Resistance Front organization. And third thing, it was to prove to ourselves, we can't do it. It was continuing this fight, guerrilla warfare. And that was one of the reason that the military committee, the military leadership told me that we have n enough resources to either operate or protect you. So you need to leave the country because we cannot exhaust our resources on protecting you because as soon as they know you are here, they're gonna all attack there.


And we have to exhaust all our resources in protecting you. So because of this, we encourage you to go and find the support, be outside of Afghanistan whenever necessary, and we will do the fighting inside of Afghanistan. And one of the things that I have been very sort of honest about it with my people, the moment that I left my country, whenever I'm outside, whenever I'm, I've been very, very honest with my people because one thing is the Taliban, they had sanctuary in Pakistan for almost two decades. They never came in Afghanistan. They lied that, oh, we were always in Afghanistan. But it was a lie. We all knew. They were like, you know, and, and, and Pakistan and different countries hiding. One thing is, is I've been very honest with my people and this was the decision and this was basically the strategy we had.


And we proved after three years, starting only in Panha Valley, now we are operating to 12 provinces. And in the latest report of un Gut himself even agreed and commented on it that the NRF operated and executed 20 more than 25 attacks only in Kabul and span of past three months, which is way more than that. But the reports that he gave, that even he admits it. So you see, we proved that even all alone with no support, we stand, we proved it to ourselves, to our people.


We created an org, a narrative. We created an organization. And for three years we have been withstanding against all the might of the Taliban. Not only we have been successful, but we managed to expand. Yes, the warfare is gorilla warfare because it is a tactic against an enormous sort of group that has 70 million weekly handed over to them that has $2.5 billion annually from Afghanistan income that also have the backing of all the international terrorism and the biggest source of income they have, which is a narco trade. And against such force, we cannot just go for a suicide attack.


We needed to change the strategy and we managed to be very successful. But in the past, one and a half years after adopting this strategy, we didn't have even one prisoner and one person got killed. Wow. We have been very successful. We operated 500 meters from the Taliban's, a palace. We didn't have, we didn't have one person captured and one person killed. Very precise, very calculated, and very successful. Beside that, we have been so careful and so calculated that so far there has been luckily, thank God, no civilian casualties.


Wow. No civilian casualty. Just one person got a little hurt. We went to his home. this is interesting, Sean. We went to his home. I sent my people to his home because we knew he got injured, a civilian. We monitored, we gave him money, we gave him compensation, we gave him support. We gave him our care and love. Look what he said. After he got the money, he gave it back. He's like, what are you talking about? These things happen. Before, whenever Taliban was having these attacks in Kabul, we were always scared. And my kids, he had some of his daughters, my kids were always scared that, oh, again, the terrorists are attacking in Kabul.


God knows how many people, innocent people died. Now, whenever we are hearing a blast, we are happy. Like, oh, thank God they had these monsters and the guy handed back the, the money to us. Like, don't worry, I'm all fine. Keep, keep, keep doing what you do. The people are with us. People are truly supporting, but they're alone. When they see from ministers to politicians, to statements all indicates that, oh, Afghan people, you have no choice but to accept your reality. What choice do they have?


The Doha Taliban saying, no opposition, no girls, no civil society, nothing. And un backs down from their own mandate, which the security council passed a resolution about six, seven months ago. Their own mandate, they back down from it and they give to the will of Taliban how people can trust the world. But we have an amazing people. Let me tell you a story, Sean, it's something maybe you like it. I spoke with a mother that at the beginning of war against the Taliban three, two years ago, before adapting the new strategy, which was a girl of warfare, he lost five member of family in one hour.


His husband, two of his sons, his husband's brother and his son-in-law, five men of the family gone in one hour. They were killed like Nazis, blindfolded hands tied behind their backs and shot firing a squad. And the Taliban released those photos publicly on Facebook. Publicly. They, they released it exactly as the Dia Dian Isis killed their prisoners, they killed our people. And my valley, I called that lady mother of one martyr, wife of another sister-in-law of another.


And mother-in-law of another. I called and I said, mother, I'm calling, my name is Ahmad Masu. and I was weeping a little bit. I was terrified. How can I break this news to this woman she already knew. She said, why? I hear a shake in your voice, Ahmad Masud, don't you talk to me like this. We have a hope in you. Tell me when is the next time that you give a call us give a call. So this time I will go to the mountain. I was a speechless. Wow. I was a speechless for good two minutes. I was silent. She was talking.


Just some tears was coming and I was like, if I give my life to them, it's not enough. These amazing people, this is the people of Afghanistan. What Does that feel like? You, to you to, to carry the responsibility that of all the hope and trust that your people put into you Two feeling first, for example, I was with some colleagues today that they saw me from early morning, I'm going to this meeting, to that meeting basically running everywhere. And they were like, oh, how can you do it?


and I said, because when I think of those people inside, it gave me courage. It gave me energy. And what I do, it's nothing compared to what they're going through. So first is hope. And second to be very honest, it's so difficult that I'd rather not to be alive than to carry this responsibility. It's that difficult, especially if you have principle and you care. If you don't care about the livelihood of people, it's easy.


But if you care, it's too difficult. If you care about those brothers you have in the mountains, you think about them, how are they? Are they hungry? Are they fed? Imagine what you, because they have nothing. How can you give them something? Food, water and I know why they're there And those family who gave their lives for the causes that I told them and that we all believe in those noble causes. So it's extremely difficult with all the love I have for freedom, for democracy, for my people, for my country, for my family, that I'm willing to give up on all of that, rather not to be alive than to bear this responsibility.


However, with such huge responsibility and task at the same time, their courage gave me courage. Their hope gave me hope, and their will moves me every minute and every day. They are incredible. They are the true hero. I'm nobody. They are those women and those men who are still fighting inside Afghanistan, they are the true heroes of Afghanistan. I'm just their voice. I'm just their mouth. That's all I'd like to, Not That that my opinion matters, but I I just want to commend you for, for moving from more of a conventional tactic tactics to gorilla warfare as you have and I don't know what the percentage is, but I mean you have some of the best trained commandos in the entire world with more experience than anybody in the world to include all of the veterans who have been in the global war on terrorism for 20 years.


Yes. We go home and then come back. You fight for 20 years. Yes. Longer than 20 years. And so to be able to utilize that experience in small tactic groups, I believe is a very smart move on your part. And, and where I'm kind of going with this is, is And. if you can talk And, if you, if you can't, that's perfectly fine, but what are some of the targets that you're targeting? I mean, we left, I don't know how many billions of dollars worth of ammunition.


Night vision Yes. Weapons, everything you can possibly imagine to create war. Yeah. You had mentioned an operation close to the palace within 500 meters. Yes. What are, what are some of the targets that you're going after using gorilla warfare? Well, the targets, of course, at all of it, they are being identified and picked and by the, our military committee and the military leadership and all of them, a hundred percent, they are the military targets and they are, Are they individuals like leaders, Individual convoys and sort of checkpoints and many other sort of targets that are crucial to the Taliban or they are, for example, we knew about existence of this person from GDI, the Taliban's intelligence service that had hand and torturing women, raping women, kidnapping women killing prisoners, and all these atrocities from the likes of him to to to, to many other sort of opportunities based of the opportunity, how it is and, and the warfare.


But this is something that the military committee has been deciding and, and our personal insight and our heroes inside Afghanistan, they're deciding. And Sean, they have been incredibly successful and they have an incredible, they're doing incredible job because it is easy when you have all the support in the world. Let's not forget when the Taliban did it, they had the support of many countries and they had a country to have sanctuary in it to be trained in. And there were tons and tons of materials and goods that could make like, you know, their equipment was being transferred to them from the borders of a, their country and Afghanistan to the Taliban.


So they had huge support, but we had and we have nothing. So what all that take into consideration what they are achieving, it is incredible. I would agree. Have you been able to, or have you thought about trying to secure some of the equipment that the United States left For your guys? Well, the equipment that you're speaking, they're all across Middle East and they're all across the, maybe even south and Central Asia. And it is not all of it. It's not stayed in Afghanistan.


Definitely TTP have some of it. Definitely many other terrorist groups had their hands in it, the Taliban or selling them the Taliban or basically sending it to, in support of their fellow friends who have the same ideology. So some of those equipments that you mentioned, it is in the hand of the, in the wrong hands already. It happened in the past three years. The Taliban are using most of it. And the amount that we have, it's not a lot. It's very limited amount that we have. And even some areas our people and our personnel are using the old Soviets guns that they captured in the time of fighting against the Soviets.


And so unfortunately I can say that it is, it's at this stage, it's quite difficult for us to possess American equipment. Do you have a more of an intelligence side branch to the NRF? Yes. Because in such warfare, the intelligence part is the key component in my opinion. How are you conducting that? If you can say, Well, I can say that if you see that we have not had any casualty nor we had any prisoners for the past one and half years. And also probably, I can say that there is except some small areas in some very hidden details, the Taliban do not possess a secret that, I don't know, let's say it, of course there are some areas and cases that it is, but to, to say how they're operating and how they're working, it is of a bit of confidentiality for their security I wish not to speak of.


Have you switching gears a little bit, have you thought about going to the US to personally ask them to stop funding the Taliban? 'em, I don't think they, they like me to be in, in the us otherwise, not to just like ask those question, but to like, you know, but to, to, to let them know how their policies is affecting the people of Afghanistan and how it is probably it'll affect a lot of aspect of people's life in America.


you know how nine 11 changed the political, even social landscape of America. Imagine what would happen if something like that would happen again. So therefore not it will happen. But it is, is is is your question that there are a lot of concerns. There are a lot of policies that they're having, which will have a huge impact. Forgetting about Afghanistan has always proved to be a wrong decision, but it is happening to bring that awareness. It's something that needs to be done. But so far I don't see any interest in accepting me in America and listening to what we have to say.


It's been my understanding that the current administration has kind of blacklisted you from, from coming and what a disgrace. But you know, the US has a long history of lying to its own people and to the rest of the world. And some examples are the funding of the Taliban. Another is Hani Hani. Yes. and I think maybe another one of the biggest ones is when we lied and let everybody assume that hams ab bin laden is dead.


Yeah. Which it turns out he's not dead. What is he doing in Afghanistan? Well, one thing is that Al-Qaeda for the past 20 years with their relationship with the Taliban, they complete each other. this is something that might interest, you know, the people of America that Al-Qaeda and Taliban left so close with each other and so integrated with each other for so long. That is almost impossible to differentiate them now for the past 20 years.


They, there's a lot of weddings and marriages happen within them. Now they turned into a family. How can you break a family apart? It is proven that there has been marriages between them. So that's one aspect. The second aspect, the share interest. Al-Qaeda helped them intellectually and helped them with experience and knowledge, help them with the technical aspect of making bombs and, and expertise and, and of course help them with the presence of the Al-Qaeda fighters. For example, we showed you a video of the Taliban alongside Al-Qaeda fighters attacking Pan Chi Valley on August, 2021.


So they had so many shared experiences that it is impossible to, to differentiate them now. It's just like how we mix sugar in our water or salt in our water. It's almost impossible if you keep like, you know, swirling it for 20 years, how will you take the sugar or take the salt out of the water? So that's one aspect of Al-Qaeda that let's not forget it. The second aspect is sometimes I hear that they say, oh, Alqaeda doesn't exist in Afghanistan. And yet US fails to ask a very simple question from Taliban.


What was Aman Ri do in Kawell? Mr. Biden said, we killed Aman Ri the mastermind of nine 11 and Kabul under the protection of Taliban. Very well. I have few questions. What was he doing in Kabul? The mastermind of 9 11 11, the leader of Al-Qaeda. Second, how he could be in Kabul without the Taliban knowing about it. Third, how he was shut down and killed either the United States administration is lying to its people and he didn't exist.


He just said, we killed someone in Kabul. Or he did. If he did, it means Taliban are completely integrated and incorporation with Al-Qaeda and they need to be held accountable because it means a breach and Doha agreement. Because in Doha agreement, the Taliban promised to completely disconnect themselves from the rest of terrorist groups. They did not. And that is the proof. So there's a lot of no question in this regard and the latest gift and this marvelous story as the call of the leader of Al-Qaeda upon all people to come to a Afghanistan for training, for experience and learning from Taliban, and of course go back and do the same atrocity The US just, it's getting very hard to find any truth coming out of the current US administration.


I mean even, even during the withdrawal, I remember right away they, I believe they claimed to have killed the, the, was it the ISIS fighters that blew up Abbey gate with a drone strike in a taxi that actually wound up being they just killed a bunch of USAID workers. Yes. I mean the, the the, the incompetence is just astounding. But moving on, because we're on a time crunch, I want to talk to you about the continuation of the withdrawal. And there are a lot of veterans Yes. US veterans who are very involved in extracting our former allies, the resistance and I would imagine, I understand why they wanna leave.


So I don't wanna say I'm not, I I don't want to come across as not sympathetic, but what I do wanna come across and say is the more US veterans get involved in extracting men with war fighting experience that we train that you could be using. Yes. The percentage of you coming out on top diminishes. Yes. Yes. And so what would you like to see happen? Would you like to see veterans, us veterans continue to extract Yes. Our former allies? Or would you like that to stop and those fighters start fighting with the NRF?


Well, as you mentioned, first and foremost, it is once again, it proves that the defeat in Afghanistan was political. It was by the politicians. It was not by those who fought in Afghanistan. this is crystally. Yeah, well, because of the atrocity that Taliban are committed, how they are very much focused in targeting those who fought against them. It's very difficult for me to say, no, don't evacuate them morally it's wrong because I know in what grave danger they are at.


Of course, absolutely. I would rather them to have them in Afghanistan because sooner or later this, the, the, the support will come because till Taliban did not change and the terrorist attack only increased Pakistan, Iran, Russia, United States. You see how it's increasing Germany. So the support will come, but I hope it's not too little, too late, first and foremost. Second, I cannot put my pos myself in a position to, to decide for those veterans because they are in a such a terrifying situation, constantly tolerable, not looking for them.


And unfortunately one thing happened that United States and and Afghanistan government, they did the, they took their fingerprints and they saved it all and servers and everything. And they lifted it all to the Taliban. So now the Taliban, as they have all this sort of the, you know, the, the scanners and everything as soon biometrics. Biometrics exactly. They have in biometrics. And as soon as they put their fingers anywhere, if they enter from any point from Afghanistan, if they from the borders, if they go anywhere inside Afghanistan, as soon as they do the biometric, they will know who was who.


Unfortunately, one thing that happened that our international friend in and also the Afghanistan government, they didn't have the decency to destroy all those servers and those equipments to make it harder for Taliban to identify those who fought against them. So now even worse than women of Afghanistan are those who fought against Taliban. Those special forces and commanders and Afghan people who are in Army because they have been fingerprinted. Like, you know, they know their identity identity. So now they can't go anywhere. They're imprisoned in their home. As soon as good they go anywhere, one fingerprint, they'll know who is he and he disappears. So I cannot put myself in that position.


However, The messaging of those veterans are different to you and to me to United States because they know they don't have any intention to support them, to help them and to fight. So their request is then if you do not have doubt, will then save me too. But you know what they said to me? They never asked me for evacuation. Even once, nobody asked me categorically to whoever I spoke, said, sir, give me equipment.


Give me gun, give me support. I'll go to the mountain. I'm not, I'm gonna take my revenge. I do not allow this because this defeat, it was not militarily, it was political. I didn't lose, they made me lose. this is their message. So if the world behavior and messaging changes, they do not want to leave Afghanistan. They want to stay in fight. And we have enough credible and talented, inexperienced in trained personnel to take back half Afghanistan and bring back order.


However, when they see the messaging of the world is that we don't care. Give to the will of Taliban. Now the Taliban are our new besties, then they have no choice to say that. At least save us too When it comes to us veterans that want to help. And there's a lot of us and I can't speak for everybody, but we are not a representation of what our current administration and government is about. Is there anything that us veterans or anybody that doesn't like what happened and what's happening?


Yes. How the withdrawal went. Is there anything we can do to help? Well, first and foremost, I once again, I need to emphasize that paying attention to Afghanian and what, for example, the veterans are doing, it's something that will decrease the feeling of people toward America. That they will know that the politicians failed them. That those who fought alongside them didn't forget. So it's, it's something very important. And secondly, I Believe It is very much beneficial for the people of America to know how policies affect the people, thousands of miles away from them.


and I, I believe that veterans can be that voice to tell because of their experience, because of their knowledge, what happened and what is happening. How the policies are affecting, how the world sees America and they can help in the future. Policies. We are on the season of election, I Believe It is veterans are always being hold the very high in the eyes and mind of people of America. They always, you know, hold them, you know, in high status because of what they have done for their country.


And I, Believe It is, it's important for the future of America as well that for the politicians, those who want to come and those who are at, to listen to these veterans and to know their feeling and to know what they say because they're in touch with their counterparts in Afghanistan and they have the experience in Afghanistan. and I believe that ignoring them, it's a grave mistake that not only affect Afghanistan, but will affect the future of those who want to join Army, who want to join the Navy and who want to join the air force.


That they will see that, okay, all these values that we have been preached to, we are going to have honest. And for this, it was nothing but a lie. Yeah. That our administration are keep lying to us. So I believe the veterans are very important. Well, we're also extremely concerned because we have sons and daughters. You're warning us, something's coming to the us I think a lot of us have a very strong belief that we're gonna wind up in Afghanistan again and it'll be my son and my daughter Doing this all over again. And, and that scares the hell out of me.


but I will say that what we're doing right here and what me and Legend did and what me and Sarah Adams did it is creating waves. And just on the flight over to Vienna, I saw that one of our representatives in Tennessee, Tim Bur, has proposed a bill yes. To stop off funding from the Taliban. I can't believe there's not more congressmen that that wrote that bill. But credit to him. And, and this is gonna spread and, and of course Commander I just, I'm so glad we met. It was an honor. Thank you, It's just my pleasure to Have this interview. Pleasure. And I'm praying for you.


God bless, Thank, you and I, hope to see you again. Of Course. And Thank you very much. I hope that we never see any tragedy. Not in America, not in Afghanistan, not anywhere in the world. Because what we want is to see peace and prosperity for all. And let's not hope that a Afghanistan needs my son and my daughter or your son or your daughter to once again to do what we did. And there is one thing to prevent that we need to listen to Ahmad, Shah Massoud. And 2001, when he came to Europe, he said, I'm here.


We are enough to defend our country, to fight for our freedom, to fight for democracy on those values we share, support me, support us, and we will not allow a Afghanistan to be a threat. Not for ourselves, not for anyone else. and I will have the same message Right now, the thing is, I'm not asking United States or any other country to send troops of Afghanistan. I'm enough and we have enough to fight, to defend ourselves, to defeat the terrorism and to make Afghanistan a safe haven for its people and a threat to terrorism.


Not all the way around the way it is right now, but we have that opportunity now. Exact message that my father said it. So we need attention to Afghanistan. We need support for democratic force of Afghanistan and we need awareness. Let's not forget Afghanistan. Unfortunately, it proves that the world cannot hold or cannot handle to crisis at a time the Ukraine, the Gaza. While we understand all of that, however, the crisis of Afghanistan has always been an underlying sort of pain and problem that always affected in the long term.


and I hope that the help and support for people of Afghanistan can come and we will see the end of the terrorism. Because right now the people already to do it more than ever. If the people give in, then it'll be very, very hard and very, very difficult. Five years time, 10 years time, let's not forget the Taliban or building mattress as jdi mattresses with the US money to create more suicide bombers and, and and brainwashed people. Imagine what will happen in five, in 10 years time that they, because right now they have created, according to themselves, 2000 schools.


If 2000 jihadi mattresses release 1000 or 100 students annually, imagine how many brainwashed foot soldiers will be ready for recruitment of Taliban, Al-Qaeda, isis, any other terrorist groups in five years times and 10 years time. Maybe even then, if any other country, if us or any other country comes to our assist, assistance and support, maybe it'll be able too late. That is terrifying to think about. But we'll end it here. And Thank you very much John Thank you. It was a pleasure meeting you brother Thank.


you too. Thank you, Thank you Thank you take care of yourself, Thank you.


When I'm doing research for the show, booking, travel, or communicating with guests, I always browse the web incognito. But did you know incognito mode is not enough to hide your browsing history? All your online activity is still visible to tons of third parties. Unless you use Express VPN. Without express VPN, you're vulnerable Express VPN is the best on the market because it reroutes 100% of your traffic through secure encrypted servers and it's easy to use on all your devices. Fire up the app and click one button to get protected. It's even rated number one by top tech reviewers like CNET and The Verge. In my line of work online security is paramount and that's why I choose Express V vpn. Protect your online privacy today by visiting express vpn.com/sean. That's X-P-R-E-S svpn.com/sean and you can get an extra three months free express vpn.com/sean.