
Hey, it's me, the quenches. I'm that late afternoon craving. You just can't shake. Wait, what's that? Welch's grape aid? No. Made with real fruit and no added sugar. Nothing answers the call of the quenches like grape aid. Got the quenches. Grab a grape aid in your juice aisle.


Being a marketer is no sweat. You, Just have to manage dozens of channels, Launch, hundreds of campaigns, score thousands of leads and okay, fine. It's a lot of sweat unless you have HubSpot's AI powered marketing tools to help you do all that and more, get started at Hubspot dot com slash marketers.


Mr. Edwin C may welcome to the Shawn Ryan Show. Well, thank you. It's a pleasure to be here. I'm looking forward to it, Man. I have been looking forward to this interview for a long time, ever since he kind of popped up on my radar with Joe McMonagle. Brought you up several times and his wife Scooter and eventually connected us, which I'm super thankful for. And man, I'm just, I'm just totally fascinated with this subject with remote viewing ESP Stargate. And so I just, I wanna say thank you so much for coming. You're most welcome. It's, it's a pleasure to find someone with the excitement that you already have for this discipline.


'cause that's rare in this country for sure. Really? Yes. Don? Don't know. I think it's a growing subject again then, because I see a lot of people that are interested in it, but, Well, you probably have heard the phrase that it's the work of the devil. I've heard that several times. Yeah. Just a brief anecdote on that. I had a contract for, from the Air Force by $1.5 million and a nameless senior Air Force official said, that's the work of the devil Kill that program. And they took the money back. Really? Yes. Didn't even want to look into it. Nope. Interesting. Yeah. 'cause we're not the only ones looking into this, from what I understand the Russians are.


Yeah. Who else is looking into this? Actually, there was a Hungarian fiction writer by the name of Arthur Kler, I don Dunno if you've ever heard of him or not, when he passed away. He bequeathed a huge sum of money, Denborough University in Scotland to do SI research. And when they first started that they did a, a worldwide search to be who would be the first professor to occupy that chair. And an American won that, that search. Bob Morris is his name. And he moved to Scotland and everybody was nervous at the university about all this weird stuff. But he became head of the British Society of Psychology, not parapsychology.


He spawned about a hundred graduate students in PhDs in parapsychology. And then the Edinburgh University wasn't in fact, proud of this. And it was on the front page of their website. Hmm. So it's an amazing school in, in Scotland today even. How many governments are looking into this? Are you aware? Certainly the Russians are hung. Hungarians are with not a lot of effort. There's a big effort going on in Brazil now and in real, in Brazil. Yeah. And of course, Scotland. And that's, and most, and Darby in the UK a number of schools.


What is it at, at Greenwich University? There's a group doing work there. Who would you say is maybe on the forefront of this Right now? Beside our group, you mean seriously? The, I would say Attenborough University. They're doing very, very good work. Monroe, I'm sorry, Monroe Institute. They don't do parapsychology research there. Who I'm, I I, I missed, I didn't hear what you said before At, at Edinburgh University. They have, they're doing excellent work there. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, I can't wait to dive in. It's like I said, I'm fascinated.


So kind of how I want to do the interview is, we actually, we had spoken at breakfast about a, a kind of an aptitude test. Am I correct on that? That's A good way to word it. Yeah. On a, if, if somebody may have capabilities, Call it remote viewing. Remote viewing, yes. So it's an aptitude test for remote viewing. So I think that will be a great way to kick off the interview. Okay. So we'll start there and then we'll get right into kind of how this popped up on your radar and how you eventually became Sure. The director of the Stargate program, which I, I gotta be honest, I can't even believe I'm sitting across from you right now.


So, super fascinating. Well, thank you. And, and, but you know, everybody gets a gift on the show. don don't know. If. you If. you knew that. I did Not, But, so there's yours. Oh boy. Is it edible? It actually, it is edible. Go ahead, dive in there. I was Just being goofy about it. Go open it up. Oh, okay. Little something for the ride home. Those are Vigilance, Elite, gummy bears. Oh my goodness. They're legal in all 50 states. Oh, Too bad. They're made, I'm hoping for a, And they're made right here in the USA. So fantastic.


It's little in Tennessee, I hope. Actually they're made in Michigan. Okay. Hey. Hey. But thank You. That's kind. You're Welcome. So we'll kick it off with a introduction. And this might take me about 30 minutes to Ben to get through because you have such a extensive background. So, Okay, go for It. Here We go. You hold a degree in experimental nuclear physics. The executive director of the Cognitive Science Laboratory, previously part of the E-S-E-E-S-P program at SRI International, that's Stanford Research Institute, spent 40 ti 49 years studying psychic research.


You were the previous director of the US Government's program to apply ESP to matters of national security interest, also known as Stargate. In 1996, you founded laboratories for Fundamental Research, which is still active today. The author of over 90 peer reviewed papers and over 300 technical reports. You've given public talks about intelligence collection at the World War ii, famous site Bletchley Park. And the UK presided over 70% of the funding. $22 million and 80 per 85% of the data collection for government for the government's 22 year involvement into parapsychological research accumulated over 12 years experi experience in experimental nuclear physics research, fluent in a variety of 3G and 4G computer languages, including F four trend, IDL, visual basic.


matlab, SQL. And various machine codes traveled often into Moscow beginning in 1992 and has become friends with the US' former enemy. The KGBI can't wait to dive into that. And your colleagues are physicalist. That is, consciousness is an emergent property of the brain and does not survive death. What am I missing? No, not a thing. Well, one issue how Stargate came into existence, the name, 'cause that was the last of about seven or eight names preceding it. I've always wondered that. Yeah. The one I walked out of the Pentagon with a colonel who was in charge of all this stuff and he said, guess what, we've changed the name of the project.


It's now called Quantum Leap. And I said, do we have to Quantum Leap progress is the smallest possible progress at above zero. And Stargate was then born as a result of that. Wow. Wow. Why did they change the name so much in the beginning? Well, because these were unclassified names and it was, it is part of security to keep it secure. Okay. Okay. There was center lane girl flame and a whole bunch of stuff like that. Interesting, interesting. I'm nervous about this test I'm about to take. Oh, don't be, it won't hurt at all. Promise. What if I flunk? It Probably will. Most people do. Don't worry about it.


Oh man. Now those, I wanna give you a little, I wanna give you a little background about it. When we humans, and I presume you're human, some of my friends are questionable that with regard to me. But most humans have multiple conversations going on at the same time in their head. You're worrying about that lighting and all that. And, you're having a conversation with me. I'm thinking, well, gee, what am I gonna do for dinner? And I hope this thing doesn't go too long, that kind of internal conversation. But it's not relevant for what's going on at this moment, So, we, we edit it out of our con what comes out of our mouth. We all do that. And. It's just part of being human. And so why not allow someone trying to be psychic to do the same kind of internal editing?


So I'm gonna tell you a little bit about what a potential remote viewing target is not going to be. For example, If, you get a metal image picture of, ah, your mother cooking a hot apple pie and it's cooling on the counter in the kitchen. Please, please don't tell me about it because there's no food in this target pool. There's no indoor sites by this product. There are no people here, there are no buildings. I mean, there are no inside shots and so on. There's no human artifacts like rakes and shovels and things like that. No transportation devices, all that stuff. If, if it comes in your mind, just don't put it down under paper.


Don't tell me about it. Other than that can be anything outdoors, period. Anything. So it only, only outdoor stuff. That's right. Interesting. So that allows you, and it works beautifully for us to allow potential participants or subjects If you will to have that internal sensor. It reduces the background noise substantially. And allow what psychic ability can emerge from the noise. So only, okay, so when I'm, when I'm doing this, only think about viewing something from the exterior or that's outside. Yeah. And I have a, a, a stylized interview with you about that to aid that it's, I don't know what the target says.


The concept is called double blind. You don't know what the target is. I don't know what it is. And. In fact, when you're remote viewing hasn't even been chosen yet in the computer. So I can't clue you or cue you in some way. Well, he's, maybe it should be a kangaroo riding a camel across the desert. Except there are no animals in this thing either. So, okay. That, so that's the whole idea is to just to reduce the internal noise. Also, do not expect a multimedia extravaganza between your ears. Most people, even our most, like Joe McMonagle will say it feels like he's guessing sometimes. Okay. So it's not a, it's not a vivid thing, which we'd like it to be, but it isn't.


Would it be, would it be better to explain the, the aptitude test before I take it or after? I'm not sure what you mean. Well, will we, I would like to talk about what I'm about to do. Okay, go ahead. Or we Or should we just do it and talk about it Afterwards? I think let's just do it. We'll talk about it afterwards Here. We go. Yep. Moment of truth. Well, it's some moment. Yeah. Okay, let Me, do I draw with my, do I close my eyes? What? No, no, no, no. Hang on. Well, I'd like you to just write your name and the date and time anywhere on, on, on the corner somewhere.


It doesn't matter where you put it. What is today? Today's May 9th. May 9th. And it's about 25 after 35 after noon. Now, like any, any kind of a job, I have to instruct you what it is I want from you. So when you're ready, I'll give you what's called the tasking, what I'm asking you to do. And it's very simple. Okay? Let me know when you're ready. I'm ready. Okay. Sean, please access and describe a photograph I'm going to show you in about 15 minutes or less from now. Okay. And the idea is to put down whatever pops into your mouth first.


Don't, don't overthink it. Whatever pops into my mind first. Whatever subject to the conditions we, we mentioned. And you can tell me as you write it, you write it in words or draw pictures or build it out a clay or whatever you wanna do with it. Doesn't matter. So you're thinking about it, don't, don't think about it, just respond to it.


I'm Just, talk To me. I'm just drawing what came to my mind first. Which is it. Should I tell you what I'm drawing? You Can show it to me even. Should I keep drawing? Well, no, no, just, all right. Capture what your experience is. Okay. That's a circle on top of a point. Is that what it is? That is a pyramid with the moon above it. And then this is some kind of, I don't know, I was envisioning some kind of like circular, maybe cloud. Fair Enough. Above it enough. Don't, don't go into that detail. Okay.


Suppose you could sit on top of what you called a pyramid and gaze out in front of you. What do you see? It can't be animals, can't be any of that. What does the landscape look like? Okay. What did you write? Can you just tell me? I rode a barren desert with a couple of dead trees. Okay. With no leaves on 'em. All right, excellent. Let's take a short break here. Okay? We'll come back to it in a moment. Interesting thing about a break is we don't wanna talk about what your experience is or anything like that.


We'll talk about something else. Like what are they gonna have for dinner? What movie did you recently see? Did you see, I don't know. Did you see the Oppenheimer movie at all? That was a strange movie. Don't go. Okay. I can tell you a, is This the Civil War movie? No, no, no. This is over the Manhattan Project. Oppenheimer built the atomic bomb. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can't believe, I just see, I'm not letting go of what I'm, alright, So I, I, when we're finished here, I'll give you a link to a Amazon Prime movie called The Day After Trinity. And that is an accurate portrayal with the real people that did the work. It's an excellent film.


Okay, let's get back to it. I'll retask you new paper. Pardon? No, write the, the paper's good enough. And I want to get on record by saying the interview procedure that I learned, that I'm using with you to a great deal. I learned from Mr. Russell Tar. He was brilliant at that job and I honor him for teaching me that excellent guy. Okay. Onward. So Retasking Sean, please access. And I describe a photograph and drawing or pictures or words about a photograph. I'm gonna show you, say 10 minutes from now. Go for it. Could this, this could, this is a different one.


Nope. Same picture. What if something different's in my head? Write it down. It helps If you write words to help me understand the squiggles that you draw as well. Okay? What you got? I got a house, which is actually a concrete house. Okay. A big pond. All right. And, and then just vegetation, trees. Excellent. Okay. And now I'm gonna surprise you, we're gonna cut the session off now. Okay. Why do you think I'm doing that Exercise is complete? Because I'm drawing something completely different than what I did before.


Well, no, I'm doing it because we like as humans to fill in the blanks. Well, there's a house there must have X, y, Z on it or that pyramid must be whatever it happened to be. So we'll, we'll call a stop to it. And I now do a look. The job comes to me now. The target has not yet been chosen. I have no idea what it's, so I cannot, I'm gonna analyze your results. Bear with me one second here. A little bit of homeworking here. This computer, oddly enough, is very slow. May I have the sheets please? Thank you.


Excellent. Okay, now see, I can't, I can't put words into your mouth. So for example, here you say you draw a building and it's very clearly the shape of a building. So I have no trouble thinking it's not a kangaroo, it's, it's a building. So you get credit for that. What I'm doing, and I don't wanna get into the technical details, is called fuzzy set analysis. I'm trying to encode what you said in a way that this computer can understand to do the arithmetic with look more no hands. Interesting. Yeah.


Okay. You've got trees. And we got this stuff here. And I'm not gonna describe what I'm doing here. 'cause this is gonna be public and we don't want people to have to guess. This list I'm doing here, this circle thing that you do here. What did you say here? That Is a, like a body of water, a lake or A pond. Okay, thank you. Okay. I think that's pretty good. Pressure's on me, not on you to do this, right? I feel nervous, huh? I Feel, I feel Anxious if you're anxious. So am I. All right. All right. I, don want this to work really well.


Okay, now the computer goes to work by itself. What it means is it still hasn't chosen a picture yet. Really? Yep. Now it doesn't pay any attention to what I put in there. 'cause that would be cheating. In other words, choose a picture of the match. What you said. That's not happening in the code. It just doesn't do that. But now it's gonna randomly pick the picture for us. This is a demonstration. The participant is Ryan, and this is trial number one. And target beaver's the right answer.


Hmm? You'll be rather pleased about us. Pretty good. No way. Are you kidding Me? Nope. Why? Can I See it? Yeah, Well, lots of trees, big concrete buildings and there's a pyramid on top. Where's the body of water? Buzz off buffalo. Actually, the metric Here. Can, can I show that on camera? Would that be possible? Sure. I just wanna swap the, the audience to see how awesome my remote viewing capabilities are.


So there it is Not bad for a first attempt. Actually quite good. We have a metric called figure of merit. And the way that is, there are 300 photographs, In here. This could have been anyone, any one of them. And we had a team of people, like nine people, encode them in such a way that a computer could understand 'em. It's called, technically called a fuzzy set And. Let's not go there any further. But that's been pre-coded. So what I did was to get a fuzzy set of your response and then the computer does a Venn diagram. Well, not technically, but something like it said.


How, how close is your description there? Two things that it, it asks how accurate was your response? In other words, of all the things in the target, what percentage did you get? Right? And the answer to that question is about 50, 53% of what you said was correct in the target. But that isn't enough. I went out of all the things that you said, what percentage of what you said was correct. I mean, see the difference One is what percentage of the target did you get? And the other part is what percentage of what you said was right. I mean, maybe you said everything was correct. No, actually you said 52% of what you said was correct.


Okay. So it's the product of those two numbers is what we call the figure of merit. And when that's above a certain threshold, and when we use this to make money on the marketplace, the that threshold is 0.452. Your number was 0.28. Wasn't good enough to bet, bet money on good, but only about 20% of Joe's is, or 20% of Angela Ford's are no good. It's a very high, in fact, it almost never misses above. When is that good of a remote viewing? So congratulations Sean. I'm really pleased you did a damn good job of it.


Finding a solid T-shirt that's good quality and fits right is almost impossible to do online. I looked everywhere until I found true classic. They make tailor fit tees and are versatile enough for everything on my agenda. This fall. True classic sells premium products at an affordable price. You can get their best selling T-shirts, hoodies, jeans, and more in three, six, and nine packs. All their clothing can be mixed and matched and designed to work with your lifestyle so you can look and feel your best each and every day. True classic is so committed to their products. They even have a hundred percent fit guarantee, easy returns, and they are trusted by over 4 million customers. Worldwide Fall is here. It's time to step up your game right now. You can unlock big savings when you bundle packs. Just go to my exclusive link@trueclassic.com slash ss to save. That's true classic.com/ss. Shop now and elevate your wardrobe today,


Fabric by Gerber. Life is term life insurance that you can get done right here. Right now. You could be covered from your couch in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Just go to meet fabric.com/sean, that's meet fabric.com/sean. You've heard me talk about Fabric by Gerber Life for a while now because Fabric by Gerber Life is great term life insurance designed by parents for parents and trusted by millions of families just like yours for over 50 years. If you're like me, your kids' financial security is your top priority. And Fabric has flexible high quality policies that will fit your family than budget. Like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. It's all online. So apply when it's convenient for you. There's absolutely no risk. They have a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel it anytime. Check it out at mefa.com/sean. That's mefa.com/sean. Join me in thousands of parents who trust fabric to protect their family. Apply today in just minutes at mefa.com/sean. That's mefa.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Insurance Company not available in certain states price subject to underwriting and health questions.


So what is this? So if I was, what would you have me do next? Go on with the interview. If I was, if I was If, you were looking at me to see if I had these capabilities, would that be a, well let's move on to the next test or would that be a Yeah, but not Right away. Thanks for showing up. If we need you, we'll be in contact. Not quite. I mean, tell me why it would be a mistake to have you do it again right now. Because I would overthink it. Not only that one has to ask the musical question from where does the information arise. And we, my colleague and I have been worrying about that a long, long time.


And that is, did you get it from looking into the future and seeing the picture another precognition and If, you did that, but you know, 20 minutes from now you have a different picture. How would you be able to sort that out in your mind? Which, when which precognition pays attention to it? No. Mm So it, we only collect data for like for with Angela Ford. Two sessions a week. Two sessions a week? Yeah, that, that fast of sessions. Wow. Actually the fastest one, one of our participants, there's a psychologist named Nevin. And I say, okay, here's please access and describe the same thing I just said to you, So.


we said, oh, there's a tree and a path. I quit. It was over in about three seconds of it. There's gotta be something more. But no, that's exactly all that was there. He just nailed it. No kidding. Yeah. So what, so I got a 50% on the, like a 53% I believe you said, on the drawings and a 52% on what I said was actually in the photograph. Yeah, exactly. So what would, what would be a close the book. Don't contact us, we'll contact you. Thanks for showing up. Well if, if never on a single issue like this, okay, give you an a a hint I don know if Joe would like this.


But it's the data. I have something close to 1500 remote viewings done by, by Joe. And it's, they five pictures are chosen, only one is the right answer at each trial. And so there's a 20% chance of getting it right. By luck alone, his score is 44% hit rate. Statistically that's off the charts. But think about it, that means 56% of the time he blows it. Interesting. And he's one of the best people we got. Interesting. So how was it? Was it fun?


I wanna do it again. No, I'm not gonna let you. I know, I Know. We can do that. I'll tell you, I can do this. In fact, I work primarily through Zoom now. I've got a woman in Milan, Italy who's a cracker jacket this. No kidding. So I do the interview over, you know, and then she sends me the response by email and I do the same thing I just did with you. So is this, is this some sort of a hobby for somebody like that? Or what do they do with it now? Well, What she does, she works with some people in finding lost people, people who have disappeared. Okay. I think Joe probably told you that, that he worked for the Japanese on exactly that issue. But she does it for someone else doing the same sort of thing.


Interesting. Is this stuff still within government? I know that the, the project shut down. I would love it to be and probably is a good time to dig, dig into that a bit. A Navy SEAL who will remain name nameless, invited us to try to restart Stargate. This was after Stargate was closed and it, it never actually happened, but for technical reasons. But I think what's interesting is that, What do you mean technical reasons? The person in charge, I don't wanna mention her name, it was an intelligence officer in, in the, in Hawaii.


And there were other reasons I wanted to put her outta business. So it just, the money didn't come forward and we actually didn't do the experiment. But it, it turns out that the working class people, not the managers, like the intelligence officers love this stuff. It works extremely well for them. That answers questions that couldn't get by normal intelligence means the problem is we try to get started again at the management level. You know, flag officer level, kill it. They wouldn't take it. Interesting. Can I ask when that Navy SEAL invited you to give the presentation?


Was it recently? Yeah. No, not recently. Probably 15 years ago. 15 years ago. Yeah. Okay. So people ask me, do you think the government's still doing it? My answer is I hope so, but I don't believe they are. Okay. And surprisingly enough, most of the money came under Republican administrations. No kidding. Yeah. Why do you think they aren't doing it anymore? For a number of reasons. First off, intelligence collection has drastically improved over the years compared to what was going on during the Cold War.


And so it's not needed as much. It's often used in law enforcement. There's a book written by a sociologist called the Blue Shield. And when he analyze the, the workings of psychics with police departments and sometimes that's quite valuable. But in terms of the intelligence collection world, it's not needed as much as, as it used to be. Okay. Literally. I mean, it's noisy data. It has, it should never like be sole sourced. And I don't mind saying this in public. I was on a television interview show with a Nightline and opposite me was Robert Gates, CIA director at the time.


And the, the, the Larry, Larry King, I think it was the fellow interviewing me, they in the green room, they said, you should interrupt and you know, make it really lively. And I caught this, the previous director of Robert Gates, my moan fear was sitting there, was gonna call him Bill Gates. So I called him Mr. Director all the time on tv. And it turns out that he said this all the, there was no actionable single source. He used the term single source application. That was correct. That was useful. And I said, excuse me sir, you should never sole source information for actionable intelligence.


We got into trouble that way, haven't we? So Larry came, said, let's move on. Interesting. And that's true. And there are, I mean, it wasn't perfect, but it was good enough and to, to keep people coming back. Very interesting. Thank you. Well, we're gonna move into the beginning of your career. Oh, but before we do, I have a, I have a subscription account and it's Patreon. They, they are top supporters. They've been here since the beginning. They're the reason that I get to have this awesome job and interview amazing people like yourself.


Thank you. And so one of the things I do for their extra support and love is I give them the opportunity to ask the guest a question. Alright, So this question comes from John Paul, excuse me. In your research into psychics and remote viewing, was there any indication of a spiritual or extra dimensional connection that may have suggested that viewers are being helped by or connecting with other entities, spirits, watchers, or other beings that then transmit information and visual perception of remote locations back to the viewer?


No, no, no. I it deserves a better answer than, that was a very interesting question. Those are important questions. Humans have been worrying about that ever since we scamper down from the trees. Those are really important questions. There's an idea in physics that says, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. So our approach has been just straight hard line physics, physiology and psychology and physiology and these spiritual issues, however important they are. And it may influence people's reason to do this.


But the question is, is that part of the mechanism by which it occurs? I don't think so. And the reason for that is if it's pan human, what it means is remote view remote viewers can be found in Beijing, China. They can be found in Saudi Arabia, they can find in India, even found here in Tennessee, for goodness sakes. Oh my goodness. In California, it, it goes across, there's no cultural reason. This does not work. And that is very good. I think more than substantial evidence. That is a genuine phenomenon, part of the, the homo sapien species. And if that is true, and it's a big, if let's say, then it can't depend upon a particular spiritual worldview.


'cause there are so many different spiritual worldviews including having none. Hmm. Most of our people are non-religious at all. Fascinating. Now, maybe meditation, which I don't think that I would go so far to call that religion, but way to quiet your mind. There are many techniques. There was a, a conference arranged by our colleagues in Brazil. It took place in Alexander, Virginia. And there were five remote viewers and three managers. And what was fascinating to me, I went on for two days and we tape recorded the whole thing. That there was no two remote viewers that did the same technique.


One person does it by dreaming, another person does it like we just did business like across the table. Other people have tried meditation, other people have tried music listening to that first. I mean, the whole kinds of really bizarre ways doesn't matter. If, you wanna stand in the corner and spit nickels out of your mouth and do remove hearing that way. We're happy with that. Whatever works, works. And our job is to try to figure out what is going on with that, what is going on. And we can talk a little bit about that later on in the interview mechanisms. I would love to do that. So what you, basically what you're saying is that you think that this is species specific to humans.


Yeah. Now, not exclusively, but what that means is there isn't a culture in central Africa, let's say, or in in Norway that can't do remote viewing. Any, anybody, any human can do it now. Like any other skill that humans have, there's a spectrum. Some people are really dead on with it And, some people can't do it at all. And most people are somewhere in between. So maybe we get into some history before we dive into your nuclear physics career. Oh dear. Okay, go ahead. Since we're on the subject, but you know, I had spoken about this with Joe and on on on the, on the show here, and it sounds like, if I remember correctly, it sounds like he thinks the same thing.


That this was kind of, maybe, maybe we've lost maybe the majority of the species or, or maybe lost is the wrong word, but we, we've lost the ability to do this. Or at least we, we, we we're having troubles accessing it. So if this is human specific When, I mean, what's the evolution of this and how did we, how did the majority of us, am I saying this correct, lo lost the capability, or at least don't know how to access I. don think I disagree with Joe on that. I I see no evidence that we've lost it. I could be don don't wanna misspoke. Yeah Yeah misspeak.


So Now I'll tell you why. I mean, as we we'll talk later on in the interview, I've done a lot of work with the Russians now and there's a cultural difference between Russia and the us. One of is that, it was kind of a misnomer in my view that the Russians are non-religious. They're very religious. They're like six or eight churches in the Kremlin alone. And Stalin attended one church through an each week through entire years of the Stalin. This era, they're very religious, but it's the, it's the Russian Orthodox church.


And if you've ever attended a Russian Orthodox ceremony, there's nothing but mysticism. You go, there's no pews to sit there. You stand around and the priest never even looks at you and he's mumbling something incoherent in to an icon on the wall. So it's very kind of mystical. Whereas after, after, after Luther and the, the rise of Vatican ii, what's happened unfortunately is we've taken mysticism out of the practice of religious things. We don't, the Roman Catholic Church doesn't can give the mass in local languages instead of Latin. And so my wife thought about this, and I'm digging into it with some colleagues, that one of the reasons ESP is so well accepted within the culture in Russia and not so here, is that they're used to mysticism and people here.


Well, what do you mean take the mysticism out of it? And frankly, our work is not mystical at all. It's hard notes, physics, physiology, And, And, arithmetic, fuzzy sets. I wanna, I wanna reiterate, I I maybe I've misspoken, but I remember talking to Jill about how communication was in early times, talking caveman times that that that communication was a lot more efficient and deliberate than it is now. Because And And and the conversation was basically saying is language came about, it took us longer. It takes longer for me to describe to you what I'm thinking And And trying to convey to you at this moment in time when, but rewind, you know, thousands and thousands of years ago it was, it was pointing grunting expression, And And.


What he was saying is as we started to travel more and more in groups and safety, that we kind of And And language was kind of developed. That that, that our thoughts and the way we communicated became less, became less efficient behavior. And. So maybe what he was, I should have listened to this before this interview, but maybe what he was saying is that because of the over complicated communication that we were developing, some of the other things may have slipped. Well, remote viewing isn't so much about conversation, it's about action. I mean there was a fellow by the name of Rick Stanford no longer with us, a psychologist who invented a procedure.


And basically the bottom line of it was, if this is true, that it is innate to human beings. Some are better than others, that we probably use it at a level of unconsciousness. We don't know we're using it. And I can give you a firsthand experience like that. I was teaching at City College of San Francisco physics and a colleague of mine was coming, coming from the east coast in San Francisco and part of a convention in downtown San Francisco. It was before cell phones. And we had arranged that I'd pull up in front of the hotel at five o'clock the any evening and we'd go out for dinner together. Okay, it's about a a 25 minute drive from the school till that's, and I think, well to get there at five, I've gotta leave here at quarter, quarter after four, avoid traffic.


I said, I'm not gonna do that. It's a big giant pain. And I gave myself all kinds of arguments why I don't want to do it. Not psychic at all. I'm sitting in my office, right? And finally I said, oh, he's gonna be really angry. So I eventually showed up an hour late, pulled up in front of the hotel, he came running outta the hotel. How long have you been here? I just got here. Oh thank God I have no reaching you. I couldn't meet you at five. So how did I do that? One explanation is I use my own unconscious psychic ability that we all have to maneuver through life more efficiently than I would otherwise have. And there's a lot of data to support that other than just my own personal experience.


Pretty interesting. Very interesting. Why do you think people like Joe are able to access this so much more efficiently? And And deliberately than others? Than others? Well you could train me, get the best high jumping trainer for the Olympics and train the tail off me. And man, I can clear six inches, not six feet, no matter what. So some people have innate natural skill. Joe is one of them. There are a group of people who think they can train to almost an unlimited skill level. And you can't do that.


You can only train to whatever the native skill level is. Why Joe had that and Angela has it, other people do, about 1% of selected population have a native skill set for that 1%. That's a huge number when you think about it. It's much larger than the number of people that can learn piano well enough to give a recital at Carnegie Hall. Fair enough. So our job is to figure out the answer to that question. I mean, right at the moment I'm working with some neuroscientists in Brazil to try to figure out what makes the difference between Joe's brain or somebody like him and someone who can't do remote viewing under lab conditions. If we figure that out, we make a giant step forward.


What are they saying so far? Nothing yet. Nothing yet. It's a very difficult problem. They don't even understand much of standard neuroscience. That's something as weird as this. What do you think? My colleague and I wrote a paper together and published it in what's called sage, which is a respected journal online called Extra, let's see, extrasensory perception, a Multiphasic Model of Precognition. In other words, we have a testable hypothesis of how this might work. Now turns I, don Dunno if you've heard the term synesthesia.


I Have not. Synesthesia is well known about 4% of the population experience it. They, people who have synesthesia called syn seats can they see numbers And color. They experience music viscerally in their stomach rather than listening through their ears. It's sort of like crosstalk about various parts of the sensory systems in the brain. And that's been confirmed with a functional MRI and so on. So for all of our participants, including Joe and Angela, and they all have synesthesia, all of them. And that is a huge clue about what's going on. And what that means is in the white matter of the brain, there's a lot of communication going back and forth across the brain.


And we pause it. It needs to be shown if it's true or not, that someone who is really psychic, like Joe will have much more hyper conductivity inside the white matter of his brain. Then the average person will. If that's true, we're home free. So we're working toward that end. Wow, very interesting. Very. How long have they been working on that? Down in Brazil? Two years. Two years. We're just barely getting started. In fact, Angela and I are going down to Brazil sometime later this summer as what's called a case study. We're gonna put her in a scanner and see how her brain is configured compared to baseline people.


So. we shall see. I can't wait to hear about that. Well, let's dive into you. Okay, So nuclear physics, how did we get into nuclear physics? What was the interest? Well, I went to boys boarding school from seventh grade onward. So my sophomore year I took biology and I thought I'm gonna be a biologist. My junior year I took chemistry. No, no, no, I'm gonna be a chemist. Guess what? My class, what was in my senior year was physics. And the, that's goofing around a little bit. But the real serious issue, I've never had a good memory. And in physics you don't have to remember as much stuff as you need to in these other disciplines.


There's no complicated Latin names for stuff and things of that nature. And you can remember just a few basic things and derive other things that you need because you're pretty good at arithmetic. You don't have to remember it. And that's part of the reasons why I did it. I got interested because the toys were fun accelerators and high speed electronics and things like that was lots of fun. And I was darn good at it. How long were you involved in in nuclear physics? Where did, where did you Well kind graduate school, which I started in 1963 and I finally quit doing that in probably 1970.


And I, I had a second postdoc. I was a postdoctoral researcher in nuclear physics at the University of California at Davis, California. And I thought I was in academic world and I'm about ready to go to my second postdoc appointment at the University of Indiana. And I flew to Indiana and I told my prospective new boss, I can't do this anymore. The toys are fun and I'm good at it, but I just don't care about the underlying issue. Nuclear structure and nuclear reaction mechanisms. Not nuclear power or bombs or any of that stuff. And he said, okay, we'll leave the job open for a year, And. I said, okay, If, you want to, but I'm done with it.


And my father went ballistic because we put all this money and all this education. You're tossing it aside. Well I didn't actually toss it aside. I'm still using it. The techniques. When did you work for the Rand Corporation? Oh golly. I was 20 years old for the next five, six years as a summer student. I loved it. I was in the earth and planetary sciences doing atmospheric physics work at that time. What is the brand corporation? Can you explain that? Yeah, it's an organization's kind of a think tank based in Santa Monica, California, right on the beach. It's kind of a marvelous place to work.


It's very theoretically oriented. And if I were a better theorist, I'd probably still be working there 'cause it was so much fun and interesting. They do everything from upper atmosphere physics, which was what I was involved in to mutual assured destruction during Cold War that came out of the Rand Corporation. That whole idea. Or if all of a sudden Chicago left the map in a giant explosion, we would, according to the Rand Corporation, which was then accepted as policy, we would not immediately go to war. That might have been a mistake, a horrible mistake, but If it were a hell of a mistake. That's one thing. but If, other missiles were on the way then we're on We, go to war.


And I thought that was a wise decision at that time. I loved it. It was good fun. Were you involved in researching future weapons and things of this nature Under Stargate? Yes, we were. We wanted to know the answer, not the development of the weapons. More importantly was remote viewing capable of sensing exotic new weapons? The answer to that short answer was yes. Okay. So that goes into Stargate. Okay. There was a couple of loose ends I wanted to tie up there. But let's, let's move into, so you gave up your career as a nuclear physicist.


How did you get into, I mean, 49 years of research that has to do with ESP? Very good question. My boss at the University of California at Davis was a guy named John Youngerman, And And. I, I didn't know anything about psychic stuff, never heard about it at all. And he came to me and he said, ed, would you would like to help me do this really interesting experiment. Said whatcha talking about, well, there's a pendulum going back and forth, back and forth. And the pendulum had at the bottom of it, a really very carefully designed very silver good mirror. And the pendulum was designed, youngerman did all this work, not me. I was just there and it was had a heartbeat period.


Boom. But one, one swing each second. Okay. And we could use laser interferometry to know the position of that pendulum down to a fraction of a wavelength of light very accurately. So it's a really accurate thing. And then we want to know whether people can concentrate on it. And by magical psychokinesis mind over matter, could they either increase or decrease that swinging pendulum? That was the whole idea. The problem is it was sensitive. That means the sensitive to everything end. The end of the story was we had probably the most sensitive interstate 80 truck detector in history, which was two miles away.


So, we had to give it away. But I was like in my early thirties, 31 or so, and I saw an advertisement by a, well-known psychologist, Dr. Charles Tart. Charlie Tart. He did the definitive work early on in altered states of consciousness. In fact, they, he was mentioned even in the movie called Altered States. And he said, well there's a weekend seminar here by a guy named Bob Monroe who I'd never heard of Monroe Institute, And. Oh, nothing better to do. I'll go and listen. They're talking about outof body experiences Outta what? Huh? Outof body. You're gotta be nuts. What are you talking about? So here's this 50-year-old guy up there talking about the weirdest thing I've ever heard in my life.


That he gets out of his body. And while he was out of his body, prince his girlfriend on the butt and raised a slight welt. Oh really? And he wrote a book called Journeys Out of the Body, which I'd recommend I I have it on my shelf at home. Read it, read it in two, two sittings. And I thought, well, he's a businessman. I'm a physicist. I can do this if he can. And so I gave it a good college try for a couple nights, nothing happened. And I put away on the shelf saying, oh, it's so silliness. Well, I was down at uc, Berkeley doing straight physics on the cyclotron lab there. And I saw another flyer saying, the science of extrasensory perception is a science of ESP.


Are you kidding me? Oh. So I wanted to go hear that talk. And that talk was given by a guy named Mr. Charles Ton, who's no longer with us, I'm sorry to say. And he was talking science, I mean really statistics and how to what Doubleblind protocols. And I learned about that from him. And he became my mentor actually, and got me into this field. Really? Yeah. Where did you go from there? He went to Edinborough. We actually helped him financially to get to Edinburgh to get his PhD. He never finished college, but he was a very, very clever, smart fellow and borough took him on as a PhD student and he dropped dead on the scene there.


Unfortunately, he had a congenital heart problem that took him away. Oh man. Yeah. But it can, but I mean, your research, from what I understand, never ceased. So where did you go from, where did you go from there? Well, I met Ingo Swan, Ingo Swan's, a well-known artist and psychic. And we did some work together with Chuck Otton at Mamos Medical Center in Brooklyn in the Department of Psychiatry in the basement. They had a, a parapsychology lab doing dream telepathy experiments. And that's been written up by the chairman of the by at Yale University.


What is Dream telepathy? Somebody's in a, in a isolated chamber going to sleep and they're monitoring movements of the eyes while the person's asleep. So you can tell when they're dreaming. 'cause when you're dreaming you get what's called REM sleep back and forth, back and forth. And so an experimenter would see on the chart that the, he's re sleeping. He'd press a button and somebody down the hall had view masters. Those things would click three dimensional pictures of a, of a scene. And they were supposed to project somehow magically that information to the person's dream. Then in the morning when they woke up, they, they had the actual view master that was used for the stimulus plus three others.


And the participant had to decide which one was the right one. And that worked exceptionally well. So the view master was a, was a, It's a, it's a round thing like with little slide pictures in it, all of the same theme. And as you, it is three dimensions where you look through it and you click on it to the next view of the same scene. And so one of those scenes would've been in their dream? Yeah. Not, yeah, not scenes, but one of the whole discs of a th the, the disc of a view master was all on the same theme, but different views of the same thing. Okay. So there were different view masters with different scenes altogether.


And the, the person had to pick out which one was the right one. What do you mean? The right one? The right one. That was The one the person was staring through while the person was dreaming all through the night. Oh, And, And. That that worked. Yeah, bet. Big time. So you kind of came into this as a skeptic it sounds Like. Yeah, I'm still a skeptic actually, with regard to Mind over matter. So-called psychos, But you, you came in as to the presentation to the Monroe Institute as a skeptic. Then you got, you were really drawn to the, to the science talk. Yeah. Worked with them then moved over to, to this what I mean, so what Well, there was one amusing thing though.


When we'd answer the phone in the basement of Maim Monte's Medical Center, we'd say, hello, division of parapsychology. May we tell you, tell you who's who's calling. And that cognitive dissonance on the phone we talking about. But that was really good research there actually. How long did that go on for? Oh God. Run by Stanley Krippner. Well-known name in the field. It was just turned 90. And Alan Vaughn and Alan Vaughn introduced me to Ingle Swan. That's how I met Ingle actually. And so what was, when you were doing the, the, sorry, what was it called? Dream Yeah.


I was not involved in the dream research. You were not involved in the dream research. What were they looking for? Say they made the connection. Okay. They're the dreamer is able to identify. Yeah. Now the question is how and why. We're still asking that question. But what Chuck Ton said is no researcher wants to stay up all night. It's a hard way to get 1 1 1 set of data all night. 'cause you, you do multiple dreams dreaming time over the night, four or five times each. So, and you don't get, as a researcher, you don't get any sleep. Yeah. So he said, well what is it about the nature of dreaming that makes us seem to work?


So he guessed that it's what called somatosensory reduction. In other words, you don't feel cold or hot and your body is in a very comfortable relaxed chair. So he said, well there's other ways to do that beside being asleep. So he invented something from the research elsewhere in Germany called Feld, meaning whole field. And what they do is they put you in, and it's an extremely interesting thing, they take a p pong ball, cut it in half, And And g gently glue it over your eyes and shine a soft red light in your face. So no matter where you look, you just see a, a pattern less feature of the same kind of color, no gradients in it at all.


And do the same thing with your ears, with very quiet white noise. What you hear is sh right. So there's no pattern. And what happens, it is bizarre as hell. I've been a participant in those, those kinds of studies. you know, your eyes are open, you're told to keep your eyes open and you know it's red and all of a sudden it's dark. The red experience vanishes. Your brain says, well there isn't any patterns here. We give up. So it's a kind of altered states of consciousness, except it happens at 20 minutes, not all night long. And when that, when that happens, then they do the same thing with the view masters or more, more sophisticated ways of picking a target.


The participant still has to choose which of the four possible targets is the right one. So when, when the red goes away in the brain, sounds like the brain essentially shuts down In that visional, that vision. Yes. Is The participant aware of what's going on or are they completely No, they know they're doing an a side experiment, but they don't know what's happening outside of their world. Do, are they conscious enough to know that the red light is gone and react to it? Yeah, I've been there doing it not as a participant, you know, just to experience what the feld is like. It's bizarre. I know my eyes are open, but it's just black. What The Hell is going on. Now that gets to an interesting point for later on because all of our sensory systems, the the big five that we know about, there's more these days than we have five.


They're all more sensitive to things that are changing than things are not. So you're lying outside on a nice clear night, no street lights or what have you. And you see the stars is really beautiful. What catches your attention is the satellite that goes over and cops have blinking lights on purpose because steady lights are not as attractive as something that's changing. So that gets us to something more interesting later on, about a mechanism, how this works. Can we, can we explore that right now? Or would you rather We for sure. Why not? So we argued that if the s and extrasensory perception really is sensory, then the big five things we know is there must be something that works better when that thing, whatever it is, is changing compared to when that thing is not changing.


'cause otherwise that's the, that's the way our other sensory work. Maybe the ESP sensory part works the same way it does and we found it, and that turns out to be something little harder to describe is the changing of the entropy of the target system. And that works extremely well. Can you elaborate? Sure. Best way to do that as an example, Entropy is a measure of chaos and things that are, for example, If, you put your water, which has molecules bouncing around in it like Madden and put it in an ice tray and stick it in your freezer.


It freezes them. What happens is that's a, a serious drop in entropy because it's less chaotic. Now there's a side issue here called the second law, thermodynamics, which don don't have to get into If. you reach behind your fridge, you know, it's pretty warm behind a refrigerator. The heat that's taken out of the water to make ice is overly compensated by the hot behind the, the counter, behind the behind the fridge. But nonetheless, that change of entropy that's called is what correlates with the quality of remote viewing. And there's no doubt about it. Now we have nine studies that all agree about that. So it says it is in fact a sensory system.


Now we understand how if you're looking on the beach and the, the sun is sinking into the Pacific, it is well known those photons hit your eyes. And how, how that carries the information into your eyelids. It doesn't tell you anything about what's, how you're going to respond that to those photons hitting your eyes. you know, you and I are sitting at the same beach. You're, you, you start crying because you got engaged on that beach. I'm crying because my mother killed herself on that same beach. It's the same photon. So all that is generated in internally with each human being, but still in terms of, of the remote viewing stuff. The correlation with the entropy is, is gorgeous. Now it's really quite well established What you had mentioned, five sensories, you know, side smell, taste, touch.


What am I missing? What are the other sensories that you were Oh, the new ones? Yes. Well, echolocation people can talk. Go And And, drive a, a complicated system on a bicycle and avoid all the accidents. I Just saw, I just saw a mini dock on this. Yeah, that's one magnetic field sensing for some people. What is that To sense? Magnetic fields, you know, in fact they, they worry about, well, there's a power line over me. My sensory system tells me, don't be near that 'cause it's disturbing the magnetic field and I can experience it.


Some people have that ability. Not everybody. Not everybody can do echo location. Not everybody can do remote viewing. It's like other human skills. There's a big spectrum. Have you looked at mediumship? Interesting door? There's two kinds of medium ships. Excuse me. One is informational medium. You a medium sits there and communicates with a dis disin carded entity, let's say. And you're finding out what, what that person has to say. You're old Uncle Harry passed away and you want to ask questions about it. And so on my way of thinking if, if Uncle Harry was a moron during your life, what about the left death experience?


Wised him up any, but the question always is, it's really interesting. I'm gonna take a a small break here on the talk. There is a worldwide organization founded by Margaret Mead, very famous woman. She was in charge of the American society, no Triple a s, American Association for the Advancement of Science. And she inducted the Parapsychological Association as one of the affiliate, me affiliate members of that organization. And they still are part of that. So it's a very serious thing. And, okay, so I was a member of the PARAPSYCHOLOGICAL associate for years.


And I went to the current president, I was president one year, and on their board and all that, I went to this fellow, his name is Dean Radden. I said, Dean, I'm quitting the organization. He said, okay, what can I bribe you to do to stay for another year? And I sort of said, how much are you offering me? And he said, okay, we'll give you how about the career achievement award? I said, okay, fair enough. So the rules are that If, you get the Career Achievement award, which I got that you give an invited talk at the next year's convention about all your glorious con contribution to P si research. Okay? So I'm there in my coat and tie and I'm behind the podium.


And I said, look, you guys have known me for 30 years and my contribution to this field is well established. Then I walked in front of the podium and put my hands on my hips. And I say, now let me tell you what's wrong with you bastard. And I, I, I ripped everybody apart, including me. I said, look, I'm a physicist. There is no way in hell I should be doing psychophysiology measurements. What do I know about that? I'll make all the mistakes that the people who started that made mistakes. And we are all amateurs in that regard, including me. We're wasting our time. I would never involve, invite a student to get into the area until they get a serious degree in some other discipline.


And I bragged a little bit. And then I said, it's actually something I'm, that's sorrowful and that is I hold, held a 20 year career job where I was paid industrial scale wages and benefits and vacation and all that sort of thing, medical care. And I had no other job at parapsychology research. And as far as I know, and it's been confirmed, there's no one else in the, in parapsychology history that can make that claim. And that's pathetic. You need to have a way to make a living that way. Why would you do it? So I, I don't know if I can say this on camera, but I'll say it and then you can edit it out.


I said, You know, I've been studying, I'm a physicist. I don't know anything about psychology, but I've been studying Freud a little bit. And You know dramatic way I did it. I said, you know, I've discovered why women are not as good remote viewers as men. Well that turns out not true. I just said that. And I hesitated and I said, penis envy. And the whole crowd started laughing hysterically. And I said, that is the right response to stupidity. What I said was made up and stupid.


Now I'd like to know how come you don't have the same response when you are pushing quantum mechanics as an explanation for this phenomenon? You could have heard a pin drop. That was the whole point of the thing. People came up to me, boy, we loved your talk. I, I thought they were dialing the tar and feather company to come and grab me. And that paper's written up. It's been sanitized so it isn't quite so grim. And I can send a copy to you, If, you want, thank you. Because it does raise an issue. There are three things that we don't know. No one knows. Number one, how long does If you have a psychic experience? How long does it last? And that's really important to know.


If it comes in bursts of milliseconds, there's no point in putting in an MRI machine 'cause that takes 10 seconds to do anything, let alone milliseconds. Forget about it. And second one is when most particular good remote viewers do not have control over their remote viewing. In fact, Joe and I talk a lot about what opens this. Look, if we have access as humans to all space at all time, and we were cognitively aware of it, to use a technical psychiatric term, we'd go bogus looney in a heartbeat. You just overflow that information in your head. So the the question proposes then, what opens that door to that vast array of information and what closes that door?


We don't know the answer to either of those. One example of which, we did a study with Joe McMonagle at Stanford and we didn't get any result in the study. Part of the reason is everything that was happening to Joe Psychically happened to him when he was pulling into the parking lot. He had did not have control over that. So by the time we wired him up, the psychic stuff was over. And that's a serious problem. In fact, I sent back $150,000 grant. I had to study skin conductance in an MRI in Scotland with psychic stuff. And I decided don don't know who to put into the scanner or when that's a waste of money.


And I sent the money back and we, we, we reprogrammed it. These are serious issues and I've got some experiments on the drawing board now to, to test some of them. But it's a real tough problem. Back to mediumship. Okay? Oh yeah, sorry. Got diverted there. The other form of mediumship is called physical mediumship. And my colleague, Sonali Awa is main person behind this with her colleague in in Brazil, Everton Aldi. And she found 2,500 or so documents dating back to the 15th century on its physical mediumship.


Now it's all fraud, all of it. And what that means, I mean the not our views, this is in the literature. People are with top scientists of the day, including Michael Faraday, well known physicist. And the other problem with it is it's primarily contained into one culture. Remember I said earlier, things are pan human, it can't be in one culture. This is in the spiritist community in Brazil mostly. Okay. And you know, they get pretty clever. Now, my colleagues down in Brazil have spent a rather huge sum of money to redo the experiments.


And, I kept saying, all you're doing is making better measurements that had gone before. And we'll see. But I don't, I don't think it's real. You don't think so, do you? You don't think any medium ship is real? No. Physical medium ship. Physical medium Ship. Yeah, but informational, medium ship, of course it's real. In fact, Julie Beel from University of Arizona, she form formulated what's called the Wind Bridge Institute. And actually wrote a chapter in one of her books. They now are doing grief counseling. This by using this method. you know, uncle Harry passed away and the all their history survivor survivors are grieving.


So the the medium gets in touch with that person. Disin carded entity. If it's real in a sense, it doesn't matter whether it's real or not. So I'm sorry, this is a a little bit of information overload for me. So the two types of medium ship again are What? Informational medium. Informational medium. They give you information about what the disin, the survival of bodily death. That person is talking to the medium. And that medium is telling you what the medium, what the spirit told her. Physical medium ship means creating things outta thin air. Like ectoplasm, this weirdly weird stuff. Or physically men, it was called table tipping.


In the early days, the tables would rise up and it's all done in the dark. Tables would ride up and move or table wrapping. You'd hear people banging on the table. Spirits doing that. And physical mediumship is what you're saying is That's what I'm just telling you. It's all Fraud. I think so According to your research, you had brought up the magnetic fields, which actually caught my attention about people who maybe don't wanna walk under power lines because it interrupts their magnetic field. What do they, what do they say about that? It's a very controversial area. I, as a woman I know in Moscow, Natalia lab Deba, she did the definitive work on If.


you hold your cell phone up to your ear. Like a lot of people walk around all the time. Is that radiation hurting your, hurting you in some way? And the answer for her research. No, she got the Lenin prize for her excellent work in science. She's come to visit me in Palo Alto. Interesting woman, very smart. She worked for an organization called the Institute for Higher Nervous Activity like that. don don't know whether that's what she meant, but very competent. Whether or not there's danger for living under a power line. I really don't know the answer, don. Don't think anybody does. But a lot of people think there must be and they choose never to live under them.


So what do you think about people that have this sensory? Oh well, that don't magnetic sensory. That that's a real phenomenon. I mean, for example, If, you have hemoglobin in your blood, which we all do. Hemoglobin has a magnetic aspect to it. So it's not at all surprising that in fact homing pigeons get to where they're going because they can see the earth's magnetic field feel the earth's magnetic field in their own blood. And some humans can do that also, that are better at it. Fascinating stuff. Yeah, fascinating stuff. Well, Edwin, let's, let's take a quick break. Okay? And when we come back, we'll get into your time at SRI


listen up, no matter who wins the election, I'm still buying gold and silver. We're $35 trillion in debt and we have a government that none of us trust. So try to protect your money while you still can. Go to sean likes gold.com. You'll learn about the top rated precious metals company Goldco and how they can help you. They're a great company top rated over 6,005 star reviews and tons of awards and they support the show. And for my listeners, you can get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. So if you're worried about your money losing value or you just wanna buy some precious metals that you can physically hold onto something that is real that's been around for thousands of years, Goldco can help. So go to sean likes gold.com. That's Sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


Folks, you know it. America has never been this close to collapse. To make matters worse, we're right around the corner from an unprecedented political powder keg. And folks, the sparks are flying. But Smart Americans know this and are fighting back by investing in emergency preparedness now while they still can. And I strongly urge you to do the same by going to prepare with sean.com Right now in my Patriot supply, you'll find the best in class survival, food critical, potentially life-saving gear like solar generators, biomass stoves, water filters, heirloom seeds, and much, much more. Everything you'll need to deal with what's right around the corner for this country. My Patriot supplies tenacious, largest and most trusted emergency preparedness company and has helped over 3 million American families prepare for the unthinkable. Their famous, delicious food kits, which are packed in ultra durable, heavy duty pouches, deliver over 2000 calories a day and can last up to two and a half decades in storage. Plus your essential supplies ship lightning fast, which frankly these days could make all the difference order by 3:00 PM and your supplies will ship that same day in discreet unmarked boxes. Go to prepare with sean.com right now so you can join the ranks of the elite Americans who are ready for what's coming


In this ad for the mobile one brand. I have 30 seconds to talk about driving, which might be what you're doing right now. Maybe you're in the car, you're free, you're in control on an open road with an open calendar, your mind is wandering and you're going with it. Or maybe you're stuck at work in meetings or emails or worse meetings about emails. And if that's the case, there's only one question why mobile one for the love of driving visit. Love of driving us slash radio to learn more.


Alright everyone, we're back from the break. Okay, we're gonna get into some SRI stuff. So very good. In 1975, you joined the ongoing US government sponsored work at SRI, formerly called Stanford Research Institute. You became interested in Parapsychological phenomenon and in 1985 became the program's director. Can we dive into how you got involved with SRI? Well, it was late 75 as a consultant that was arranged by Ango Swan. Okay. Because Ingle and I had worked together at Ma Monte's Medical Center and published some of our results.


And he couldn't tell me that it was all classified, But he said to me, you know, you're a physicist, gee, I'm involved in some work at SRI that involves physics and I'd, I'd like to know whether you'd be interested if I were to bring it up. And I said, well, I need to learn more about it. Well, lemme go talk to other people in California about it first. So I found out later, INO threw one of his infamous tantrums and screamed and yelled. And so to defend himself, I think Hal hired, hired me as a consultant. My job was 'cause being a physics manager in experimental work, not theory, there was a magnetometer that was being used at the laboratory.


And the idea was that Engle was supposed to use his psychic ability to distort the magnetic field around the magnetometer. And I said, okay, fair enough. I'm, I'm good at debugging these things. Let's see what happened. So I went And, I bought a few dollars bar magnet, little tiny bar magnet, and the magnetometer was in the lab and I was outside in the hall and I just walked doing this with the bar magnet, flipping it back and forth. But I think, and the strip chart recorder followed my thing. In other words, it wasn't as well isolated as it should have been. So in a sense I did my job as to show that it, it's, Hey, don't put much faith in this, fix it or quit.


It was funded by the Navy actually. So that was part of it, what started it. And I ended up being a consultant all the way up until 79. And finally they decided to hire me as a, a senior research physicist and was, my consulting was not part-time. I was full-time consultant. Okay. Yeah. So they hired me as senior research physicist and went on from there. What kind of stuff were you guys getting into there? Well, well, well we, the agency, well first of all, people think of our program as an s as a CIA program.


They accounted for less than 2% of our entire funding. Really? Yeah. They didn't fund us. Well, let's talk about, so you were on effect was 1%. Were you on there when the agency started funding? I was there while it was still funding it, But not at the beginning, no. Can you talk about, do you, do you have knowledge about what caught the CIA's interest? Yes. In this program. In fact, it's in one of my published books about it because the CIA released it. One of the things that's really fun in my briefing is to make fun of the, the CIA, which I do extensively because the Congress ordered the CIA to release everything now.


So there are like five or six copies of the same paper with different redactions on each of these paper. So I've got a letter signed by William Casey, the director of, of CIA, where his name is not redacted, all the other versions of it. His name is Redacted. And it says, you know, released by the CIA with this number, you know, so it's not, I'm not breaking any laws. Right. They did it and the only thing they redacted damn thing was the author of the memo to, to, to Casey starting the program. And they didn't redact his name and only redacted his signature.


And you can see that 'cause a little bit of the part of his signature sneaks out underneath the redaction. Wow. Come on guys. I mean it was, they didn't give a damn, you know, they were just doing it all together. But What, what, what caught their attention to give any funding whatsoever? Very good question. And I think I know the answer to that. It was Ingo Swan, actually, Ingo was doing some work, first of all, back up. There's an organization in in London called the Society for Psychical Research. And it was founded in 1882 by some of the top scientists of that era. And that spawned a number of sister organizations, one of which was called the American Society for Psychical Research based on 73rd Street in New York, Manhattan.


In fact, I was invited to give a talk there. So I went to my management at SRI, they did some background and said, oh my God, that's older than the American Physical Society. So go. Which I did. But the A SPR worked with Ingle Swan and it turns out that Ingle could describe some randomly chosen target in, in the above the tiles in the roof over his head. And a guy named Thick was Ken Crest in those days, an agency fellow s and t Shop Guy Science and Technology. Yeah. Right. Said, well, if this is real, we probably don't think it is, but it has intelligence implications if it is real.


And long story short, it was real. Who was the First what, I guess not who, what was the first agency? I mean, this went to lots of, lots of organizations got caught interest in this. I mean the Central Intelligence Agency. The Defense Intelligence Agency. Yeah, I know, I know exactly how it moved. Intelligence Arms of the Army, Navy, air Force and Marines, US Secret Service, department of State, the Department of Justice, and the FBI. Okay. I mean all of these organizations caught wind of this and expressed interest. Well, let's put it this way. Eventually.


Yeah, eventually. Basically the CI was in, in deep trouble 'cause of, of the Nixon administration and they wanted to get out the business themselves. They already had a big problem on their hands. And FTD, foreign Technology division of the Air Force based out of Wright Patterson Air Force Base took up the, the CO took it up after that. Our contract monitor was a guy named Dale Graf and he's still around. Delightful man, personal friend. And he was a contract monitor and So, we had funding from FTD from the Air Force for a while. And then a long, very complicated story.


It doesn't matter how it happened. But Dale shifted over to Defense Intelligence Agency and he left FTD as a, as a civilian employee to the Air Force. And he went, he's a physicist. And And moved to actually Bowling re Air Force Base, which is part of the, the diac Defense Intelligence Agency Analysis Center is what that's called. Okay. In Washington. And then he became our contract where we got a lot of money from, from DIA What were they wanting you to do? Unfortunately not research. It's all intelligence collection.


So they kept giving us tasking to do this. This was long before Fort Mead remote viewers were involved. No kidding. So this, so this We, yeah, we did it for the most part until 1970, probably 1979. So was the funding to actually collect or was the funding was to collect it wasn't to research. No, absolutely. And we bitched and moaned about it. We did have, we could do some research 'cause we heard, well the Russians are doing so and so well. Is that real So? we would do research to see whether that had any validity to it or not. What Was it the Russians were doing that caught their attention? Well, let's see, quite a number of things. One of the things were somebody down in Crimea had, I think there were rats running around and somebody in Moscow was using their influence to change the behavior of the rats.


And we said, okay, we we're not gonna do this with rats, but it's involved psychokinesis. so we did some psychokinesis research. Can you talk about psychokinesis? Yeah. It's means mind over matter. It's a long, long thing. And there are two ways, two ways of thinking about that. One is behavior or physical system that you need statistics to understand whether something's really happening and or what's called macro pk, that you don't need statistics. Like you just levitate to the ceiling. You don't need statistics. The guy's doing it. Right. So I argue with my colleague in India right now, there's something called Poltergeist.


Have you ever heard of that term? No, I haven't. What that means is noisy toy, noisy ghost. And so there's a lot of work on Poltergeist phenomenon. Very strange things happen. And I leave the door open that maybe something interesting is actually happening there. A very respected guy at taught for 50 years at the Institute for Transpersonal Psychology. And he wrote a number of books on Poltergeist and he saw this one case where the classic case is it's a very religious family and with a brand new infant and a prepubescent teenager, didn't matter what gender.


So Arthur Hastings was his name. He's passed away quite some time ago. Arthur writes a story that he was witnessing firsthand. There was this teenager, that classic case, this little baby boy was lying naked on the bed and he watched a set of rosary beads fly off the dresser, wrap the beads around the genitals of this little baby boy. And Arthur had to reach in to pull them off. What is going on with that? That's hard to fake. It seems to me that's an example of large scale something or another. Was that Real? I I trust Arthur. Yeah. Wow. Wow.


Now my, my colleague in India who's a a neuropsychologist thinks well there can be what is called group hallucinations. And on this book, the last author here is a guy named Lloyd Auerbach because the first version was written like it was written by, designed by a committee. And it read that way. And I said, Lloyd, can you fix this for us? So he rewrote the whole book. I'll tell you a side story and it's, it's his story. You'd be interesting to have him come and talk to you. He's a ghost hunter and not a crazy one. And there's a aircraft carrier, the enterprise permanently docked in, in Alameda, California as a museum.


And he was on the board to get it set up safe for humans. And there are all kinds of funny stories. He talks about that, that a whole bunch of engineers were sitting in the, in the below deck aircraft hangar and n not open to the public yet. They see three guys in World War ii military uniform running along a gang plan, a gangway high up. He said, you could see them but you couldn't hear them. And everybody in the room saw them And they disappeared. You're not supposed to be here. And they, they didn't answer and just disappeared. Then the poor, poor Lloyd got the impression of all of his buddies trying to make this place safe.


They were joking with 'em all the time. Hey, talk to your ghost buddies. We need some more chain. We've run out of chains and ghosts are supposed to have a lot of chains. Oh yeah. Right, right. They came the next day there were mounds of chains all over the deck where The Hell that came from the story of his, he talks are like the best. One of the board members was really a grumpy old guy and just didn't want to prove anything. And screaming, And yelling. And so they said to Roy, is there anything you could do not to hurt this guy, but to make the, make the idea real to him? Well it was typical lightning storm like we had yesterday here, and a tree hit in the parking lot of this in Alameda and the tree fell over and crushed this poor guy's car.


He wasn't in it, thank goodness at the time. So what the hell's going on with that And And? Deloitte's written a whole book about it. In fact, I'm having lunch with him Sunday. Oh really? Yeah. So he, so Lloyd talks about basically he's a ghost hunter and not a crazy one. You say Definitely not. This Brings me, this interview is not going the way I had planned, but I'm just gonna go with it. But I just wanna say in your introduction, we had said that you believed, it sounds like you believe consciousness dies with the body. I Do. And so If, you believe your colleague, your your former colleague and friend Lloyd is hunting ghosts and he's not crazy.


How do I re how do you square that round hole? Yes, Very good question. And Lloyd's agreed with this. We talk about this a lot, that the assumption that this is a discarded entity, a ghost, even though they call it You know, they call it ghost, noisy ghost. But it may not be that way. There may be some other mechanism of the more normal type, not fraud, some other mechanism that might be involved in that psychokinesis all psychokinesis if it's real. And to me it's an open question, not true on micro psychokinesis, but macros psychos is still open for me.


But it doesn't, it doesn't necessarily, it does not necessarily require a, a disin entity. That's an open question. I might be wrong. Hey, I've been wrong before. What do you think happens when we die? Nothing. Do you think we're just dead lights out? You bet. Yep. How did you come to that conclusion? Well, I can't say my experience yet. Talk me 10 years from now. We'll, we'll figure it out. Done a lot of reading. And most neuroscientists believe that consciousness is a outgrowth of the, of the brain, an emergent property of the brain.


And if that is true, consciousness cannot survive burning the brain in a, in crematorium after you're dead. Can't do it. Have you looked into near death experiences at all? I haven't, but I've certainly looked into the research. There's an organization called the Templeton Foundation. They spent half a million, do $5 million, sorry, on research labs all over the world to address the question of near death experiences. And bless Templeton is well known for spiritual things like that. And they publish, you can go to their site and read it. That the, the idea was that that cannot find data to support that.


That is a real phenomenon. The experience is real. But whether that You know, You know you, you see your dead grandmother and you go in the light, the, you see the light, all those things. Trouble is those that it's an interesting report because they say those are kind of expectations. Now, didn't start off that way when you have a near death experience. And Joe had two or three, I think, and he saw the rain going through his fingers and he, I think he even, he saw the light as well, if I remember it right. Did he tell you the details of, of his near death experience in Austria? He Did. He was this, when he was poisoned, he did.


Okay. I normally don't mention that. So those are interesting open questions, which gets to the point. People ask me, why The Hell, are you doing this research any kind? And for me the answer is, I'm just quoting Chuck Ton actually. He said, you know, we may not be able to solve these questions about do you survive your possibly death And And, what is the meaning of life? And all of those important serious questions. It may be that we are adding tools to the toolkit that somebody 50 years from now will be able to answer those questions.


Do You with, with what you've come up the fact that you think that consciousness dies with the body and there is no afterlife. I mean, does that Yeah Well, Jews don't believe in an afterlife to begin with for starters, but that's not why I don't believe in it. Is that, do you fear death? Not that I know of. In fact, it seems to me There was a, I guess I can I use a Star Trek example, which I, which I was really loved. And briefly, the Star Trek was going around some planet and they had a visitor from the planet there who was a brilliant astrophysicist.


They knew that they, that the star for that planet was gonna go supernova. And he was working on the details to stop that from happening. And he has a romance on board the on board, the spaceship. And he says to the woman, I have to go down for my exiting ceremony. What are you talking about? When on my, on our planet, when you reach 60 years old, you gather your friends and relatives around and at the end of the party you're dead. And he said, we do that because we need fresh blood, we need new people, new thinking, but you're trying to solve No, no, no, no. And so he talks, she talks him out of going down to the planet for his exiting ceremony and all the relatives come up and are ashamed of him and finally says, I've got to go.


And she says, I now understand. Wow, I'll have the pleasure of being there with you. So in some sense I feel that way. In fact, let me ask you this way, I've got a magic pill here. And If, you take this pill, you'll live for the next 150 years with perfect health. Would you take that pill? Probably not. Why? Because I do believe in an afterlife. Okay. And I look forward to getting there. Okay, fair enough. That's a good answer. That's one of the best ones I've heard. I I wouldn't take it because part of life is the renewal.


Can you imagine working for the same boss for 150 years? Forget it. It's bad enough. Our our congress on both sides of the aisle, they're all too bloody old as far as I'm concerned. We need some young folks In Here. I can definitely agree with That. Yeah. So, and that, that's a serious critique. I mean, part of the problem is, you know, here you are a World War II vet or maybe fifties, and you, you see a problem. And boy, you go through the process and you finally get elected to Congress. By the time you get there, the problem no longer is relevant, but you're stuck in that realm and you see that all the time. And it don don't care what party you're talking about.


You see it all the time. That's a terrible way to run anything. Agreed. Agreed. So let's not get into politics. Yeah, let's not do that. But You know man, let's you know, the other answer to that is there's a lot of beautiful things about life, family lot, lots of stuff. But also you get's To see them growing up and all that. Yeah. We're all just trying to get through it. Yeah. you know, and everybody, you know, I don't know any other way to put it, but everybody's got their shit. Everybody's got their balling chain, they're dragging around, you know, know with them as they go through life.


And it gets heavy. It gets real heavy at times. And, And, you know, I believe when when We go, we leave that ball and chain behind. But, but that's interesting. You don't fear nothingness. Yep. Now I've never been confronted in the battlefield where I'm facing death straight on. We'll see when my time comes. But right at the moment, no. And I'll tell you what I'm doing. I'm retiring from si research the end of this year because my s how would I refer to her?


My step not stepdaughter would be a daughter-in-Law. My, my daughter Jamie is married to a woman named Laura, as a matter of fact. And she is a, a grief counselor. She's Jewish and a grief counselor at one of the big health organizations called Sutter Health. And we've become really close friends. She is helping me transition. And she bought me a book about, oh, it's centimeter thick and it's entitled, you're Dead Now. Now what? And what that is, is very, it's not about survival of bodily death. What it is, is documents. It is a book of of not to read, but to fill in so that people left behind will know where your, you know, what your passwords are, what your bank account numbers are, and all the details that people have to undo when you're gone.


I loved it. I just absolutely loved it. And we, we could have an honest discussion about death and it was actually fun, believe it or not. I'll take your word for it. But, But wow. Well let's get back to SRI So we, Speaking of death. Yeah. We were, we were talking about, you know, the agency. What caught the agency's attention to give the funding? Who was the first intelligence organization to, to fund SRI? Was it CIA? Yeah. And then everybody else followed. Was it shortly thereafter? Well, CI quit because they were in trouble already.


So it was picked up then by FTD and then Dale, Dale Graf went to DIA and they were funding us. And then I landed a $10 million contract with the Army Medical, the US Army Medical Research Development Command in Fort Dietrich. And the Gallup, the commander there was a two star general and md. And I thought, oh man, he is got two strikes against him. He's a doctor. Oh no. And a, a general, goodness me, turned out he was the most fascinating man I ever met. We became really close friends and Diane and I were at the, at when his son got married at the head table with him.


He spoke in number of languages, I don't know how many, including Mandarin. Just a very clever guy and what he wanted to spend, he took do, do you know the term mapper? Have you heard of that in government funding? No. The Congress cannot in fact fund anybody except a executive branch agency. They can't fund SRI or me or you. So they have to send the money called MIP r the money to some of organization. So that's how we got most of our money that way via Congress directly. But Garrison Ratman, Gary Ratman Took $10 million out of his own department funding, not money, coming from Congress to figure out how does this stuff work?


And he was the first one to say, we are doing research here to figure out how this worked. Now it's not well known and it's not secret. We had did, had some remote viewers on board spacecraft remote viewing our targets on the ground. And we want to know whether the the earth was a shield or not. It was not. You put remote viewers in space. We, we didn't. Gary Ratman did. Our job was just to run the experiment on the ground. Let's talk about that. No, let's not. 'cause I don don't, I don't know any more about it than what I just told you.


It's not written up at the CIA anywhere. Okay. All right. Not because it's secret, it's just one of those things you try and see what happened. How about daily life at SRI? Why were you guys, what were you guys doing on a daily basis? Having lots of fun. We, 'cause we had special clearances that most of other people at SRI did not have. And we had one whole ring or wing of the building, second floor and cipher locked doors at each end. That meant behind those doors. We could do stuff that no one else could do at SRI, like when at birthday parties we, we had wine and cake and all kinds of good stuff.


Had parties and stuff. But we worked hard and we played hard. We had Friday, Friday afternoon, si medium and si media emporium on the upstairs third floor of the building a lab. We'd show movies and have popcorn and beer. Neither of which, well weren't supposed to have beer, but we did anyway. But that play hard was very, very important. 'cause it, it was a team organization and When I took over the team. It it was really a whole shift and a good one. I think And And, they enjoyed me as much as I enjoyed them.


How were you guys doing your recruiting? That was hard. 'cause you can't legally in California, maybe in the whole country, ask her questions on a, a recruit to join the research group that you are not supposed to ask. Does this bother your religious insensitivities? Really important question. I figured out a way to sort of tease that out of somebody. 'cause it's really important. If you, we had, we had a a an oh six Colonel Pete MCIs sat on my head for four years. It drove me crazy.


He was devout, devout Roman Catholic and what we were doing absolutely violent. His whole principles about everything and it just caused us and just a huge amount of grief. How would you recruit your, your subjects such as People like you that, well that's a different story. The army and fort and fort made. The big question is, how can we get more psychic intelligence officers? And today we still don't have, in fact the folks down in Brazil asking that same question. We have, you know, we have psychologists looking at every sort of personality factors.


Doesn't matter. Health factors. Yeah, it plays a role. Genetics factors, we don't know, but none of the normal tests of skill of any kind external skill. The only thing we could do to find who's good at it is have a room full of people try it and do it two levels the per pick, the 10% best people in the room have them come in one at a time for eight sessions and then decide whether they're any good or not. And when we did that with as much as 600 people over time, 1% of them performed excellently under laboratory conditions.


And that's frustrating. And that's why we're hoping in Brazil, if we get a neurological signal and an MRI, that's much better to find people. So you went through 600 subjects. They were in groups, for example, two alumni groups from Stanford group from Mensa. They were pissed off that the Stanford group beat them, which I particularly would be the case. Mensa people too much in their heads. The US Geological survey group, which was right around the corner and a couple oh SRI itself, in fact it was really interesting.


SRI has its own internet system. And so I started asking we're we're gonna have a brown bag lunch, we're gonna do some remote viewing. And one guy forgotten his name now just went, listen, we thought we got rid of those morons, this fraudulent nonsense bullshit. Why are we doing this, blah, blah blah. Well we had 50 people from SRI sitting in the room and this guy was in the front row like this. Oh, oh boy, he did the best in the room. This can't be real, but okay, come on, let, we're gonna do our eight sessions on you. He scored beautifully and we're still good friends. He says, I think I can fake it. No, I'm sorry.


You're screwed with it. You have this ability, my friend own it Outta 600 people. We got six subjects. That's 1%. 1%. Yeah. And so, you know, when you're trying to figure out if this is, if this is genetically passed on, you know, what kind of, what kind of experiments are you conducting? None to try to figure this out. None. None. That's very difficult. I'm not, I'm not, our group don't have, we don't have the skillset to do that. The folks down in Brazil do you, you need to do familiar work.


You have to, you have to familiar meaning within families. And we have a couple of data points that suggest like Angela Ford is an identical twin. And I had the pleasure of working with her identical twin. And at least with one trial, she seemed equally as good as Angela and Joe claims that his fraternal twin was equally as good as he. But I never met her. She had passed before that. So two data points, don't make a model. That's where we're What, what type of experiments were you conducting on the Subject? Just regular remote viewing like we just did. And what, when did it, And that's a bread, bread and butter thing that I just did with you have, have laptop, will travel like the movie, have gun will travel.


I mean the experiments, did they not develop into anything else or was it the same experiment over and over and over and over again for, No, we've 10 plus years. We've gotten very sophisticated about it. I mean I brought in a whole new mathematical approach to it, which people have wondered how do you know in advance whether a particular remote viewing is good, bad or indifferent? Particularly if you're doing intelligence collection, you don't want to invest a lot of money if it's bullshit. So how do you prevent that from happening? And until our group didn't know, but now we do know how to, how to do that confidence calling so to speak. Was SRA experimentation strictly on, well I know it wasn't strictly on remote viewing, but what, what else were you guys conducting studies on?


We did a bacteriological study, a PK on salmonella bacteria, the, and the dependent variables, the mutation rate of the bacteria. And there's a whole group at SRI that that studies that sort of thing. And it was kind of funny 'cause it was triple blind. The head of that department knew what we were doing. But the person making the samples of, of, of salmonella bacteria, we had nine test tubes and she'd pour them into nine test tubes. And And this from the same batch and labeled them one through nine, lock them in an empty fish tank. And one of our colleagues, Beverly Humphrey would go and collect it.


They'd put a tarp over it, And she'd wheel it across the campus to our laboratory, you know, right by the You, know the active ingredient of food poisoning right next to the cafeteria. We gotta be careful about that. But the idea was two, two ways. Participants were asked to take the three test tubes on the left and decrease the mutation rate by psychic means who knows what by, by psychokinesis the three test tubes on the right, increase it, leave the three in alone. That was one condition. Another one was randomly depending on which, which participant you could pick any, any three test tubes.


You want to increase the print, new mutation rate, pick any other three, any ones you want it for the decrease. And then the ones left over you left alone. That worked extremely well and we have a different reason why that might work. Had nothing to do with psychokinesis. What is the reason? Well there's a variation. There is a statistical variation in mutation rates anyway. So If, you could use your psychic ability to find the ones that are faster mutating anyhow and say I'm gonna increase it there. You're not doing anything. You're just picking out ones that are more likely to be increasing and ones that are more likely not to be decreasing using remote viewing so to speak.


In fact, we developed a whole procedure and published it called Decision Augmentation theory. In other words, ESP is not good enough to make major decisions. You should never do that 'cause it's unreliable. But it can augment your decision a little bit in the right direction. And that works. In 1985, I believe you were named director of Stargate. Yeah. Can we talk about how that happened? Sure. What those conversations were like. Well the, I was standing on very tall shoulders, Hal put off and Russell Targe Russell and they started Stargate.


I'm not named by that. Then Russell left greener pastures in 1982 and Hal left in 1985. So I inherited the the directorship. I'm glad I loved it. I was better. I mean that's a big deal. I'll bet you were. I'll bet you were glad. What did you want to change about the program, if anything? At well, Is that an interesting question? Better communication. How was a very talented guy still is. And I liked the guy a lot, but he just hardly communicated with anybody on anything.


We used to joke behind his back, his right hand doesn't know what his left hand is doing. He used to work at NSA and I think that as a, as a Navy guy and I, that might have influenced it, but it was hard to get how to communicate with you and with me. I'm the other way around. I I communicate too much When, when N-S-A-C-I-A-F-B-I secret service, when any of these government organizations would approach, who would they approach when they wanted somebody to remote view a target? Would they approach SRI? Would they approach Joe specifically? Were you a part of that?


Well, before the Fort Mead group were involved, which means up to from 72 to to all the way up to 79 about SRI did it all. All the operational work. And so how would get a notice from I don know Department of State? One of the things we worked with was the Korean tunnels under the DMZ zone where The Hell that came from, I don't know, but some of those things they contacted either the people, well they were the funders so they would call to SRI and we were RFP request for a proposal and we'd give it to 'em.


What are, were you, were you present during these remote viewings? Which ones? Any of them? Oh, all Of them. Well, from that eight as director from 85 onward. Yeah. What are some of the most fascinating ones that just stick out in your mind? I'll bring one up. Okay. That I want to ask you about. When I had Joe In here. He had talked about he remote viewed Mars, I believe maybe it was 1 million BC and saw And And end And. There was a pyramid. Are you familiar with this?


Yep. I'll let you pick it up from there. I don't believe a word of it. You don't believe a word Of it? No. 'cause you can't get psychic functioning. It requires data feedback that it was correct or not. You cannot prove that statement. Okay. That's why I don't buy it. Well, I appreciate you saying that. Yeah. What are some, 'cause That's a fantasy. I You know the, we had, in fact, do you know that there was a group called Heaven's Gate that had mass suicide in California because one of the remote viewers from Fort Mead said, ah, the Coho conference Con Comet is coming by and it's followed by a space spacecraft full of lizard people.


He remote viewed that and they're gonna come And invade the earth and eat all your youngsters or whatever The Hell it was. And 40 people don don't know how, what the number is. I made it up, but a large number of people literally killed themselves out of fear. And I got called into it what The Hell iss going on. I was asked by the cops about that. That's the danger of making remote viewing without feedback. He had no idea what The Hell he was talking about. That's the danger. Makes a lot of sense. What are some remote viewings that you witnessed that did have feedback Sure.


That Were accurate. Yeah Yeah. One of the things that the Department of Energy was interested in, could we use remote viewing to sense directed beam energy systems? And we had two that they paid for $50,000 for remote viewings for each, for one, one viewing on that problem. And one of them was called Project Rose, very classified at that time it was a microwave high, high powered microwave generator on the, in Albuquerque, New Mexico at Sandia National Labs.


And we didn't know that, of course at the time we were held blind and said, here's the geographical coordinates where this person is gonna be standing a week from today. Tell us what you see. And Joe absolutely bloody nailed it. He said it's a, whatever it is. I mean, I can show you the, the PowerPoint on it, but it, he, he drew a, in fact it'll bring an interesting thing up here in a minute. A contained environment. And he drew something that looks like a microwave generator of horn and some other details detailed about it.


And. He said, this thing is a testing, it's testing, destructive testing of, of something. He didn't know what it was. And it turned out that's exactly what this thing was doing. They were shining this high energy microwave thing on electronics to see what the effects were on the electronics. It was called Project Rose. And however, about a month later, we gave Joe feedback by driving to that location. And on the way there, the Sandia had a solar collection farm, a huge maybe a hundred meter field of mirrors, focusing the sun's energy on the top of a tower. And the tire was sparkling like crazy with all that.


And we're, we're stopped there. And I said to Beverly Humphrey with it, let's put a sack over Joe's head. He shouldn't be seeing this 'cause it's in his future. And his whole responses were full of mirrors and the target had nothing to do with mirrors, which raises a really interesting question. But he nailed it. We showed him the the generator and it worked really fine. We did another one on a higher, what Was the inter what was the interesting question? Pardon me? You had said that, that rose an interesting question. Oh yeah. Okay. In fact, I'm doing, designing a study now to study this very effect. Look, let's suppose you're doing a remote viewing.


Somebody randomly chose something and it was a gas station and on the way to give you feedback, there's a building on fire. Oh my God, look at this. And that is far more interesting for you to remote view than the actual target system. Okay. And yeah, so the question then is how do you prevent that? And I don't think he can actually, so actually Joe came up with this idea. We did an experiment to test whether this business of changing, of entropy does that help people remote view? And we did that by creating sort of an entropy bomb as it were that the out that the experimenter would be out at the site and half the time she would pour liquid nitrogen into a bucket full of balls and that would evaporate in eight seconds and that would be a huge change of entropy.


And, but that catch the movie, it's like a flashlight in a dark room with some caveats that worked beautifully. Now with some funny odd things, you know, outside of Catholic church, the priest would come out, what are you guys doing? Oh, it's an experiment, don't worry. This big cloud of stuff's coming out of this box. A lot of very funny stories about that. But so, but Joe made the point, it was really, really interesting. He said, You know to prevent what I, this things I was just telling you, the tasking was this. Okay, Sean, please access and describe the first thing you see when we take off the blindfold.


In other words, instead of driving to the gas station and here's a building on fire, we'd have the blindfold. You wouldn't even see the building on fire. And it would take it off looking at the, and that worked beautifully, in fact, much more precisely than I'd imagined because in the middle of the study, Angela Ford's twin sister passed away and she couldn't come out to California. So I flew to do the finish up her trials at her house. Now that may not, can't take her to the site, but everything else worked just the way it's supposed to work out in California except When I found out what the site is to be. I said to Angela wouldn't tell her, said Please put on the blindfold.


And we'd sit patiently on her couch as if I was driving to the site and I'd say, okay, we're pulling into the parking lot now. Angela and I had professional photographs of the site where it was predefined, where you stand and where you're supposed to look at first. That was all predefined. So I would take Angela to a blank wall, hold that picture for that site right in front of her, take off the blindfold. It was statistically equivalent to doing it in real time at the site as opposed to the photograph. That worked beautifully. A piece of Joe's research. Wow. Wow. What are some more, what are a couple of other ones that you've, that just blew you away?


It had to do with the directed energy system. Again, a high energy, high energy electronic accelerator at Lawrence Livermore Laboratory. And I actually, I cheated in some sense, at least in my briefings and I'll fess up to it every time there were Joe was to do remote viewing in eight hour sig, eight hour segments saying, track this guy that's gonna be on site somewhere in the Bay Area. And after the whole thing was over, we had one of the women on our project was a right sitter for United Airlines.


So she had a a, she had a private private pilot. Pilot as well. And we flew over Lawrence Livermore lab at a high out enough altitude, we wouldn't get into trouble. And I took pictures that flattered the data. Didn't need to 'cause the, the Air Force was funding this and they did the analysis, not me, but, but in my briefing it looks overwhelmingly delightful. And I say, don't believe this as much as good as it looks. 'cause it isn't, 'cause I took pictures to make it look good. I, I fess up to that every time. But it's very, very stunning. I mean, Joe, for example, described the, the headquarters, the office building at Lawrence Livermore lab, the shape of the building and the right number of floors.


And he got that right 'cause that's where the guy was planning for the, the execution later on. Wow. Pretty impressive stuff. Yeah, Yeah. Wow. Anything else that really sticks out? Anything in, in, in space, In contract action. you know, Ingle Swan did a pro pro project going quote out of body to Jupiter. And he quote, did a quote, fly by by Jupiter. I said, And go how The Hell, do You know where Jupiter is? You can't find Jupiter on a map. How did, how did you know how to do that? He said, I have no idea. I just said, here Jupiter.


Here I come. And he was the first to describe in advance of NASA that Jupiter had rings like Saturn. Pretty impressive. I mean, what's what's, what is going through your head? I, well, hold on. Let me, How long I don know what's going through your head right now? My mind is blowing. Oh dear. So what was the time between when he had remote viewed Jupiter and found out that there were And And saw rings to actual imagery of it? Don don't know it after to check, but it was not immediate. It was months. It's only months. Yeah.


And so what's going through your head after they came with that? I imagery. Oh, that's impressive. Are you kidding? Well, we did another one, the remote viewer. It turns out that Jupiter has a whole bunch of moons and one of 'em is called IO and it goes around Jupiter very rapidly. It's very close to the surface, so it suffers a, an eclipse every orbit. So I went to my boss at SRI because Bull Bulletin watch company wanted to give an award for somebody with the greatest, the most interesting experiment on time.


So I said, Hey, I want to go to get that. And so my boss said, are you are interested in winning the Olivar watch companies? Or do you want to actually do the experiment? I said, I really wanna do the experiment. So he said, I'll fund it for you. So with this participant, we'd be up at three in the morning. So I, I had, I had to, the remote viewing was tell us And And time when you remote view the moon of Jupiter in its half lit. That was the definition of the eclipse time ha half lit by the shadow of Jupiter. I forgot how many trials we did. It was quite a number of them.


And he was right within plus or minus 10 seconds. Now the question is, in what timeframe did he get that? Did he get it before the, because we had to hire a telescope at Shabo College to make the, the measurements for us. 'cause how do we know when it was, which they did for us, we paid them for it. So the question is, did did this participant named Gary get it in Jupiter's time, which was 40 minutes ahead of the telescope 'cause it was 40 light minutes away. Or did he get it? And so the question is, what do you think, in other words, is remote viewing faster than the speed of light Jupiter time?


That's when it appeared. But the question is, did he actually get the data at that time? I think what happened is he got the data. He, he had his experience at that time, but he was actually getting the data from precognition of the next day's photograph. We showed him the answer. And that's really hard to, to separate out. Wow. Wow. It's, some of these things are pretty hard to do actually. Yeah, I could imagine actually. I can't imagine.


you know, wow. Come on, you're here. You see why I have so much fun with it. And And. It's challenging and it angers me that we can't figure out how to do this better than we do. Yeah. you know, And, And, I'm learning a lot. I want to, so what's the Fort Mead piece? Are they an InBetween? Well, so, so What I'm starting to understand is, is SSRI's Stanford Research Institute, this wasn't their sole focus. You, you were the director of a program within Stanford Research Institute.


Oh, Correct. Yeah SRI does a whole lot of stuff. Sure. So that I did not realize that. And so was Fort Mead the bridge between agencies? No. And SRI? No. Russ Tar and I completely agreed on this. That started with Ingo Swan. Ingo was, was a, he told me once I should not be his friend 'cause he is a bitch on wheels. And that was an understatement. And he said, I hate flying out here to California to do your stupid experiments.


Why there's an office in New York City for SRI, let's, let's, let me do the experiments there. And Hal said, sure. And Ed and Russ Har said, no, no, no. He's not a scientist. You need, he need, you need supervision on this. Well, Hal said no. And that started something we're paying deeply for even now an Ingle swan cult that Ingle went there and trained. He, I mean he was a brilliant guy, but he is not a scientist. And there that started the fort, the Fort Meat people went up and were trained by all this guy and almost none of them produced actionable intelligence.


So these are two totally separate entities. Yeah. Almost competitors. No, our job, my job was to do research to make their job better. Okay. And they never opened any of my classified emails. Well, that's a shame. Yeah. It was definitely a shame they could had a much better product. When Did the Hemi seek come into play? It never did. It never did. Do you believe in the hemis sink? Not at all. The reason is it's bad neuroscience. It's just not Right what they're doing. How So Joe and I've had conversations with Joe about it because it, it was, Lemme lemme just, can you describe what Hemis syn is for the audience?


Yes. Hemis Syn is supposedly this that based on radio technology that If, you get slightly different frequencies in your ears that you get the sum and difference of those frequencies. Like that's called Heterodyning and supposedly is what's hem he hemisphere synchronization. That's where Hemi Sync comes from. Except that was put up by, by Bob Monroe himself. And it has never yet to this day been put to a test. I've asked Joe that have any, have you had any neuro neuroscientist? Check that out. And. The answer is no. And Bob Monroe was not a neuroscientist, but it's part of the, of this company.


And people go and they have an ex Gordon a wonderful experience. I don't mind people having experience about it. But in terms of whether it improves or doesn't or related to remote viewing, who knows? So you don't consider anything to enhance this or you, you're looking strictly at factual information. Pardon? You're looking at strictly factual information that's absolutely tested through Science. It as weird enough as it is. If I start putting go goofy stuff in there. What are, is there anything else that you, that that, that is, that you're not buying off on that has to do with the remote viewing space such as the Hemming, Yeah, remote viewing, flying saucers on, on Mars?


you know, it, it, in fact, Joe makes this big point in his book is remote viewing secrets and all the stuff that he writes. And we've given joint talks together at Monroe, actually. And I love the guy dearly and we were brothers. And the question then becomes, if it's a study, and I didn't invent what I'm about to tell you, if it, if it is a study, there has to be eventual answer to that study. Maybe it's not what you expect. Some other answer, who knows. But there's some result of that study, If, you don't have a result of a study. It's fun to do. It's fantasy. You have no idea what you're doing. And so If, you have something and a guy by the name of Stevenson, Ian Stevenson is his name, he did the definitive work at the University of Virginia on survival.


Survival after bodily death work. Very clever guy. And even he said that he cannot separate experimentally whether someone's having an experience of a former life or they're using extrasensory perception to get the same data. And that's a real tough question. I didn't invent that. He did. But we've, we've took, we've taken that and put mathematics behind it to where he can actually test whether it's decision making or something else that's going on. If it's decision making, psychically decision making, or is it a causal effect?


And we can test that. You just mentioned Previous life. What are your thoughts on that? Don't believe it because the evidence are self-reported. All of it. And If. you wanna know something that is really bad. We humans are horrible at describing our personal experiences accurately. We are, in fact, there are two, two jobs that people do. One is a magician and the other is a therapist. I come to you as a therapist, gee, Sean, I just met this fantastically beautiful woman today.


She is funny and cute and brilliant and all of that. And you said to me, ed, when are you gonna understand you hate your mother? That's the point that, that we, in fact, there's books written on it. In fact, there, there's even a, a short video online that you could look at called The Invisible Gorilla. I recommend the book written by these two people and they outline all the ways in which we are masterful at fooling ourselves. So I'm, I'm skeptical about that. 'cause I get fooled equally. Well, in fact, Doug Henning was a really magnificent magician and Chuck Hunt and I went to a Broadway show of him doing this stuff and it's really amazing.


So I told Chuck, I'm coming back here tomorrow and I'm gonna figure out one bloody trick how he does it. So I sat there at a center seven sec, second seventh Row center. And I, I could not figure out any of it or better yet, there's a guy, Dale, no, no, no, I'm blocking on his name. He'll come to me in a minute. And he's a brilliant researcher and Darryl Bem is his name. And he was at our house for dinner in Palo Alto. And after dinner and a lot of fun, I, Diane was sitting at the head table, I was sitting to her left and he was sitting to his, to her, right?


And our daughter was next to him. He said, okay, I'm gonna do a trick. This is a trick. Now I'm gonna push this quarter that I have through the solid oak table into a cup. So he goes, clink Yeah, that's a trick. And I'm gonna break the rules and show you how it's done. So he said, it's sleigh of hand. The coin is already in the cup before it goes under the table. And you think it's still in my hand. Right? So when he did it again in slow motion, knowing armed A, that it's a, a trick B, you know, when and where and how it's happening in slow motion. You can see it happening at full speed.


You couldn't see it. I don't trust my observation firsthand observation of anything Really. We're we're terrible at that. And so a lot of this BS online comes from that sort of stuff. Unfortunately. I mean, I was, I was blown away. Dammit. I know you're cheating, but I can't see it that happening. In fact, I went to the, I was giving a talk at the SPR in, in the Society for Psychical Research in London. And they were bragging. I was the last on the docket teacher day they call it.


And everybody was bragging their field research. They see this, that, and the other thing. So I put in this 22nd video called the Invisible Gorilla. And I'm gonna blow it for you there, What it shows. And you can go online and see it, but now I'm ruining it for you. There is two teams, three, three people with black jerseys on and three people with white jerseys on. And each team has their own basketball. And the idea is that they, the people with white jerseys can only throw their basketball to other White Jersey people. And the black team, black Jersey people, the same thing. They don't cost match their balls.


Right. And your job is to count up the number of times a White Jersey person tosses a ball to another White Jersey person. Now I set it up at the SPR, I said, You know we've been doing this research for some time and don't understand, we Americas are so much better at it than your Brits. So they're, oh yeah, I'm gonna, and right in the middle of this 22nd video, a guy dressed in a gorilla suit stands right in front of the camera and goes, nobody sees him. They do not see this gorilla. It's called the invisible gorilla.


And I think there are two people out of 70 in the room that saw the gorilla. And the point being is, and they say, you bias this? I said, yes indeed. And you guys bias yourself when you're out in the field, we're all susceptible to biases. And the book called Invisible Gorilla, it's very interesting 'cause there are all kinds of other examples of the same problem. How Do you explain that? Oh, well terms, you focus on what you are biased for and you tend to ignore the details. So You're so focused. Yeah. On you bet. That's why I'm biased.


Who's passing the ball To who? Yeah. That you miss a, you miss a gorilla. Exactly. Front of front of the screen. Yeah. Banging his Chest. In fact, what they do, it's really interesting. They've done eye tracking. You know you can put eye tracking on your eyes. The people are watching the gorilla, but they don't recog that. It doesn't, it doesn't appear in their consciousness, which is really interesting. Say that again. Okay. They, they can see that they're counting the balls going back and forth, but their eyes are noticing the gorilla because they can follow the fact that the gorilla is moving. And they, they, I eye track that that's happening at the same time.


They're trying to look at the ball at the same time. So they are seeing it. They're not just registering it in their consciousness. Wow. What are some other examples of that? Well, one I like a lot, it's in the, it's online as well. You can see this. I come to you up a total stranger here in downtown Nashville. And I say, I'm trying to get to the grand ole Opera theater. I got a map back from the days people had maps. And so I'm here And And you're saying, and you start pointing all this stuff out to me on my map. And the middle of our conversation, two colleagues of mine carrying a an opaque door walked right between us rudely.


So, and I changed places with somebody carrying the door who has a map 80% of the time. You don't realize you're talking to a totally different person. Even when the gender changes or the race changes, it's, it's just amazing. It's just So. we are not tuned at looking at the total unexpected stuff. It's, it's fun to watch that happen. It really is. Very interesting. Edwin, let's take a break. When we come back, I want to get into some of the stuff we were talking about with the oversight committee At breakfast. Okay, good. I'd love to.


How many guys out there are worried about brain health? you know, all we hear about is fitness. Everybody's getting ready for bikini season 'cause spring's right around the corner. I'm personally more concerned about my brain. You look around, you see all these brain diseases that are getting outta control. I'm gonna take everything I can to improve the health of my brain. And I'm gonna tell you about my five favorite supplements from Laird Superfoods that help with brain health. Alright, the first thing I do every morning is I have Laird Superfood creamer. It's got adaptogens and functional mushrooms, which are great for brain health. I put this in my tea. Tastes amazing. Who likes vegetables? Cool. Me neither. That's why I take Laird's Daily Greens. Just pour it at a cup. Shoot it real quick. You got your daily vegetable intake plus guess what? Yep, that's right. Functional mushroom extract. There's six different kinds. In here. Once again, great for brain health. After greens, we got daily reds. This one doesn't actually have any functional mushrooms in it, but I can't stand beets. I think they taste like shit. And so I take one scoop of this, put it in my water and I don't have to eat beets anymore. Alright, we're winding down the day now. This is the next supplement I take every single night. Layered sleep and recovery helps me sleep, helps me recover from my daily workout. And guess what? Yep, you're right. It has mushroom extract. Guess what? It's good for your brain. And I saved the best for last. Most of you know this. My favorite supplement at Laird's is performance Mushrooms has a ton of mushroom extract. Super, super good for your brain. Take it every single day, sometimes multiple times a day. These are my five favorite supplements from Laird Superfood. You can go over to laird superfoods.com. Use the promo code SRS Save 20%. Ladies and gents. I would not have partnered with this company if I didn't believe in 'em. They take the cleanest ingredients, they try to source everything in America unless they find a better ingredient that's more quality somewhere else. I think we can all appreciate that. Once again, laird superfoods.com. Use the promo code SRS That'll save you 20%.


Thank you for listening to the Sean Ryan Show. If you haven't already. Please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn, Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. Alright, And when we're back from the break and we're getting ready to dive into some of the stuff we were speaking about at breakfast when, when it came to the Oversight committee. Okay. So what can you tell us about what you were experiencing with the oversight committee? Well, when General Ratman with the Army Medical Research and Development Command funded us, he said he wants to have an overview, oversight, people who can overview us.


We actually had three committees. One was a scientific oversight committee, another one was a policy oversight committee out of the Pentagon to make sure we were doing what we're being told to do. And then we had medical oversight. We had to prove, you know, that it turns out that the Army has more strict rules on dealing with human subjects than does the National Institutes of Health. So. we had to make sure that was the case. For example, we were forbidden to use women in psychokinesis experiments based on them because we don't know about this.


Maybe there's a field effect and if they're pregnant and we kill the fetus, you know, all that stuff. Hmm. So we had, we had all those masters. The Scientific Oversight Committee con are consisted of 12 individuals who were the who's who of science during that era. Two Nobel Laureates, one of in physics and one from the medical world. He was the Doctors Without Borders kind of guy. Their job had threefold. One is to review our protocols for each study before we actually collected any data to approve them.


Well it turns out we were pretty good at that. So that was a fairly fast turnaround time. The second job that they had, which they never actually used, was to have drop drop-in privileges unannounced to watch what was going on. They never did that. They never did that. No. We paid them $750 a day for, for their work when they came to SRI. Third one is that we had to write up, I guess my first time running the show, I had something like 13 different tasks that I had to do this year. And each one had a final report and so on.


We submitted the final reports before sending them to the client, the government agency to the oversight committee. They had the rights to respond in writing and in volume two of the Stargate Archives book, their stuff is all there. I published it, critiquing us and then they would come to SRI and meet in person with us. And that was for me, a thrilling experience. We went about close to 80% of the arguments that we got into with these guys. But the best part of it was the 20% we lost because we learned how to do the product much, much better.


If you say, were they all convinced about the reality of ESP? Absolutely. None of them were, but they were all convinced we were doing the best science one can do in the topic. It was, it was amazing. And we had one guy on the oversight committee who was chief of statistics, head of the statistics department, uc, Riverside, excuse me. And he was all wrapped around the axle over our fuzzy set arithmetic. But I showed him one of the examples that had no data other than just the example of, in fact, I'm gonna show it to you later, of remote viewing of directed energy system.


He saw that system. Now I get it. Well, I really went after him on that. I said, why are you accepting something that is unacceptable? It was only one trial and you're accepting it and you're rejecting years worth of work on this because you don't like the arithmetic. He sort of tro off with his tail between his legs. Was that the, was that the same directed energy thing that Yeah. Joe had remote viewed with the mirrors. Yeah, Joe did all, we had actually three, but we only published two of them. There was an underground nuke, which we nailed, but we didn't never went anywhere.


Can you tell me about that? Well, We just didn't do it, Joe. I, I don't know if he actually ended up doing remote viewing it or not. I don't recall. The captain in the Air Force who was protecting it was done by AFTAC Air Force. What's that? TAC Threat Assessment Center. That's aftac. Did the oversight committee present any challenges for you guys? Yeah, it was good challenge. They said, you know what you should do, design your experiments that everybody's cheating and make sure that they can't, even if they were cheating, it wouldn't affect the result.


That was a challenge. How would somebody cheat on a remote viewing project? Well, one of that was before we did everything pre-cognition. It's really hard to cheat when the target hasn't even been chosen yet. So how can it cheat? But they're sensory leakage. For example, somebody who knows the target comes through the room and signals to the remote viewer what the answer is. Why would they do that? Oh, God knows why people cheat. Period. I mean, have you, have you experienced that happening? No, we never saw that. Are there any other methods Oh sure. On, on the Feld where, you know, everything has to go, go through electronics.


So the person in the Feld is listening to stuff. Was there sensory leakage? Because inadvertently, because the crosstalk between the experimenter and the, and the sender. So that it's a, it's not really cheating, but it's a way that results get cloudy and you can't believe them. When that, Would you find that the remote viewers are looking for some type of a edge? Quite the opposite. you know, they had these experience and they're, and they're meaningful to these people. They don't want to be accused of cheating themselves. This is real to them.


They're not cheating. How would the remote viewer experience a failure? Something, I mean, I think you had mentioned that Sure. That Joe was correct 40% of the time. Oh, he was He was 44%. Yeah, 44%. So how do they, because I, I could imagine there's gotta be some type of a psychological component to this as well. I mean, athletes deal with this. A lot of people, people don't, you know, not everybody knows how to deal with failure. Failure can get in your head. You see it in, in, in with athletes. They get into a slump. It takes sure. You know something miraculous for 'em to get it back. you know, maybe somebody's making bad grades, they get into a slump.


Somebody and And. And. I mean, You know, just from my own experience being an operator in the SEAL teams. I mean people If, you have a bad house run. And. And, Yeah. You can get into slump with anything. Right. And so I would imagine with a 44% success rate, which which you're telling me is, is phenomenal. How do they, how do they take failure? Well it turns out that's wholly individually dependent. Joe's just fine with it. Hey, doesn't work all that time. Who cares?


Angela Ford, same thing when we're doing associational remote viewing to make money on the stock market or something like that. She only gets hits 20% of the time. And that's fine with her 'cause it makes a lot of money. So, but the other side of that, we've had people we've had to dismiss and Ingle Swan was one of them. Ingle Swan would scream at Hal, you're five minutes late, you're ruining my rise time. He would scream at Hal and then he starts burning. What does that mean? You're ruining my rise time. That's Ingle saying he's preparing for his study, he's getting risen for it to do the study.


I'm just quoting Ino. I have no idea what that actually means. Inberg required us to change all the fluorescent light bulbs in the entire lab to solar spectrum. 'cause the regular ones are destroying his remote view. He was really to blame everything else on his failure except himself. And it, it, that came later in his career and that's why he and he himself quit. We had some other people, in fact I've been trying for years to get Joe McMonagle and Nevin Lance a psychologist to write the risks of remote viewing. Which there are serious risks. One is depending upon the personalities, you begin looking at your own, well your own persona in terms of your ability to do remote viewing.


And that is a huge psychological mistake. We've had to let people go. People at Fort Mead have had to let people go who go to use a technical term crazy for doing this stuff. It's rare, but it happens. So most people handle it just fine. I mean, You know, Hey fine, no problem. I'll I come back tomorrow. So you're, So you're saying that some people that have this have this ability And And and realize that they do have the capability wind up driving themselves crazy. How so? And why? Don don't know why I'm not a psychologist. Does it bother them that they have the capability? No, it bothers them that they, that they failed.


It bothers them that they failed. Yeah. Those few people I asked Nevin Lance the psychologist, I said, Nevin, how do you integrate what your remote viewing ability is with the rest of your life? He said, don, don't know. I wish I could integrate the rest of my life as well. What are some of the other risks? Don? Don't know. I think that's the main one. That's the main risk. Yeah. Is just dealing with failure. Yeah. If, you start believing your stuff too much. It seems to me that I'm just overlaying my own thinking out loud rather than any serious stuff about it. So you're saying basically remote viewers will get emotionally attached to their capability And time.


You bet. And really disastrous for them as well as to the unit. Okay. Okay. Well in 1992, it sounds like you started some type of a relationship with a Russian KGBI Did. I'm an honorary member, not of A KGB. Turns out I first went, I think it was even before, no, 92 is the first year. A ex-Pat Russian named her Christian name was Laura V Faith. Her Russian name was Larissa Lanka.


Very, very talented woman. She worked with Kogan in his classified research laboratory on ps. Why The Hell the Russians let her out. I have no idea. But she immigrated first to Israel 'cause she's Jewish. And then she came to the States and over a long period of time she ended up getting a citizenship, becoming a Christian and then working teaching Russian at the in Defense language school in Monterey. And we hired her out of that. She got her clearance. And so I went to Moscow with her probably four times, one of which was all the way out to Nova Sk.


And she was very protective of me. So on one time we were one, I guess one of the last time we, we were together on that trip. I was giving a talk at Moscow State University. She was translating for the students. And you know, I'm dressed like I'm, I'm more dressed now than way When I normally dress had a T-shirt on. And And. The students are looking like students and two guys in suits walk into the back of the room. Oh, two guys in suits. This isn't a good deal. Turns out they were from the Ministry of Defense and they wanted us to come with Larissa and I to come with them.


And we went to, do you know what a skiff is? Have you heard that term? SCIF spent a lot of time in a skiffs. Me too. So. we went to a Russian version of a skiff. And in there was Alexi EY sa, this guy who I gave you pictures of who ran the Russian remote viewing spying program. Don't slouch the sky. He has two, two PhDs. One in philosophy and one in mathematics. And he had a group of remote viewers, 120 remote viewers in his program. Yeah. If we probably never had more than 25 at any given time.


And men and women. And their remote viewing group was called 10,003. Hmm. And Joe and I both have medals about this big, that we're honorary members of the Russian remote viewing group. Wow. Yeah. I meant to bring my medal with me, but I have a picture of it. You can see it. And he was never, I've never met him in uniform, but he was reporting to the head of the general staff, which would mean in our world that would be equivalent to reporting to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs. That's how high up this was. Well monitored by the Russian hierarchy.


Military GRU loved it when j was there once with Joe, we had a group meeting with a whole bunch of remote viewers. They're remote viewers. And I got to work with one of them, Elena kli, who was equally as good a remote viewer as Hal as Joe. He trained them in hand to hand combat weapons training, that sort of thing. And I said, Alexi Vic, what about remote? In remote viewing you don't understand. Says well when the bullets are whizzing over their heads, they're highly motivated because they, he took him into the Chach war.


He retired, Aven did. And we became really good friends and I've given talks to his students and what have you. But he we're sitting around a table after a two day conference the first day, which we were all slugging down. I mean, that would be a Russian shot of vodka. Not this, that he had to swing it in one gulp. I had 11 straight of those. I should have died. I mean, I was really miserable. I'll bet you were. 'cause I don't drink that much at all. The next day I was filling my glass with water.


No notice. Well, maybe no one said about it. But in the middle of that, the way, the way you refer to senior Russians is not just Alexa e or General sa, you use the middle name, which is really important. Y means son of Yuri. It's a really important part of the Russian culture. Okay. So in the middle of all this, he had a staff, he, he had, he was still working for the, he was still in the military and his staff was there at the table. And yeah, Joe was with us. And I've got pictures of, of him. And, And Sabin. In fact, I, I gave it to your colleague for you showing they were completely blitzed on, on vodka.


But I said, Alexia, you're a bitch. And he interrupted me and spoke to me. The only time in the 20 years I've known this man in English. He said, ed, we are friends. Call me Alexia. And his staff went, ah, then he switched back into Russian and it was being translated by Victor, Victor Ruble and said, I know you've been trying to get my organization chart, here it is. And I know you're gonna report a a contact report. You have to write it up. Yes sir. That's true. What you have to do is let the people at DIA know I want a joint program with you guys.


And I said, on what? He said, well, you have the same problem we do. And that's terrorism. 'cause people were blowing up subway stations in, in Moscow. And I said, I would be honored to to join you on that. So I wrote up a 30 page relative classified document and handed it to the, the three star in charge of DIA in the Pentagon. And he was all excited, oh this is really great 'cause it's cheap, a bottle of scotch kit off everything you need. And there's You know, not putting anybody in harm's way. It's ideal and they want to do it and we want to do it. And the three star said, Whoa, okay, I'm going to Moscow in a few weeks.


I'll look him up and we'll get moving on it. So I walked out of his office in the Pentagon and you could practically hear him throwing the, the, the paper in the, in the burn bag Never happened. So it never went anywhere. That's, it's interesting because I was wondering, you know, what is the, what does the oversight committee think? I mean, you're dealing with classified information, a lot of classified information at the time. I can't imagine a relationship with the Russian KGB going over. Well, And And, I mean, Well that wasn't, that was FSB by then. The KGB was long since dissolved.


But I had to get approval 'cause I had SCI level clearances to do this. And I got 'em and they approved it. You bet. What did you, I mean, what are some of the, what did you think of the Russian remote viewing pro project? Was it more advanced than us? Did they come farther along? I talked to Victor. Victor Ruble was in the, in the Red Army. He is now an American citizen and the life of man. And after Larissa passed away, he was my minder in Russia and damn good at it. I mean, he was protecting me no matter what. But Victor said, you know, the Russians never declassify anything.


I mean, I, I've got a 40 minute video by from Russia, Gazeta company, which has a new, is probably the Go-to newspaper for military issues. We were front page, full front page cover on, on Angela and I there. Hmm. And what happened as, as, as it is just rather astounding that I gave a talk in English and it was being translated in into Russian. And I showed the example of this, of, of INGO's clay model, of this radar site.


It did not, that piece did not show up in the 40 minute video they published. Fortunately I have a friend in the audience who sent me a video of that. So they're a little nervous about that. I had the same thing problem. I was giving a talk. I was invited to with four other Westerners to go to Hong Kong on exercise perception stuff funded by a guy named Bingo Wu. That's his name. He is a very wealthy character. And the five Westerners were there plus 100 young Chinese kids. Kids, I mean really kids who were trained by Qigong masters, but supposedly all kinds of psychic ability.


And. I eventually had to go up to Bingo Bingo woo later. And I said, don't ever do that again. This is child abuse with these kids. Because they had to conform to the western standards of activity, for example. They would, they claim to be able to put a matchstick in a jar, seal the jar, and then by psychokinesis break the matchstick. So because they sort of believe their own story, they said, you Ed, you can make your own. Here's a bottle and you can put your own matchstick in there. So I wrote, wrote some stuff on my matchstick so I know it was my match. And I put it in there and we could use clear wrapping tape to keep making sure that it wasn't opened.


I then put some symbols on the bottom of the can to make sure it was my can. And this poor girl, she was probably 15 or 14. She had it in her forehead for 40 minutes and nothing happened. And she was distraught. And fortunately there was a guy there named Simon Juan who was a, speaks totally fluent Chinese, but he's a British, he's, he speaks for the English with a British accent. 'cause he was on the British government, a liaison on matters of, of trade with China. And I said, you know, Simon, please comfort this girl for me.


'cause I was not angry with her in the slightest. And eventually she, and so I have a picture of the three of us hugging each other. It was really sweet. And I went up to Bingo woo and complained bitterly about it, but she could not do it. And she was distraught. Did any of the kids accomplish that? Nope. And one of the things that they had a hundred kids, a hundred of them, and they divided 'em into two teams on a basketball court. And all of the, we Westerners were sitting and watching this happen outside. And the idea is these blindfolded kids were gonna throw a ball through a hoop. It wasn't a game of basketball. There was just three like free throw through the, through the hoop.


Except I got pictures like I saw you from my computer. The kid's like this looking through his blindfold. It's so completely, utterly obvious. But what The Hell, can we say nothing? One example they had there, and it was a tele a teleportation thing. There were two boxes. One labeled the English letter A and the other box labeled English letter B very clear. They had a, an object in box A with a small TV camera in box A and a small TV camera in box B. And the idea is one of these juong kids would arrange, God knows how to have the item, item in box A appear magically in box B and it would be tape recorded by the video.


Neat idea. Except the kid was left alone not supervised while this was going on. And oddly enough, the two video cameras both quit working. Isn't that odd? Yeah, right. So the guy who ran all that said and translated into English, we would like to offer you a job to come and direct our laboratory So. we do this correctly. So one of those rare times that was my ethics, were in good shape. I said, look, there are great scientists in China. You don't need a, an old guy from the west tell you what If you would like.


I would act help you pick the right person from China. If. you want me to do that? Simon came up to me and whispered in my ear, he said, ed, I'd never let you take that job. Why? Because you'd like to leave China one day. What are, so it sounds like we were a lot more advanced, at least in their eyes. Oh, in China for sure. What, what were some of the similarities that you saw that how the KGB or how the Russians were running their program versus Stargate? They Were, they, they were not very self, they were not particularly open about it. They were pleasant.


So they were there to collect from you, not share. Yeah. What do you think about the number of remote viewers? I believe you said there was 120 something remote viewers as compared to what? Our six, well, We had SRI only had about five or six at any given moment, and Fort Mead wasn't much better. So we'll double that number 12. Hmm. They have 120 are, I Mean, you're talking about, you're talking about experiments that were done where the kid was left unsupervised, the cameras cut out and Well, That's as in China. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm guessing miraculously the, You know, the kid broke, you know, the, come on. It's obvious what happened.


But I, I guess what I'm getting at is to, were our, were we pickier or had we just not found the amount that they have found yet? What do you mean? I mean, I mean, we're not being picky. You'd never leave the participant ever alone with the apparatus. We never do. Yeah. I mean, that's not what I'm getting at. I guess what I'm getting at is at the time, let's, let's just say would 12 VA fairly accurate number 12 remote viewers that the US had at the time, Never at the same time, correct? 1%. Yeah. So 12 less than 12 at one, any given particular time?


Yeah, Sure. Okay. And Russia And only a few of them at Fort Mead, Joe McMonagle and Angela Ford. Maybe one other person produced actionable intelligence. The rest of them didn't. So we're talking three Maybe. Yeah. Joe, Joe would be better off telling or Angela better yet Less than 10. Yeah, they have 120. Hmm. What I'm asking. And they never show us results. Not one result have I seen of there remote. So That could have been total bogus. Well, I did have a measure. Joe and I were there at the same time and we got to do an a, a joint remote viewing with Ellen Keva and Joe.


She was the top Russian remote viewer. She was damn good. And I had control of that, so I knew what was going on. Same principles, same. Yep, same, same testing, same. This is what we did here. And they developed that on their own. Well, I don don't know about that. What they do when I'm not there. I, that was what I ran. I had control of everything. I don't know what they do on their own. Oh. So they shared literally nothing. They Never share anything. And Victor said it's part of the zeitgeist of Russian military. They, they never declassified anything and I didn't show them any class, any classified stuff at all.


Period. Very interesting. Going back to going back to SRI, you know, we're talking about right now we're talking about remote viewing. What, are there any other sensory, I mean you were basically, we're talking about non-lethal future type weapons. Correct. So when it comes to remote viewing, Hmm. Were we researching anything else that maybe was similar to remote viewing that I don't know about?


Well, there's been a lot of efforts in the field at large parapsychology field at large to look at remote sensing of various kinds. Like can you separate different categories of music? For example, Joe did his first remote viewing ever on camera called put to the test. And I had that video that the a BC people sent a person who's a, a location scout for a movie industry out to me for two days worth of training about how to pick sites. Then my hand, my, I was hands off after that and she chose six sites about around the Houston area, and it was, and it was done.


The lawyers had control of it so nobody could do anything. And so on. Long story short, Joe Remote viewed it and nailed this site, which happened to have been a, a hu a Houston Channel Ocean Channel for shipping. And right in the middle of the trial, a huge Russian vessel docked right in, right in the middle of the trial where there was an outbound experiment there. And Joe was back in the studio, but he nailed it. And he said, I hear loud noises from the scene. I have no idea what it is. There's something large there, don don't know what it is. Blew the mind of the interviewer. Didn't buy the story to begin with.


But I called up Joe and he called me rather when it was all over. And I said, boy, congratulations. you know, you did this remote viewing your first time ever on national television. How, how The Hell do you do that? He said, do you think I did remote viewing on national television? I wouldn't do that. I did it over breakfast before we, even before I went to the studio. Doesn't matter when you do it. you know, you give yourself the tasking, they're gonna do something, I'll figure it out. And he then he faked it on camera. Wow. Do you, do you understand what I'm asking? Are we looking into anything that might be cons? I mean, remote viewing is, it's hard for people to believe.


It's something that, that, that we still don't understand. And so what I'm asking is, are there other types of ESP that we're looking into other than remote viewing that we don't, that I am don't know about? Well, I think other people, I mean the fields, there are 300 members of the Parapsychological Association and I think almost none of them are doing remote viewing. What are some of the other things they're Researching? Well, there's the Feld, which is mo remote viewing, like, but they're, they're all psychologists, that's why it's called parapsychology.


So they're interested in, you know, what are the personality variables that make this person do good? Or is someone who is really creative, does that affect the performance in the Feld and so on. And so those kinds of what the gon of questions. Yeah. They're not looking at mechanism. We're the only group that I know of that is looking at trying to figure out the mechanism, how this works. In fact, Ray Hyman, in fact, there's a joke. The two biggest critics, and this is their true names, Hyman and Allcock, I swear to God, they're the critics of this field.


But Ray Hyman was a, I think he's still alive, a psychologist from the University of Oregon. I know the guy pretty well. And they formed an organization called PSYOPs, the committee to investigate the scientific claims of the paranormal. It's no longer that name, it's just called Skeptical Inquirer. But PSYOPs Jessica Otz, a an amazing statistician, went and she and I went to Buffalo to at the 20th Congress of, of PSYOPs. And Ray Hyman was giving a talk the beginning. And he said to this assembled skeptics, do not underestimate Parapsychologists.


They are the best methodologist he's ever met. And I went up to him after I said, Ray, my God took, took a lot of courage to do that. He said, yeah, but it's true. So even Ray at that in front of those people said, there are classes of things we no longer need any further evidence for its existence. What we should be focusing on now is how The Hell does it actually work. And he's right. You know, When I interviewed a gentleman, John Alexander, and he was talking about spoon bending. He was talking about plants having consciousness.


I mean, did you, were you a part of any of that type of Research? None whatsoever. I would not be, although there was a, a variation on this. Bev Humphrey and I went covertly under undercover. There was a course on spoon bending up at Lake Tahoe in California. So before going up there, I I bought some really heavy duty soup spoons that had the, the, the handles looked like a Greek letter omega, which makes it damned hard to bend. Okay. So we get up there on a Friday night and it's three Friday night, all day Saturday, all day Sunday as food, sleep and logic deprivation, which turns out to be a big deal.


So you don't get your head in it. And God help me, I, me tell you this, we're, we're sitting with pyramids on our head in front and underneath the big pyramid. And I tell people, you know, If, you put your bananas under your pyramid, it'll be sharp enough to shave with later on. And we got around to bending stuff at two in the morning. I mean, early in the morning on Monday, I don't remember what time. And I'm sitting on the floor cross light and my whole body is falling asleep from my hips down. And And, I'm weaving the tines of forks into little knots. Nope. So I have no idea what's going on there.


I'm not in a shape to know whether I'm what I'm doing or not. I was conscious enough that the guy running the show, I came by me, And, I reached And, grabbed one of our big spoons, and I said, can you bend this? He said, oh yeah. He goes, and he wrapped it around, not the ball of the spoon, but this part of the spoon. So driving home, I said to Bev, Ben Humphrey was with me. I said, maybe we saw some genuine PK here. So got back to SRI and one of the people on our projects, Gary Langford is a metallurgist himself, said, do you have any of those spoons left over? I said, oh yeah, get me one. So he goes, there's the same thing right in front of me says it's shock deformation that If, you do that and you hesitate, it'll freeze on you.


But If, you just keep going. You can do it. I learned how to do it then and I can't do it anymore. But I was able to do it myself, thus went away. My belief that we saw genuine pk. It's, It's what what was it? Shock What Shock deformation and How does that work? Well, you start it like that and if If you start it and stop, nothing will happen. If, you start And, keep going. It's easy to bend it. The, it will feel like rubber or, or something really smooth. And these are metals. Yeah. Metal Smells. Oh, you bet. These are the ones with the omega shape And he bent it.


Yeah. And so, but science, there's a scientific explanation on how that happens. Yeah, Yeah, Is there anything else you looked into that was, that was similar to any of this? No, that's the only weird stuff we ever looked into it. We didn't do healing because you know what defines healing? Healing, healing, helping sick people. And there are a lot of people doing that. For example, I was funded by an organization called the Samueli Institute in Alexander, Virginia, run by a fellow that used to be part of NIH alternative medical approach to medicine.


And so he was looking at these odd new medical things, one of which was a guy, he funded a guy at Duke University who, I think it was Duke. Yeah. In North Carolina. That guy by the name of Mitch Koff, very clever, clever audiologist. Not Audi, a heart specialist. And Mitch wanted to know, good question. What other things could he do to improve his ability to help heart patients? So he had, I forget number how how many other things they looked at, you know, vitamin exercise, you know, diet and so on.


One of which was intercessory prayer, people praying for their wellbeing. And they did a five-year study. They called it the mantra project. And sure enough, after all things said and done, they did what was called a factor analysis to figure out was there anything in this mishmash of whole bunch of stuff that mattered. And And, the answer is yes. The only thing that mattered was intercessory prayer. And so, 'cause Mitch is a, well-known Kai, he got a $750,000 grant from NIH to study intercessory prayer in terms of does it actually help his patients? So it was pretty interesting because what I didn't know, If, you get funded by N-R-H-N-I-H you can't have randomization done by somebody in the project.


So there's kind of a, a satellite companies around medical schools who do nothing but randomize participants into control and not, and e you know, effort groups. They don't even care what the study is. Okay. So he did the study and one of the funniest damn things, there were solid Christians who wouldn't do this because there were non-Christians praying for help, praying for their help. Oh, please, come on. Turned out it failed categorically. So I talked to Mitch Koff koff about it, and I said, that fits our model, a decision augmentation. Meaning that in the five years of you had your people with a bias in favor of this working, pressing the buttons to randomize your people.


Not cheating nobody. I'm not accusing anybody of cheating, but using unconscious ESP to sort patients in such a way, it looks like it was a, a, a genuine effect, but it's not. And since this other group was doing the randomization, they didn't give a damn, no wonder it didn't work. And I think my bet is 50 years from now, the only part of s one, major part of s that will survive is this decision augmentation model that we put together. And you should look up j you should get Jessica TZ to come here. She, I've known her for a really long time.


Her name is Jessica Tz, UTTS. She used to be head of the department at, at in statistics department at uc, Irvine. I can send you a contact for her. And. I'll do it. I'll reach out. Yeah, she is terrific. She has this ability to, she published a book called Seeing Through Statistics and there's not one equation in the book. She wanted to have a, a book that people who read newspaper articles who mention statistics can get some idea what The Hell they're talking about. And I said, Hey, how come we have all these trees in the damn cover of your book? She says, think about it.


Oh, oh, seeing through the trees, horses says, oh, please. She became, in 2016, the chief statistician in the whole damn country, she was head of the American Statistical Association, became chair of that. And I've got a, I'll send you the link on my YouTube channel. She gave it the presidential address of which was 70 minutes long. Seven minutes of it was her ability to say in front of this collective body, her belief in extrasensory perception and what she's done in that domain.


I called her up and said, geez, you're brave. She says, no, I'm telling you The Truth. And it's just a brilliant piece. And And, the introduction is longer than her talk in the seven minute section. I, I thought I knew her really well. We were good friends and spent time at her house and she and her long time, not her husband, might be common law husband if it were. And we just said it has to happen. Very, very impressive. That's real stuff. Yeah Yeah. I'd love to, She'd be good for you to interview her. Have a chat with her. Yeah, bet That would be fascinating. So in 1995, it sounds like Stargate came to an end.


What was, what was the decision that led to that? Why? Why did they end it? Good question. That's a really good question. First of all, there was what's called A-C-D-A-A congressionally ATE activity that the Congress ordered the CIA to do a 20 year retrospective of this whole program. And if it, they felt that there was quality in this program, they were then to take over the program from DIA. Okay. And so they hired the American Institutes of Research to do the study.


It's supposed to be a 20 year retrospective and they produced an i what's called the A IR part, American Institutes of Research Reports. Great big thick document. They wouldn't give me a copy of it. Okay. They gave Jessica a copy. She, they had Jessica and Ray Hyman as, as counters to each other, skeptic and a believer. And I walked into Senator Cohen's office at the time, he was still senator. And I said, Hey, I don't have a copy of the I report. I said, oh, here's mine. Take it. He then said, do you think you can refute this?


And I said, well, yeah. And he said, we'll write an article and pull no punches, which I did, and got it published in the Journal of Parapsychology. Everything I said in that article was wrong. They only looked at one year over instead of 20. That was correct, but that's not why they closed the program down. And it wasn't until we had released by the CA all the stuff. They, they said, why the program closed? What happened was, and we have the quotes, and it's in volume four, the Stargate archives, that the Cold War was basically over, and the Congress was saying, we've got all this money going to the Intel community.


We don't need to have that much money anymore. So the Congress ordered CIA to slim down, get rid of all these small programs and If, you don't do that. They threatened to close the CIA, actually not our view, that's in, in, released by the CIA themselves. And I think the reason it closed is that we just were on the chopping block along with a whole bunch of other programs, negating everything I said in my original paper, Man, What do you think of that? Well, when a guy from the Pentagon and I spent with Joe 10 years trying to get Stargate started again, the working staffs and defense analysts and Swamp loved the product that we had, but upper management said, no.


And I think that's too bad, especially with terrorism these days. Now I'm convinced that no way in hell are they doing it secretly. You don't think so? I do not, not my clearances have all dissolved. So I'm I don. don don't really know. What, Why do you think they're not doing this Under a different name? Yeah. On a different Program. Yep. With I hope they are doing it, but I don't think so because there is, was so much pushback. The only reason our program survived is we had a bunch of heroes. John Glenn was a hero. Senator Cohen was a hero. Two other people, and I can't remember their names right now. They protected us from the wolves who were trying to shut us down.


And same thing happened with 4 0 7 in, in Russia. They tried to shut him down and he, they were, the head of the general staff was supporting it so they couldn't close it down. People are terrified of this stuff. In fact, Charlie Tart wrote a whole book about article rather, not a book about the fear of sigh. For example, If, you really believed in telepathy. Get outta my fucking head, man. I'm thinking about stuff that you have no business knowing what it should be, and people really get scared of that. Do you believe in telepathy? I believe that it's impossible. And the reason is this, you and I are gonna do a telepathy experiment right now.


I'm thinking of a number between one in a thousand. What is it? Come on out with it. 703. I take my pistol, shoot myself in the head. I carry myself to the grave knowing you got the right answer. Oops. I just told you you got the right answer. So the question is, where did you get the information? Did you get it out of my mind or the feedback? The only way I can prevent it, the only way you could possibly get it out of my mind is to kill myself. But the minute you find the, the answer, If, you have access. If there's an answer book, which there isn't When, I'm dead.


You, it's not an experiment anymore, Please help me understand what you're saying. Okay? 'cause I'm not, I'm not receiving it. Okay, You pick a number from one through a thousand, I say 703. You kill yourself. Why do you kill yourself? Because if I say you got it right, then the question is from where did you get the information outta my mind or from the feedback you got later, What feedback I told you the answer. You, you got it right. That's feedback. Yeah. If, you were pretty cognitive enough.


You'd look into the future, you're getting a pat on the top of your head because you got the answer right? Whatever the, the way to think about this, If, you were in college and a scuz ball and you were having an important exam that was going to affect the rest of your life. So you sneak into the professor's office and there's an answer book in there from the questionnaire. And you study it really carefully or maybe even photograph it. Boy, you're gonna do really well on the exam. Suppose you could do that pre cognitively. You're gonna do really well on the psychic exam, so to speak. In fact, we use that terminology in our writing peeking into the answer book. If it, if, if a study does not have an answer, it's not a study.


Now the answer may not be what you want. It may be different than what you want, but there is some result in the result we consider as the answer book. And you have access to that by precognition that in fact, we, Sonali and I wrote a paper together collapsing the problem space of inter of informational side, people getting information by psychic means. So Are you saying, I looked into the future to get 703 saw you tell me. Yeah, good job. Yep. Came back. Yep. Said the number. Yeah. Now if I'd kill myself, you, you never get that. Now, we didn't invent this kind of stuff. I mean, we, we, we concretized it by doing the arithmetic and all the stuff that you need to do to, to make sure that it's real.


It simplifies things. Precognition simplifies the whole game. And we don't know how to stop looking into the future. You could say, well, I'm getting it from direct. Well, you're, how do you know? You don't know that. The big mystery is how The Hell the information gets there in the first place. For example, Sonali in India is gonna generate from a collection of photographs, one photograph tomorrow. But you're gonna remote view it today. How The Hell does that work? And it turns out we figured out to divide the problem space into a two, two and a half actually. Problem space number one.


How does that information get from India tomorrow to right here today? That is a hundred percent a physics problem. Doesn't depend upon my nose or me or you or anybody. It's a physics problem. And they worry about it. In fact, there's even a whole discipline fund supported by the American Institute of Physics called retro quantum retro causation. It is possible for information to go backward in time from the future to the present, but the present cannot go backward in time to the past. Don't worry about why that's the case, but it's true. I wanna know why that's the case. Because the past is it's quantum mechanics. The the system has already been measured.


It's collapsed. The state vector has collapsed. You can't undo do what's been done, what's been done. But until it's been done, the it can influence the present. Now, that doesn't mean the, that's the way it works, but at least it's a plausibility argument. How, how the physics domain, there's a guy in, in physics department, excuse me, about Amsterdam in university there called Eric Lin. And he said, we should throw away gravity as a force. It's not a force, which it isn't. It's geometry. And there's a real problem with gravity.


There's no quantum base to it. So of the four basic forces, that's the only one that doesn't have a quantum mechanical base. So let's get rid of that and talk about entropy that, and he derived Einstein field equations, Newton's equations, and all the stuff of physics based on entropy. And I want to go talk to the guy because if it's an ENT tropic force, then there's a, a carrier. The problem is every, excuse me, everything that we know about and getting information that can be used as a carrier associated with it, you are listening to me and getting information because the carrier is the sound waves going to your eardrums If, you have a, an alarm clock going off in a vacuum chamber.


You can't hear it. So we need some carrier right now and we have no idea what it might be of information coming backward in time. But fair Linda has, has an idea that might be worthy, worthy of thought. So that's half the problem, let alone how it gets into your brain. But once it's in the brain, oh by the way, the physics people can worry about and not care about extrasensory perception. That's a physics problem. Alright? Once it's in the brain, leave aside how it got there for a moment, then it's a neuroscience problem. They don't give a damn how it got there. And there, the article Wew wrote, working with the Brazilian folks, this is testable about hyper conductivity in the brain and the white matter and so on, blah, blah, blah.


All this technical stuff. It's testable might be wrong, but at least it's testable. The problem is what transfers, whatever this is coming in into something the brain can recognize. We know about retinas in our eyes. We know about the sensory systems in our nose and so on, but we don't know a psychic retina, so to speak, for remote viewing. What Do you think it is? No idea. I really have no idea. I mean, you Don't lose sleep at night thinking about this. Oh, I, I think about it all the time. You don't have theories. I, I'm not smart enough. I'm not a theorist. That's the problem. You f figure it out, test it. It's a d Very difficult.


Well, what we're hoping for, and that's why we're taking Angela to do a what's called a case study. Just her mushing her hand to an MRI machine. If we are lucky, I mean really lucky. Her brain will be different quantitatively different than large number of base brains that they look at. Highly unlikely there will be, but If it is different. Then we can say, well, it's different because of this, this, this, that And the other thing that gives us a clue of how to see whether we can find psychics that way. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Big time. We're not counting on it by any stretch.


A better approach to find subjects is to get involved in the synesthesia community because since I, I mentioned over breakfast that all of our participants are have synesthesia. What is that? That's where you get crosstalk in your sensory systems. You see black and white things of color and so on. It's crosstalk of your sensory systems. No, we spoke about this at the beginning. Yeah, we spoke about the, when you hear music and Yeah feel it in your, okay. Yeah. Okay, man, I can, I just, I mean, it, it's almost like there's some type of unknown organ that's, that's at work that's receiving that information.


Just like your nose, ears, eyes, mouth, you know, touch. Well, probably it's gonna be more distributed than that. In fact, the only thing that I'm aware of, and I could be wrong on this one, that the only, the Russians are big on identifying each part of the brain is associated with some behavior. And that's simply not true. With one exception. That is as a very small part of our brain, which is dedicated to face recognition. And Russell Targe for example, that part is not functioning for him. He can go to a party with his wife and not recognize her from other tall, similar women because he cannot recognize her face.


The same with me. So if we're meeting for lunch, I'll, I'll he'll hear my voice. I'll say, Hey, Russ, good to see you again. At least he knows it's me. And that's a very standard problem. Some people have this, that for reasons unknown, that part of their brain is not functioning properly. So I don't expect a little chunk over here for consciousness, another little chunk over here for liking salt. you know, seriously what this conversation with you has inspired me to maybe not resign and quit. It's too much fun. Keep going, keep going. you know, with everything that you've studied, And, And, And, And, are there any key, are, are there any key things that make you believe everything that you've studied, you know, over the pe over the course of, No, It's not 49 years.


It's, it's not an event. It's, it's collectiveness the whole thing. I mean the, for me it's self-evident of this, the number of successes in the operational work. We're not cheating with that. And you know, they're skeptical. People in your business looking at this and hey, we want to come back with more study. I mean, even the ccia A came back with us 41 times with new missions. They wouldn't do that if it weren't useful to them. After which shut down? No, before shutdown. Before, yeah. So, no, it's more the collective thing for me, probably the most convincing evidence is that nine 17 of the 19 end users came back with more wanting more, more stuff.


Now we can go to statistics and Jessica os will bore you a tear on the statistics. But no, nobody buys statistics. Why bother? Good question. I've thought a lot about that because, you know, I've put a lot of effort in, so a lot of colleagues around, I mean, I don't want to give the impression I'm the only guy doing this. I'm not by any stretch. I guess I'm relying on Chuck ton's view of that. And I tend to agree with it that we may, we humans are faced with really interesting questions about do we survive our deaths, for example.


Everybody's interested in that, including me. Can I have a, a brief comment on that before We go a little further. I was invited as to be a participant at the Rama Christian Mission Institute of Culture in Calcutta, India. I was the resident materialist bunch, and long story short, there was a, one of their monks was beating up on me and saying that there's something called promissory materialism, I don Dunno, if you've ever heard that term, you're right. I can't give it right down an equation for love, but I promise you, by next Thursday at two in the afternoon, well maybe a thousand years from next Tuesday we'll have an answer. Right?


But, so he started defending me on that promissory materialism, and he was a bright guy, totally fluent English, And And in PowerPoint. Useful. So I went up to him afterwards, I said, Swamiji, your whole philosophy, I love much better than mine that you survive your death and you get to do all this other stuff. I wish that were true. Mine is last breath and that's it. And I said, but you have to modernize. You're basing it on philosophy with 3000 years old. And that was before we knew about brains and about about genetics and all that good stuff. He said, you have to modernize that.


And we worked for about five years together, he and I, over the, over the net, over over that wasn't Zoom in those days. Email to try to figure out ways in which to modernize us. And we figured out he couldn't do it. So it's, it remains in the realm of philosophy. At least he was interested in it. And so was I, so that was a, a side side step. But you asked me why do it? Because I think humans, including me, want to know the answers to these more spiritually oriented questions. Do we actually survive our death or better yet, how do we communicate with one another?


We need to do a hell of a lot better job we're doing now for sure. And things of that nature. What is consciousness is is Toni right about consciousness, And, And, all of those questions may be si research as it current exists may not answer those questions, but at least it's no new tools in the toolbox that someone later on will be able to use them and help help them answer those questions. What do you think consciousness is? I think it's an emergent property of our brain. Straightforward. And to know, I, you know, I buy Toni's story tremendously. I'll send you a link to that book by the way.


You should, you should get it. It's fabulous. Thank you. Thank you Edwin. We're wrapping up the interview and You know, with all the stuff that you've been involved with, And, And, all your studies outside of remote viewing, what do you think we should be looking into As humans? You mean, Is there anything that's come across your radar that you think that, that has to do with the subject? Oh, okay. It Could not, it could be totally random, but what I'm asking, you know, when it comes to ESP, human sensory, what haven't we touched?


What do people not know about? What should we be looking into? That's a good question. I mean, I, you know, if I knew what we haven't touched, I'd go touch it. I'm more concerned politically where we're, where we at as a culture, not only our country, but similar countries around the world. And that's a big threat to everybody. And this stuff's not gonna help that at all, don don't think. But that to me is a bigger worry for me at the moment. I think that's a worry for a lot of us. No kidding. But, well, ed, I just wanna say thank you so much for coming on.


My pleasure. It was far more interesting that I thought it would be tell you The. Truth. Oh man. I could, I could go on here. But How long have we been at this? We've been going for about five hours now. Oh Geez. So, but Four in between four and five hours. Doesn't feel that way at all. Actually Goes by quick, doesn't it? Mm. But is there anything that I should be asking you that I haven't asked so far? What do I do for fun? That's Important? What do you do for fun? Well, I used to play a lot of golf. I'm horrible at it, but I still like to play it. My wife tricked me into it. Dammit.


'cause I said, I'm not a Republican. I don't own one pair of checker pants buzz off. So she conned me into it carrying her clubs one day. And I said, oh geez. And you're a physicist. Trouble is being a physicist and knowing about golf, those who are incompatible, you should not worry about in your head what's happening to the ball and how it's gonna No. The other thing is that I do a lot of walking in San Francisco Bay area, long distances, 11 miles at a crack. That's pretty amazing for, can I say your age? Yeah, of course. An 83-year-old man, you Look, no, you screwed it.


84. 84. Yeah. Oh man. We are an amazing health. No, I'm on my 84th trip around the sun. I've been there boring. you know, same old sun. One last question. Yes sir. With all of the remote viewing, And, And, I've, I've, I've listened to, I researched Joe for a long time before he finally came out here. And there was a lot of stuff when it comes to outer space, are we alone? That kind of stuff. What do you think about that? Are we alone? Well, who is it?


I'm forget the, the long since dead philosopher or semi philosopher, he said we are, his view was we're serially alone, which is pretty interesting. And the way he worded that was we've been only to announce ourselves as a species to outer space since the invention of radio. So if there are other critters out there, and you know, the probability of critters being there is virtually unity If. you look at the total number of, first of the number of galaxies, the number of stars in each galaxy, and the number of planets that are mCLASS planets like Earth. I mean, the probability that there's life elsewhere, in my view, damn near unity for sure.


Now, whether we'll be able to meet it, another is another question, but Carl Sagan and what he said, we're serially alone because in the years that it's been, what, 150 years since we had radio and intelligent species like we are, we're gonna put ourselves outta business very quickly with, with, with global warming. We're gonna kill ourselves off. So give us a thousand years from the invention of a radio at the next thousand years, we we'll all be gone. He says that's inherent to other species as well. So what's the probability of two 1000 year chunks in 5 billion years? It's very small that they Overlap, line Out pretty interesting argument.


Whether it's true or not, who The Hell knows. That is an interesting argument. I've never thought of it like that Because we are, I mean, we're no one's paying. I mean, we are very SI wrote my first paper, scientific paper in the Journal of Geophysical Research in 1962, an upper atmosphere of heating by high altitude water vapor. And we even knew then that we are in a climate shift. We had no idea then, back then that as humans were involved, involved in it. Now there's no question. Well, thank You. I won't be around long enough to know whether we're burning ourselves up. Well, Edwin, I just wanna say it was an honor to interview you and sit here and have this conversation.


And for The honors return to you, sir. Thank you. I am thank you. Very happy that we've met and I just wish you the best. Thank you.


So Check out the podcast that inspired Taylor Sheridan's latest series Landman. There's a stretch of road in a royal rich region of West Texas. This region of West Texas, known as the Permian Basin, is in the midst of the biggest oil boom in history. This is a story of roughnecks, billionaire wildcatters, and wannabe dreamers. My name is Christian Wallace from Texas Monthly and Imperative Entertainment. This is BoomTown BoomTown. Wherever you listen.