
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch 45 for three months. Plus taxes and fees. Customer for limited time, unlimited than 40 gigabytes per month. Full at mint mobile com.


Eric Prince, welcome back for the third time. Good To be back. Third time's a charm. It's good to have you back. Nice to be. So you don't really need an introduction, but I'm gonna give you a, a mini one. So founder, CEO of Blackwater, the biggest and most effective private military contracting company in the world. You never lost a, a protectee, a protectee ever. I think you're the only company to ever do that. And we're bringing you on to talk about, unfortunately, the failed assassination, assassination attempt against Donald Trump. Figured nobody's more qualified to talk about it than you considering the fact your company never lost a protectee.


And you're also the co-founder of Unplugged, one of the only phones on the market that big tech cannot track you on. And we'll get to that later. But, so yeah, I want to just dive in. I can't, I can't tell what's real and what's not real on the news and the media when it comes to the assassination attempt. There's all these conspiracies both on the right and the left. I don't feel like anybody is using context is part of their decision, at least on the left, on on what happened. But, but before we get into the heavy stuff, I wanna ask you about the BW BrightLink watch.


People are fascinated by that. And so, yeah. I think I word today. Yeah. You know, some companies give loyalty awards and I had 150 of these made and given to key, key people in the company. And it was kind of my promise to them that wherever they are will come from if they're in trouble. And this is a, it's got a 1 21 5 beacon. This is, this is almost 20 years old, but it broadcasts on 1 21 5 international guard frequency. So any commercial aircraft is gonna have a radio tune to this. And it, it beeps out SOS so you can locate and rescue whoever needs it.


don. Don't think any of the guys ever used it while they were in the employee of bw. But I, I did hear of some of the guys use it on a, on a backcountry ski trip in Norway. No kidding. That saved their life. Yeah. One of the guys was really hyping out bad and pulled it and the nearby station missed it, but something 20, 30 miles away picked up the, the, the call. And within minutes there was a Norwegian Coast Guard helicopter overhead and saved them. So, Man, that's awesome. I picked one up, I found it on the secondary market. I don't know whose it was, but I'm happy I got it. Good. It's a good keepsake. So good Piece of history. Very cool. Very cool. But let's just dive right in.


So what, two weeks ago now, Trump was almost assassinated shot in the head, and luckily they just grazed him, but there's just so much going on in the media right now. I talked to a handful of people. I talked to Eli Crane, who's, you know, Congressman Crane. He was out at the site day, Logman and Sniper As well. Yep. And so I wanted to get his take 'cause he actually went to the site and he had, he had a great quote, you know, he started it off with this is either the greatest security breach of all time, or they tried to assassinate him, Or they left the door open so wide that, that any, any infiltrator could come in.


Yeah, that's, he's right. Yeah. It's one of those two things. It, the, the level, right? He, the fact that they allowed that the secret service was bested by a 20-year-old to literally draw blood from the Republican candidate for president and former president is inconceivably incompetent. And I think the testimony of Cheadle, the, the director that just resigned in shame, it's, it's shocking that had to have incompetence that bad to finally get pi bipartisanship that both Dems and Republicans in Congress were calling for a resignation.


But I think it's, that is a tip of the iceberg of the amount of rot throughout our federal institutions, whether it's in law enforcement, in intelligence agencies, in the military, et cetera. That level of incompetence and arrogance has permeated the place because we've, we've allowed failure to continue to rise to the top and never ever suffer consequences for it. Nobody's really getting fired. I think they were going to defund their, their, their appropriation was coming up for the Secret Service and they were actually going to zero out her compensation. So both sides were actually coming for her. But for heaven's sakes, it's, it's really bad. A, a 12-year-old, a I think I first took my kids deer hunting, my sons at probably age 12, and they would've easily hit 140 yard, laid down a, a prone shot with a, with an M four.


Not a hard shot to make. Not at all, not a hard shot to make. I mean, do you, do you think this is a DEI, this is the, this is the result of DEI within, within the government. It's a result of a culture of no accountability for failure. And that allows people to drift so far off the mission. If the mission is to be zero failure, protect the protectee or whatever the mission is of, of a federal agency, it allows 'em to distract into green initiatives, DEI initiatives, all kinds of other things that, that truly distract from what the actual mission of what they're supposed to be doing is, yeah, DEI is a factor, but it's, it's really a culture of political correctness and no merit.


That's what's exceedingly dangerous. And, and we become, become every bit as rotted as a, so as the Soviet Society was before the Soviet Union collapsed, especially when, you know now and, and now when this actually needs really full proctological examination, that we really can't trust the FBI. That's really sad. That's disgusting. I even feel bad for the secret for the, there's some great secret service agents and obviously there's some ones that don't belong there, feel terrible for the ones that really earned it, that want to be excellent, that are excellent. But even the people on the detail President's detail that day, I think only one was full-time Secret Service as far as I know.


The other ones were just HSI agents, random Homeland Security law enforcement people that were assigned from the Pittsburgh office or whatever. there was only four post standers Secret Service assigned. Jill Biden had 12 post standers assigned to an event. She had the same afternoon in Pittsburgh. So Jill Biden, who has no constitutional authority or role, not a candidate for president, took three times as much as Trump did at an outside venue. Hers was a small inside venue. So there's just cascading effects of bad, bad, bad decisions. I mean, there seems to be, what, three or four different narratives.


There's, there's the left's conspiracy that it was planned from inside the Trump team, which I don't know. I don't know how you could think that. I think that There's not a sniper in the world Yeah. That I would trust. And I've known some great ones that I would trust to take a shot at me to clip my ear. Yeah, Yeah. No, Me neither. Zero. It's 0.0. It's a, it's a one in a million, probably more than that. Shot dead, you know, to to, to to, to be able to hit a target that size while you're moving around. It's, it's, that's pure madness. Yeah. But it's even worse than that is how many Dems would even post and talk about how much they wish the marksmen had better aim.


That's, if that's really what they're feeling, then how do you, how do you cooperate in a, in a republic with people that actually want you dead? That's a great question. That's a great, the other is, there's a couple of different ones. The other is people think it was the government involved. People think that it was DEI, it was, it was a, it was a, it was a DEI coming to fruition here and, and kind of showing the end result. And then the other is that, well, the, there's the incompetence one and there's the one where we just let it happen. I'll give you two examples previously of, of interactions I've had with other protective organizations.


In 2008 Blackwater days, we had remember the shoe throwing incident in Baghdad when the reporter got up and threw his shoe at George Bush in a press conference. there was a Blackwater guy in the room because the deputy chief of Mission was there, saw that the first shoe went, drew his pic pi his pistol, had a sight picture, saw that it was only a shoe, reh holstered went forward, took the guy down, tackled him before the Secret Service did anything. It's, it's like the Secret Service was almost like confirmation bias. Nothing's gonna happen. Nothing's gonna happen. Holy shit, something's happening. I can't believe it's happening. I'm not moving. It was stunned, you know, for all the noise righteous indignation people have made about Benghazi or about black water being heavy handed in our diplomatic security missions, a hundred thousand missions, less than one half of 1% were weapons discharges in the Benghazi attack where a US ambassador was killed on duty.


How many rounds were fired by the DS agents? Not by the contractors, by government employee diplomatic security service agents. How many rounds were fired by them? I don't know for a fact, but I would guess zero. Zero. How can you have that? How can you, is that, is that incompetence? Is that malpractice? don don't know, but my God, I can't imagine eight BW guys that would've not have got some rounds off. Yeah. And moved to attack, to counter attack. So again, maybe our federal agencies just aren't as good as we think they are. Or maybe our assumptions about what their capabilities are aren't as good.


The dangerous thing, which must be fixed is if the Secret Service was bested by a 20-year-old who went to the range, some time practiced, obviously he mapped it out. Supposedly he had a drone that they've acknowledged that he used a range finder, that they bested him and he got what, five aim shots off. What are they gonna do against the 10 man Hezbollah team? That's a great question. Running drones or whatever, that's a, that is a level of threat. Clearly they're not up for right now. So things need to be fixed. My my thinking is, was there government involvement?


I'm not sure Heritage Foundation did a good job of tracking ad IDs on existing phones to find that there was a phone that visited his house regularly that went to some, some office building in Washington DC That's interesting. This curious, we should definitely find who, who that handset owner was. I'm not convinced if it was a conspiracy to, to kill Trump that they would've used a 20-year-old local kid. Is it DEII would say it's a greater lack of focus on merit and, and being solely focused on doing the mission and just allowing all the politics and political correctness of Washington to completely distract from an idea.


'cause I've seen that, we've seen that in the conduct of the war in Iraq, in the conduct of the war in Afghanistan, in the conduct of countering the Houthis. Right. So you have the, the Houthis that have now shut off one of the world's major waterways. The first thing I learned on the day, one of the US Navy, the mission of the US Navy is power projection, sea control, and to control the key choke points of the world. Well, right now, choke point is controlled by the Houthis enabled by Iran. The US Navy said, well, we fired a billion dollars worth of missiles at countering the Houthis. That's not even a real number. It's probably five or 6 billion.


'cause they're counting a billion dollars worth of missiles from what they bought, what they bought it for 20, 25 years ago. We're gonna pay 6 billion to restock. And again, the Houthis large and in charge, having shut that off, they're sent, the US military is sent to Gaza to build a pier for logistics. And they can't keep the pier afloat and functioning for more than a couple days. And it costs $230 million. It's just failure after failure of throwing fire, hosing money at an incompetent unaligned bureaucracy. And, and, and sadly, a guy lost his life on last Saturday because of that. And you know, it, it, the, the scariest thing is wars start because of assassinations.


World War I started when Archduke Francis Ferdinand, the heir to the, the throne of the Austria-Hungarian empire was assassinated on a botched hit in Belgrade in 1914. They, they tried blowing up his car that morning. They missed, he was actually visiting in the hospital, his wounded guys leaving out of there. And the, the the assassin saw his car going down the street without guards, stepped out with a pistol and shot him. That started World War I, which killed millions of people, rewrote the map of Europe. Imagine America today. If they had assassinated Donald Trump, would we be in a civil war?


Maybe, maybe not. Would there be high likelihood of violence? Yes.


Reports say 60% of US pork production comes from one company owned by the Chinese. And their hogs are giving something called Recine, which has banned in 160 countries to include China. Yet you find it in your grocery store aisle every day. There's a better way. I'd like to tell you about mok. mok delivers grass fed and grass finished beef, lamb pastured pork chicken, and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door, Mok Farmers Farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Mok Meat tastes like it should because the family farm just does it better. The MOK difference is a difference You can taste and you can feel good knowing you're helping family farms stay financially independent too. You choose the meat delivered in every box, like rib ice to chicken breasts, to pork chops, to salmon filets and much more. Plus you can cancel it anytime. Plus they guarantee you'll say, oink oink. And I'm just so happy I got moked. So keep American farming going by. Signing up at mok box.com/sean right now. And listeners of this show, get Free Bacon for a year. That's one year of the best bacon you will ever taste. But it's only for a limited time. Spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/sean. That's mink box.com/sean.


Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance designed by parents for parents and has been trusted by millions of families just like yours for over 50 years. I trust Fabric to have what I need to protect my family. Thinking about getting life insurance, now's the time. Your kids are young, you are healthy. Lock in low rates with fabric by Gerber Life. My family's financial security is always my number one priority. And it should be yours too. Fabric was designed by parents for parents entrusted by millions of families like yours. They have over 1,805 star reviews on Trustpilot with a rating of excellent. Having term life insurance for myself is crucial because I can rest easier knowing my family is taken care of, even if I'm not there. That's where Fabric by Gerber Life comes in. Join me in thousands of parents who trust fabric to protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean. That's meet fabric.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices, subject underwriting and health questions.


You've got only a few months until the 2024 election takes place. And who knows where the country's going to be. What will the national debt be? How many more political tricks will there be? That's why I've teamed up with a top rated precious metals company Goldco, to diversify and help protect my savings with gold and silver before it's too late. We live in unprecedented times and for me that calls for action. Goldco made sure I had all the information I needed to make the best decision for myself and for my family. They've helped people like you and me place over two and a half billion dollars into gold and silver right now. They're offering up to 10% instant match in bonus silver if you qualify while supplies last. So go to Sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold and see if you qualify to get your bonus over today. You'll also get a complimentary wealth protection kit to learn more about what precious metals can do for you. That's 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. Or visit sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


Well, he still has several months to the election and even if he wins then we have four years of, I mean, you know, so we may be heading down that road anywhere. And that's, anyways, and that's kind of how I would to to, to get, we'll get to that later in the interview. But what is, I mean, like I said, I can't tell what's real and what's not real anymore on the media. On what, what I'm being fed. I see all these things. Supposedly they went and went to the shooter's house and it was completely clean. This is all unconfirmed hearsay right now, is what I've been able to find. But from what I've been told, there's no, there wasn't any dirty dishes.


there was no silverware, there was no trash. It was almost like a a a medical operating table. It was that clean. Have you heard this? I've not heard that. I mean, what do you, what are your thoughts? What was this? I think that Congress needs to use its subpoena power to subpoena every officer that was anywhere involved in that, in that setting. Interview them publicly, let a live feed of the interview be simulcast. It's only the massive disinfectant effect of transparency that will actually answer these questions.


Do you actually think we'll get that? But we just saw the secret service director get grilled by Congress. She didn't answer anything. She didn't answer Anything. She ducked. You've been in Congress several times. She ducked behind the, well the FBI's investigated the FBI's investigating, who is investigating at the FFBI? Who is that? Where, where has there been any information they should be having a daily pressor updating what this is, was this a conspiracy higher up or not? Do you think we'll ever get that? Well, the Warren Commission after the assassination of Kennedy was so screwed up, they had to have a second one.


And clearly the results of that, you know, my issue there is 1992 Congress passed a law stating that within 25 years, the c all documents, all documents related to the Kennedy assassination must be released. So that 25 years expired in 2017 when Mike Pompeo was the director of CIA and he stopped the release of those documents. I find that unacceptable. I don't care if it says that his wife did it or whatever government entity. Again, we need, if we're gonna have a republic and we're gonna have any kind of confidence in our government institutions, let truth be be released enough.


It doesn't sound like you wanna say what you really think, but I think, I Think is it a conspiracy? I don't know. Well put it this way. If it was a conspiracy, it's not how I would do it. So maybe I'm, maybe I'm confirmation biasing myself out of it that way. Well, you're a competent guy. These people aren't, I mean, just with all the context, you know, behind it. I mean there's, they definitely, it, it seems to me they used an escalation of force. We saw the rioting happen before he even got elected. Then he got elected rioting all over the streets. Antifa Yeah, Tucker Tucker called it. What what's the next thing? Yeah, they're gonna try to, they're gonna try to hurt him. But both Tucker and Bannon, they called it.


So, I mean, how could you not use those context, that context and, and and it was an escalation of force. Yes. How do people not see that? And, and, and we're lucky that he aimed at his head because don don't think, don don't think Trump was wearing plates that day and it was probably an M four. Do you agree? Probably a 5, 5 6 bullet. Yeah. So again, wearing plates center mass on a 78-year-old man probably would've killed him. And whether he hit here or here or here, doesn't really matter.


It would've put him down. So the, the assassination he was going for, going for the glory shot and thank god he missed. I mean, on top of that, I'm, I've been on several events where Secret Service was involved and we did one in, in ton bull back in 2004 with the NATO convention. And I've seen, I mean they were, they appeared very competent back then. Every rooftop was covered, every window was covered. I was a part of the sniper Overwatch I don. I don't, when I saw that. Ha, I don't. And then you and, and that was downtown Ton Bull Turkey or downtown DC or downtown Baghdad.


Yep. This was a this was a farm field. Yes. How, how can it be that incompetent? Because he was not anywhere near protected at the level of even what the first lady was. Because he had not, because the Secret Service ups their protection level once a candidate is the nominee of the party. And so this was like the last week before that happened. Like I said before, Jill, Jill Biden had three times as many Secret Service agents on her as Trump did that day. And he's at a outdoor venue. They, they viewed 140 yard rooftop as being outside their perimeter, completely irrational and crazy.


So are you involved in this now? Have they contacted you? There's certainly been a lot of chatter about that. I've had some private conversations offering what it would look like. And my, also, my professional opinion is trying to integrate private contractors in with Secret Service agents will be exceedingly difficult. And the private guys will always get shafted. 'cause if anything happens, if they shoot somebody or if they don't shoot somebody, it will always be the private guy's fault. That being said, there's still guys that will stand the post 'cause they love dropping water. Protect him. But I think the best use, if you're gonna add a different look to this, is to put five really good sniper slash soft type guys on your advanced team.


Because the danger of law enforcement, and I've even seen this in company security officers, company security officers that come from a law enforcement background tend to be looking rear words, looking for evidence to collect. Soft guys tend to hunt like a predator. How am I gonna, I'm gonna look at that target every which way to see how I'm gonna kill it. And I think you need to look at this from a predator's perspective, including upping the game with the knowledge that's come out of the Ukraine war of applying drone technology. Because now, you know, before you'd have a, you'd have a perimeter of a thousand yards, right? For a counter sniper.


And now you can have a guy with a drone that can deliver a payload from 10 or 15 kilometers away If You And he can control that phone with four or 5G. Yeah. It doesn't have to be radio controlled. So there's, there's a lot of danger in a lot of payloads. There's not one drone. There can be 20 drones or you can, they can have a, an algorithm on there that they'll swarm to converge on one location. That's a tough, tough thing for them to protect. So again, if you really wanna up the game, then put some proper hunters on it. Does he, I mean do, does he have to use Secret Service from this point forward?


I don't know. I don't even know what that would look like. Well, the Pinkertons Alan Pinkerton, the of the Pinkerton detective agency detected an original I think it was called the Gunpowder plot to assassinate Lincoln in like 1862. And so they took on a lot of that security and counterintelligence role during the Civil War. But then the Secret Service was formed supposedly as a side job to protect presidents. 'cause the biggest problem after the Civil War was counterfeiting, counterfeiting of all this money. So that was the main job of the Secret Service of the Treasury. And they were assigned the executive protection role right before or right after Lincoln was assassinated.


What would you do if you were Trump? Make sure I would, I would put some additional advance people on whether they're consultants or get some detailees over from Black Squadron or G Squadron to just do additional advance work to present a list of options to say, these are the 10 ways that I would kill Donald Trump right now. And make sure those 10 or those 20 are blocked. Right. And make sure all those security measures are taken. Make sure the team that's assigned to him now is the A team.


It's not a bunch of rehashed HSI agents. And that makes me think, what the hell is HSI, where did an entire other federal investigative agency come from out of Department of Homeland Security. I thought, I thought DHS was supposed to be a parent organization for all the different comp component parts, but now they have their own investigative proctology function as well. It's alarming. Yes, it is. I don don't know how you could don don't know how you could trust any government organization at this point to protect you if you were, if you were Trump Well, or Anybody else. Even even some of the statements made by, by some of the Secret Service agents after the, during the 2016 to 20 presidency.


I'm not gonna take a bullet for Donald Trump. Okay, fine then you don't need to work here anymore. It, it, it, this again, the politicization of everything makes our country look more like the Soviet Union did, not the republic that we're supposed to have. Yeah. So it only changes by bringing accountability and professionalism back to the ranks And. if that means making him a lot smaller, significantly smaller, fine, but at least build back with something that you can actually rely on. What are the other ways that you would be concerned? They would try to kill him? Look, he's a very public, outgoing, gregarious guy.


He loves to do the grip and, you know, the meet and greets in the ice cream shop or the bakery or whatever. That's, that's an exposure that's dangerous. And it only takes one person that looks like they're a Trump supporter to not be, to crack themselves off or to stab or whatever. So it's, it's a dangerous time. I wouldn't even want to take a bite of food if I was him at this point. Well, you can't be paranoid. Can't be. They just shot him in the head. I just, what do you think about Biden stepping down right after this and we haven't seen him in, what was it, seven days now?


I well it was definitely the, the cascading effects of a really, really bad debate. I mean, what a disaster. And, and for them trying to medicate and manage the medications or when he is up and when he is down and, and you know, he's only available from what, nine o'clock to four o'clock in the afternoon. So make sure the enemies don't attack us after Yeah, after working hours. I think the, the, the, for all the talk about democracy, Democrat Party is not all about democracy because he was chosen in the primary that they had and now they've kind of pushed him out in a almost palace coup.


Even his announcement. And when Lin, when Johnson announced that he was not running for the 68 election, he spoke from the white, from the Oval Office with a somber speech about why he wasn't doing it. Supposedly Biden was down with COV and all the rest. And then it's released on a personal letterhead. If you look at the signature, it didn't look like any of the previous 10 executive order signatures that Joe Biden signed very publicly under camera. So, don don't know. It looks a little funny. It does, it does look funny. It's, I mean, do you think that this was a planned distraction to get the, the assassination attempt outta the media?


No, I'd say the, the, I think the Democrat party bosses, the Obama wing realized that the support and the response of Trump after it, look, you gotta say Trump's response after they just shot his ear, was amazing, was brave. And he responded with, you know, fight, fight, fight. Good on him, bad on the protective detail for not getting him the hell off the ex. 'cause obviously he's up and exposed. So if there was a second or third shooter they would've shot. So again, no other shooting. No other shooting once the, the 20-year-old was down.


But I think the sympathy and the, the momentum he built off of that, and I think the Dem leaders realized that Biden was just not gonna make it as a candidate. So push him out and push him out now. So they supposedly have a convention and they, you know, trying to push Kamala Harris through, it's interesting that Obama has not endorsed Harris or that wing. And, and even BLM made a very strong statement against anointing her as the proposed, as the supposed nominee. Why do you think that is? Maybe Obama's thinking about somebody else. don don't know. Why does everybody say, why is everybody give Obama this much power?


Why is everybody saying this is what Obama wants? What Every other president when they leave office, leaves Washington rear view mirror, pack it off, go write their memoirs, enjoy their grandkids. R Obama bought a house in Georgetown, still running, still staffing, still definitely having a policy role, both organizing the opposition to Trump and certainly organizing significant input to the, to the Biden administration. Well He's also, that's not conspiracy. That's that's just known. Oh yeah. I mean he is also striking fear in, in, in the Heart of America.


I mean, you saw, did you see that movie? They released or produced the, what was it called? The one on Civil War? Yeah, I didn't see that. The outage Of communications. Yeah. Produced by Barack and Michelle Obama. Basically China invades a lot of messaging going on, is what I'm getting at. Yeah. Look, the idea of a foreign power invading America, it's tough, tough for me to think about. I mean, it it's like you have 1.2 guns for every person in America. The ability to control American society would be quite difficult.


I agree with you and I also disagree. I think that we're getting hit from a lot of different angles that don't, that that, that don't constitute the typical invasion that we're thinking about. We've got the fentanyl crisis happening from the cartels. China's behind just yesterday ahead of, spent the whole day with Williamson County Sheriff's Department and they were saying that the number one crime here right now is the Chinese are coming in and basically creating these scams with, with cryptocurrency. And so they'll come and to somebody and say, Hey, give us $10,000.


We'll double it within two weeks. Then they actually double it. So you get, you know, 20, 30 grand back and they're doing this to, to well to do affluent wealthy figures in society. The next investment's 500,000, that's a million, it's 2 million. And they just picked a guy up that had scammed, I think they said $12.4 million out of somebody. All this money is going directly back to China And. if it's happening in this county, then it's probably happening in just about every county. Sure. And so they're trying to deplete us of our own currency.


That's just cyber criminality run amuck. I mean that when you just have, when you have 1.4 billion people and you have a criminal class, look the, the fentanyl deaths last year were, the headline number is 109,000 bad. I think the number is, the real number is three to four times that. So if you think about, we lost 400,000 KIA in World War ii, so we're losing that much every year to fentanyl. Organized, propagated, facilitated by the Chinese Communist Party. In the last Mexican election, there was 27 candidates that were assassinated by the cartels funded by or funded or organized by the CCP to promote the most left-wing side of politics in Mexico.


So China is definitely running multiple covert action programs against the United States to destroy the society from the inside. They allow lots of cyber scams, all the rest. That's a, a great example of, you know, buyer must beware. And it's also a good example. If you think about how the American West was settled, and I hate to sound like the constant spokesman for the private sector, but it's just fact. The American West in the, you know, the post Civil War Wild West, it was not settled by the US Army or even by the US Marshals. Most of the law enforcement was done by private organizations, by the Pinkertons and those kind of things because you had the Pony express, which was the way people communicated, sent mail or packages.


You had the railroads, you had banks, they were just getting robbed by large gangs. And it was not, the government lacked the resources and the focus really to run those gangs down and to extinguish them. And you can see that in Butch Cassy and the Sundance kid, that old Robert Redford movie, they would rob and pillage go everywhere and the sheriff would always stop at the county line and the marshal would stop at this line. The army would stop at this border. But there was other guys that just chased him and chased him and chased him. They kept looking back, who are those guys? It was the Pinkertons. So at that point the Pinkerton detective agency had like six times the amount of armed agents that the army did.


Really? So again, nature hates a vacuum. Something's gonna fill it for all the talk of defund, the police, and we don't need police. Then you're gonna have cities like South Africa where you have housing neighborhoods that are surrounded by electric, high voltage electrified fences with access gates that look like you're entering an embassy with highly gunned up armed private response. 'cause there's no police that will come. People will self-organize. You think So It's historic. What Do you think we should be doing right now? We have a government that is not functioning our borders wide open.


This is solved. They're sending $80 million a week to the Taliban, $80 million a week to a terrorist organization that we fought for 20 plus years. Secret services isn't functioning. FBI is completely distraught. Yep. Our spending is out of control. It's, it's, we have a president we haven't seen in a week who is, says he's unfit to run for a second term, but he's fed to finish this term. Yeah, good question. Yikes. I drove out here, I drove across Virginia and Tennessee and it reminded me of how great these states are and how big they are and how little they need the federal government.


And I think the founding fathers were brilliant in that, you know, pass the Constitution, but they wouldn't pass the Constitution without the 10. The well, the Bill of Rights and the 10th Amendment is very specific. It says any power not specifically delegated to the federal government, remains the sole purview of the states. And I think it's very, we're well past due time for states to flex up and to tell the federal government no on a lot of things, And, if you're a border state and the federal government is clearly not enforcing border security, mount up your National Guard, mount up militia, whatever it is, deport, capture, deport, do what's necessary to protect your citizens and tell Washington to go f right off.


And I think there's plenty of states that would join with 'em in doing that. I think COVID showed that how important local government is, right. Send your mayor or your county commissioner on whether you can go to the shopping mall or go to church or whatever. Again, not an argument we ever should have even had, but you can see the default, the default fascist in people that want to control. And good governance should happen locally. And state government is also much more accountable. And I think one of the real problems with the federal government, particularly with the Senate, happened when, back in the progressive era in the 19 teens, like 110 years ago, when they passed an amendment which took away, it used to be that the state legislatures would elect the senators, US senators, but then they changed it to be direct election.


So it's, you're now you're voting from Tennessee to send your senator on. The problem with that is it allows money from not Tennessee, but from everywhere to flood into Tennessee's election to affect how that senator's elected instead of that senator that goes to represent Tennessee, be beholden to Tennessee's interests and the state legislature who elected him telling him what to do. It was a brilliant move by the founding fathers terrible move by the progressives, the super leftists in the 19, the, the, the wood Rule Wilson era to change that. And it allowed greater concentration of federal power again when they passed that, when they passed the income tax.


'cause before that, it used to be that the federal government was run solely off of tariffs, protect every, every imported good would get nicked with a 15% tariff. Gives a certain amount of protection to domestic industry but not unreasonable. And, and that was it. And it, and it capped the size of government because you, you're never gonna grow that tax base that much more so you've had a massive concentration of federal power, civil service protections. So you have a bureaucracy that's been growing steadily and at the same time a fiat currency that Congress can just print an unlimited amount of budget deficit, an extra trillion dollars.


So what we spend an extra trillion dollars, that's their mentality, which has allowed the worst aspects of federal bureaucracy and, and idiocy to now be funded with unlimited, really unlimited money. You see that in the wars that have been funded 20 year war in Afghanistan. Total fail. 'cause there was never a guns or butter decision that someone politician had to make. Are we gonna fund healthcare or roads or are we gonna fund a failed war in Afghanistan? No one had to make that adult decision. So again, this gets solved by the power of the purse and demanding that our elected legislatures spend less money.


You can, you, you're sick of government, you want less government, don't fund it. Trust me, the bureaucrats will not show up for free. You're sick of the, of, of, of a lack of focus in the security agencies. Cut their budget 30, 40%, you'll get their attention and you'll get rid of a lot of bad eggs. The amount of fraud and that. So, so we're seeing incompetence even evil in these institutions. Imagine how much fraud there is in all the healthcare transfer payments in, in social security, in Medicare and Medicaid. Those still some of our most expensive things that we spend money on every year.


It's what's bankrupting us as a country. And it's just blowing out everywhere. You can't even imagine the amount of corruption there. Do you think we're seeing certain states start to align? I think you're seeing some states that have people a bit more aware of just how bad it is. But you know, if you think, if you think state of Virginia, if it was a standalone state, would have a GDP the size or larger than Austria, Texas, it's gonna be one of the fourth or fifth largest economies in the world.


I think Florida's right up there too. California huge. If the federal government suddenly in America got really, really much smaller that that's not the worst thing. Well I don't think they have any plans on reforming. So, you know, I I feel like we're starting to see, we had a good conversation about this on your first interview and I feel like we're starting to see certain states align and for example, the Texas border. I know Tennessee sent National Guard down there. I know a couple other states that, I can't remember exactly which ones, but I think you're also seeing states start to pass.


Abbott was slow, Abbot was slow in taking action in Texas. It's too bad he should have flexed up and told the feds to pound sand a lot earlier. I don't disagree with you. And since we're in Tennessee, Andrew Jackson, right. He sent forces and he literally made the, the victory, he made it possible for America to own the mouth of the Mississippi River. You think about the war of 1812, the last battle was fought. I think in 1815, the Battle of New Orleans led by Wild man Jackson. And he won and drove the British out of outta North America that way. So there's plenty of precedent of states sending like-minded capability to help each other out and to accomplish a desired common goal.


I I would argue that securing the border can and should be done across the entirety of the border. I think one of the key missions if Trump is elected is how do you find, how do you locate and deport the tens of millions of people that entered here legally that don't necessarily subscribe to the, the republic that we've, that we've elected, that we've served, that we've voted on. We are gonna just import 10 or 20% of the population for actual demographic shift, which you see in the Democratic party is they're trying to register them as voters. That's just, that's not their How are you, how can you be a counterparty to someone that continually breaks any kind of commonly, mutually understood rules?


There doesn't appear to be any rules anymore. To me, I it become, I i i, if you have no rule of law, then it becomes rule of force. And that's an entirely different equation and that's a horrible road to go down. So I really hope people fully evaluate the choices they're making. Well, I hope so too. But it, it I think, it just seems, it seems to be getting worse and worse and worse. And I'm trying, I am really trying to find some hope here. The only hope I've seen are the, are these few states that have, that seem to be alarming. I know Louisiana's in there too will send a national guard.


I think that we are seeing states start to pass very Right legislation, very unforgiving abortion laws I think it was it, 26 out of 28 Republican states now have open carry. I believe that's a number. And these, I mean everybody seems to be falling into line here. Yeah. And it it will make it. I I did, I did the same thing. I'm a, I'm a Wyoming resident and I bought a billboard between, during Covid 'cause there was a lot of people moving there from, from California.


And I bought the billboard and I said, don't California or Cody, Did they do it, Did They California? Not yet. Not That's good part of it. Well, around Jackson, yes, but most of, most of Wyoming is very normal. Wyoming is Wyoming still is what America was. That's nice to hear the state's starting to change with all of them coming here. But do you think these governors are having conversations behind closed doors about what's happening? Don don't know. I don't have a lot of interaction with, with governors, but I I certainly hope they take their roles very seriously.


And if you think about how much rightly how much influence local and, and state governments have over our day-to-day lives is much more than the federal government. The whole thing, the whole reason this is outta balance is because the federal government has just gotten way too big. And, and all of that needs to be put on a diet and that will require 'cause unfortunately, it's not just up to the power of a few individuals anymore or voters. You need states as with the, with the, with the infrastructure, logistics and, and economic power they can muster to again, tell the federal government to go on a diet. When we say, when people say they tried to kill 'em, they are after us.


Who do you think everybody's referring to? Is it, who's they? Is it the left? Is it the deep state? Is it, is it one in the same? What is it? Who is they The most popular political party? Well, the most successful political party of the 20th century was the socialist workers party con con convention of like 1924. And they laid out in their party platform all the things that have actually been enacted by the Democratic party, right? Cradle to grave welfare, marginal income tax, inheritance taxes, the full spectrum of government programs everywhere.


And so there is still a, there's a lot of people that still believe in the, the, the lies of Marxism Leninism of communism, of a collectivism. And there are some people that default to thinking like a collectivist and they think, well we can actually achieve power and we can achieve paradise if only we're in charge and, and we're allowed to make all these decisions. And so that's who they are. It's people that are the natural collectivists controlling people that want to control pretty much any aspect of your life. So what the Chinese Communist Party does, they have a very different paradigm.


We believe in individual liberty. They believe in unity and control and control by the party. What you're seeing the democratic party do in removing Biden from candidacy and now what charade they're gonna pull for a convention and a hurry up reselection of a candidate. And now with the, with the, with their toadies and cronies and the media promoting either Kamala Harris or whoever, whoever they end up putting on the ticket, there is a, a collectivist elite that focused on that.


And it's probably, you know, good journalism would be exposing that. And again, bright disinfectant lights of truth on who the, who those shot colors are is important. I want to, I just wanna rewind real quick back to the, I mean, I don't know any other way to say it. People, people are concerned, they're fucking tired of what's going on. I see it in the comments all the time. When are we gonna do something? When are we gonna do something? And it's been, it's been going on for eight plus years now.


Easy to type, Very easy to type, hard to hard, Hard to do. Yeah. What do You It it, it, it causes, I mean look, think about what that, what that means. That's enormous. And it's not about taking up arms and doing something. It's about showing up at the school board meeting and calling bullshit on the person that's pushing trainee stuff to your kids or whatever other nonsense. Right? It's, it's, it's showing up, it's turning off the football game and showing up to these local governance things or canvassing your local elections and getting your own friends, siblings, cousins, kids to turn out and vote, making sure they're educated on the issues.


It's, it's not about, you know, jocking up going to war. It's about this is, this has gotta be solved at the ballot box. It's still possible to solve with the ballot box so it doesn't have to be solved with a cartridge box. Is it still possible to be solved at the ballot box? Yes. Sure. How many illegals just entered this country? A lot. How many of them are gonna vote? Well, fair question. I there's some, there's some good lawsuits being filed right now to a number of those elections boards in those states, forcing them to delineate, forcing them to take action so that you get a judge decision before the election. Because judges after the election are not gonna throw out elections.


They're just, they're just too scared. But there's a lot of parts of the country that you can still run honest elections and still contest hell even, heck, even in, even in California, Steve Garvey has a reasonable shot of beating Adam Schiff for the Senate be a great sign. It would be. Do you think that they are allowing these illegals to flood in so they can keep the electoral votes? Sure. With the, with the outflux of That is a combination of big business, which wants cheap labor. 'cause look, I I run a manufacturing business in America. It is hard to get people to show up and wanna work in a factory because you have the economy rolling.


You have massive still amounts of federal transfer programs for welfare. And so if you're competing with somebody staying on the couch and watching TV versus showing up at a factory and they might get paid the same as if they stay home, they're gonna choose to stay home. So again, but big business needs labor and they wanna drive their labor costs down. Come on. So they abuse the H one B visa programs. They, they, they abuse a lot of that because they can, because they pay their lobbyists who pay politicians to keep those visa programs going.


And, and the Dems have a very concerted effort to open the border. They, they touted it. Biden and Kamala Harris, who is supposed to be the border czar made all kinds of points of how they undid all the Trump border policies. And now you have what, 15, 20 million people ruling in. Yeah, that's a combination of demographic replacement and, and cheap labor for big business. I mean 20 million illegals, that's 25% of Biden's vote last election. 81 million votes. If there's, if he actually got 81 million votes, If he actually got 'em now it's 101 million.


If they, if they vote 'em all, which I'm sure they'll try to, it doesn't seem to me like there's anything that's off the table at this point. I read a lot of history and it actually has been worse. So we're not there yet. Do we have to go worse before we see better? I sure hope not. What does worse look like? Unbelievable tribal slaughter. You I I, I don't think a, the last civil war was largely over, yes, slavery was a factor, but industrial control of the south by the north and tariffs and all those things played a huge factor.


The fact is, of the people that fought for the south, very, very few, I think less than 5% actually owned slaves. So they were played to defend the way they wanted to govern themselves or the way they wanted to trade with Europe or an agrian based economy. So I'm not here to relitigate the entire civil war, but today it is that political divide is largely rural versus urban, which would play out very differently. It's not regional, it's not north versus south. It's, it's, it's county and, you know, rural areas versus cities and that's, that can be ugly.


How close are we to that? Well, if, if Trump was assassinated and the gap and the chaos it would've ensued. Who knows what would've happened and who knows what the federal overreach would've been. And yeah, there's a, there's a a lot of people that don't have a lot of confidence in the federal institutions anymore. And it doesn't take, it doesn't take much. Do You have confidence in any federal institution that exists? I have a lot of confidence in the men from the units, the kind of units that we came from. I don't know, I don't know. don don't have supreme confidence in all the officers, but I have a lot of confidence in let's say oh 4 0 5 and below.


'cause they, they're the right kind of people. They recently attended a, a special forces Q course graduation and it was, it was so heartening, it was 220 studs. They knew exactly which bathroom to use. They were there to serve their country and it was great. They, I'm glad they know what bathroom to use. That's great to hear. I can't even believe we're talking about that right Now. I say that tongue in cheek. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But Eric, let's take a, let's take a quick break.


Are you tired of losing your fantasy football league year after year? Lindsey Rhodes, Emmy-winning sports, Catherine Football Analyst is your new secret weapon on the Believe Fantasy Football show. Watch the quarterbacks and his a DP and I think he has massive high end Upside. Get expert analysis on player rankings. Wide Receiver 22 in fantasy Cecil shorts That kid can run. So I'm thinking he can have a breakout season this year And you can too by searching the Believe Fantasy Football show. That's B-L-E-A-V. Wherever you listen.


I want to tell you about this business venture I've been on for about the past seven, eight months and it's finally come to fruition. I've been hellbent on finding the cleanest functional mushroom supplement on the planet and that all kind of stemmed from the psychedelic treatment I did. Came out of it, got a ton of benefits, haven't had a drop of alcohol in almost two years. I'm more in the moment with my family and that led me down researching the benefits of just everyday functional mushrooms. And I started taking some supplements, I found some coffee replacements. I even repped a brand and you know, it got to the point where I just wanted the finest ingredients available no matter where they come from. And it it, it got to this point where I was just gonna start my own brand. And so we started going to trade shows and, and looking for the finest ingredients and, and doing that. I ran into this guy, maybe you've heard of him, his name's Laird Hamilton and his wife Gabby Reese. And they have an entire line of supplements with all the finest ingredients. And we got to talking. Turns out they have the perfect functional mushroom supplement. It's actually called Performance Mushrooms. And this has everything. It's USDA organic, it's got Chaga quadriceps, lion's Mane, Mia Taki. This stuff is amazing for energy balance, for cognition. Look, just being honest, see a lot of people taking care of their bodies, I do not see a lot of people taking care of their brain. This is the product guys. And so we got to talking and our values seemed very aligned. We're both into the functional mushrooms and after a lot of back and forth, I am now a shareholder in the company. I have a small amount of ownership and I'm just, look, I'm just really proud to be repping and be a part of the company that's making the best functional mushroom supplement on the planet. You can get this stuff it layered superfoods.com. You can use the promo code SRS that'll get you 20% off these performance mushrooms or anything in the store. They got a ton of good stuff. Once again, that's layered superfoods.com. Use the promo code SRS that gets you 20% off. You guys are gonna love this stuff. I guarantee it.


Alright, Eric, we're back from the break and we had a lot of mini conversations there. Something that I want to talk to you about is government agency overreach, and we kind of talked about governors aligning, people aligning. I think there's a lot of really good ideas out there, and I don't think that they're being talked about on mass scale because I, I think pe everybody's worried that somebody's listening to their phone Yeah. And which we'll get into the, one of the solutions to that. But I want, I want to, I just want to pick your brain about, Well, the first time we talked about two years ago now, I mentioned the Chevron difference, right?


The Chevron case and how it unleashed the federal bureaucratic state, because I think 1984 there was a Supreme Court case, natural Resources Defense Counsel versus Chevron. And there, the Supreme Court actually just basically punted and gave the regulatory authority to the EPA and gave them basically by, by judicial decree, the means to write law. And so they, the court gave them an inch, and they've taken miles since then, like 70 to 80,000 pages of new regulations, which has the force of law every year since then.


That's one of the reasons we have a runaway regulatory state. But this last spring, the Supreme Court nixed it. God bless these fishermen. I think there was fishermen in, in Massachusetts that were sick because some fishery regulator was making 'em pay $700 a day for a fishery bureaucrat to ride along on their fishing boat and to provide accommodation for 'em. And those guys said, enough of this, what we're talking about, put down the remote control for the tv, push back, fight back. These guys actually fought that case, funded it all the way to Supreme Court, and they won. And now that is gonna unleash the private sector and patriots to be able to push back on overreaching federal, federal regulations everywhere.


So as a, as a citizen and a person that believes in very limited government, this is a huge step forward. But what the federal government has done, particularly after nine 11, is they've really gotten, they've engorged on data collection after nine 11 hits. The, the a basically advertising firms came forward with some user data trying to find attributes similar to the 19 9 11 hijackers, to find other needles in a stack of needles. And they did that and the federal government got used to it.


And they really started buying, put out the demand signal for more and more of that consumer advertising type data. And then you hit the convergence of smartphones coming out in 2000 9, 10 11 when Google and Apple put software developer kits for each of the apps that are gonna go on their phones, either on an Apple phone or on an Android running Google Mobile services. That software development kit, in exchange for that app going on, the, the free app going on, the device is enabled to collect and export all of that customer data.


Where you go, what you buy, who you call, what you browse turns on the microphone, the camera, the GPS 'cause all those free apps, they're not doing it 'cause they like you, they're doing it because they're harvesting your data. You become the product. And so that, you know, over the last few years, the federal agencies were getting somewhat not beat up. That's a, that's too strong of a term criticized by Congress for buying all of this consumer data that, that we have willingly given. Right? When you, when you buy an an Apple or a Android type phone and you, you scroll through that user agreement that nobody actually reads, they say basically, yeah, we are collecting and exporting your data.


That's what we're doing. Because of that, we've consented to it this entire industry. It's really, it's called surveillance capitalism. There's a fantastic book written by Byron Tao called The Means of Control. And it is shocking of how this industry was created, how some of the early federal government attempts at collecting this data were actually shut down by a privacy, by privacy worries in Congress. But how basically the Pentagon rebadged it and started collecting more and more and more of this data. But like I said, the federal agencies got sick of being criticized.


So what'd they do in this last FISA? It's not an extension, it was a massive expansion. What they passed is that any federal agent can go to any one of these companies, whether it's app information, data on you from a banking app, travel a gaming app, WhatsApp, any messaging app, email service, whatever. They can collect all of that data on you with no probable cause and certainly without a warrant. So yeah, it is a massive, without A Warrant. Without a warrant, What kind of information will they be getting?


I think there's a lot of people that don't understand what kind of data is being, being Transferred pages every message. Right? Zuckerberg paid $20 billion for WhatsApp because every message that passes through every, every text, every picture, every call, every voice note analyzed by their algorithm to sell advertising, they take your data. If you're using WhatsApp, they take that data to figure out which your preferences to to, to sell those preferences to an advertising firm. That's why Google and Apple and the other big, you know, big three, big five tech firms are some of the largest economies on Earth. When if you, if you have their combined GDPs, it's one of the largest countries on the planet.


It's shocking. And it's, and it started after nine 11 and it exploded as smartphones came into being. And that's why it is amazing what people give up willingly and largely out of ignorance. And, and a lot of people think, well, I don't care. But now in an era of AI where now machines can start to don don't know groom your preferences, apple just announced that in their next upgrade coming this fall, that they're gonna actually put chat GPT on every iPhone to collect and analyze all the data of yours that's flowing through an iPhone. If you're using it, it's, it is shocking what big tech thinks they can do to get away with.


And, and look, some people are sheep and they wanna live like sheep and be treated like sheep. And you know, not everyone is a sheep. Well, you're so concerned about it. You co-founded Unplugged. Yeah. I, I, having been having, having seen the abuses of law enforcement and politicized, politicized government organs and especially after the 2020 election, seeing them cancel certain voices, throwing people off of app stores or whatever for being an election denier or questioning covid or all this nonsense.


I said we gotta have a, our own phone independent of the Google Apple universe that they can't cancel. And because we had a team together already that had done a lot of offense and defensive cyber around phones, including building a completely separate operating system for a secure phone and even one that controls pacemakers. We did it and yeah, we, we, we got unplugged to market. You've talked about it with your customers. We're we hope you're using your phone. Got it. Right here. Right on. We got the whole team. These, we set up the whole Masu interview in Vienna. Good with these. And Gabe Masu one is, if you've watched it, you know I did.


But I am curious who helped you, who helped you develop this Tech team? And our CEO is guy named Ryan Patterson. And he is a ex-Marine DARPA guy. Built a company that does most of the communications into denied areas for the USG and the, our CTO is actually the guy that developed Pegasus. Are you, are you shiting me? Yeah. He developed Pegasus. He Developed Pegasus. He's an Israeli guy, but That scares the shit out of me. Do you wanna talk about Pegasus? But he developed Pegasus as a way for a company, as a, for a phone company to do service.


If you have a problem with your phone, they send you a text, you click on the text, they can take over your phone, fix it remotely, and then leave when they be, when when, when the company traded hands, he left when he became offensive, he left and he built a, it's called the Intact phone, which is a highly secure government phone. And then he left and built the, a phone that controls most of the world's pacemakers. So not not just having to deal with intelligence and government related stuff, but literally a healthcare controlling a healthcare device that goes in someone's body. 'cause like when, when Cheney was president, vice president, the main secret service concern then was someone hacking his, his pacemaker.


'cause you can't have a hackable pacemaker. So Yes, fair question from a, you know, we, we've done all the third party penetration testing, is there back doors, all the rest. We put out huge bounties at the Defcon Hacker Conference to say this is our messenger, this is our operating system. If you can hack it, there's Bitcoin wallets in these places. If you can hack it, great. Nobody's hacked it. Still got the Bitcoin. And it's, it's a lot more valuable though too. That's good to hear. What are some of the, I mean I know some of the features and I I just told you I spent yesterday at the sheriff's department and I, some of the tech they have, I was, it's been a minute since, it's been about 10 years since I've been with the agency and the tech that the local sheriff's department has now crushes what I was involved in and what I had access to.


Right. And So whether it's Stingray stuff, the ad IDs, all this stuff, it's all based on the exhaust given off by your Google or Android type phone. Right? What, what even the, the, the Heritage Foundation running checks on the ad IDs that, so each, each Google or Apple phone has a, like a 32 digit advertising id. It's a code someone could call it the mark of the beast that follows that device around everywhere. And that's how the tech companies track where that device goes to figure out proximity for advertising sales and who you're interacting with and your schedule.


The average kid in America, by the time they reach the age of 13, has had 72 million data points collected on them by big tech. Wow. Using that advertising id. Wow. So again, we did unplugged as a way for people to still communicate in the world but not be giving off all their digital data to big tech, to people that really don't like them. That, yeah. So you can use pretty much all the same apps that you're used to, but they're not providing you the customized experience because it's not leaking. Sending all of your data out every night. We did a, a side-by-side test between our phone and Google and Apples and the Google and Apple phone seemed to wake up between two and three at night.


And they have this huge, like a 50 megabyte data dump that's sent out from the phone every night basically that, that phone phoning home, sending off your preferences, everything you've done that day, ours doesn't. Wow. Wow. The, in the, in the book The Means of Control, it talks about a d's, there was a D'S DHS agent interviewed about using some of this early ad tech stuff and he demoed it and he tested it on himself. And sure enough, from the ad ID alone, he could figure out which, he could confirm which side of the bed he was sleeping on in his house.


So again, some people are fine being sheep. We are for the non sheep, I'm a non sheep. But what are some of the, what are some of the other features on the phone? I know it has the kill switch, which we have A lot. We have a kill switch, which physically separates the electronics from the battery. 'cause if you, if you try to shut off your, if existing phone, it doesn't actually shut off it, it's still listening. It's still pinging towers and still pinging wifi, building a digital breadcrumb trail. We have a secure messenger with a dump feature with, if someone tries to take your phone and force you to unlock it, you can unlock it with a called the clear pin data code and it wipes it and it'll brick the phone.


So again, it's the phone is for free people that want to be secure in their first and fourth amendment rights, a right to free speech and your fourth amendment right to be free of, of illegal searches. Because because what what what this FISA expansion is, is I cannot imagine it stands up constitutionally. 'cause it is so beyond the pale of anything that's legal. Put it this way, the founding fathers went to war over, over taxes on, on land transfer stamps. The stamp act. Were basically with that, with that FISA expansion that even some Republicans voted for.


Terrible, terrible ter It literally allows government into every aspect of your digital life with no warrant and with no probable cause. Just because they don't like Sean Ryan, I know they don't like me, but join the club. Do you think that, do you think you guys will develop some type of a computer as well? Yeah, we talked about a tablet and then a a a laptop as well. Listen, we, we, we, we woke up three years ago and decided to take on two multi-trillion dollar companies. Pro walk run brother. We're, we're getting There. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just excited. I'm, I I like our, listen, our messenger also works in a browser, so you can use it as a, to replace email 'cause it's not sending emails, but we can send secure messages that you can burn that, that, that you can send with a, with an expire time.


I want to talk to you about Taiwan. What do you have to say about what's going on over there? The CCP definitely desperately wants it back. They've been, they've been like a, a boa constrictor moving closer and closer. And the interesting thing, well the sad thing is while everyone's been focused on Taiwan itself, they have been moving heavily diplomatically and with a lot of black bag diplomacy, cash into a lot of islands that, that World War II history fans will recognize, like the Solomons Guadalcanal, those islands, they have been setting up bases, diplomatic relations, doing all kinds of infrastructure investments, choking off and basically building significant capacity outside the first and second chain of islands.


So the, the islands that Marines and Army fought for to recapture from the Japanese Empire are now basically being, 'cause the US is asleep at the switch in the same way that the Obama administration was asleep at the switch when the Chinese moved into the South China Sea and built all kinds of islands out of stuff that was reefs, basically dredging built an island and the Chinese would say, well this is not anything military. It's really just a search and rescue and a weather station bullshit. It's a in my, in my travels in China, I actually met the, the, the former CEO of China Harbor and Dredge, I I said this on a previous interview.


They had no plans to do that, but they found the Obama administration to be so vapid, they just went for it and built these islands. Now diplomatically, China is moving into these islands, tiny islands with maybe 50,000 people as as citizens. But they have, you know, millions of square miles of ocean space. And the US is asleep of the switch. And so we're getting displaced. So it's elections have consequences, man. And, and there's just a lot, not a lot of good things happening on the, on the Asia front. And, and, and, and at the same time, the Taiwanese still believe Uncle Sugar is gonna bail them out and they're not very focused on building and preparing and readiness.


And us military leadership keeps defaulting towards the same big, very expensive weapon systems. And I think, I think the Ukraine war is showing that big and exotic weapon systems are subject to, to being destroyed and certainly being targeted there, there is so much the p for plenty volume that China can throw at Taiwan or at US Navy ships is, is very, very dangerous. Interesting. And I, I thought I still possible they can go this fall and take it militarily.


But now seeing what they're doing diplomatically, they're able to choke off much of the, of the, not just the South China Sea, but even islands between there and Australia diplomatically and get their bases established the same way. What Do you think Australia thinks of all this? How concerned are they? They're quite concerned, but they've had runaway immigration for a long time. They have a huge Chinese population, which is probably not as a adverse to China as Australian citizens are. And and again, they're also misled. They're, they're now buying very expensive nuclear submarines from the United States when they could buy eight times as many right now that are diesel electric.


That would be more potent, more capable and and harder for the, the CCP to track and locate and and defeat. So again, the there, what you're seeing in Ukraine, a massive step change in warfare. A an FPV drone carrying a charge this size that you can 3D print next to the battlefield, fill it with explosives with a $700 FPV racing drone with a, with a different software on it. But that charge that you can fly out to 10, 20, 30 kilometers and drive it into a tank, an artillery piece, a command bunker into a trench.


It's democratized force. It's, it's democratized precision strike literally down to, to one man. So you can carry six of those drones in your backpack patrol up and go to work. It's, it, I I I think, well I know the US military is not paying attention to it. Certainly not learning the lessons from it and our assumptions of all of our stuff, right? 'cause we've spent hundreds of billions, trillions of dollars on defense stuff. And it's all very subject to being obsolesce by that level of speed and precision and ability to deliver very dangerous kinetic strikes.


How do you defend against that? I think there's a window right now of two or three years where advance advantage has gone to the offense, right? The guy flying the pilots, you know, something as simple as nets, big cargo nets around your stuff, stops that stops the small drone hard kill solutions will be developed. Hard kill like air bursting rounds, drones that kill other drones. But again, e economics is a huge factor in warfare. And trying to be affordable is not something the US has ever been very good at. Have you, do you have any insight on some of these energy weapons that are being developed?


I, yes, there's, there's certainly a lot being spent across the spectrum, but we both know one of the things that is prevalent in the battlefield is smoke and dust lasers don't do so well in smoke and dust lasers don't do so well in fog and rainy days and low cloudy days. What does work every time is an air bursting round. I've gotta send you this company that I found online. I think it's called Epirus. Have you heard of it? Nope. It, it is, it looks like an old, looks like an old rocket launcher. Okay. That that attaches to the, that they just tow behind a truck and these things are taken out 20, 30 drones at a time.


Just, I mean, and, and it's to my understanding that they can, they can actually pick what happens. They can take control of the drones or helicopters or whatever. They can fry it, they all drop at the same time. There's no, so It's, it's a directed energy weapon then. It is, it's a, it's basically the way I understand it is a, it is a directed EMP. Okay, well I gotta send you this. Good, Please. I will, I will. I probably need to park one of those around outdoor presidential events. Might be a good idea, but probably, probably won't happen. I know they're deploying them to Ukraine.


I think they may have sent a couple to Israel, I'm not sure. But, but speaking, Look, even Israel for as much, they've spent billions on high altitude intercept and iron dome to shoot down incoming rockets. 50% of the loitering munitions that are launched from the north, from hes blood controlled areas are getting through. I did not realize that. It's a huge problem and it's dinging them hard. Wow. So they built this magnificent high fence, but the very low level kind of nap of the earth, loitering, munition is causing real problems. Interesting.


So It's an example of, it's very dangerous to assume. Speaking of Israel, how many times have you been over there? Since October 7th. I was there a couple times in November, December. 'cause I was trying to get them, there's one thing I understand is military bureaucracies and the IDF has a lot of brave, but stubborn people. And I knew they'd have a problem with the tunnels and I didn't think they'd have a, a pretty good idea of, of the technology that's grown in directional horizontal drilling. And so I brought them a, a solution 'cause I, I think the reason they're having so much problems is they literally walked into the fight that Hamas wanted to have.


Hamas wants to maximize civilian casualties and to draw them into urban combat. And so the amount of bombing that the Israelis have done in and around civilians, whatever the number is, Hamas says it's this number IDF says it's this number. It's, it's really, really giving them a black eye in the international media. And I was trying to prevent that and prevent civilians from getting killed in the crossfire of all this bombing by bringing the best of Texas in horizontal drilling to, to flood the tunnels and had, I mean even 12,000 horsepower turbine engines driving pumps moving 60,000 gallons a minute.


So you're feeling a, an Olympic swimming pool in a, in a few seconds to be able to drill horizontally. And once you hit tunnels to just flood, it would've done three things, flooded all their underground arms. Cachets would've prevented them using tunnels from maneuver. And three, some say, well, it would've drowned the hostages. No, it would've forced them to move the hostages. 'cause they don't want dead hostages. Hos dead hostages are worth nothing to Hamas. They'd have to move them. It would've at least taken away the underground fight 'cause there was no civilians, maybe hostages. But there's no civilians in those tunnels. And they, they didn't go with that plan largely because the Pentagon gave them pressure not to.


I was shocked at how subjugated even the IDF was to the Biden Pentagon. And so it's, it's ugly. Hamas is still not defeated. They're now what, nine months past October seven. And it's still not resolved. It's, it's too bad. It seems to be growing. Yes. Well, and, and and with what the Houthis are doing, shutting off the Red Sea, Egypt is losing $800 million a month. Okay. In toll fees. The, the Arab Street in Egypt is extremely now hostile to Israel. Even the Christians in Egypt hostile to Israel because of the video. Right. The, the nonstop Al Jazeera pro-Palestinian pro Hamas propaganda and the Israelis blundered into it.


It was stupid. It was stupid. They should have, they, Hamas would not have been expecting to turn Gaza into a duck impoundment. And I'm doing that and I advocated that to protect civilians from the inevitability of combat, not to hurt them. If it's one thing I understand is moving water, having built black water on 7,000 acres of, of land as flat as your kitchen table, we had to move a lot of water. Yeah, I bet. Why are we behind Israel? There's been a historic, long, long-term alliance as a democracy in the Middle East.


And Is this a one-sided alliance? There's a lot of tech that comes out of Israel that the US benefits from pretty good intel. I would, I would say as well. But I would say it's, it's not a, well look what alliance does America have that's actually equal. NATO is not an alliance. NATO's a protectorate. When Trump took over five of 28 countries, were actually paying the 2% of their GDPs for defense. Now it's up to 11 and now it's up to 11 out of 28. But still not, I mean, Germany, third largest economy in the world, they're not anywhere close to paying 2% of their defense yet.


They're just not taking it seriously. Norway with a trillion dollar sovereign wealth fund, it's right on a website. You can see it ticking up in value. They spend like 1.2%. Why are we defending them? No, that's again, I wrote a big article on, on NeoCon, foreign policy failure. I'm, I'm all in favor of defending allies but not protectorates our tax dollars. And our sons do not need to protect protectorates. That's, that's, that's kind of what I'm getting at. And, and I'm not, I'm not anti-Israel. I just wanna know, you know, I'm just getting tired of us funding everybody's wars, Power the purse, cut it off.


We need a, we need a, we need a thorough house cleaning of the Pentagon and the really bad habits. A thorough repetitiveness of American defense industry. You know, we used to have a hundred major defense contractors. We're down to five now and they really do behave like a cartel. So fine. Break up that cartel. Teddy Roosevelt, one of the greatest things he did was trust busting, was busting up the huge cartel lies industries in America. Defense is one of those, insurance is one of those banking, that's a whole nother story. But, but we spend way too much on defense because of really bad, really stupid procurement policies driven by Congress that reward really bad behavior from these very bloated, very bloated customers that, that have really started to look exactly like the federal government customer.


That's probably, that's probably why big government hated Blackwater so much is because I would say to our people all the time, we never want to look like, act like at the speed of, of our customers ever. You know, you keep talking about power of the purse and, and, and we're wrapping up this interview. I want it to be a quick fast pace interview, but I mean, what, what can people do? They should go to their congressman's town hall meetings and get in their face about spending less, about cutting defense.


About cutting their spending on everything. Cut money. Politicians will respond to people angry in their face at those town hall meetings. They will get angry about it. Heritage Foundation, those kind of organizations have lots of good material on, on reducing the size of government. Read up on that stuff and, and get in your congressman's face, whether they're Republican or Democrat. They will understand angry voters. 'cause they're all afraid. They just wanna be reelected. I'm just curious on your opinion, what, what percentage of the United States do you think is going to act?


And the reason I'm asking, hear me out. I brought up the Massou interview earlier. We're sending $87 million a week to a terrorist organization. So we went to Vienna, we interviewed Masu to get to get some insight into we, we, we, we, we made a petition for people to sign. We're gonna get it to Representative McCall out of Texas. Chairman of the House Sworn affairs Committee. Yes. At the time, 650,000 people had watched that interview. Double that on audio. That's 1.2, 1.3 million plus all of the clips, reels, posts and shit that we did across all the platforms.


We're probably talking about five to 6 million views of people who've seen, who've seen that interview, who've seen, Hey, this is how much money we're spending on funding terrorist organizations. And you and I are paying for it. We got 66,000 signatures out of 6 million people watching the content. So then I did a, I did a small post basically, you know, expressing my concern and saying this is, this is why nothing ever changes in this, in this fucking country because you're too lazy to get off your ass and sign a fucking petition.


Now we had, we just had a discussion now, now that's up to 200 something thousand. And thanks to some people that got behind me, like our friend Tucker Carlson who reposted the, the, the tweet. But, and, and and, and there is an argument, some people are saying, you know, what is THE PETITION gonna do? That's not gonna do anything. Well I think it is gonna do something because it's 200 and something thousand people who are basically calling McCall out to bring Massou into The most important to get a hundred or 200,000 voters in his district.


Educated and pissed off on that to say, Hey, this is enough enough of this, cut it off. I think there's, there's cynicism of how imperial Washington has become and unresponsive if you think we haven't added, and, and I hate to say this, so there's 435 congressmen and it used to be, we haven't changed that number in almost 110 years. 'cause it used to be, and that was when the country was a third or less the size. So you had fewer people per congressional district so you could get in the face and be much more res and, and make that member much more responsive.


But now for this, it's about 500, five to 600,000 people per per congressional district. They just have to stitch together a few inane constituencies and tell the rest of 'em to pound sand. One of the reforms that should probably be considered on top of obviously spending reforms is to increase the number of congressmen. I hate to say that 'cause that would be more politicians, but maybe, maybe grow the number of politicians, keep the salary, the salary pool the same. So they just get paid less, less staff and make them much more responsive to their constituents at home. Because the house is supposed to be responsive every two years. The Senate is supposed to be in the more steady, the steady, deliberate, deliberative body, but elected by the state legislatures.


That's, if we get back to those things that the founders intended, that's one of some of the structural problems that have led us go this far off track. But again, if you're pissed off with your congressman, go to a town hall meeting, get in their face. Can you please help me understand how more congressmen is going to help? Because it'd be more responsive to be, because, because if we went to half the number of congressmen, so now you're, now you're at a couple million people, it's, it's easier the more, the more direct elected that member is, the more responsive they are to the mood of the country at the time.


Just like, ah, just like local elections can be, when people get pissed off locally, they turn out and vote for their mayor 'cause it's gonna affect the stop signs or whether the streets are clean or their local police. What do you think it's gonna take to get more Americans involved in doing that? They have to get past affluent, right? Things are so good, they're so comfortable, so much wealth in America that it's easy, right? We have a, we have an obi obesity epidemic, right? 70 plus percent of people are seriously overweight enough. I travel a lot. It is embarrassing to see how obese Americans are.


Obviously Americans are walking around in Europe or Asia or South America. Like, come on, people put the sugar down enough. Yeah. Yeah. Get off the affluenza. Yeah. I want to end this on a positive note, what It's been. Yes. Easy. Good. Go. It's been, it's always been much worse. It's always been, there's been, we've gone through America's been far worse off before. Okay. Think about, think about the American Civil War.


600,000 people dead. Even after World War I, there was millions of people died of Spanish flu, actual flu that killed lots of people. Killed them. Not the nonsense that was Covid, the Great Depression. Serious, serious economic hardships, actual starvation in parts of America. So yeah, we've got some issues now, but it's fixable. Have we, Have we been up against anything like this before? Well, this is a fundamental defining issue of, of how we view ourselves as citizens in a government.


The, we talked about before, the, the socialist or the communist paradigm is really about control and subjecting yourself to a government elite, a party elite, determining what is best for your life versus the paradigm of freedom, of individual liberty and choice for that. You make those changes to organize your life in the way that you want to choose. And that clash has been ongoing for, for millennia. And I would always choose the side of freedom. Thank you for sharing that. Last question. If Trump gets elected, do you have a spot in his administration?


I hope not. I would love to serve, but there's lots of ways to serve. Maybe not with a full-time, government job. Fair enough. Let me end with a, well, let me end with a, with a motivating story. My favorite story from the American Revolution, Samuel Whitmore. He was 78 years old in April of 1775. He's a a military veteran veteran of the French and Indian Wars. And he hears the British soldiers marching by to go attack his buddies of patriots at Lexington and Concord. Well, Samuel Whitmore at 78 years old goes and guns himself up loads his pistol, his two pistols and his musket. And he goes out and he single-handedly attacks the British marching by.


He kills three British soldiers. He draws his sword, which doesn't need reloading, and he attacks the British overwhelm him. They shoot him in the face, they bayonet him six times when the Patriots found him an hour later, he was trying to reload. He lived for 18 more years. Wow. So it's a great example. However old you are, you are never too old to be on the fight. Nice. Well, Eric, once again, thank you for coming and thanks For all you're doing, Sean. Keep doing it. I will. I will appreciate it.


History, economics, the great works of literature, the meaning of the US Constitution. Did you study these things in school? Probably not. Or even if you did, maybe it's time for refresher time and technology have changed a lot, and that's why it's important to learn the fundamentals. That's why I'm excited that Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important and enduring subjects. You can learn about the works of CS Lewis. The stories of the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College's online courses, all available for free. That's right free. I personally recommend you sign up for ancient Christianity and this 11 lecture course you'll study the inspiring stories of Christ in the first four centuries of Christianity. The course is self-paced, so you can start whenever and wherever. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale edu slash ss to register.