
Captain Brad Geary, welcome to the show. Thanks, Sean. Really appreciate you having me. It's, it's my pleasure. And we got a lot to dive into. I've really been looking forward to this interview and I'm also very nervous about it. I don't wanna mess this up, but, so we're gonna cover a lot. We're gonna do your life story and then we're gonna cover the real reason that you're here. You were the commanding officer for Naval Special Warfare Training Command, correct? Basic Training Command, correct. Basic training Command. What most people affectionately just refer to as buds, but BUDS is just the seal side. We did the Swic side as well. So over the years they combined to basic training command.


Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. The real reason you're here is you were, you were the commanding officer when Kyle Mullens the, the SEAL candidate died in training rest his soul and a tragic event. But it sounds like there is a lot of controversy and maybe some covering up that's happening in regards to how Kyle died and some of the things that have gone on within the training command. And so we will get to that after your life story I. think it would be a good idea for people to kind of understand who you are as a man, where you came from, how you got to the position that you're in now, and, and then we dive into that stuff.


How's that sound? Sounds like a Plan. I appreciate it. Perfect. Perfect. Well, I'm gonna give you a introduction here real quick. Great. Captain Brad Geary. You are currently the Assistant Chief of staff for the N nine Innovation for Naval Special Warfare Command. You graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 2000 with a bachelor's in mathematics and also earned a Master's of Arts degree in defense analysis with a focus on unconventional warfare from the Naval Postgraduate School. You completed numerous deployments throughout Europe, south America, and the Middle East, Africa, and Asia, while serving in various leadership roles at Seal Delivery Vehicle Team two, SEAL Team Four, Naval Special Warfare Tactical Development and Evaluation Squadron three.


And during your first command tour at Seal Delivery Vehicle team one SDV DVT one, you served as executive officer for Naval Special Warfare Basic Training Command served three years at the Joint Interagency Task Force National Capital Region, and served as Operation Officer for Naval Special Warfare Group three in joint base Pearl Harbor, Hickman, Hawaii. You completed a second command tour at Naval Special Warfare Basic Training Command, the fourth generation pipeline for all Sea Air and Land Seal and Special Warfare Combat Crew and Swic Maritime Commandos most recently served as the deputy N eight resources, requirements and assessments for Naval special Warfare command commands.


You have served with, have earned the Navy Meritorious Unit accommodation, the Navy Unit accommodation, the Joint Meritorious Unit Award, and two Navy Presidential unit citations. You were the 2020 Pacific Fleet recipient of the Vice Admiral James b Stockdale Award for inspirational leadership. You and your wife Amy, have four children and you are a man of deep personal faith. Am I missing anything? That's It. 24 years in a nutshell. Still active duty. It's pretty surreal for me to be sitting in front of a active duty captain, especially under these circumstances.


It's a bit odd. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure, I'm not sure how many times this has happened. This is my first for me. Me too. But you know, and, and I'm just gonna say it right at the beginning. We are, you know, one of the goals here is to get this in front of Congressman Senators DC political types to, to help bust this thing wide open. That's right. And so share this everywhere you can. That's Right. But so before we get too serious and too into the weeds, everybody gets a gift on the show, so thank you. Yeah, You're welcome.


Fantastic. Ah, nice. Those are gummy bears. I See that. That's right. Made in the USA. They're legal. I was Just, that was my next question. In all 50 states, I'm active duty. So like, what kind of gummies are these? They're A just regular candy. Thank you. I really appreciate it. You know, I have Vivek on, you know Vivek? What's that? Do you know Vivek Ram Swami? Yeah. I had him on and he, he ripped the bag open and started eating them. I said, those effects will kick in in about 30 minutes. I think it about shit, his pants. It was hilarious. Yeah. I wait for a funny interview, But For sure. But, so one last thing before we get into your life story.


I have a Patreon account. There are top, they're our top supporters that've been around since the beginning. They are. Why I'm able to sit here and why we're able to give you a platform. And so one of the things I do is I give them an opportunity to ask each guest a question. Mm. A lot of questions on Hell Week here. So this is from James Reese. Okay. Hell Week was designed to be very physically demanding. What changes, if any, would you make to the Hell Week training program? That's a great question. It's actually a perfect question. Lemme start off by making sure I say that everything I say here on this interview today is only representative of my own opinions.


Brad. Gary's thoughts. Nothing is representative of Naval Special Warfare where the Navy's official positions on anything disclaimer out of the way. I wouldn't change a thing with Hell Week. And, and this is, it's an interesting question. It's one I got a lot of times when I was the commanding officer of, of we'll just call it buds to make it easier for everyone to understand what a lot of people miss is that I did my XO tour back there as well. So I've had now four separate years, two consecutive, or not consecutive, but two years at a time, consecutive tours. The thing that everyone's interested is always about the physicality of Hell Week and of buds in general. But what a lot of people don't realize, and we talked a little bit about this, the physicality piece is really mildly interesting to us.


It's, it's what it produces, it's what it highlights. When we put people in positions of physical discomfort, it, it sheds the veneer of who they came to us and, and, and thought they even were. We, we used to say the most uncomfortable thing we show people in buds is a mirror. Because when we put you through that, it'll expose the character beneath the surface and the character's, what we're looking for. And when I say character, I mean the character attributes that Naval Special Warfare needs in our future teammates. So when Draper Kaufman conceived of this idea of Hell Week, I think the first one was 1943. He designed it around the stressors of war. He had been to, he'd been to the World War two a couple times before.


And so he designed this to produce those stressors of war to know that this will produce people that won't quit when we're in combat, when we're in the actual scenario. So he did everything he could to get up to that point and then knew whoever was left standing would remain. And we've, we've left it largely unchanged since then. That's a long time. There's been small changes, micro changes, some curriculum shifts here or there. We've added a lot of safety precautions in place and, and backside support to make sure we're managing that risk effectively. Turns out people back in the forties and fifties, you know, might have been a little bit more reckless than we are today. But as far as like the spirit of what Hell Week is, we've not changed much. And we never want to change it because it's a formula that works.


You have to be very, very careful with those. You don't want to tweak those formulas because you could end up accidentally or incidentally diluting the product we get on the backside. And that's not, that's not what we want to do. Especially given how Naval Special Warfare has performed through our, the duration of our, of our, of our community. I got a Personal question. Yeah. And it sounds like not a whole lot has changed from what you just said from the beginning to now, but I mean, you know, being a, a veteran of the SEAL community, there is a lot of hearsay going on, you know, about, about the, the, the newest product coming out of training, showing up to the teams.


Yeah. Is today a more diluted product? No, not yet. And that's part of why I'm here. We're close. I wanna prevent that from ever happening. Interesting. Have concerns. Well, we'll get into that. But for starters, I, I'd offer, lemme sorry, lemme just throw it out. The, the product that we are delivering to the American public, and this is something we'll get into as well. We very much view the American public as our customer. We are producing seal, andw, war fighters. I say we are, I was for the American public, what we were delivering to the, to the doorsteps of the seal teams and the boat teams, those guys run circles around what you and I were doing back in the day when we graduated.


The program has grown. And this generation of war fighters that came to our front door, absolutely. They're, they're just unstoppable. So, so I would offer, while the curriculum hasn't changed much for the core element, what we've added to it as far as qualification, training, these pro these guys are just, and girls are, are absolutely phenomenal. Interesting. That's, that is very reassuring to hear, especially with where we're at in the world today. Oh. This tour gave me hope, hope in America's future when I got to see these young Americans, America's still producing patriots and they're still coming to our door and volunteering to do our program, man.


Which is very hopeful. Very encouraging. I love to hear that. I love to hear that. Let's, let's dive into your life story a little bit here. So where did you grow up? Grew up in central Florida. My father and mother met thereafter. My father left from the north of my mother as well and very, very pivotal for me seeing my father's background. He, he was, he was raised in a very broken family, very emotionally abusive, sexually abusive, just a lot of hurt, a lot of pain. And it, and that seems to carry on generationally when he made a break from that.


He likes to say he had, he met Jesus on a mountaintop moment and decided at that point he was gonna pick a different path. And he was committing his life to not revisiting the sins of the father. Not doing what, what happened to him. He wanted to, he wanted to do something different. And So was that before you came along? Yes, Yes, yes. So he met my mother and then I came along and his mission in life was really to, to provide us a stable, loving environment. He was, I like to say, driving by braille. He didn't know what to do as a, as a father who didn't have a good example to, to lean on. But he did a fantastic job. And, and all I ever wanted to do growing up was be like him provide this house, this stable environment for, for my family and, and try to do what, what he did for us.


He, he was a, he was a, he was a trailblazer really for the Geary family. He was the first Geary to ever go to college. And he paid his own way to get there. And then after having a couple of us have a brother and a sister, he later realized if he wanted to promote in his job field, he, he needed a master's degree. So while raising a family, he started taking night classes on his own, again, paid his own way and got his master's degree to just keep providing more for our family. It was really just looking back, I see now, you know, as a kid, your dad's gone here and there and you don't understand why. But looking back, what I see is a work ethic and a sense of, of, of principle and, and commitment to a, a, a goal that really, I can tell now, ingrained itself into, into us as kids.


What did your dad do? What was his occupation? Well, He's kind of been all over the map, but he, he basically, the way I like to describe him to another military man, he's kind of like an, an executive officer. He, and he's an, an entrepreneur to some degree entrepreneur. I mispronounced that and has bounced around with a bunch of different companies, working with people that did these startups and has done very, very well as kind of the operations guy, finding efficiencies. He's got a master's in business and so he applies that plus all of his experience in a couple different industries. And now to just look for efficiencies, bring better return on the investment and, and earn profit.


What were you into as a kid? I was, I was, I was a bit of a nerd actually. I, I was in the band, I was in the marching band. They say not all heroes wear capes, but some do. And I had a cape with my marching band uniform, played trumpet, first chair at one point. No big deal. I, I used to joke at graduations actually, that I'm pretty sure that's why my wife married me. It's the muscular lips. She, you know, You guys met in elementary school? We did. We met in elementary school at our, our local church. We've known each other for that long. We didn't start dating until much later in life college. Really? But, but we've known each other for quite some time. Family, friends, different schools, but same church.


So family get togethers for years. For years. Yeah. Well, knowing her for that long and not dating her until college. What was the tipping point there? So I was coming home from my freshman year of college and my, one of my best friends at the time was dating her identical twin sister. And I said, Hey, I wanna hang out this summer. Let's, let's do some stuff. I'll have a few weeks off. He said, well, I'm, I'm, I'm dating Emily. Lets, let's do some double dates. You know, Amy, you guys are friends, this'll be fun. Easy peasy. I said, this sounds great. And it was about one and a half dates into that. We both knew something was a little different. Very, that was it. Very cool. That was it. Very cool. What got your interest in the military?


What, when did that happen happen? So I slammed, in addition to being in the, in the band and the Naval Academy recruited me for swimming. It was the first school that ever reached out. And that kind of blew me away. I didn't know what it was at the time. I just thought they taught people to drive boats. So I, I almost threw the, the document away thinking, ah, this is weird. But my swim coach was a history teacher, thankfully. And he said, Hey Brad, take a look at this. Pay attention. This is important. Like at least write back and see what they have to offer. The more I looked into it, the more I liked what I saw, opportunity to serve free college, not, not such a bad deal and guaranteed job afterward. And it looked like a lot of neat opportunities to build some life experience, to build some leadership.


Leadership always interested me from a young age. And so it just made sense. So we just ended up taking each next step until it brought us to the Naval Academy and there we were. No good. So you had no aspirations to join the military until even until well into college? Well, I mean, college was a naval academy, but yeah, like it was, it was probably around sophomore junior year of high school is when it first started becoming interesting to me. I I, I really didn't like the idea of wearing uniforms and being told what to do and where to go and how to do things, which is probably how I ended up in the SEAL teams. 'cause we're not quite the normal military. Yeah.


Did any other schools reach out? There were a few, but once, once I started getting interested in Navy, I kind of started just narrowing my focus to them. And I looked at West Point as well. Once I decided that that lifestyle looks interesting to me and it's worth giving up some of the freedoms that, that I was holding onto at the time, it became very appealing to me to where I, I really, I narrowed in on those two by the end. So What, what was, what was it about the Navy or what occupation drew you to the academy? So when I looked at the Naval Academy versus West Point, knowing I was, I think I was 17 years old at the time, it seemed to me that the Naval Academy offered more options.


And I, I was, I, I was smart enough to know that I didn't know what I wanted to do yet in my life. So I liked the idea of, hey, while the next four years takes place and I mature and grow and, and get exposed to different things, I have a wider array array of, of things available from submarines to surface to to pilot to Marine Corps if I wanted to go ground. And, and the seals sound interesting as well. So the seals was on your radar. It was interestingly though, back then the Navy didn't do laser surgery for eyes, and my eyes were too bad. So once I got there and I got an assessment, turns out I was only eligible for like Marine Corps ground or Surface or subs. Really. That was about it. So I kind of committed to go to the Marine Corps. It was my goal at the time, believe it or not, I had a high tide and, and I was, I was all in and I did a summer training cruise with an amphib with some Marines on board.


And it just so happens back in the day, if you remember, I'm sure you do, we used to put SEAL platoons on the ARGs and the, the ship. I ended up getting a cruise with also at a SEAL Platoon on board. And so I ended up meeting those guys really becoming very interested in, in what they do. And at that point they started saying, we're gonna approve laser surgery on a case by case basis. So I came home from that. I'll never forget, at that point, while we weren't engaged, I knew, I knew we, we both knew we were getting married. And so she was all in and I was wring my hands all night long, not sleeping, looking at the ceiling, thinking about how do I have this conversation with Amy about, you know, she thought I was going, Marine rains seals is a little bit different. How do I, how do I pitch that?


So I worked on it all night long. I, I'll never forget calling her from a dumb payphone on, on the base. I said, Hey, what do you think about seals? And it, it wasn't maybe like a second pause. She said, yeah, that makes way more sense, you should do that. And I was like, oh my gosh, I was worried about this all night long and I had you at, hello. So I, I put in the waiver, got the laser surgery approved, you had to pay for it yourself back then do it on your own time. So I did all that and then never looked back. What year is this? So that was golly going into my junior year. So that was 98. Oh, so you were a, okay. I thought so you did a cruise. I don't know how the academy works.


Yeah, I'm sorry. I should've explain that. So every summer at the academy, what they'll do is they break it into three chunks and they make you do two of those three training blocks. So you have to go experience something in the Navy. So one of 'em is a gray hole cruise for four weeks. They'll send you out on a ship and you ride that ship for four weeks. You put on the Dunga Jams I, don don. Don't think they wear those anymore, but, you know, chip paint, do all the things and just learn about life as a sailor. I'm just curious, what was that experience like for you? It Was fantastic. It was, well, I mean, yeah, it's, it's eye-opening. It's, it's exciting, right? Anything I've known up until then is only, I was a kid and then academics and so you're starting to see the real navy. You're starting to get to talk to sailors and know what it's like to put in a hard day's work.


And, and it was fun for me just getting to know the, these guys and girls and working hard and building rapport with them, right? And then, and every time I worked hard I was acknowledged and a chief would say, Hey, I'm gonna give you this next job. You've shown yourself worthy, we're gonna add to that. And I liked this idea of somewhat of a meritocracy where oh wow, hard work and relationships matter. And it was fun for me. I really enjoyed it. And that's where you met the Seal Platoon? That's right. That was on the r That's right. What were they doing at the time? So it Was a float. We were going from Norfolk out to the med and we were gonna go to Road to Spain. And so the whole cruise was pretty much spent crossing the med and they were just fantastic.


They took me under their wing, Hey, why don't you just check out our guns? Check out. I was just, I walked up asked, what do you guys do? How does this work? What do you do while you're on board? And I just saw them really embrace me. At one point they said, Hey, we're dropping our ribs off the side of the boat when we're almost dead center of the Atlantic, and we're gonna go over the horizon from the ships, nothing in sight, and we're gonna go swimming. Do you wanna come with us? I said, well, of course I do. Sounds like a trap. I, I, well, knowing what I know now about seals, I probably should have been more skeptical. But at the time I was, you know, just super jazzed that they were gonna do that for me. And so, so, and nothing ended up happening. They had a great time. And I just thought, these guys are incredible. Look at the freedom and autonomy they have.


Look at the trust they have with the captain of the ship to be able to do these kinds of things. No one else was doing that kind of stuff off the ship. And, and they just, they welcomed me with open arms and I started asking 'em, Hey, well how hard is buds really? And like, what do you think? Like, I'm a little nervous about this. And, and every single one of those guys was just, they kept reinforcing everything that I have seen and know now that yeah, buds is hard physically, but it's, it's cognitively is the challenge. That's, that's the part that trips people up. And so the more I talked about it with them, the more confidence I, I built that. Yeah, I think I can do this. So then you go back to the Naval Academy and, and, and what is the, what's kind of the pipeline for a Naval Academy guy to get into buds?


Yeah, So it's changed a little bit over the years, but it's largely the same. You, you put your name in the hat, you say, I'm interested in this, and then you're competing with everyone else. So they look at everything, your physical scores, your your, your grades. What other curricular activities are you doing? I ended up swimming at the Naval Academy, became swim team captain. That's always nice 'cause it helps it's leadership. And then what you'll do is before your senior year, so that summer, right before your senior year, they would send us out to Mini Buds is what they called it back then. And it was basically exposure to what Buds is. It's a mini buds, it's a clever name. It was time under the boat, time under the law, getting an experience. And the cadre there then watch and see how does this person interact?


How does, how does this person conduct peer leadership? How does this person suffer? Does he suffer well, is he a whiner? Does he complain? Does he keep his head under the boat? And then all that data gets, gets pulled together and recommendations are made in a ranking. And then your senior year, they put these huge boards together and they look at every candidate, every applicant, and they make decisions. And that year, I think we had 16 people that were able to select about that time we had about 50 apply within the Naval Academy. Now it's changed. It's called SOAs Seal Officer Assessment and Selection. It's a little more robust and more thorough for sure on, we're much better today looking at a candidate and saying, we know what attributes we're looking for and we know specifically how to look for it in the evolutions that we conduct.


But it, it's virtually the same concept. Getting a pre-read on an officer. That's always been very important for our community. Ideally, we'd have all the resources in the world to bring every potential candidate to buds out early or switch school out early to get that look at 'em before we say, yeah, you're welcome to come to the front door. We just live in a world of limited resources. And so what they decided years ago was, well, let's, let's focus on the officer cohort because we know when leaders make it through buds or quit, they have a following either way. And, and you've seen that, I've seen it anecdotally. Everyone out there has seen it. When a leader in the class, it doesn't have to be an officer. There's tons of dudes who step up into leadership roles when they quit, people leave. So we invested heavy into developing that leadership, getting a good read on them to make sure we're stacking the deck in our favor when we say come to the front door.


Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. So, so you graduate the Naval Academy, how much time do you have before you go to I graduated, I drove immediately down to Florida, married Amy. The next week we did a honeymoon and then hopped in the car and drove to San Diego to check in. Wow. Started our life together. What's it like the first Seal Officer I've had on the show? And so I'm curious, what, what's it like checking to buds as, as a junior officer fresh out of the academy? It's probably like checking in anywhere you get the, you come through the quarter deck and you get the salute and they say Welcome Enson with a little bit of disdain in their voice.


As you know, there's just, I think good banter and fun with, with young junior officers. So it was, it was, I I don don't know. I don't know that it was much different for anyone else because especially checking into buds, we're just there to learn, you know, I, I, I've got this four year education at the Naval Academy, that doesn't mean I know how to lead. And in any organization, you need to establish yourself as a, as a teammate before you can actually be trusted upon to lead. So that was really it for me was, Hey, I'm showing up humble and just excited to be here, thankfully for the opportunity. Let, let's get to it. I mean, I guess I realized you have no point of reference on what it would be like to show up as anything else. But I, I mean, just for perspective, when I showed up, I, I was 18 and I was likely looking at guys like you out of the Naval Academy Yeah.


Swimmer, head of the swim team. And I'm like, what? How am I even here? And yeah. And then, and then you got guys like you who are showing up who are, I mean obviously green, but I would think that the, that the, there's a certain amount of added pressure Hmm. To an officer showing up to Buds with, with with the added responsibility of, I mean, you've, you have people under you For sure. Yeah. That's interesting. And so kind of what I'm getting at is, and it's such, it's not, not that the people that show up to Buds are anything special, you know, but they, they are volunteering for something.


It's a certain caliber of person Yeah. That even would consider going into a career like that. Yeah, yeah. And so you're, you're a leader. You're, you're a you're a junior leader amongst men's men. Yeah. Yeah. And so that's, that's gotta be a certain amount of pressure. There certainly was. Yeah. I, I'm glad you framed it out that way. Here's the big secret. None of us knew what we were doing, But, but yes, there was pressure and, and offer at offer too. There's a lot of pressure because the Naval Academy has a pretty good track record of producing officer candidates that then do well at Bud s and you knew these, these were friends.


The 50 guys, when it gets whittled down to senior and there's about, you know, 30 to 50 real good contenders for 16 spots at the time, your spot, you're taking it from someone else that, that you cared about that might've deserved it more than you. I mean, you know, in these selection boards, like there's always selection error baked into these things. We never get it perfect. And so there's definitely a sense of responsibility coming outta the Naval Academy too. Man, I better not mess this opportunity up. I've gotta figure this out fast. I've gotta learn and I've gotta, I gotta succeed in this program because if I didn't, then this spot was wasted. And someone else that might've deserved it more than me and might've actually been a better seal officer, didn't get that opportunity for whatever reason. So that was a lot of pressure, was just feeling, not wanting to let down your friends, that that didn't get the nod.


How do, how do your, how do your enlisted counterparts and buds treat you? So that's one of the things that drew me to the SEAL teams the most. So I'm glad you asked that. When, when you're at the Naval Academy, they have all these other officers and enlisted from the various subsets of the Navy, right? The, the woes, the submariners, the seals, the Marines, everyone. And I, I was very interested in the relationship I saw between the SEAL officer and the SEAL enlisted compared to everybody else. And it was one of the things that intrigued me and drew me because while there was still a respect for the hierarchy, the chain of command roles and responsibilities, what I, what I identified was more of a relationship.


It was less, it was almost a, it crossed the threshold of, you could tell those guys were friends too, and they weren't friends to the point of being unprofessional, but, but you could tell they genuinely cared about each other. And that really resonated with me. And then when I started learning more, realizing, oh, it's because they all go through the same training together, the same standards expected of both. There is no for us and for them, it's all the same. And I realized, oh, that's a really, that's a different model that you don't see in a lot of other places. And that really interested me because then, you know, coming outta bud s we have mutual respect. We know exactly what each of have been through, and it's not different or harder or better or worse. Now we can go to the seal platoons and fall into our roles and responsibilities.


But, but there's absolute mutual respect across the whole force. Did you have to, I mean, I would imagine that the, the Naval Special Warfare, how am I trying, what am I trying to say here? I would imagine that the leadership style within Naval Special Warfare is a lot different than what was ingrained in you in the academy. 100%. How did it, I mean, how did you rewire yourself to that type of leadership? How long did it take? I, it's interesting. It didn't take long at all for me, but I think that comes back to before even the Naval Academy, when I, I was resistant to these ideas of, of too much control.


And I, I think Naval Special Warfare offered a nice middle ground between we're in the Navy, good order and discipline are absolutely paramount, but we're not quite right in the head either. And, and, and we are given autonomy to make decisions, unlike where I think I've seen, I've seen anywhere else. And in the Navy iss that way, which is great. But Naval bush warfare even more so McCraven, or not McCraven, I'm sorry, McChrystal coined the term. I think he coined command by negation, right? When we're downrange and instead of asking for permission and then gaining permission to then execute, Hey, I know my left and rights, I understand my commander's intent. I'm just making decisions and moving and I'm going to let my boss know what I'm doing.


Not ask to do it. Now as the authority figure, he can always negate that and say, no, no, no, I have more context than you. There's something you don't understand. I'm gonna pull you back, pull that, pull that leash back. But other than those moments, you have command by negation to make decisions and move, You know, from from some of our previous conversations, I can tell that you, you really, it seems to me that you really value the opinion of the guys under you and that that you take a great responsibility in standing up for them, making sure everything's good on their front. And and I could imagine that also, I mean, that starts the buds, right?


Yeah. With you guys. And so kind of what I'm getting at, and I'm gonna ask you this when we get into your Sure. Your career as a seal, but what was a, what was a point in time where you realized you'd in Buds that you had won the trust of the guys under you? Yeah, that's a great question. I don't know. I'm not sure if there was one moment. Well, alright, I'll tell you. Alright, I'll tell you a story that I think is relevant. I was 2 34 Bud's, 2 34. So we showed up and we're told, Hey, discover channel's gonna film you guys.


This was right around the time, this was early two thousands. So Pre nine 11, this was right when the time when like Survivor was catching on all these reality shows. And the way it was communicated to us was Naval Special Warfare. I was looking to, to recruit, build more awareness into what the SEAL teams are. So we're bringing out this film crew to film you guys from first phase through third. Of course, we wanted to be quiet professionals. This is why we were trying to join the SEAL teams. We didn't want the exposure. So in our infinite wisdom as a class, we decided to do a class protest on the grinder and, and inform the cadre that we did not agree with this decision. Your reaction tells me, you know exactly how that went. So anyway, we're we're getting filmed by Discover channel.


'cause obviously they didn't care about what we thought. Thanks for your opinions. Shut up, get back to get, hit the surf and let's get moving. So one of the moments I knew, I I I, I struck something important when you talk about peer leadership. 'cause that's really what the SEAL teams are. If we all go through buds together, we're leading peers, we're all the same. We've been, we've been the same place. We've done the different things. I might wear a different rank, I might have a different role and responsibility, but it's truly peer leadership. And as you know, when you roll with the people we roll with, there's no, you're an idiot if you think you might be better than them because of some rank that you might wear. These guys are incredible. And girls, they're absolutely some of the nation's best.


When you said earlier, nothing so special about just going to buds, those are my words, not yours, but it something like that. I, I disagree in the sense that I've, I've looked at the numbers less than, it's like 0.001% of Americans even get to our front door. So that's one of the things we would tell all these candidates, Hey, no matter how this goes for you, you are already the top 0.001% of American youth. Hold your head high, hold your shoulders back. You had the guts to come here and try this program. That's more than most people. A lot of people out there will, will spend money on a weekend experience and talk about how they could have, should have, would've you had the guts to come try. That takes a lot of guts.


Knowing we have a very high attrition rate. You Would say this to the candidates as the commanding officer. Absolutely. Absolutely. So you're giving, you're giving positive affirmation for these guys All the time from Day One all the time. I didn't get that.


History, economics, the great works of literature, the meaning of the US Constitution. Did you study these things in school? Probably not. Or even if you did, maybe it's time for refresher time and technology have changed a lot. And that's why it's important to learn the fundamentals. That's why I'm excited that Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important and enduring subjects. You can learn about the works of CS Lewis. The stories of the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale college's online courses all available for free. That's right free. I personally recommend you sign up for ancient Christianity and this 11 lecture course you'll study the inspiring stories of Christ and the first four centuries of Christianity, the course is self-paced. So you can start whenever and wherever. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale edu slash ss to register.


You Didn't get positive affirmation? Weird. I didn't either as a candidate either. It was one of the things I wanted to kind of change a little bit and we didn't. I had positive affirmation. We didn't coddle, I was very stern. But we absolutely give credit where credit's due and, and we look for those moments to, to positively affirm someone we see something special. Hey, I like what you did there. I want you to do more of that. You're on the right track. When I'd see an officer in the middle of Hell Week as they're getting their, their burrito night camp surf, make sure his whole boat crew in the whole class goes ahead of him. And he took last place. And I watched it. I saw it all happen with my command master chief and no one told him to do it. I walked over, I grabbed him, Hey man, why'd you do that? I saw that don don't know sir.


Just seemed like the right thing to do. Well you were right. Keep doing things like that. We're watching for those things. These are the moments we write down, Hey, this guy showed good character, good leadership that goes in his file. That's now a data point we have on assessing that guy's character. I've deviated though from your initial question. So, so the first time I really think I stumbled upon what it means to lead a naval special warfare involves Maddie Roberts. So we went into Hell Week and it was very cold. Hell Week, we got reduced down pretty quickly in numbers. And Maddie was in my boat crew and we were pretty good performers. We weren't the Smurf crew and our smurf crew were crushing it. But, but we were pretty good performers at some point in Hell Week. And I don't remember when we started dragging and, and Maddie was just having a hard time and he, he was, he couldn't explain it, but we knew him to be a, a, a trustworthy teammate.


And, and someone who's selfless, he didn't duck boat ever. He kept his shoulder under log every single time. He was always rallying dudes. He was one of our stronger guys. But all of a sudden he's dragging and we're losing every race. And you know what it's like to lose every race? You start paying the man a lot more. And at one point we start doing the internal grumbling, right? Everyone's starting to get into a pointing of the fingers and anger, the emotions come out, the veneer drops. And I don't remember what was said, but probably some not so nice things to Maddie about. Hey dude, you gotta put out, or or DOR like you're, you're hurting your boat crew. And I'll never forget, well, how I remember it is he said something to the effect of, Hey guys, don don't know what's wrong, but I'm just hurting more than normal and I can't explain it.


I'm not gonna quit and you know me, please stick with me. And we made a decision as a boat crew at them in that moment, okay, yeah, we're only as fast as our slowest man. We're gonna rally around Maddy because he's earned it and he deserves it. And, if we lose every race from here to the rest of hell, we, who cares? Oh no. So we're gonna be wet and sandy, you mean like we were anyway, and and once we turn that corner and I realized, oh this is, this is leadership collective suffering for one of our own who deserves it. And then not just suffering and no, no bitching about it, but embracing it and then almost like bring it on. We don't even care anymore. We're still gonna put out, but who cares if we lose?


We're in this for Maddy. And so we got through Helwig and I would never say we carried him through Hellwig. 'cause that dude is is a monster, as you know. I've Met him. Yeah, he's an Animal, he's an animal. And, and, and all the more, so, and this is what I saw, the end of Hell Week happens. We limp to the finish line as you know how that goes. We do the med screening at the time and he gets the X-rays. And come to find out is both tib fibs were at like a, something like a 70 something percent stress fracture, if I remember correctly. So the dude was walking around on toothpicks that were about ready to snap at any given moment. And yet he finished Hell Week. They medically rolled him to the next class right there. Like they weren't gonna let him continue in our class. So he was there for the beginning. But I remember thinking at the time as a young officer, like, whoa, what if, what if we had run him out of our boat crew just out of anger, spite we weren't winning.


We would've missed out on a dude who at the time we saw a momentary weakness in reality that was incredible resolve and resiliency and hardness and grit and everything we want in our teammates. And then, you know, the story of Maddy ended up, he's a war hero, you know, ate a, ate A PKM in Iraq with lifelong injuries. The result, like the guys just revered on the west coast later came back to be an instructor and was, is still contracting out as an instructor. They're still pouring into the next generations. That's another story I would tell our candidates when I was CEO 20 something years later. Hey, lemme tell you the story about Matt Roberts. This is why you don't run dudes outta your boat crew. You never know who that guy is and what he's gonna do for you as a teammate.


And you might misinterpret some signs. Do you tell them about what Maddie went through on that deployment? Absolutely. Do you wanna go into it right here? It's not my story to share. I think that's okay. And, and I know he's been involved in a documentary that's coming out soon, so I'm gonna save that one for him to tell when that comes out. But I care very much for the man and I know a lot of people do. And he's, America should be very thankful that we have men like him that stood the watch. Yeah. Yeah. Let's move on. Did you have any hangups and buds? Of course. I mean, they filmed the whole thing. You can watch it and find my hangups.


I had one or two, one or two through the time. But no, and not, I mean, I was fortunate I wasn't, I wasn't targeted like some guys were. You know how that goes. One last story, we'll move on. I remember right before Hell Week, Terry Geddes was ROIC and for whatever reason, the cadre decided they didn't like him. And so we're doing the movie hour and the pizzas as we're getting ready to, to go to the tents for breakout. And instructors come in and call Terry out, off he goes, comes back in and he's ghost white. And I walked over, I was like, Hey, what, what was that about Terry? And he said, well, all of first phase cadre pulled me into the office and said that it's their mission in life to make me quit in in Hell Week. And I remember, I think I said something smart ass like, well that sucks to be you and I'm glad I'm not in your boat crew.


But I was fortunate not to have that happen yet. What I'd offer is what a stud to have that kind of pressure on him still is. Our class OIC Melanie only did not quit. He led incredibly effectively through our class with his LPO Louis Rivera. That was really the first almost seal leader, right? Like NSW leader that I started looking up to. Like, man, that guy, that's a dude worth following. He can deal with that kind of pressure when he knows the entire these, you know, the instructors, they're scary. They told him they want him outta this community. And he refused to take that for an answer. And he, he, he, he gritted through Hell Week. And then the cool thing about that, the other side of that coin is when he got through Hell Week, all of a sudden everybody loved him.


All the cadre were like, all right, I guess you're okay. And he, we thrived as a class under him and Lou's leadership after that. I mean, we could do no wrong almost. Where did you go after graduation, after you graduated Buds? I, so, so again, different times we graduated buds, they stopped filming, we went into seal qualification training. At the time I was the last SQT class in the beta kind of model. So we did not get our tridents after SQT the next class did. And so as I finished SQT, we're out at n doing land warfare, that's where nine 11 happened. I had already had my orders at that point to SDV team two. So I was incredibly disappointed there because everyone looked like they were going to the war into the desert and, and I was going to do some diving for extended periods of time.


And the the other interesting thing is our entire time through the pipeline, all of our instructors were telling us, Hey, the days of long term warfare are over. Vietnam is done that'll ever happen again. You have Panama Grenade to Haiti for the most part. Those are quick skirmishes. One guy said, I've been in the SEAL team 17 years, we've never seen a combat ops, so manage your expectations gents. So I said, okay, that's fine. Then nine 11 happens, clearly changed everything. So I wasn't too happy to be going. SDV can You explain what SDV is? I'm sorry. Yeah, yeah. Thank you. Seal delivery vehicle. So it's our undersea component within Naval Special Warfare. While all seals are combat divers, there are certain teams that, that take that to the next level and, and really specialize in that combat diving piece and use powered mini submersibles partner with the submarine force and go places on extended dives that most people really can't go go.


That involves, they say in buds. You'll be colder and wetter in the teams for sure. If you go dvs, that was where I met Danny Dietz. We were new guys together and partnered together in the front of the boat. And I stopped counting our dive hours after about 2000 together at some point, lot 2000 dive hours, Lot of diving. I I remember the first night, first night I did a long dive and I mean like a 10 hour dive, but I, I got off a bag that night or that morning. It was a nighttime dive. So we pretty much went underneath as the sun was setting and came up about the time it was rising. And I was telling my mom about it and she's like, Brad, you just, she's like, you did an entire workday, but under the water, like on a, on a, on an a breathing apparatus.


I said, oh yeah, it's bizarre. Danny and I met new guys. He would, he'd be, he was 2 32, a couple classes ahead of me, but we met officially at SDV team two partnered as new guys in the same platoon together. And we did a, a whole tour in the front of the boat together. I mentioned 2000 something dive hours. You get to know a person very well when you're spending more time on dive status with them than you are with your wife in regular hours. Learn to learn to read movements, understand what he's thinking, talk through bubbles and you know, calms are very spotty underneath the water. So we became very, very good friends, very fast friends and and really loved each other.


Yeah. Can you go into a little bit more about the SDV mission? Yeah. I mean, what is the SDV mission? So think of it like, think of the SDV, like a, a minivan underwater, but it's not, it's not a, it's not a dry submersible, it's wet, it's just a vehicle. So it fills with water. So we're in there in the water in wetsuits, breathing on full face mask regulators with, with comms and, and it's powered. And what that does is it hosts with a larger platform, either a surface vessel or a submarine. So what that does is buys us longer legs for the dive. We can now go further on a vessel STV from that vessel, now go further to a target.


So it extends our reach and our capability, but the only way to do that is spending a lot of time underwater in very miserable conditions. What Kind of depth are you at? I don't want to get too into that 'cause we could start to talk TTPs. That might be, you know, okay. But, but generally speaking it gets colder as you go deeper. So we try to stay as shallow as we can to stay as warm as we can un unless the mission calls forced to go shallow deeper For sure. And you can communicate under the, under there. Yeah, it's, it's not great. It's not like this, but yes, there are, there are communication systems. Yes. Can I ask how you navigate?


Yeah, There's a series of sonars and doppler and just GPS's. So you can do GPS updates via up and antenna and we just overlay maps and grids and, and plot out courses. Just exactly like land nav. It's exactly like land nav, but just under the water. Okay. Yeah. So there's, there's screens and Oh yeah. All that kind of stuff under there. Oh yeah. Salt water and electronics could possibly go wrong. I've never been in one of those. Oh, it's, it's, it's an incredible capability and it's miserable. So where was your first deployment? Hmm. We actually went to Rhoda, Spain. It was a ucomm deployment. It was another frustration of ours. 'cause now at that point I think we had both wars kicked off.


So we called it the Global War on tourism for us in Rhoda. Danny just got married right before the deployment, which is typical Danny, because everyone said, Hey, you met this girl, wait a while, like make sure she's, you know, all in and she can handle a deployment in the teams and you know, just like Danny does, he, he said, mom, I'm gonna do my own thing. I know she's the one so off to the courthouse and pf Chang's for a a, a reception afterward. It was, it was fantastic. Nice. Fantastic. So we go to Rhoda and yeah, just bounced around. We were training for some potential DV emissions at the time. Ended up not happening for us, but we bounced all over the med and did various interoperable interop training events with, with some foreigners and just worked.


Worked. Had anybody had any wartime experience? Not in my platoons stv not in my platoon at that point, because since the war kicked off, everyone that STV had pretty much still been at SDV. So we were just starting to hear some of the stories come back. I remember Steph Bass had come from SDV had just had the Op Ma Sharif. Are you familiar with that one? No. Okay. He, he got partnered with the SAS and this was early, early Afghanistan and they went, they went to try to rescue two agency guys who got taken during a prison overthrow. And so they rolled in as this small element, you know, Steph and a, and a group of the SSAS or SBSI can't remember now.


Ended up being one of the worst gunfights certainly early in the war. Steph got the Navy cross for it. A lot of discussion about should he have gotten the medal of honor? I think. So he was knighted in Britain for this thing. So he's technically the only enlisted seal that everyone should call, sir. He ended up being my command master chief later at basic training command when I was in xo. But he was coming back through to answer your question at that time and starting to give us the a a r on what they were learning. And it was one of the first real gunfights that we had someone come back from. And he was on a road show just telling us, Hey, we've, we learned a lot really fast. there was a lot we were doing wrong. We we are in a hyper learning environment now and here's the things we have to adapt to very, very quickly.


Or we're gonna, we're gonna fall behind. The reason I'm asking is I, I want to know what it's like is a, is a, is an officer, is a leader in the community. Yeah. Showing up to a SEAL team amongst people that already have experience. Yeah, yeah. So it's humbling 'cause you're walking into this position and, and no one throws you right in charge. You know, there's this, you're cutting your teeth in. A lot of what I would tell my Jos when I was now a more senior officer was, hey, your first job as an officer is to learn what it means to become a seal like that. That's step one. So don't step into this thinking like follow me everybody, you're gonna lead, you have to earn the respect of the team and you're only gonna earn the respect of the team if you know what it's like to be one of them too.


So, so I would grab a broom and sweep up. I would do all the jobs that all the new guys were doing. Didn't matter that I was an officer, it would piss off Danny sometimes 'cause he, he'd be like, you gotta stop doing that 'cause the chief's gonna be mad at me 'cause I let an officer, you know, do this. And I was like, yeah, but Danny, I'm a new guy. I'm no different than you. So what, I've got a different rank. So that's what it's like is, is figuring out what it means to be a team guy before you can figure out what it means to lead team guys. It's an exploratory period. It's a very short one. You don't have a lot of time. 'cause very quickly you're now the officer in charge down the road versus I think there's a longer runway for a brand new enlisted guy until he gets to LPO.


Right. So we have a shorter time that we have to learn how to lead and then be ready to go. Interesting. Yeah. Were you, were you at SDV two when Danny went to Afghanistan? I was. So we finished our first platoon together and rolled into a second platoon together, and we both got back of the boat op that time, or, or I should say mission set. At that time, we did our time in the front of the boat as pilot navigator. Now we're in the back of the boat as mission specialists and he was the, the comms guy. So we did an entire workup doing reces together and, and these four man teams that would go out and, and do reconnaissance. This was right around the era where ISR was starting to come on scene, so there wasn't a lot of it.


So there was still a need for these wrecky teams to go out and surveil areas, and that's what we specialized in outta the back of that boat. So we did our entire workup together. And at the time with Bo the wars going on, there was usually a decision point somewhere in the workup where they said, Hey, if there's not an SDV op that's specifically we're training for, we're gonna break and we're gonna outsource the platoon to augment all the other forces down range to help because, 'cause the war was ramping up and they needed manpower. So we hit that decision point and they offered up to us, where do you want to go? Iraq or Afghanistan. The platoon kind of split and we, we were supposed to go to Afghanistan together, so I very much was supposed to be doing everything with Danny that he ended up doing.


It was a, an administrative error that changed that I was already negotiating for my next set of orders. They wanted me to do something disassociated outside of the community. So I volunteered to go to Monterey to do my postgraduate degree, and I got pulled in the office and said, Hey, something got hap something happened. Your orders got messed up. It turns out you're gonna have to cut away to Monterey like halfway through the deployment, so you're not gonna be able to deploy. We can't send you out there to do this. Which frustrated me, 'cause you know, you do all the work you want to, you wanna go deploy. And they said, well, what if we do this instead? At the time, dev group was doing three month deployments out there, so why don't we let you augment them and you can get a faster rotation and still be back in time for your orders and then that'll work out.


At least you get to go forward and, and do something. I said, well, that sounds better than nothing. Let's do that. And, and not better than nothing. I was excited for the opportunity to, to augment for sure, but I wanted to be with my boys too. I wanted to be with Danny and the guys. As it stands though, we, we all ended up at Bagram at the same time anyway, just right down the road from each other in different compounds. So while they were starting to do their ops and I was doing my augment, Danny and me and a couple of other dudes had coffee at the Green Bean right there in Bagram multiple times just talking about our shared experiences. Danny and I dreaming big about the future together, you know, talked about should we both screen for dev group after this? I don't know, what do you think? He was asking me what I was seeing.


And so yeah, we, we were there at the same time. What Were you seeing? I was, I was impressed with what I was seeing and it was inspiring to me. And, and that was one of the things that convinced me to, to screen was, was what I saw when I first married my wife and we were doing this career. I said, Hey, I'll never ask you for that. 'cause that seems like it's the, the tempo is up a notch. And I know I'm already asking a lot of us as a family at this point. We'd already had our, our first son and, but, but one of the days when I was augmenting, she drove me into work to drop a bag or something. So she we're sitting there in the car, pull my 3-year-old outta the seat, and he's sitting there as these little birds come screaming in and these, these monsters, these animals are hanging off the sides of little birds with these beards and sunglasses and kit.


And, and I'll never forget as they, as they touch and go like 30 yards from where I'm parked, just, just dropping a bag off at the gate. This one dude just looks over and, and gives my, my boy a little bit of a, of a little salute. And he starts waving as they, you know, off they go. And I look down and my wife's in the driver's seat and she goes, you're telling me you don't wanna do that? So that was it, you know, and getting to see the, the level that those guys were performing and being a part of that, it, it really was impressive and it, it definitely provoked an interest in me that, that I was talking about with Danny. Then, while we're on that deployment together, Where were you when you got the news about Red Wings?


So That was a tough one. I ended up coming home from the deployment per the administrative mess up. I get home and then they say, it turns out the mess up was a mess up. So you could have deployed with Danny and the boys. Anyway, sorry about that, but you're home now, so we're gonna put you in a staff job and, and you know, it'll be okay. So I was, I was pretty frustrated and I was only home about a week or two, and I was at dinner with my wife at the Olive Garden, and I got a call. So now I'm the only guy from the platoon home. Everyone else is still forward just the way it worked out. And they said, you gotta get over to Patsy's house. Something's happened. Danny's status is unknown.


And so we immediately dropped our son with, with friends and off we went. And then we spent the next about a week there with, with Patsy, and then brought in his mom and dad and brother and sister as well. We just stayed glued to the news. What, what a lot of people don't realize. We, you know, we, we remember June 28th, but people don't realize that we didn't know they were dead until July 4th. So from the moment we knew there were status unknown for almost a week there, we just sat on pins and needles, watched the news, hoped you hear rumors about one guy might be on the loose running free. You start convincing yourself, that's gotta be Danny, you know, and telling stories to build hope, going into work, checking in, what are the intel updates?


What do we have, what can I say? What drive back to the house? We didn't have much at that time. And yeah, so I was there and yeah, at one point it was horrible. We, we finished off and some of the other spouses were with us, and we went to eat at like an all night diner. And we were sitting there just, just fatigued from the, the strain. And I got a call from my boss and he said, Hey, don't tell the family yet, but all forces are recovered. Everyone made it. And the let down that we had in that moment, there was like four or five of us and we're all crying.


We're so excited. And then he said, but don't go tell him me. We're like, all right, we're gonna hang here and as soon as you give us the word, we're gonna go. Right. We were like a couple hundred yards from Danny's house at that point. We were right there. And like 20 minutes later he calls back, Hey, it was a, it was a false report, still status unknown. You didn't go tell her, did you? I was like, thank God, no. And then it was only about a day later that we got the new, the official news. That was a, that was a rollercoaster of a week. How did you handle that most difficult moment of my life? Yeah. We, I got the word be at the house co and the chaplain are inbound.


And so I get there, I see him kind of hiding in the shadows. So I, I go partner up, I sent Amy inside, I said, Hey, get in there and be ready. I think that's how it went down. And we go to the front door and then the rest is just these flashbulb moments of, of grief. I remember, I remember Patsy, I remember her dropping to the floor and then bouncing up and running from the house. Like just, it's just, it was such a, she was just trying to run from reality and we had to chase her down, bring her back to the house, and then as we're still standing there and just no one knows what to say, there's no right thing to say.


You know, I'll never forget her body did what it could only do in a moment like that. And she fell to the ground and started throwing up on the carpet. And Amy and I were holding her hair back as she vomited. Terrible day. Yeah. Yeah. Terrible day. She's Patsy's family. She always will be. She's, she's a, she's a special woman as you know.


It sounds like nobody was closer with them than, than you and Amy. I would never claim that. I mean, you guys deployed together. Yeah. You sat in the front of the SDV together, you sat in the back of the S St V. You spent a lot of time together. We Did. We did. I I think it were more time with him than you have with your own wife. Yes. I, From your own words. That's fair. And I think you're right in that most of the guys in Platoon would say that, but I, I would never claim to be his best friend. Right. Danny had a lot of best friends because he was the guy that made everyone feel valued. It didn't matter if you were a seal diver, support technician, corpsman, that dude just loved everybody and made everybody laugh all the time.


And so one of the neatest things I saw after he died was people would come forward and start telling these stories about, he made them feel like they were the most important person in the world and they couldn't believe that this young seal would treat, treat them that way. And so I, I did take a step back and I, I wanted to always make sure I never, I never claim that part of him. Right. He was special to a lot of people, but yes, I loved him. I loved him dearly. I guess where I'm going is is because you were so close, how did you support Patson through that Time? Oh, I see. Yeah.


Show up. And there were days where You don't know, you don't know what to say. 'cause like I said, there's nothing to say and you just be, and you, you don't judge. If I've learned anything from my career, that was the first of many unfortunate tragedies of our career. But you never know how a grieving spouse or mom or family member will behave. And there's a, there's a spectrum of what will happen and you never know what to expect. And so you just be, and you love as best you can sometimes not knowing what that looks like, but in hindsight, just, just being there and hugging when they need it and giving 'em space when they need it.


That's another thing too, is sometimes they, they get overwhelmed with the support and they just need space. And so we were very clear with her, Hey, you just let us know. You're never gonna offend us. That's the thing about Patsy, like even in the midst of her grief, she, she was worried about upsetting other people. And you know, I don't wanna hurt your feelings. No, no, this is not, my feelings are not important right now. So we just, we, we accommodate whatever we could. And we were brutally honest and said, be brutally honest with us. What you need from us And, if you need space, then, then you get it. You get it. And you tell stories when they want to hear 'em. You know, especially the funny ones. 'cause we all need to laugh in those moments, You know, DJ Shipley's, who's connected us.


Yep. And dj, if you're listening, thank you for the connection. Where I'm going with this is, is DJ married Patsy? Yeah. Later on. Yeah. In life. And so I wanna know, you know, as somebody who was that close to, to Danny's family, what was, what was it like for you to see Patsy? It was beautiful Move on. It was beautiful. And, and what I mean is DJ never felt threatened by Danny's memory. And I've seen other people who are, and they feel like they have to compete with this memory, which you can never compete with.


Like Danny will always have a special place in Patsy's heart. And, and DJ never felt threatened by that. And not only that, like here are some of the early stories Patsy told me. 'cause of of course she's family now, right? And, and so anyone that comes, you know, through the doorstep, we were curious about, is this guy gonna treat her right or not? Here's one of the first dates they went on. Once they realized there was a romantic connection, he said, yeah, do you have Danny's last set of Cammies? He knew that she did. You the ones she had, she hadn't even washed 'em, they still smelled like Danny at the time. She said, yeah. He goes, I want you to put'em on and be ready. I'm gonna pick you up Saturday morning, whatever. We're gonna go on a date, but you're gonna be wearing Danny's Cammy. She's like, all right. So he takes her to the drop zone out there in Suffolk and he had set up a tandem jump for her and he was gonna jump with her and he said, this is Danny's last jump with you and with me.


That's a dude that is so secure in his love for her and not threatened by Danny. Like, okay, how could you not love that guy? Immediately we fell in love with him and, and absolutely like, this is okay, you guys are, are meant to be. And his dad ended, he'd put me through a portion of training back in the day too, so I knew of him. So it wasn't a surprise at all for us. And their relationship just took off from there. there was another thing, like at one point he's looking at Danny's shadow box in the room, you know, and he realized one of his medals hadn't been updated at some point, I think Danny was given the bronze star, but then it got upgraded to the Navy cross later when the paperwork finally came through and the initial shadow box didn't have the cross.


And, and DJ saw it and he goes, Hey, would, would you mind? I don't wanna upset you. He said, would you mind if I just take that and go get it fixed and updated for Danny? And of course she didn't mind. So we did like, okay. Yeah. Good to go, dude. Good to go. Yeah. Welcome To the family. Wow. Yeah, that's pretty cool to hear. Oh man, we love them. We ended up being in, in their wedding too. Amy was a bridesmaid. I was a groomsman, like huge celebration. That had to be surreal, huh? It was very surreal and it was so good. I mean, you never move on from death, but you can move forward and I think we need to move forward.


We can't, we can't sit in grief forever. It'll always be with us. The scars always remain, but we have to move forward in life. And, and you can do that in a way where you're carrying their memory and honoring it, but not in an unhealthy way. And I think that's what we saw Patsy do. She poured back into the teams after Danny. She didn't isolate herself and then she married back into the teams and kept giving to this nation. She's given more than most women out there. Yeah. Yeah. That's for damn sure. I mean, did you see like a sense of freedom in her when DJ came along? Yeah. You see hope, you know, 'cause I'm sure I, I, I can't know for sure, but I, I, I can imagine having put myself in their shoes as best as I can, surviving spouses, there's probably a sense of fear.


Am I ever going to find that love again? She was young man. I mean she was young, he was too. We were all, we were all young. We were starting our lives together. Like this was like, we're all buying houses at the same time and furnishing them. And that's an exciting period of life to get it just cut off so abruptly. And I'm sure there's a sense of fear, like, am I ever gonna find that again? You know, we were on track, we were making plans, we had a future set. We all do these things and there's probably a, that's a huge setback. And then I can imagine also there's a sense of fear that what if it does happen again? Is that bad? There's gotta be some guilt. You know? Am I giving up love for my first by loving another one?


And, and don don't know. Those are difficult emotions to grapple with. But, but yes, to answer your question, like I saw her, we saw her happy, I wish we made us happy. That's, that's great to hear. Yeah, it was great to be a part of. Let's move on to, yeah, where did you go after SDV two Went out to Monterey for that post-grad degree. And then I came out to SEAL, Team Four for my platoon command tour and deployed to Iraq. Great platoon. Probably not waste. We're spending time there so we can get to more of the, the, the stuff. But significant leadership opportunity for me to go out to middle of nowhere.


We were at an out station where me and a marine captain, so, so two oh threes were the senior guys on this, on this outpost in the middle of Borough Province. We just had the time of our lives, great opportunity, fantastic Seal Platoon. I learned a lot as a leader there and we made some difficult decisions, but grew a lot through that process. It was, it was a great deployment. Was it a kinetic deployment At the time? For me, yes. It was something we were doing raids. We weren't getting into a lot of gunfights at that point. Things had started to quiet down, but, but we still did a lot of raids. We, we stayed very, very busy. I say that 'cause at the time it was exciting.


It was nothing for what was my next season of life to come for sure. You had mentioned some, some, I think you said difficult decisions. What were some of those There? Just leadership challenges being out in the middle of nowhere. There's, there's, I, you know, for the first time ever now I'm, I'm actually in a leadership position in, in a combat zone. And that's not black and white. There's, there's gray landscape to navigate in war. And the right decision is always, isn't always so obvious. And so there's, there's a, lemme Rephrase that a little. You know, you, you'd academy to buds to SDV it sounds like not a whole lot of combat experience yet, right?


Maybe, maybe you got some at the, the augment with Dan Mac. Not really now it was pretty quiet. So yeah, this was my first real, So now you're, now you are showing up to SEAL, Team Four. I shouldn't assume anything, but I'm, I'm No idea what I'm doing. Yeah. So, but you're surrounded by people. Yes. What year is this? This Was 2000. I showed up 2007 and then we deployed 2008 through the winter into 2009. So there's gotta be quite a bit of experience. Oh yeah. It was humbling. You know, I, I tell these young junior officers these days, I'm like, Hey man, here's the big secret. None of us really knew what we were doing when we're in those leadership roles. You're doing the best you can.


But the point is, if you establish yourself as a learner fast and just commit to the learning process and be humble enough to seek counsel and advice and mentorship, you'll be okay. And that's what I did there is I, I recognized I was coming into these platoons. I mean, I was, I was rolling into a platoon. They had just come off of Clark Sch Weather's loss clarkey, that previous deployment. And that guy that carried his, his body off Target was my LPO for the next platoon. He rolled that entire platoon and he left the bloodstains on his H gear. He refused to wash it. And I'm that dude's OIC and I have no combat experience. It was incredibly intimidating rolling with these people.


And I knew I had to learn fast and, and back to being a new officer, okay, I gotta earn their trust. I've gotta earn their respect as a seal before they're gonna listen to me as an officer. And you're The, you're the oic. I was the oic, the platoon. Yeah. So for those listening, that means you are in charge, you are in charge of the platoon. Yeah. Yeah. So how, I mean, how do you show up there and earn the respect Yeah. Of a bunch of combat guys with a ton of experience who'd been there and done that. Probably several of 'em, multiple times. Yeah. And you're showing up Green zero. It's A balance. Zero. It's a balance. Because you can't show that you, you can't be too vulnerable. You have to lead, you have to show that you, hey, I know what I'm doing for the most part here.


But yet still be curious enough and humble enough to ask the questions and understand that, hey, I, I might need a little more help. So I got my platoon chief, Hey man, help protect me from myself here. You know, I'm coming from a lot of undersea time. I'm a fast learner, but will you take me to the house and walk me through some stuff? Like, let's, let's run some drills together before I do it in front of the platoon. 'cause I'm, I'm gonna mess up from time to time, but I don't wanna fail catastrophically and lose their respect. I also did that with my troop chief. He was a godsend. He had just come from damn neck and was our troop chief. So I grabbed him like immediately, Hey Mike, I need mentorship. Help me, man. That guy poured into me.


It was fantastic. I I would not be who I am today without people like that pouring into me and, and, and humbling themselves and teaching me just this young curious JO to help keep me from falling too catastrophically. So you're putting in the extra work right off the bat? Oh, Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. That, I mean, that alone will earn Yeah. Tremendous amount of respect. Absolutely. When you got overseas, I mean, were you, were you on a lot of these raids with the platoon? Yeah. What was it like for you the first time that the platoon that your guys went out without you? What's going through your head When they went out without me?


So, it's a great question actually. We had to send a group up to Missou. I had to split up the platoon and send it. 'cause we were, they were just breaking ground. The army was moving up to Misso. And so I had to send my a OIC with my platoon chief up there. And it was very difficult because, and I sat him down and had the conversation about Danny and I said, Hey, I was supposed to deploy with him and I didn't get to. and we all know how that ended. Now I don't, I I spent some time playing the what if scenario. What if I had been there? Would things have been different? I don't know. It's not very, it's not very healthy to spend too much time in that world. But I, but I used that in this moment and said, this is very important to me that you guys understand my commander's intent for you to go up there, my left and rights, you know, as, as your OIC call me when you have questions and let's have discussions about your decisions, but we don't have time for that.


You make decisions and you do the best you know how to do. And so it was a huge piece of, oh my goodness, I'm having to trust these guys to go do stuff and I know it's at stake because I've suffered. I've suffered when it goes poorly. And so I was very communicative with them about what that looks like and what my concerns were. Were you terrified that you would lose somebody under your watch? Not terrified. It's always in the back of your head, especially after experiencing loss. But I, you know, it seals as you know, and switched to. It's one of our, it's a double-edged sword. Our sense of confidence.


I think it's what allows us to do some of the things that, that are impossible to other people. But, but at the same time, it's what makes us a little vulnerable because sometimes we can, we can be overly ambitious. So I wasn't terrified. I had a sense of confidence that I knew how well we'd been trained. I was very comfortable with the platoon. I was very comfortable with how we operated and I knew they'd make the right decisions. That said, as I've learned, you can make all the right decisions in the world. The enemy still gets a vote and Murphy still gets a vote. That's always in the back of my head that, okay, this might be the longer I do this, this seems to be somewhat of a statistical inevitability. It will happen again. Thankfully it didn't happen there.


So once again, I'll ask, what was it that you saw switch in the platoon to gain, gain the confidence or gain gained your, you know where I'm getting at? Yeah. When they trusted you to be their, their OIC their leader. I think it's a series of small things and it's a, it was these small moments where I showed them that I trusted them and I showed 'em. I would back them when they, when they were under the gun and we had a couple things happen which I disagreed with, and I made it pretty clear, Hey, I don't like the way that happened over there.


We're gonna do things differently because we're gonna hold ourselves to a different standard. And so as that happens in these micro moments, these micro decisions, it builds trust. And, and by the time you're deploying forward together, there's no question, there's no question. We all know that we trust each other and that's a great place to be. It wasn't one moment. I can't, I can't think of one moment. It was that you had your guys' back. Yeah. And not in an unhealthy way. Right? There's a lot of people that abuse that, that mantra. Take care of the boys. Yes. Take care of the boys. Okay, what does it mean? What does it mean to have their back? What it means to love 'em. What does it mean to love?


It doesn't mean to be liked. It, it means to love. I love my kids. I, I don't think of them and don don't think of my team as my kids. That's, that's too far of a stretch. But, but, but the principles of love apply, right? We, we trust, we love, we lead, coach and mentor. We learn, I've learned more as a parent, you know, about, about myself and about man, I messed that up. I can do better. All of that is the same thing in leadership. And as we do that and we show that we're doing it and we're transparent and genuine in doing it, it just builds trust and cohesion. And all of a sudden we can go and not only do I trust them to do what we need to do, but they trust me to, to, to lead them and, and they trust me to hold them proportionately accountable when we mess up.


And, and that's a huge piece, the proportionate word. There's a lot of leaders out there who will say, oh, you gotta earn my trust. Okay? It's bilateral though. As a leader, we have to earn their trust. And what does that mean? It means I'm not gonna knee jerk react and I'm not gonna lop a dude's head off for making a small mistake. We're gonna provide opportunity to fall forward. We're gonna both learn from this proportionate accountability. We can't be reckless with our trust and, and just send it. Guys have fun. No, no, no. There, there has to be proportionate, there has to be trust. But proportionate accountability when we mess up and when we do that, that builds trust. 'cause then they'll see, oh, I messed something up. If that platoon over there, this had happened in that would've been crucified, sent to captain's mast, whatever this platoon here, Brad and the platoon chief thought that was a survivable failure, a teachable moment.


So we kept it at our level and we mentored him through it and we provided that opportunity and he fell forward and was fine. Or we messaged up the chain if it was appropriate. Hey, this is what happened. Our guy messed up, but here's how we want him to survive it. Here's what we want to do. We're asking you to let us, let us run with this. And when the dudes see that, okay, this guy is our back, there's still a high standard. We don't compromise the standard, but they're gonna help me when I mess up. We're getting ready to take a break. Yeah. And then we'll move into what happened after, after this deployment. But, but real quick, I just, we got a lot of people that listen to the show that are, that are wanting to go to bud s Yeah. Wanting to go SF marsoc.


We got a lot of people that wanna be in special operations and, and a handful of those are looking to go the officer route. And so what are a couple of leadership attributes that you pass on to being the commanding officer over at Naval Special Warfare? Yeah. Training. Yeah, that's a great question. We're gonna hit a couple of these as we go through. But if you wanna lead people, you have to be curious about people. And at an offer, you almost need to become a student in what makes us tick as human beings. So we have to understand first, human nature. Psychology. I wasn't a psych major, but I've read about quite a bit beyond that.


We have to break it down. Now, what's the organization I wanna lead in? I'll have to become a skilled tradesman in that organization before people are gonna be, you don't have to be the best, I don't have to be the best sniper, jumper, diver, shooter, whatever. But I have to at least be a skilled tradesman in that craft before I can expect that people are gonna follow me. Then I have to understand the culture of the people that are in this organization. Who gets attracted to NSW? Like I mentioned earlier, we're not quite right in the head. We're not the normal part of society. We generally on the fringes of normal behavior. Shocking. You know, we get into bar fights every once in a while and our young guys do too. Okay, let's manage that. So, so understand human nature.


Understand the nature of the people that are drawn to the organization you wanna lead in and then understand the culture of those organizations. And sometimes that involves subcultures. You've seen this. Different teams, different troops sometimes have subcultures. Sometimes those cultures are healthy, sometimes they're not. If they're healthy, well shoot, let's jump on that. Capitalize on it. Squirt fuel on the fire and run if it's unhealthy. Okay, let's start talking about what we need to do to shift that culture. But it's really becoming a student in that world of understanding human beings and what makes them tick. And then when we make decisions as leaders, well why are we making that decision? Are we making, we're generally looking to incentivize a certain behavior or disincentivize a certain behavior. And so as we make those decisions based upon all those other factors, human nature, organizational culture, then did I produce the right behavior that I was hoping to with this decision?


Or do we accidentally go the other way? Whoops. Unintended consequences. And then having the humility as a leader, okay, let's revisit that decision. Let's pull it back and shift fire. Because if really what we're talking about is this, then let's figure out how to get there. What does that look like? What do those decisions look like? And how do we get buy-in for those decisions? Someone much smarter than me said to me years ago, culture eats strategy for breakfast every single day. And what he meant is, you might have the best strategy in the world to solve a problem, to get an end state, but if your decisions to get there are counter-cultural, you'll fail every day. So we have to align our end goals as leaders and our decisions into the culture in order to get to where we want to be.


Very well said. Thank You for that. I appreciate it. Let's Take A break. Sounds good.


Finding great candidates to hire can be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. You get a ton of resumes with all these candidates and none of them have the skills that you're looking for. And for me, hiring can be extremely stressful, but not with ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds amazing candidates for you and fast. And right now you can try it for free. It's ziprecruiter.com/ss. One of my favorite things about ZipRecruiter is their smart technology. It identifies top talent for your roles quickly. Immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified candidates. Ditch the other hiring sites and let ZipRecruiter find what you are looking for. The needle in the haystack. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Try it for free at this exclusive web address ziprecruiter.com/ss. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/ss. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


Look around war inflation recession. Did you know that many experts call gold? The everything hedge gold often goes far beyond hedging against inflation or the stock market. It can potentially guard against today's wars in Ukraine and the Middle East. Not to mention the great economic danger of a recession lurking. That's why gold just hit another record. High. And central banks keep buying gold at a record pace. Join the thousands of people who have called Gold Code their number one rated gold company. Diversify your money with time tested assets, physical, gold, and silver. Today Goldco is offering up to 10% instant match in free bonus silver with a qualified account. Go to sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold and see if you qualify to get your bonus silver today. Once again, that's 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. Or visit sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making any investment decisions.


Alright Brad, we're back from the break. Let's get into green team. Yeah, so I know you screened for dev group. Yep. Let's start right there. Yeah. Came back from that Iraq deployment right into Green team 2009 and moved on from there to the squadron. And How was green team? Green team is brutal. Brutal. Harder than buds. And I say that physically it's probably, it's, it's a, it's a difficult scale because you're older so everything hurts a little bit more. So if you did 'em both side by side comparison, probably not as hard as buds, but there's no Hell Week, right? But, but what I mean harder too is the cognitive piece.


The the the psychological aspect is incredibly difficult because you're already a proven seal now you've got a reputation and in a sense you're putting everything on the line to go over there and and say, Hey, yeah, measure me and assesses me and tell me if, if you're what we're looking for. One guy said it really well, he said, you know, we were about to go into the house and do some runs in green team. And you, you, you go in there and looking up in the rafters, you just see these, these animals up there, beard, sunglasses, long hair, just pouring over the rafters. There's more of them up there than there are of you down here. And you know that every single one of 'em is judging every single thing you do, every move, every micro move. That's incredibly intimidating.


And one of the guys said, I've been on combat operations in Afghanistan where we were troops in contact. No kidding gunfights. And I'm more stressed right now going into this house with those dudes in the rafters looking at me. Yeah. And I'm like, yeah, I feel the same thing. Like your heart rate's just going through the roof. It's just a lot of performance anxiety and it's overwhelming. It's overwhelming. Everybody I've interviewed about it says the same thing. Yeah, it's harder than buds, but I'm curious what is, what is, what is the selection like for an officer going in? So it's changed. I don't know what it's today. Keep in mind this is now gey, what, what are we talking like, almost a decade and a half ago.


But at the time it was all the normal stuff that, that anyone else has to go to the, the physical fitness test, the psych profile, all that stuff. But then what they did for the officers on top of that at the time was they'd bring you into a room just you provide you a bunch of intelligence and say plan a mission. You have X amount of time to plan it and then we're gonna come back in the room and you're gonna brief it start now. And so you had to by yourself, put together a cobbled plan with what assets they gave you. It's all notional, it's all just just a planning exercise. And then you had to brief it competently back to these senior officers at, at dev group, which was, you know, just a little intimidating. How much time do you get? I can't remember. It's been so long. I wanna say, I wanna say they gave me like 40 minutes at the time.


40 minutes? Yeah. It wasn't much. It wasn't much. And and part of the drill is they know you're not gonna get everything. Like there's just too much. Part of it is an information processing drill, right? Can you figure out scanning through this stuff? What's the important information? Distill it down to some salient talking points, pick the relevant ones now brief 'em effectively and, and, and manage risk from a planning perspective based off of all these factors. It's almost like in college where they give you too much work and they know you can't get it all done. So you have to figure out how to prioritize what you prioritize and now message it effectively as if you're briefing an op for, for approval. Can you talk, do you remember the, the scenario?


It was some sort of a helo assault force op? It was, it was somewhat generic at the time. I think they, they evolved the scenarios they provide, but it's, it's the typical, they give you sometimes too many assets. So they wanna see are you gonna use everything and say that I need all these things. When in reality, hey, you don't, that's overkill. So there's, there's a, there's a fine line they're looking for in there too, on, hey are you being prudent? Are you being wise in your decision making and what you ask for and what you recommend? So it wasn't even the scenario. It's almost as if they knew we were ill experienced as officers to even handle some of the assets they threw at us. I didn't know what the capabilities of some of these things were. I hadn't studied 'em 'cause I didn't have access to those things until that moment.


They know that, they know you're gonna come up with a probably a crappy plan and you'll misuse the assets because you don't really know what you're doing. Even to some degree. It's really more of a planning exercise. And then, you know, I did, I made a couple mistakes I remember and they called me on it after I briefed, Hey, well did you know that you can't fit that many people on a, you know, a 47? And I was like, you know, no I didn't. You know, and so then there's that. I, I have to wonder what they were looking for there. Am I gonna be humble enough to acknowledge, hey, I messed that up. And then they said, well now that you know, would you do something different? Well, yeah, I would, I would do this, this, and this. And so they're, they're looking for how are you assessing risk, how you're managing assets and, and then are you humble as a leader?


Are you gonna, are you gonna be willing to shift fire but then, you know, not be a pushover either. You know, I've never, I've known a lot of enlisted guys that that screened and made it over there. Yeah. I don't know. And I know you're the only one that I personally know now that, that I've talked to about kind of jumping the fence and going over there. I've seen a lot of officers fail at, at their attempts to make it over to dev group. What do you think that they are looking for specifically in an officer? Someone said it really well, he's not a seal, but he's a good friend of mine and he studied us for quite some time. He said, damn neck is looking for wolves with table manners.


And I really liked that this idea that you're, you're a borderline monster. And to borrow how Jordan Peterson describes virtue, I like this a lot. I've used it a lot over my career and I didn't understand it. I couldn't articulate it like Jordan does now. But when I heard him say it, I was like, ah, that's what he, that's what he's talking about. That's what I've experienced this idea of becoming a monster who chooses not to do monstrous things. Someone who has that capability but buffers it with restraint. They're looking for that in their officers there because they're looking for it and they're enlisted and it's why just like buds officers go through green team the same as enlisted and the same is expected of them in the house.


You have to be able to perform tactically. There's a lot of people out there over the years that have argued philosophically, why are we grading officers in green team on their house runs when in reality, on target they're the ground force commander, not necessarily the number two man in the train. Well because that's NSW, we expect the people that lead us to be competent in, in what the trade is. You don't have to be the best again and you're not gonna be the best because you're not gonna get the reps that the other guys are getting. But you've gotta show that you can do it. You've gotta show that you have bridled aggression and that's what they're looking for. And the cultural fit, like back to the cultural strategy. I know for a fact they look for cultural fit there.


That's a major, major piece of the puzzle. I, I heard one story of one guy, an officer, this was a couple years later, so I'm telling it now, second, third hand. But there was a perception that he might have been a yes man officer that just went with the flow, whatever the opinions was, he would go there. And so they actually staged the scenario where they took, took a couple guys and said, Hey, I want you to be talking about a controversial issue and I want your position to be this. And then he's gonna come through the room and we're gonna grab him and bring him over and see where he stands on it. It sounds good. So they did it. He jumps on board. Everyone's very animated and he agrees. Oh, a hundred percent agree with you guys. Absolutely. Yeah. And they said, okay, give it a couple days. They said, took a different group of guys. Hey, we're gonna be talking about this topic now.


It's the opposite side of the, of the, of the equation where he's gonna come through the room, we're gonna ask him to come over and ask for his opinion on things. Same scenario comes over. Oh, a hundred percent agree. They dropped him from the program. Good. We don't want someone like you, man, like you may be a competent tactical seal officer, but we need people that have an opinion on things, even if it's a controversial opinion. Be your, be yourself, have a position, be able to defend your position and have an intelligent discussion about it. We don't need Yes. Men here, They want somebody to have a spine. Yeah, Absolutely. Interesting. Yeah, that one, that one is fascinating. Like what a, what an interesting human experiment. Yeah, that's pretty slick. And I'm glad it happened.


Like I'm, I'm glad. Did you see that happen? No, I only heard about it. I was already in the squadron at that point and someone's like, you won't believe what happened the other day. I'm like, well, what's going on? But those kinds of human experiments, just back to being curious about humanity and human nature. Are those always interested me? We did. That's the best part about being a co at Bud's later was running those kinds of experiments just to see a dude's character or, or a girl. I say, dude, let's, let's just determine now that dude is a all encompassing term. 'cause I use it a lot. I've been told I use it too many times. But, but generally it feels, it refers to the people. How many officers screened to go with you? Do you remember? Ooh, I want to say there were 11 or 12 of us that got into green team and four of us got through it, Only four.


It Was a really high attrition year. Yeah. Yeah. And it was intimidating. 'cause I came in the door looking at these piers of mine and they are, I mean, they're studs. I was intimidated like, oh my gosh, I'm rolling with these, these guys and, and I'm being assessed compared to them and I know they don't need all of us. So they're gonna be looking for mistakes. Is there any difference or is there any more training or selection that you go through as an officer versus an enlisted guy? When it comes to green team, Yes and no, you don't go into a different program, but there are different portions of the training where they'll pull you aside as an officer and say, Hey, we're gonna practice some ground force commanding stuff now.


Like, we're gonna get you on the radio. We're gonna start having you run some ops. We're gonna bring in one of the troop commanders and start mentoring you. And so at some point when you show you're good enough at c qc, then they will kind of start pulling you back and you, you start doing more of what you'll be doing when you actually get to the squadrons. Okay. So that's, that's, they're not gonna invest any extra time into you until you've proven yourself and see. Precisely, Precisely. Let's talk about when you showed up. Where did you go after Green team Went up to Gold Squadron? How was that? Fantastic. Everything. I always hoped it would be, Let's talk about day one, walking in Overwhelming, I mean, chandeliers made of AK 40 sevens.


Yeah. It's just like, okay, like this is man town, you know, like you, it was, it was an incredible experience. I was so humbled. And you walk in, again, there's this theme, right? That these guys, you feel so overwhelmed by the level of the professionals around you that it just makes you raise your game to that level. It just, it sharpens your sword and drives you to want to be better at what you do. I've gotta be the best dang officer in the world because these guys deserve that. And I'm not there yet. And I probably won't ever be there if I'm honest with myself. So, alright, how do I refine that? How do I get better at that? Who do I need to talk to?


Where do I need to, what are my gaps? How do I identify what I need to do? Some of it I may not even know yet. It's just a, it's a, it, it it just, it it a contagious environment of just hyper performance. I mean, once again, you're showing up to a place as a leader, as an officer into a another culture or yeah. Another unit that has a, a level of experience that is just astronomically higher than what you're currently at. And so once again, how do you, how do you as a leader at development group Yeah.


Prove yourself. Yeah. To them Same lessons, just apply it at a different level, right? Recognizing, I don't know fully what I'm doing yet. I gotta understand this culture. There's a squadron culture and there's a troop culture there. I got put into the troop that was the fight club troop. These dudes are just, I mean, they're fighters and I was not a fighter. I mean, every seal is, but, but I had to learn fast how to fight. I'm pretty sure that's where my nose got crooked. I, I don't know, a hundred percent, I can't remember. But These, these guys are monsters. And I had to become a monster.


Same exact principles that I rolled with, with Danny. How do I do that? Well, I gotta learn what it means to be one of these guys. I gotta fight with him. I gotta fight knowing I'm gonna lose sometimes. I was holding pads for one of these guys. He's one of the scariest human beings in the world. And at some point I'm holding tie pads as we're doing every day. We're just, we're just doing boxing and kicking together. And he actually gave me stress fractures in my forearms. 'cause his kicks were that powerful through the three inch type pads. I had to take a break. Wow. And I, and I felt like such a weakling saying, I need to like, Hey dude, like I gotta throttle it back for a while. You gave me stress fractures. I mean, you feel like a quitter, you know?


And of course he probably called me a quitter at the time, which doesn't help. But yeah, I had to become this, I had to become this thing in order to lead in these environments. What, what rank are you, I was lieutenant commander at that time. Lieutenant Commander. Yeah. Feeling like a, a new guy. Feeling like a new guy. It's crazy. Once again, that doesn't really change. It's all I, I, I feel like that's been almost everywhere. Every time I go into a new role, you're like, goy, I'm the new guy again. Like, I gotta learn a whole nother environment, whole nother culture, whole nother command, whole nother leadership job. But that's what's fun too, is that it's just a constant, every time you get it figured out, don don't know if it's the same thing for everybody.


But as an officer, these, these two, two year chunks of your, of your career that are really different and each one is so different. 'cause the whole point is they want to diversify us. So as we climb that ladder of, of leadership, we now understand what it means to lead a wide array of, of different subsets and specialties. So you never really get a lot of time in one spot. You're always being diversified. That creates a learning environment where you are always on your heels. I mean, every about the time I get it figured out and I think I'm effective in a job, they move me on to another one and I'm like, oh my gosh, I gotta learn how something entirely new. Now How are you received? Very skeptically. And I'd offer, I think that's one of the harder things to do there is roll into a troop.


As a troop commander now, fresh outta green team, new guy. And some of these guys had been staying in the same troop for five to 10 years. They have an established way of doing business. And the last thing they want is some new officer who they know is gonna be there for two years to come in and start telling 'em how to do business when they know how to do business. Most of those guys had double digit deployments to Afghanistan at that point. I mean, I couldn't hold a candle to them tactically. There's nothing I was ever gonna do to close that gap. So, okay, how do I do that? Well, I have to figure out how to earn their respect and then as a leader, respect the roles and responsibilities we all have pressing when I need to, but also trust that they know how to do this stuff and they're gonna probably do it the right way.


Better than any way I could think of doing it. So it was a huge exercise in trust. Where are you deploying to for the first time with gold? Afghanistan? Afghanistan? Yeah. Pretty quickly. I got in there. We, we rolled out within a few months. So off to the races. No, no tactical pause. Off you go. Wow. Wow. No, you jump right into it, man. You're in the cycle and you're out. You're, you're, you are vetted and expected to perform and so you do. So you get over there, you're the troop commander. Well, so at point I was, there was a little bit of an overlap. We were waiting for another guy to cycle out. So for that deployment, I ended up being like a troop commander in training, I guess you could say.


So I was rolling with him. I was doing ops, but it was very much like an on-the-job training type type role for at least a few months. Okay. And then I just cycled right into that troop. Okay. Yeah. So was it the, it was the full deployment? Yeah. Yeah. You were in training. Yeah. Not training, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. You were being evaluated to take the position or, of Course, yep. Okay. And that's the deployment we lost Adam. That's that deployment. That was that deployment. Yeah. Do you wanna get into specifics? Yeah, I'll say something because then I know I don't wanna, I don't wanna repeat what's already been discussed by a lot of the guys on your show, but don don't know that, that some of the guys talked about that one. But there's an interesting part to that story that I think is, is worth telling that hasn't been told yet, at least to my knowledge.


You know, when Adam died, as you know, he was a man of faith and was on his last deployment, was getting ready to roll back to Arkansas with his wife and kids. And this was it. This was short final. This was the last, the last run. And so when he died, a lot of us had a lot of problems with that, specifically wrestling with God on that one. And I remember I did, I said, why would you take Adam over everybody? Not that one person's better than any others, but Adam. I mean, everyone recognized he was just one of our best and most unique and just a, a fantastic human being. Why would you take him when he was this close to the finish line? And I, I don't think God answers our questions fully. We're never, we're never meant to fully understand.


But a a piece of it came to light for me. You know, when, when someone dies on a deployment, as you know, we ship them home. They have their hometown memorial service, we stay forward, we continue the fight, but then the chaplains usually come around and do the memorial services at all the out stations in memory of our fallen So by the time all that happened, this chaplain finally came around to our route station, said, Hey, I'm, I'm here. We're gonna do this on a night. We have off. So we all sat down at the typical plywood hut. I'll never forget, we're all sitting there and he said, I'm gonna read you what Adam wrote in his emergency data form. That's that addendum to our will, the last thing we fill out on the way out the door, just in case something happens.


It was interesting. The chaplain said, okay, you know, he's reading Adam's words now, and I'm paraphrasing, it's been a hot minute, but it was something to the effect of, in the event I die, I want the chaplains to go around and do a memorial service in my honor, and I want the gospel of Jesus Christ preached unhinged. And so he looks up, closes the doors, and you've got all these war fighters in this room. And he goes, okay, gents, we're gonna talk about Jesus today. And being a man of faith, I remember in that moment being so overwhelmed with, oh my gosh, what an impact Adam is having in his death. I can't imagine another scenario in the world in which you'd get a group of war fighters like us to sit down in a room and listen to a sermon like that, unless it was in honor of one of our fallen brothers.


Those were Adam's last wishes, and that chaplain fulfilled it to the T. And every single dude in that room and in every other out station that they went to heard that message and some of 'em received it. Wow, you, I'm a man of faith. And scripture says, we're not gonna understand trust in the Lord with all your heart. Lean not on your understanding. We're never gonna fully understand why God allows what he does, suffering in the world, loss grief. But he gives glimpses of it sometimes. And this was one of those times, he, he, he opened up my aperture a little bit. I'd already talked about what I saw after Adam died and what he wrote in his emergency data form.


What Amy told me after talking to some of these surviving spouses at the funerals is that multiple spouses said their husbands came to know Christ because of Adam's testimony. And so then I realized even more so than I had previously, that in his death and in his witness and in his testimony, these men heard and it paved the way for their salvation. It was incredible. Now, if I could still wrestle with God, I'd ask Yeah, but why did it have to happen anyway? Couldn't we have done something different here back to, we'll never fully understand these things. But I was very thankful in that moment to have a little bit of closure and a little bit of understanding and insight into what was going on there behind the scenes.


It was, it was such a powerful moment for me. Do you ever think that that was Adam's reward? Yeah, sure, sure. I mean, we know that things here on earth are fleeting, are rewards inevitably based upon our willingness to testify here on earth. I think that was absolutely part of it, and I can only imagine the celebration when they joined him. I'm looking forward to joining that table one day. Yeah. It still doesn't take the sting away, but you realize the impact a man has with his words, That man is still impacting everybody that reads that book.


Absolutely. Absolutely. Hears his story. I mean, what a just phenomenal human being. Yeah, He was. He really was. Still is. I mean, he lives on, right. He Really does. His impact will continue for generations. Let's talk about the first time you were in a leadership role where you were involved in, in, in an engagement. Yeah. Okay. So fast forward next deployment out there. We, we did a couple other meeting deployments along the way. It was a long, it was a hard season of life in about a three year period. I was home less than nine months at any given time. It was just a, we were, we were moving, we were always deployed or always on a training trip.


Always gone. So I'm in my leadership role now. We're downrange again. And Yeah, I'm not sure it was, it was kind of anti-climatic actually, the first few for me, I remember thinking like, oh, that's it. We rolled in. We were very good at what we do, and we controlled the target. Never, never lost control. And I was, it was fun for me to watch these guys work and realize like, oh, this is what this looks like when guys have autonomy. When guys are moving and responding to the enemy, like I said earlier, you can do all the right things in the world. The enemy gets a vote.


But when your guys have autonomy and trust to maneuver, to contact as fast as possible, you're responding before the enemy can keep, keep up. And so I saw us all just move as this collective element, the flow. And it was one of those things like Target was secure, everything was done. And I'm looking around like, I guess that was it. Like this is not at all like what the movies make it out to be, man, I Never thought of that. So you, you're getting like the bird's eye view of everything all at once. It was fascinating. And, and now there's always ops that don't go as planned and, and being on your heels a little bit. But most of them, I find that we have such tactical patience and our guys know what to do and when to do it. And they're so fluent in that language that, that nine times out of 10 it's like, oh, just another night.


Like, great. I mean, half the time you almost, I felt bad for like our, our adversaries or enemies because they wouldn't know what hit 'em. And some of would, you could see them like getting their kid on thinking they're about to get in the fight. They don't know they're already dead. We had to beat on 'em before they even decided we were just waiting for them to make the decision. Bad choice. That's hostile intent. They had no idea. I would imagine there's a, a certain degree of pride in seeing Oh Yeah, your troop. It's great. Operate at that level. It's Great. It's, it's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun. I mean, it's, it's probably like being on any high performing like professional sports team where everybody just knows their job.


They're, they're reading each other, they're communicating without even speaking. And it just flows. And everyone's doing all the right things every single time. It's, it's really fun to be a part of. Very humbling. I'll bet, I'll bet it is. Was there ever a point in time where you were, you were the troop commander and you lost one of your guys? No, no. I was, I was on and op where we lost some rangers, but I wasn't the TRO commander on that operation. I, I was the troop commander one, one of my guys got shot, so we had to call in the medevac for that.


But, but no, I, I never lost a man in combat. Had you ever thought about what you would do if you had Sure, sure. You do what needs to be done, you respond. It's the, the, the few times I've been overwhelmed on targets or we had things go wrong where you didn't anticipate it, emotion doesn't really catch up till later is what I noticed. I mean, you, you're in such work mode. We have an incredible way of compartmentalizing emotions and not letting yourself get wrapped into the moment. Even, even when extortion one seven happened, there were moments where I felt incredibly calloused and, and cold and couldn't figure out what was going on.


I even brought in a psych at one point, like, Hey man, is there something wrong with me? Like I'm very, I'm having a hard time. There were moments where grief would just be overwhelming, but then other times where I couldn't even cry if I wanted to, and I thought there was something wrong with me. And he said, no, no, you guys do this really well. You compartmentalize. That's what happens from day one of buds. You learn to compartmentalize emotion, pain, suffering, and, and get the job done. That's what you do. You're on target, you get the job done. You let the emotion catch up later. Does he talk about where that goes? He didn't at the time, and I'm not sure there's one answer. He's talking about where the emotion goes. Yeah. Where does it, I mean, when we compartmentalize. Yeah.


'cause I think, I think I would say the majority of special ops is, is very good at compartmentalization. Yes. And so, but I've never had this conversation and I wonder it myself. Yeah, I don know why I've never had this conversation, but be where does we tuck it away? And sometimes, I mean, it comes back in other ways, but where does it go? I think it needs a release. We like to pretend like with the big joke 'cause Right, you take that, you bottle it up deep down inside and you never let it out. It it, it's impossible. It comes out. It has to, to your point, it comes out manifested in different emotions, I think with men, primarily anger.


I know for me, anger turned to rage. It has to go somewhere. And, and, and so for me, it, it came out as rage and turned me into an unhealthy person at some point. A lot of guys will then cope with that rage by what? Drinking more, medicating more pain meds, whatever, whatever you need to do. Or some other addiction. Right? Adrenaline junkies. Like, there's something that numbs that anger. It's the, I think it's grief turned to anger and then we numb it. And as best we can, until we finally deal with it, hopefully we deal with it. Is there anything that you regret as a leader up to this point?


I like to say I have a lot of regret. I have no guilt. There's always things I would do differently and do better, Especially in our job field, right? We, and as leaders, we are, we are paid to make quick decisions sometimes with imperfect information available to us. And whenever you armchair quarterback those decisions with a much clearer picture from the future, there's always gonna be regrets. I wish I had done this differently. I wish I had thought through that. I wish I had perceived this, but we didn't. And that's the job. We manage risk as best we can with the information that we have available to us.


And we do it as wisely as we possibly can in those moments, understanding that decisions have to be made. So we make 'em. And then you live with the consequences. And that's the burden I think of leadership, especially in our job field, is living with the consequences of imperfect decisions made in imperfect environments by imperfect people that are going to make mistakes, it's gonna happen. That's a burden to bear. That's a tough one. Yeah. Let's move on to Extortion. Yeah. Biggest loss in seal team history still to this day. Yeah. Yeah.


Very strange. That prior to that, red Wings was, and somehow I was directly involved with both. Yeah. That was a tough one, man. It was, you know what people, some people don't realize, I think is that there was a troop. It was the largest life, but loss of life. But that was a third of our entire command. And that's a massive chunk of personality to just be gone like that in an instant. I was up in, in one of our fobs at the point at the time, and we got the word, we were all hanging out and we got the word, Hey, something happened. One of the birds went down. And, and that's not that uncommon, but usually it's one of those like, ah, there was a malfunction.


They crashed, landed. There's a couple broken bones maybe. But you know, like, all right, let's not overreact. These things happen. I think we'd become numb to that, just repetitive. These birds were just very reliable and the pilots are exceptional, so we're gonna be fine. That was the initial feeling I had. I was like, all right, let's see what happened. So I remember going in the, in the jock and standing there, and we hadn't heard anything on the radio. We hadn't heard anything on the radio. And I was waiting to hear Jonas's voice come over the radio. Jonas Kel saw a good friend of mine, and he, he didn't come on the radio. The minute it goes by a minute, it goes by, I'm watching the ISR footage, and you've seen it. People have seen it from the movies, but we're looking at this black heat spot.


And normally you can see the fuselage, you can see the outline of the helo sitting there. And so they're just looking at this black heat spot. And I was like, Hey man, can you zoom out? Like, what are you doing? So zoomed in on this one heat spot, like, God, there's a fire somewhere in the crash site, but like, zoom out and show me the fuselage. Like let's, let's figure out what we're looking at here. And then the guy just looked up at me and said, that's, that's the fuselage. That's the helo. And it was nothing but a heat spot. And it is in that moment. I knew, okay, we lost the entire bird. And then I'm thinking, okay, so then I said, Hey, will you print the manifest for the bird? Normally we would split up into different helo.


Normally there's a lot of reasons for that. But I said, print out the manifest. I wanna understand which half of the troop it was. And then they printed out and handed it to me, and I'm, I'm going down the list. And I said, Hey, no, no, this is, this is the troop roster. I need the manifest. You, you made a mistake. And the guy said, no, sir, that's, that's the manifest. That was who was on the bird. And in that moment I knew, oh my God, it's everybody. It's everybody. And so I, I ran quickly. Everyone else was making decisions. I wasn't into decision making capability here. Other people were, were solving these problems. We were just observing on standby.


And so I ran to the phone and I called my wife and I said, Hey, I need you to hear my voice. I can't tell you what happened, but I need you to hear my voice. And I could hear the quiver in hers. And she said, how bad is it? And I said, it's worse than Danny. And I said, I need you to watch the news, and the minute this thing breaks, you'll know it. And I need you to call my mom and tell her I'm okay. She said, okay. And then we, we began to figure out what to do next and how to process that, which I don don't even know if we ever will. I mean, there's no real way to wrap your head around that kind of a loss. But you try and you have the team, and we're all in solidarity as the team to suffer through this together.


And so we did our best to do that. Here's what I'd offer concepts that I couldn't wrap my head around until this. 31 Americans and seven Afghans, 31, including Bert the dog, FaceTiming with my wife as we're trying to figure out what to do. No one knew how to process this. The command didn't know what to do. No one, there's no plan for this kind of thing. there was even talk of, do we bring these guys home? What do we do here? This is unprecedented. Are they even in an emotionally healthy enough state to stay in the fight? We always talk about staying in the fight. We're never outta the fight. Is that even possible with the gravity of this situation?


And we're all wrestling with that. Of course, none of us wanted to go home. We knew we had to stay for, for our, for our future, for our sanity. We had to stay. We had to see to the end. We had to fulfill our duty. I'm on the a FaceTime call or whatever, Skype it was at the time with my wife. And I'll never forget, I'm, I'm trying to articulate that need, understanding maybe a glimpse of the pain she's enduring. And she just looked at me and said, you stay and you do what you need to do. You finish the task at hand and then you come home to me and I'm, I'll be forever grateful for that. Because then she went to every single funeral and memorial service while we stayed forward to continue the fight. She endured that.


At one point, my daughter, who was really, really young at the time, we try to shield our kids from these horrors. Everyone does. But, but at some point they know something's up. And when our babysitter became a live-in nanny, 'cause my wife's at another funeral and another black dress with, with mascara running again. My daughter asked her, mommy, what? You know, what's going on? These aren't just meetings. I think she was eight at the time maybe. And my wife said, well, sweetheart, you know how daddy and his friends go on helicopters as part of their job. Well, one of those helicopters had a crash. And so daddy's friends got, got hurt. And her first question was, was Mr. Jonas on board?


Because Jonas had previously volunteered to come out and take my place on a deployment so I could come home for that daughter's surgery. So Jonas was very close to our family, and my wife had to say, yes, sweetie, he was. And she said, are they gonna be okay? And my wife answered it like only a war fighter spouse can. She said, no, sweetheart. Their booboos were so bad they had to go to heaven to get fixed. I can't imagine a more perfect way to frame it for an eight year old's mind. So Amy kept going to the funerals and I stayed on deployment and DJ and his boys came out to help.


So there's the DJ small circle again. They came out and took our place in my troop, moved into Jonas's troop location, and we slept in their beds. We packed up their things, walked through their tents with what felt like their lingering ghosts. I mean, it was the eeriest thing, man. Half drank cups of coffee sitting on a desk. Derek Benson's tie shorts on the floor where it looks like he'd probably just changed out to his op kit. I saw on Matt Mason's desk, a letter from his wife, Jessica, printed on a sonogram of their unborn baby. And a note from her to him, it was just these remnants of life that felt like they were still there.


And it felt like they could walk in the door at any moment. But you knew they couldn't and they wouldn't. And trying to reconcile those things in your brain was almost an impossibility. It was. I mean, it was. And I think that was, that was part of the beginnings of those emotions getting bottled and put away, which would later become rage. But we did the best we can. We did the ramp ceremony, two C seventeens That blew my mind. Two C seventeens. And we sent 'em home. And then we got back to work. And this comes back to, this comes back to everything I was talking about earlier, about becoming a monster and choosing not to do monstrous things.


What this was, this was one of the most difficult leadership challenges I've ever faced. Because we wanted revenge. We wanted, I mean, man, we wanted to get after it. there was such rage and anger about the loss, knowing that we all signed up for this. This is part of the deal. How do you, how do you lead that when you see it in yourself? I, I'd offer Brutally honest, there was blood lust. We, we wanted to get after it. So we very much looked at ourselves and realized, Hey, we're not careful here. We'll become the very monsters that we're here fighting And.


if we become the monsters that we're here fighting, then what are we doing other than contributing to chaos? And? if that's the case, then, then there's nothing virtuous about this anymore. And then that defeats the entire point behind everything we're supposed to be doing and everything we're supposed to stand for as Americans. And so we were very deliberate as a troop about bringing in people to help us process these things and say, Hey, help us understand our anger and our rage. Help us understand how to harness that on the battlefield. How to keep that monster bridled and not do the wrong things. Not give into vengeance. Instead look for retribution. And we did it, and all eyes were on us and we did it. And it felt so good.


It was incredibly difficult 'cause you were bridling something that you almost didn't want a bridle. We wanted to let it off the leash. there was a very strong desire to do it, but we held ourselves in check and we, we executed those ops with such precision and stayed within the ethical boundaries of warfare. I've never been more proud of, of, of dudes than I was of what we did following those, those, those that catastrophic loss. Man, that's early. That Is early. It was a rough season, man. And then that wasn't even the beginning. The harder part was coming home.


It was so unhealthy. And it's hard to describe without being embarrassed, because I look back at how hard my heart had become and cruel I'd become. I mentioned the things my wife endured. I mean, she's a fighter. She's a fighter. Winding the clock. What we in bud's, you know, going into Hell, Week, she's giving me a kiss before going to Hell Week goodbye. And she said, if you quit, don't come home to me. I don't want to quit her for a husband. This is the woman that endured these things for our nation. And I come home to her and I found myself having conversations with her and my mom and my dad and my family and my friends. And they'd ask questions.


And I found myself getting angry at their questions and not even wanting to share with them. Because in my mind I thought, you haven't earned the right for me to be vulnerable enough to share my grief with you because you weren't downrange with me because you didn't endure what I did. 'cause you didn't move into their tents and sleep in their beds with their ghosts. So I will withhold that from you. Why don don't know a coping mechanism back to where those emotions go incredibly unhealthy. I mean, it was destroying, it was destroying me. Anger I've heard it said is like taking a poison pill and expecting it to hurt somebody else.


He was destroying me from the inside and thereby destroying my relationships, my relationship with my wife, with my kids. I mean, I already mentioned I wasn't home much already. And now you add to that, that when I am home, I'm angry at her for asking questions. If anyone's earned the right to ask those questions and have those conversations. It was her. But I was isolating myself and ostracizing her in that process. And it took someone intervening. It took someone who saw something and had the courage to say it. And I'll never forget the moment I was home from the deployment and I'm, I'm wrestling with all these things. And he said, Hey man, you have a a rage problem you need to deal with.


And I was very good at not showing it so good that Amy's father was in the room and he said, Brad, Brad's not an angry person. I think you've misread him. And, and he said, no, no, no, I didn't say anger. He said, this is so far past anger. Brad has a rage problem and it's wrath and it's going to tear you up and you need to figure out how to deal with it or, or it's gonna ruin you. Who is this? It was a close family friend of ours. Yeah. He was a doctor actually. He's a doctor. And he was, we were there for an appointment with my wife. And, and now she's, he's doing this appointment. He was very, he's very in tune to emotions. And, and, and he kind of looked over at me, he's like, Hey, you mind if I take a look at you and ask a couple couple questions? I was like, whatever, bro.


So he does. And and he nailed it within five minutes. It was, it was, it was just, he just stripped the veneer right off me. And it was, it was really shortly after that I realized I was not doing everything as well as I'd convinced myself I was. And I was straying from who I wanted to be. I was a very, very good seal officer. I was not a very good husband or father anymore. How could you be? You're absent and you're dealing with dark work, which comes with dark consequences and can actually, I think, damage your soul over time. And I was letting it, I was almost, I was almost becoming like a self martyr.


Like you convince yourself at some point like, well, this is what the nation requires. This is what the war fighter ethos requires. And, if it costs me everything, then so be it. This is the burden I bear. Jonah said that to me once, right before his death. We were, we were talking and he said, you know, he said, as hard as this lifestyle is, he said, I will, I will never leave this command on this. I'm forced to. And I said, well, why? And he said, because I'm addicted to feeling importance. I was like, golly, dude, that's brutal. I feel the same way most of us did. We were so addicted to those feelings and this, this self martyrdom of, of the warrior ethos and what it requires of us that we were willing to do it all and give it all.


And it wasn't until that moment that I was kind of shaken free from it. And I, I kind of had this epiphany of looking forward on my deathbed and I imagined myself there. And I thought, I can't imagine saying I wish I had one more deployment with the boys. I can't imagine saying, I wish I had missed one less Christmas. I wish I had one more tickle fight with the kiddos, one more date night with my wife. And we were at a point now where my daughter I mentioned previously was walking around with a framed picture of me on Christmas holidays and putting it at the seat at the dinner table saying, nobody take daddy's seat. 'cause I'm off on another deployment doing what I felt was my duty.


But I just kept withdrawing money from the bank of my family to keep doing it. And I realized that is no longer a, a a, a tenable solution. I can no longer convince myself that I'm able to do it all. I have to make a decision. When did you realize that? It was, it was, I mean, shortly after being home from extortion and I cycled up to the ops officer job, I left my troop and I was scheduled to stay and kind of keep promoting within the squadron. They had, I think soft slated me to be the executive officer. So I was on the track. And I'll never forget when I had that, it was just that moment I was driving into work and it was just like a, it was just breaking the steering wheel in half as my stomachs and knots knowing that, that I just can't keep doing this.


I can't keep fighting my, myself. And I walked in the CO's office that day and said, Hey, I'm leaving. I, I can't, I've loved this place. I hate to leave it, but I, I'm failing as a husband and father and I don't think I like the dude in the mirror anymore. He's too angry and I need to figure out, I don't know how yet, but I need to figure out how to, how to kill that anger. And don don't think I can do it if I stay here and keep doing this. 'cause it just kept fueling that for me. What was his reaction? He was a pro. He was a pro. He, he didn't skip a beat. He's like, I understand completely for argument's sake, let's talk about what it would take to keep you. I was like, listen, I'm done.


I I'm seriously like, I'm, I'm. And he said, well, what would it take? And I said, don, don't know. Maybe, maybe a training command or something where I could go pour into our next generation and just kind of breathe for a while. Have shore duty maybe, maybe. And that's when they pitched to go out to basic training command buds and take the XO job there wasn't even on my radar. And they said, one of our legends, Jay Hennessy was out there about to take command of it as a bonus command tour. Why don't you go be his xo, he'd love to have you. And I said, Hey, listen, I, no, like, I'm not picking my family up and moving. We're done. Like, we're just done. And this guy was such a pro. He said, I'll tell you what, I want you to take your wife out on a date for the next month, like multiple dates for the next month.


I'm gonna tell everyone you're all in. Don't worry about it in a month. Come back to me And. if you don't, if you have a decision before, then I don't wanna hear about it. I want you to take the full month. And then you come back to me with a decision And. if you tell me you're out, then I'll act surprised. No big deal. I'll tell the detailer and we'll find someone else. Like it'll be okay. But if you're in, well then great. We've paved that path and off you go. It was really good guidance and mentorship because if he was pressing me for an answer, then the answer would've been no. But he gave me that, that runway and we did it. We, we had a couple date nights, and I'll never forget one Saturday morning we brought the kids in and we're sitting there with coffee and we said, well, let's get a family buy-in on this discussion. Like kids, what do you think? Here's what life looks like if we get out, here's what the possibilities look like.


Or we take this move and we go out there and here's what that looks like. And as we went around the horn and got everyone's input, these are little kids, but we wanted to give them buy to the family decision. We all kind of came to the same conclusion about the same time. How do you say no to this? So after a month I came in and said, we're all in Man. How, how much time? When, when is the last time before that you had a month with your family? Never. How did you reintegrate with your family? We did a family cruise, said, Hey, we need to be off the grid. So we, I, I literally found like a travel book.


It was in Afghanistan before I even got home. And I saw this Disney cruise. I was like, Hey, I called home. I'm like, Hey, get the passports for the kids. We're we're doing this thing down to the Caribbean. I don't even know what it's gonna cost and I don't even care. And so I was like, I need to be on a place that my cell phone doesn't work and everyone knows there's no way to get ahold of me. And so that was our first step as a family was we just did that. Went off the grid, had a great time just doing family stuff, snorkeling, dancing jokes, tickle fights, all the good stuff. Was It hard for you to fill that role Again? No. No. Was a full-time dad and husband? No, That was the easy, that was fun because I could tell it was helping and I could tell it was filling me selfishly, of course I was feeling them too.


But the hard parts were these unexpected moments when the anger would come back and I didn't know why. And my instinct was to react to the anger. And it took a long time for me to be able to hang on a second, acknowledge that I just had an emotion. Acknowledge that I had anger and then say, why am I angry? Was it really what my wife just said or what my kid just did? Or is this this deep rooted thing that's coming back at an inopportune moment and are you gonna take this out on them or are you gonna process it? Take a couple deep breaths and realize this has nothing to do with them and for you to react with them would be unfair and cruel. That's a long process to get through that. Wow. Very wise. Yeah. Painful and slow going.


But Yeah, We got there. We're gonna take a break and then we'll get into, into Buds. Perfect. But I do have a question. I'm hesitant to ask it. So kind of no disrespect, but I no Untaken. Why were so many guys on one bird? It's a good question and it's one that everyone asks. So it's a very simple answer and, and I think it's, it's, I give a whole class on it to whoever's interested back in the teams, but, but I think there was a couple things going on at play here. One, there was an over-reliance upon the platform, the 40 sevens.


For years we've been coming back from ops where you see an RRP G sticking out of the side that just hadn't detonated or bullet holes. And there was this growing sense of, I think confidence that these things were just monstrous in the air, like indestructible. So there was an over reliance on the platform. I think that was part of the calculus. Another part of it was a tactical decision because they weren't coming in to rescue the Rangers. There's a lot of people that that have that notion. I think that was in the news at some point. So people jumped on it. But Rangers were doing fine. They were in a troops in contact scenario. They were doing fine. The problem was they were bogged down into troops in contact and the target they were going after was heading north and they weren't gonna be able to get through their contact and get up to to, to snag them up.


So the whole idea was Jonas and the boys were just gonna leapfrog ahead, pin the guy in and then close with and get him. The problem with that was they were in a very constrained environment and the only LZ they could find that would work was a single ship lz. So the thought process was, well, if we come in two ships, first one exposes the lz, now it's a burned LZ and there's already a gun fight going on in the area. The second helo is that much more vulnerable and exposed. That's a lot of risk for that second helo versus we put everyone on one bird touch and go, we're in and out before anyone knows it. Manageable risk and the decision was made. Okay, like I said, right decisions for the right reasons.


Looking back, sure we'd all do something differently, but it made sense at the time. I don't, I agree with the decision at the time with where we were in that time and space. It made sense. But like I've also said, the enemy gets a vote and all took was one dude on one rooftop with a one in a million shot with man Well. Thank you for sharing that. Yeah. Let's Take a break.


How much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every month? The answer, probably a lot more than you think. It's been reported that 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about. I have so many subscriptions to run different parts of my business. It's easy to lose track. Thanks to Rocket Money, I'm no longer wasting my money on the ones I forgot about. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings with Rocket Money, I have full control over my subscriptions and a clear view of my expenses. I can see all of my subscriptions in one place, And, if I see something I don't want Rocket Money can help me cancel it with a few taps. I love how the dashboard shows me this month's spending compared to last month, so I can clearly see my spending habits. Plus they can create a custom budget and help keep your spending on track. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you by up to 20%. All you have to do is submit a picture of your bill and Rocket Money takes care of the rest. Rocket Money has over 5 million user and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/sean. That's rocket money.com/sean rocket money.com/sean.


Today's show is sponsored by Helix sleep.com. Sleep especially as you get older, is critical, especially that deep comforting sleep. Go to Helix sleep.com and take the sleep quiz. I took it and was matched with the midnight Lux Helix knows that everyone's unique, so they have several different mattress models to match based on your body type and sleep preferences. Once you match, your mattress comes right to your door, shipped for free. When you receive your Helix mattress, you'll be amazed at how well you'll sleep. And. if your back needs some extra TLC like mine, you'll love their hybrid design that combines individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. They have a 10 year warranty and financing option. So a great night's sleep is never far away. Helix Sleep is also proud to support our active military service members, veterans, military spouses, and military family members with exclusive discounts on promotions on Helix products. Helix is offering 20% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. For our listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/ss. That's Helix sleep.com/ss. This is their best offer yet and it's not gonna last long with Helix. Better sleep starts now.


All right, Brad, we're back from the break. Just covered some really heavy stuff. Yeah, I appreciate you revisiting that. Welcome. And now we're getting into you transitioning over to BTC, which is essentially bud s Yeah, Correct. That's right, that's right. Yeah. A lot of years in between our last discussion and where I found myself in the summer of 2020, a lot of other leadership development opportunities, but, but this is the meat of what we need to talk about today. So I definitely wanna set the scene for what we were walking into people, people forget what life was like during Covid as we started this whole thing. there was a lot of fear, a lot of uncertainties, a lot of unknowns. All we were seeing was dead people on the news.


That was right at the time. I, I moved out from Hawaii and, and came to BTC and, and took command was that spring summer timeframe of 2020. And, and while most of America was going into teleworking as a norm or 50 50 rotations at at work environments to try to manage the risk of transmission and manage the risk of infection and transmissibility our guidance at BTC from the socom commanding general was trained through this figured out. So without knowing what we're even doing, we, we tried to do just that. And what we, what we did was create a, a rapid learning environment with real time and consistent collaboration with our medical professionals as we tried to wrap our heads around what is this disease?


What is this virus? How does it affect our cohort Young Americans who are in really good shape? And then how do we manage that as leaders to train through this without having something catastrophic happen? This was what we talked about every single day. Real quick. Yeah. So you are the, you are the commanding officer in charge that's right of BTC of BUD training. That's sweat trainings. Yep, that's Right. Naval special. there was a bonus command tour, so I'd already been offered, I'd already successfully completed another commanding officer tour where you have total responsibility of these, of these commands. And what's interesting about this one was what an incredible opportunity because one of the things we kind of blew by, but, but it's, it's worth at least noting that when I left ex the extortion one seven scenario, I went to BTC as the exo under Jay Hennessy and was That would be second in charge.


Yeah, so was number two guy, which was a huge piece for me in learning from, I think one of Ns W's legends. I think he's one of the greatest leaders our community's ever produced as my commanding officer. And my command MAs chief was Steph Bass, one of these tactical legends in our force as well. So I've got these two guys and, and back to what we talked about before, about being completely overwhelmed with the people around you and the level that they're performing to on a normal exo CO tour. You're closer in age, but because that was a bonus tour for him, he was seven years my senior, it was a seven year age gap and experience gap between me as his number two guy and, and him as the co one of the things he did that's worth highlighting because it it, it, it talks, it plays to how I wanted to lead was he completely revised the way we select and assess our candidates at BTC.


What he came to realize was that over time we had overvalued physical performance and undervalued character in our candidates. And it wasn't that we didn't value character, it was that we didn't know how to quantify it and we didn't know how to spot it. And so what we did was say, well let's measure run swims and o courses and what do we say? Well that guy's a stud, so he's probably gonna be a good sealer sw so let's get him through the pipeline. Well there's selection error baked in there because what if he's a physical stud but terrible man of character? And you can find that when you ask around, Hey, did anyone in your buds class have a guy get through that probably shouldn't have. And almost every time you ask that, people nod. So Jay tackled that problem. How do we identify those, those people and select them outta the program?


So we brought in these organizational psychologists at the time, it was hilarious. They're the ones who taught me culture eat strategy for breakfast every day. So they'd go out with our cadre and watch and, and a master chief or a first face cadre would be like, well that guy, that guy's a turd. And then the, the psych would be there and saying, well, okay, what does that mean? Like what, why is he a turd? Well, he's a turd 'cause he sucks. Okay, so that's not helpful. Those are, those are synonymous right now. But let's get what do you seeing that you don't like? Well, he is selfish. Oh, okay. Now we're talking. What makes him selfish? Well, he ducks boat. Okay. Why does that make him selfish? Well, because if he ducks boat, then the rest of the, the boat crew has to carry the weight. You know this. And so he, he had a moment of selfishness at the cost of his teammates.


That's selfish. That sucks. He's a turd. Okay. So they helped us quantify what we saw and we knew kind of intuitively we don't, we don't like when we see that as cadre. Well help me articulate that. Help me quantify it. And now we can group them into these subgroups and decide these are the character attributes we've decided we want in our future teammates need. So, so you guys brought in psychologists to identify characteristics. Absolutely. It was fascinating. Was that your call? It was Jay's call. Jay was the vision. I was the executor. So I helped take his vision and, and put it into practice. And we had whiteboard session after whiteboard session about this stuff with these, with these psychs. It was a lot of fun and it brought us to a place where it was really fascinating.


I'll never forget the first time Jay did it, he, he had to call his commodore up and he said, Hey, I'm, I'm making a decision and I'm writing a check that you may have to cash and com said, well what are you talking about? He goes, I'm about to drop a guy from this program who has not failed one physical evolution yet. That's unheard of. We said, well why? Well, because we integrated in this process peer reviews and feedbacks and 360 degree surveys from both, from both peers and from cadre. And what I'm seeing consistently across this guy's 360 feedback is he's a terrible leader who's incredibly selfish and no one wants to go with, with him into combat. And he's an officer so it makes it even worse 'cause no one wants to follow him in combat him.


So I'm dropping him from the program based off of the character attributes we've identified through our new system. That was one of the first like beta tests, like how's this gonna go? And he did it and it worked and it was justifiable 'cause we had the data to support it. It was revolutionary. Wow. Yeah, it's incredible to be a part of it. So imagine my excitement now. Let's see, that was so 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 years after that tour, I get to come back and build upon what we did back then when he revolutionize this concept. It was thrilling. So exciting to to to dive even more back to understanding humans and being curious about them and what makes 'em tick.


Start observing the culture. Start observing the classes. What's different, what's changed? What are they looking like? What are they doing differently? What are the problems? What's the risk? Where's our blind risk? How do we identify that? All of these things were just, these are the things we wrestled with every single day. Super interesting. We found one of my first observations, this this generation of candidates, we didn't have cell phones we went through, right? And And, if you remember, you knew that tomorrow's schedule at the end of the day, the day before and that was it. You'd show up and you'd get the schedule. So there was a lot of uncertainty baked into our, our, our pipeline back then where you just had to flex to the next day and understand that well we're not gonna know and we just have to move out since then with cell phone generation, with social media, with all these like Reddit threads and, and and signal apps where they can hide their conversations and network that way.


The candidates had mapped out our entire curriculum and knew it down to the T and even had our instructions. And so they knew that traditionally speaking, most of the evolutions we cared about were those run swims and no courses. 'cause those are quantifiable metrics. I could say, Hey, this guy passed or failed. And so they had kind of started working the system against us and hacking it in a sense, you don't blame 'em, right? I mean this is what anyone would do. So I wasn't mad at them, but we had to solve that problem. The first, one of the first real case studies that came up that was really, really interesting and fun first phase came to me and said, Hey sir, we got a problem. We got these guys post Hell Week and one of these guys are doing grinder PTs.


That's where we all do calisthenics on the, the pavement, the grinder where where every frog man starts his journey. He can't do pullups. I said, what do you mean he can't do pullups? He's like, yeah, he's struggling to get like two pullups up during the PT sessions. Oh that's weird. Is he injured? No, well send him to medical. Have him check it out. Do he comes back clean. Okay, he can't do pullups, keep an eye on this. Let's mentor him. Let's put him on a program. He's post Helwig so we're invested in him. Let's, let's see what's going on here. He goes into second phase. Same thing I get from my second phase officer in charge. Hey sir, same thing. This guy's not doing pullups. It's really, really weird. Okay, well how's he doing on the o course? He's crushing it. No big deal, huh? That's weird. He's giving it.


So we say, well let's not jump to conclusions. Let's pulse the peer network. Let's figure out what's going on. So I start grabbing some candidates here and there. Hey, what's going on with your boy that can't do pull-ups? We start pulsing the database where we keep reviews of these guys and we start seeing trend lines of character on this guy about gaming the system. So much so that he even was telling his class, Hey, I don't care what it takes. I'm gonna get through this program. I'm saving myself for the testable evolutions. Even if it brings pain on the class later, you're just gonna have to deal with it. Not exactly the kind of guy we wanna roll with in the teams. So significant character flaws there. So we realized, okay, how long has this been going on?


How many other guys are taking advantage of it? Just not. So obviously this one was right in our face and how do we solve this problem? Back to as leaders, we have to make a decision that will be designed to incentivize or disincentivize a certain behavior, but we need to send a message and we know that they are on these network threads and word spreads like wildfire. So let's send a message. How did you find out they were in these network threats? That's not too hard. Yeah, I mean I'm kind of older you guys in talked about, I'm not great in social media, but I've got young instructors who are up front and they're like, oh sir, here's what's on Reddit. And they start pulling up and showing me, here's what they're saying. No shit. Okay, good to know man. I mean, you know, it's, it's, it's good trade craft.


But we got you. Another thing they were doing, this was, this was a funny one Fridays for whatever reason over our years in our curriculum as it as it evolved in our scheduling and how we sequence it Fridays we had no testable evolutions. It was all just like, like like land portage or running with the boats on your heads down the beach and back, which were traditionally non testable evolutions. Right? It's really interesting though, every Friday morning more so than any other day, you had this huge line at the medical ramp of people that all of a sudden had owies that couldn't participate for an hour or two while they were getting examined by docs. And so they, they'd have time out and they wouldn't have to participate in the evolution while we had 'em checked and assessed and once they're getting a fit fit bowl of fit bill of health, okay, back into the pipe.


But that dude just missed an hour of Lambo but it wasn't testable. So it was very interesting and we started realizing and seeing, once we started looking, we started seeing indications that they had hacked our curriculum and our schedule and we're using it against us. We called those guys the medical ninjas. So we said, okay, well let's, let's insert uncertainty back into the system. Let's put another time. Devolution back onto Friday's schedule. We didn't change the curriculum, we just changed the sequencing of it. Boom. Time devolution on Fridays. Let's see what happens. Oh weird. The ramp shortened less. People started showing up for medical because they realized I gotta be at a testable evolution. 'cause if don don't show up for one of those, there's a higher chance I'm gonna get dropped from training. Ironically, this is what we talked about a little earlier.


What they failed to recognize is the quantifiable, testable evolutions, the run sums and o courses, we really don't care that much about. That's that, okay, you did it. You met a physical standard that's needed. Neat. We actually care much more about watching you under the boat and under the log because that's where we see the true character. That's where we see if you're gonna be a good teammate, if you're gonna be selfless or selfish, my CMC Dave Hanson used to say it. Well when they look at all these studies on how do we select the right guy to come in the program to increase the chances of success through the program And he would always say, this is silly because how do you pre-screen for decisions they haven't made yet? He would say the decision to keep your head under the boat.


You can't predict that that's gonna happen in a moment and it's a small decision a guy will make or a girl will make in that moment to keep their head under the boat when it hurts. Same thing with the shoulder under the log or in any other team evolution we do where we're looking for that team ability piece. Those micro decisions become habits. Those habits become character. That character becomes exactly who we want on our team. Down range. Those are the people we're looking for. And. if candidates are short-changing the system by hacking it to avoid those very evolutions, well don don't know what I'm getting anymore. I can no longer assess for your character attributes 'cause a four mile time runs only gonna tell me so much about you. Neat. You can dig deep and run four miles fast enough on the sand.


It's like the smallest thing that I care about. Yeah, as a co like mildly interesting. At best. I wanna see you perform as a team. I wanna see how you do into the boat. I wanna see even more than the physicality piece. Who's the guy when you're losing the races, that is still cracking jokes in the boat and getting everyone to laugh and suffer well together. I wanna see that guy. I wanna see an officer when they're down and out somehow figure out how to motivate that boat even though they just got dead last and got goon squad. How do you motivate 'em? How do you keep their morale up in the midst of losing and suffering, which nobody likes, pays to be a winner. You know that those are the things we're looking for. And. if the candidates are hacking our system, so I'm not able to even see that, well then they're cheating themselves first off, but they're inserting selection area because I'm no longer getting their accurate picture and I say I our cottage are no longer getting the accurate picture of what, what we need to see out of them.


Wow. Things have definitely evolved over there. It's incredible. It's super fun because you think that it's just plug and play curriculum. Like we said earlier, I would never change a thing in the curriculum for Hell Week, but it's not plug and play. It's the human nuances and how they're navigating through our system. That was the most interesting thing to, to look at and deal with the pull-up guy back to like sending a message incentivizing or disincentivizing the right behavior that we're in the classroom. In second phase. We said, okay, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna walk over there, we're gonna pull 'em out. We're gonna have the entire second phase class on the grinder with pull-up bars ready and I'm gonna have him mount the bar in front of his entire class and we're gonna have him crank out, pull-ups. And I said, what's the minimum number for an enlisted guy to test out of prep and come to Buds?


I can't remember off the top of my head what it is. Let's say it was 11. I said, all right, it's gotta be 11 is the minimum for an enlisted guy to even qualified to get here. I said, okay, you think he's gotta get 12? Maybe. I can't remember for sure, but that's arbitrarily what I looked at. So we said, all right, so we told him what's gonna happen? I said, yeah, I understand you're having a me. You're having a pull up problem. Oh yes sir. I said, okay, we've sent you to medical, you're clear. Yes sir. Okay, what's going on, don? Don't know. I can't explain it. You can only do two pull-ups. Like, Hey dude, I need you to do more. Pull-ups than that. So here's what you're gonna do. You're gonna mount the bar and you're gonna knock 'em out. We'll see, I'm not gonna tell you what number I have in my mind, but you're gonna get to that number. And, if you do, you can continue with your class. Lesson learned. We're gonna fall forward. If you don't get to that number, we're gonna send you back to day one. 'cause you clearly cheated yourself from what this program will develop in you if you pour into it.


And we need to make sure you have those things. And he tried to explain himself away and get out of it. I said, no, I'm out the bar. Knock 'em out. Entire class, entire cadre, all watching. He didn't get to the number. Get back to day one, sent it. It was really, really hard decision to make. It broke my heart. 'cause I really was hoping that he would knock it out. We could all learn and fall forward through this and like, Hey man, don't do that. Don't try to pull that here. This enable special warfare. Nobody gets by in our community by doing the minimum. Absolutely not. That's only everything we've talked about up until now. Being surrounded by high performers who are constantly looking to get better. Not take shortcuts like that. You will not fit in in our community. You are incompatible unless your character's malleable.


So show me it's malleable. I'll send you back to day one and you can show me it's malleable. That's the only time I ever sent a guy back to day one. Every time we've remediated under my command, it was always for a purpose. It was to develop something that was lacking. And you don't do that by going back to day one. But in this case, we needed to, 'cause he had cheated himself and he had cheated our program. Now that said, I pulled him aside numerous times as he went back through and said, Hey, I need you to make sure you know I'm rooting for you. This was not me being malicious. This is me providing you an opportunity because you sure changed yourself. You need to show us that you can do this. And so we mentored him through it. It wasn't just back to positively affirm, right?


And when I saw things that he did, I would positively affirm him in front of his other peers and his cadre. Case in point, this was a great one. He made it back through hell a second time. He's hard as nails. Super hard. Dude, we get back to second phase. He's in the same classroom evolution from the first time where we pulled him out and had him reset. So what we do this time, same thing. Time for redemption. So we pulled him out to the grinder, but this time was different this time. And I told him, I'm gonna mount the bar with you and your second phase OIC C is gonna mount it with you. And we're gonna do pull-ups together, all three of us. 'cause I'm gonna reinforce that whatever we expect of our candidates, we expect of ourselves as cadre as well.


And so the three of us knocked out, pull-ups until we all fell off the bar. It was fantastic. I lost by the way, but I think I still got 20. And then, which wasn't so bad for a 45-year-old dude. But here's the beautiful thing too. He got second, my second phase. OIC got first. And this is a prior enlisted officer who was only a few years younger than me. And it was such a powerful leadership vignette for us to reinforce to everybody the standards, the standard I expected of me, as I expected of you, I'm willing to humiliate myself and lose. 'cause the value is in the effort and the value is in showing that I hold myself to the standard still.


And you got to see as a young buck, there's still older dudes who are beat down. I've had surgeries and are still gonna beat you. So stay hungry, never stop. It was an incredible moment. Full circle. Wow. He made it. No, he didn't. He didn't. Turns out his character hadn't really developed that much. He was super tragic. He, he actually, he developed a little bit more. We had some more wins with him over the time and in the end it wasn't enough. And I had to drop him from training near the end. It was really heartbreaking for me because more than anyone else, I poured time and energy into this guy. I wrote sit reps about him like they were going to like, like the Senate was asking questions about how you guys assess and select for character.


We were using him as a vignette to to show, hey, this is a human experiment to see how malleable character can be. And he made gains but not enough. And in the end we ended up dropping him. And I'm thankful we did. We dodged a bullet. He exposed himself, and we'll get to this in a little bit. He's one of the ones that wrote false testimony about me and my command in the later investigation. And I, I've since filed allegations of perjury against him for doing so because I have his written testimony from before and what he wrote, which completely contradict each other. So knowingly lied out of vindictiveness because he didn't make it through our program, is my assumption. Good thing he's not in the teams. Yeah, no kidding.


You just say the Senate is, I mean, how involved is the Senate in Congress? In in training, We get RFIs all the time. Requests for information all the time. All the time. Why? And people are interested in buds. People are interested in what we do. I'd offer beyond even that. When Wyman Howard took now retired, Admiral Howard took command of war com, he drove really hard this idea of cognitive character and leadership attributes. And he, he was really pressing in on how we select and assess at the training level and all the way into serious and significant leadership opportunities down the road. So this was one of his, like this was his baby he was running out with.


And so that provoked questions and people saying, well what are you guys doing? And how are you doing it? Which trickles down to us. How are you doing it at at the base level, right at the beginning where it starts. So we, we were constantly entertaining questions and even key leader engagements where people would come and and want to know what are you looking for and how do you look for it? How do you select and assess for these things and how do you make those decisions? Every decision we made on a candidate, whether they state, or, or, or, or or were kicked out of our program was incredibly methodical and deliberate. We did a phase board where they looked at all the data and information available and made a recommendation. Then an independent training board convened different people now to look at the same problem to make sure reducing any kind of bias that might be just baked into the system.


Then both of those independent boards had come to me with their recommendations and I would make an independent decision based off of all of that. And even at that point we'd bring the dude in and let him speak for himself. Hey man, wow. Walk me through your thought process. Why'd you fail here? What happened? Are you worthy of another shot or not? Here's the recommendations I have. It was easy when they both agreed Drop. Drop, okay. Usually pretty easy. It got difficult when one wanted to keep 'em, one wanted to drop 'em and I had to arbitrate and make the ultimate decision. But context always matters. And we looked at every single candidate independently of the others and assessed who you are as a person. What are the character attributes? And are you trainable? Are you malleable? Are you someone who has potential to be who we want you to be?


Who we need you to be? Every single one context always matters. Wow, that's, I didn't realize how much oversight there is or, or how involved the government is, Congress, the Senate, all that. That's fascinating to hear about. People Are very interested in buds 'cause it's like we've talked about. It's interesting. You see some fascinating things there. This was also where, Going back to my discussions about Jordan Peterson's concept of of becoming a monster who chooses not to do monstrous things, this became very important for me as training officer. As we sat down and looked at our curriculum and said, Hey, if all we're doing is teaching capability by executing our curriculum, then we're potentially making a bunch of monsters.


We are producing monsters. That's a lot of risk. How do we teach those monsters now not to be monstrous? How do we teach them that the capability we're giving them by teaching 'em to shoot movement, communicate the need to bridle that and pull it back and show restraint. We use things like ed buyer's medal of honor citation to talk about that. A man who can turn it up and turn it down at a moment's notice, who can show lethality and restraint and tender care all within about a ten second period. That's what we expect in Naval special warfare. We started having our instructors press in and mentor and have discussions about what they'd seen in difficult decisions and what it means to be a seal or swic. Not just what it means to be a capable operator. That's easy.


We can teach almost anyone to be an operator. How do we teach you to be what our nation expects and needs us to be? How do you live up to our predecessors expectations of us? Those who handed us the baton, those who built this community from when it started and handed it off to us. We've made it better. How do we guarantee you'll make it better when we give it to you? These are the things we talked about all the time. All the time. And whenever we would see someone positively do something that helped in that realm, we would re, we would reaffirm them and reinforce, this is precisely what we're looking for. Open all hands calls, giving out commanders, coins or even awards to guys, this is exactly what we're looking for. You are exactly who we're looking for. Small things, small things.


One gate guard stopped a Chinese foreign national from wandering in the, in the, in the back beach gate. You remember the old beach gate? Small thing. But he had the courage to like, Hey, hang on a second. What's going on here? Who are you? And you know, that's like an awkward scenario. Like someone walks in like they know what they're doing. It takes a little bit of courage to kinda step forward and and ask a question. Especially as a buds candidate who's like, you're just afraid you, you're afraid of pissing off the wrong person. This dude had the courage to do it. Pulled this person aside, ended up detaining him, brought mps, arrested her everything, had a Chinese passport. Like dude, that was fantastic. Wow, good for you. 18-year-old sailor. So we pulled that dude up in front of everybody. Commander's coin, this is exactly the kind of person we need as teammates that has the courage to do something like that.


don don't know if he made it or not, but like those are the little things we were looking to affirm to show people. That's a small example. We've got hundreds of them out there. But a lot of fun to start dialing in those attributes and then positively reinforcing what we were looking for. Man, that's great thinking. Was that happening before you arrived? It's tough to say. I think I think it depends is probably the answer. I don't know how yes and no. I think every co that's important to them. How they tackle the problem is probably different. And how we execute getting after those things. My predecessor turned over a great command to me for sure, for sure. But, but like anyone, we always look to take what the guy did before us and make it better. And I hope that's what we all aspire to do and do.


Doesn't mean they were not running a great command. It just means, yeah, I'm building off of the legacy you left me and I hope that the guy behind me does even better. How did you deal with the whole Covid situation? Hmm. Man, that was incredibly difficult. We were, like I said, nonstop learning environment policies and admin nav admins were coming out that were directing us to do things in a certain way, which were foolish. For instance, you know, mask policies. Alright, everyone has to wear masks. No questions. Okay. I'm down at the pool and I see our entire class of 200 candidates get in the water 'cause they mess something up. So they get in the water, get wet, they get out, they get in formation to run to the next evolution.


They all pull out wet white cotton masks, put 'em on and start running aspirating moisture into their lungs as they run. I'm like, you've gotta be freaking kidding me. Like we are gonna get kids like with pneumonia long before Covid is a problem here because we're doing something that makes absolutely zero sense in our training environment. So immediately we're running waivers up the chain of command. Hey, we need a mask waiver policy. This is not gonna work here. If we're gonna continue training close contacts, hey, follow the CDC guidance. Okay, well then if I follow the CDC guidance and this guy gets covid, the entire class is a close contact, well can you isolate them? No, everything is based upon teamwork under the boat together, under the log together.


We can't isolate 'em from each other. So we were constantly having to figure out how to navigate policies for the masses, which didn't apply to what we were doing. And in direct conflict with how do you train through covid when the policies are keeping you from doing it. We were seeing strange things like, well, even once we reduce down to okay, we will, we'll we'll determine what a close contact is, which is a little different and we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll we'll find some common ground there to at least be able to train through this. But then close contacts would get pulled and because of all the, the, the weird decision making that was going on, this guy would test negative, but then they would say, well yeah, but he's presumed positive because he was a close contact. Okay, but he's had no symptoms.


He wants to keep training and he tested negative, but he just happened to be in the same room as the other guy. I mean, you tell me I can't train him. Well yeah, 'cause he's presumed positive. So the whole narrative like follow the science, like, well you're actually telling me to go opposite of what the science is showing. He's pretty clean And. if he starts to show symptoms, we can pull him then. But, but everything was about trying to reduce that transmissibility, but we weren't seeing a lot of it. We weren't seeing a lot of it. The classes were managing it well, even when we'd have outbreaks, like they managed it, well, not a lot of these guys were really going down hard. Every once in a while you'd have one. But we were just constantly chasing our tails on trying to navigate through the policies with exceptions to policy and waivers. Yet sometimes I'd pull a guy, have to pull him.


We did a massive administrative report on why we had to pull him all by their policy. So it's like, I'm following your policy and I have to justify to you how I'm following your policy and why I'm following your policy. In the meantime, he can't train. And there's a certain amount of time where if he exceeds that time outta training, while we're waiting for the waiver or the exception to come through, it's too late. And now we gotta roll him again. And you and I both know, every time you roll a guy in training, especially pre Hell, Week decreases his chances for success. He's there that much longer, that much more beat down, that much more depressed, that much more probability of having an injury or something like that. So statistically speaking, you significantly reduce success every time you have to roll a guy.


There's the, there's the anomalies. One guy, one guy was, I felt so bad for this dude, hard his nails, he got rolled I, think it was two times the Friday before Hell Week. So he goes through first phase all the way to the Friday before his roommate pops positive for Covid. So we had to roll him. So he's sitting up in the building watching his class do breakout almost there. So I roll him back to day one, bomber starts over, gets all the way there. We do another a covid test right before Hell Week starts, he pops positive. He has no symptoms, feels great. He's like, sir, I'm not covid positive. All the signs are starting to show that might be just dead cells sloughing off at the time.


So we were like, Hey, let's run a waver. Let's see if we can get him into hell. We denied. Nope, roll him. Okay, sorry dude, roll him back to day one. Third time's the charm. He did it. He made it through and graduated hard as nails. Like, oh man, total stud. But that's an anomaly. Like that's, you know, that's not normal. Yeah, that's not normal. Now I love those dudes and they're like, they're the best. You're like, gally, dude. Like I can learn just watching how, how tough you are, but you can't expect that of everyone. And so I know we were losing, we were losing candidates regularly because of this, this cycle of roles we had to endure. How long did that last Before it kind of went back to normal?


My whole tour. The whole tour. The whole tour. And there were other variables we, we really pressed in and were looking at this attrition problem. We, we dove in hard. I even predicted it early on to some degree. Not to the degree we saw, but we, we, I mentioned minibus earlier. We had to do a virtual cyber SOAs. It was called the Seal Officer Assessment and selection, where we wanted to bring these guys out and watch 'em in person before we selected that officer cohort. But we had to do it virtually because it got shut down for covid. So we, we sat in the room and I said, Hey, everyone recognizes this officer cohort. We're baking in selection error right now, which means we're gonna pick the wrong guys. 'cause we haven't seen 'em here.


We don't know what they really are, how they do under the boat as a leader. That means we're gonna have higher attrition this year in our officer of cohort, which you and I both know, whenever you have that, when a leader quits can, other, other people will follow every single time. There's always a surge of followers when they're, when one of the leaders of a, of a class quits. And so statistically and anecdotally, we know that if more officers are gonna quit more less, they're gonna quit. Which means we're gonna have higher attrition this coming season. I said that a month into my commanding officer tour and everyone in the room nodded thumbs up. We agree. Makes sense. Okay. So we know what we're buying. You've mentioned this at attrition problem. Yeah, a couple different times now. It it, I mean was it, was the attrition rate going up?


Oh yeah, it was, yeah. Yeah. Our numbers were starting to climb as far as our, our attrition numbers were climbing, which is the same thing as saying our success was, was on a downward spiral. So I think when me and you around that timeframe went through buds, what was like, what, 85% attrition, Attrition rate. Generally they will say anywhere between 20 to 30% success on average. Some higher, some lower. But, but that's generally over the 50 year span we've been doing this that is generally what you can expect in any kind of given year of average. So What had it re increased to? It's a great question. It depends.


I will wait to get into that for our next session because that's a relevant piece that we need to talk about. What I'd offer is that problem, the attrition problem got conflated inappropriately with, with Kyle Mullen's death later. And people started looking at it and then Disingenuously looking at the data and making decisions about causality that if you, if you broke it down into the actual variables and looked at it holistically, you would see what I'm gonna show you. But they went with the simple solution of aha attrition was higher when you were there, therefore that means you guys must have just been indiscriminately ramping up training, which increases risk, which is directly related to wild cow and died, which is just not true.


The facts actually show completely otherwise. But, but that's the easy narrative. And we'll talk about that here in a little bit, a little more. Do you wanna talk about risk management for a little bit? Yeah, that's a great question. Yeah, I do. Thank you. Not, it's not a question, but I guess it is. Risk management. One of the biggest challenges in any organization I've found with risk management is complacency and the risk of complacency. And especially when you're talking about a repeatable curriculum where we're, we're cutting and pasting every seven weeks, a new class and we're executing the same curriculum. That can be very boring as it's repetitive and boring work breeds complacency because, 'cause people get lazy and realize I can do this.


I've done it a million times. So this comes back to the human element. And we talked about this with our cadre all the time on the curriculum's, the curriculum, that that's the easy part of what we do. How do you develop their character? How do you talk about attributes? How do you look for and tease out and reaffirm or, or, or affirm what we want and, and then show people this is also not what we want. Back to incentivizing and disincentivizing. That's the fun part. The other fun part is where are we accepting blind risk? Where we didn't quite realize it because we're just doing something on repeat and not thinking through it. I would always ask my officers, Hey, how many of you ever printed out an old ORM sheet operational risk management sheet and just cut and pasted the last guy's work, maybe changed a few variables, put your name on it and then pushed it up the chain to get signed.


Because, because you now convinced somebody that what was once high risk is now medium risk and you didn't really think about it much. It became a paperwork drill, it became an approval process drill. Every time I ask that question, every single hand comes up in a non-disclosure environment where, where, where people aren't be held accountable to that. I said, yeah, I know that happens. That's human nature. Oftentimes. What was a good idea, when we turn into a military process or procedure, it can subvert the very idea that was so good in the beginning. Great, let's talk about risk. Let's quantify it. Let's figure out how to think about it. Let's think about how to mitigate it is the term that, that we use in the military. But then what it turns into is people that are like, golly, this is just another drill.


I've gotta print sign, stamp this thing and move on so I can actually go do my job. And so you, you, you end up creating complacency and blind risk in doing that. You're no longer thinking about risk. You've actually disincentivized them thinking about risk. I'd offer even worse, even worse, this notion of mitigating risk. I would talk to my officers all the time and say, I don't like the term mitigating risk. 'cause it implies that you took something high risk and made it medium risk. We're taking these candidates off the street a couple months ago, they were civilians and we're putting 'em through some of the most physically arduous training in the world. What's not high risk about that? In what world do we live in that you can convince me that you mitigated that down to medium risk?


Absolutely not. It's high risk. It's always high risk. I don't wanna hear you talk about mitigating it or buying it down. I think those are foolish notions and they breed more complacency and blind risk. Instead, I wanna hear you convince me why you can manage such high risk, how you manage such high risk because you're such professionals, because you've done your emergency procedures, because you're coordinating and collaborating with metal. Because you have the conversation with me about how you manage risk effectively, not mitigate or, or buy it down for me. You didn't buy down my risk. You didn't buy down any of this risk. It's still high risk. And I'd offer even more than that. I, I read a book about this years ago and I've, I've used it in almost every tour I've had. So it's that, since then, back to the, the, the slide for life example we talked about earlier at breakfast.


So for the, for the audience out there, our obstacle course includes a slide for life. It's a series of platforms where you climb up and you're about 30 feet off the deck and there's this rope that comes down and candidates have to inchworm their way down the rope hanging from it. And by the time they get there, they're forums are smoked. So at some point, every once in a while someone's forearms give out and they, they long dart head first into the sand and it's a catastrophic injury. It's very, very rare, but when it happens, it's catastrophic. So at some point someone said, let's mitigate this risk. Let's buy down this risk. Okay, so they put a knit net below the, the the rope. So yes, you, you bought down some risk in, in a, in in a sense in theory. But what ended up happening was, as we discussed, more people started falling.


So we increased the rate of failure. And so what we learned there was, as an organization and the effort to buy down risk, all we really did was transfer it somewhere else because now the candidates weren't able to push themselves past what they thought was their perceived failure. They just fell because we provided them the net. So I think I'm tired, so I fell. Whereas before Moore would say, I think I'm tired, but oh, it turns out my life's at stake. I have a little bit more in the tank. I guess I can go further than I thought. So we drove human performance, which ends up helping us manage risk later versus if we try to mitigate it right now with a safety measure that, that that sabotages our desire to build human performance, well that just gets deferred later and we'll see it somewhere else, but it'll be impossible to draw causality back to the snet.


But we know philosophically, yeah, that's a risk right there. The net instead of mitigating risk actually increases risk because now I don't know where it's gonna go, but it's gonna go somewhere and we will see it manifest later. It's a small example. You have to be careful not to make it bigger, but philosophically it's indicative of, of what could become a systemic problem in an organization. If we become so safety conscious in this and consumed with mitigating risk that we're actually just deferring it to somewhere else. For someone else, I would offer, as we did with the slide for life, sometimes you have to be careful here, you can't be reckless. But sometimes it's more appropriate to deliberately increase risk in order to drive human performance to therefore manage risk better.


And that's what we see in a micro example of the slide for life. And I can give you a hundred other examples operationally where that absolutely makes sense. Makes sense to me. It's tough though. Yeah. 'cause no one likes to see a guy fall and we all wanna put a measure in place to prevent that from ever happening, because that should never happen. Yeah. It's terrible. It's tragic. Was it, is this, is this, I mean, how long has this been happening about? I mean, how long did we go without a net? I mean ages, you know, and, and tha we, we don't have it anymore. This happened years and years and years ago. And thankfully took the net away. The leaders were in charge at the time, predated me by far. Said, Hey, we're not doing a net because we see what's going on and we don't want that.


So take the net out. So it was only there for a short season. Thankfully those people at that time had the, the ability to recognize what was going on. Now I may be putting words in their mouth, I wasn't there, but, but it's a great example. That is absolutely true. Were are there other examples of trying to mitigate risk by Sure. When Did this all start happening, I guess is what I'm, well I think it's American society, right? It, it's this, it's this safety conscious society. I'll give you, I'll give you a real world example. I did a hostage rescue blowout where we jumped out of a C 17 into the Indian Ocean, Indian Ocean with boats, got on board the USS enterprise, like the most insane high risk thing in the world on the enterprise.


My old friend was a Hornet pilot at the time. So we're walking around, he's showing me his jet pilot. We were like academy roommates from back in the day. He showing me his jet with his name on it. I'm like, wow, this is amazing. I'm showing him our boats. We're climbing up in our boats and we finish up and I jump off the boat like maybe from like, I mean maybe a little higher than this chair to the ground. Just, just hop off the boat onto the ground. And he gasps like, you know, 'cause 'cause we're out on the deck of the enterprise and the, and the the flag towers right over here. And I was like, what just happened, dude? He goes, I guarantee you every single officer up there is watching us right now. And they all just about had a heart attack when you jumped off to the deck. I'm like, did you see us jump out of the sky a couple hours ago?


Like, what was so bad about what I just did? He's like, it's hard to explain, but safety conscious, you know, risk mitigation. Like, like we can't do those kinds of things here. They will, they will. Absolutely. He's like, you'll probably not get talked to 'cause they know who you guys are. But like, if I did something like that, he's like, oh, standby man. I'm like, you are you serious? You launch and recover your super hornet on this deck and they, they get nervous when you jump four feet onto the deck. Why? don don't know. I mean, those are interesting kind of cultural insights into society and our, our this, this obsession we kind of have right now. I'm speaking generally of course, but this obsession we have with making things safe.


Safe. When did you notice, I mean, was this happening on a smaller scale when, when we were going through training? I don't think so. When did you notice it? I, I mean moments like that, like halfway through my career, you start seeing things, you're like, huh, that's weird. I mean, I'm all about managing risk and I'm all about doing incredibly dangerous things, doing them well and reliably well. But, but, but back to like safety, like, ah, there, I think we've abused that word. I think it's a good thing to try to be safe, I guess. But I think we've abused it so much that it's become this dirty concept of, of no man there.


You don't get both worlds to some degree. You don't get to build seals and sws and war fighters and, and super hornet pilots and expect 'em to go do this incredibly difficult high risk stuff by saying we're gonna be so safety conscious that we're gonna mitigate and buy down risk to zero. 'cause back to my philosophical point, no, you're just deferring it to somewhere else. Wow. Now I'm not saying be reckless and that's why we have to be careful. It's not, it's not a pendulum. It's not one way or another. Jumping Four feet off a chair isn't reckless. Yeah. I, I I mean I've seen parents that act like this with, with their kids and you see what their kids turn out to be. It's, well, We're seeing Fucking disaster. Speaking of kids, we see that, we see that all over the place now. Right? Like, don't climb that tree.


That's, that's not safe. What? Or or like if it's on city property, God forbid, you know, you know, I put a zip line on our front driveway across the sidewalk between two trees and kids are out there having a great time city came by like, ah, it's too much liability. Somebody could get hurt. This is not safe. We need you to take it down. What? Whoa, I mean, I I kind of understand from a legal perspective, but if we're letting lawyers inform our decisions to the point where we're, where they're trying to buy down legal risk, I understand, but that is a piece of advice that decision makers should, should consider when making decisions. But for God's sakes, like let kids climb trees, some of 'em are gonna fall.


Yeah. Some of we're gonna break an arm every once in a while. Pain is a powerful teacher. And what you gain from those experiences, they will learn way better than, than you teaching them about climbing a tree but not letting 'em do it. Wow. don don't know. I just don don't know what to say to that. I think it's a problem. Yeah, I think you're right. But, well, I don't want to go too much farther in unless there's something else you want to cover. I know we, we gotta get the attorneys in here. Yeah. Before we, we we get into Kyle Mullen and everything that happened after that. Yeah, I think that's, I think that's the majority of it.


I think that's the root of it. That's probably a good pause point for us to bring them in and, and take it to the next level of discussion. Perfect. Yeah, let's take a break.


Great. I wanna give a big thank you out right now to all the Vigilance Elite patrons out there that are watching the show right now. Just wanna say thank you guys. You are our top supporters and you're what makes this show actually happen. If you're not on Vigilance Elite Patron, I want to tell you a little bit about what's going on in there. So we do a little bit of everything. There's plenty of behind the scenes content from the actual Shawn Ryan Show on top of that, basically what I do is I take a lot of the questions that I get from you guys or the patrons and then I turn 'em into videos. So we get, right now there's a lot of concern about self-defense, home defense crimes on the rise all throughout the country, actually all throughout the world. And so we talk about everything from how to prep your home, how to clear your home, how to get familiar with a firearm, both rifle and pistol for beginners and advanced. We talk about mindset, we talk about defensive driving. We have an end of the month live chat that I'm on at the end of every month where we can talk about whatever topics you guys have. It's actually done on Zoom. You might enjoy it, check it out, And. if Zoom's not your thing or you don't like live chats, like I said, there's a library of well over a hundred videos on where to start with prepping all the firearm stuff. Pretty much anything you can think of, it's on there. So anyways, go to www dot Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite or just go in the link in the description. It'll take you right there And, if you don't want to and you just want to continue to watch the show, that's fine too. I appreciate it. Either way. Love you all. Let's get back to the show. Thank you.


Alright Brad, we're back from the break. We're gonna get into Kyle Mullen's death and all the controversy and everything that's happening around and encompassing that. And I realize it's a very sensitive subject. So you brought your attorneys on. I'll introduce them real quick. If you guys wanna give us some background on yourself, that'd be great. Jason Warren, wear em. Wear em. Yeah, so I was a Marine Corps judge advocate for many, many years. Probably 12 active in total. And I've since transitioned into civilian practice where I take primarily military, criminal and national security cases.


And Davis Youngst, youngst Yas. Yeah. So I was in law school when nine 11 happened, so I was a true believer back then. So I joined the Air Force, applied to the JAG Corps, did that active duty for 11 years. Prosecutor, defense counsel. Last job, I was chief of the military justice division at the Air Force Jag School. Left active duty after I'd kind of done every job I wanted to do and did the reserve thing. So I did guard for a couple years and then retired as a lieutenant colonel from Air Force Reserve in December of 2022. Thank you. Thank you. Alright, Brad, why this happened a couple years ago. And so my question is, why are you just now kind of coming out about this?


Yeah, It's a good question. It's been almost two and a half years since Kyle died. And in some ways, enough is enough. It's time for the truth to come out. When I first started taking steps toward this, not knowing where it would take us, I wrote what I stand to gain in this. I don't want what I stand to lose, I desperately wish to keep. And what I meant by that is tried to articulate the risk of, of someone who's active duty in the special operations community coming forward into the public eye. As you know, one of our tenants is a quiet professional. And so I risk a lot here. I risk a lot to come forward no matter what my reasons are.


I think there will be people within my community that misinterpret those and or look poorly upon this decision. But, but to me, it's worth coming out for if I waited until it was all done, if I waited until it was out of the Navy to then come forward, well then there's no risk to me. But then people might argue, well, that's totally self-serving, then you're just trying to get in the limelight. We talked about it earlier with Buds 2 34. We were thrust into the limelight then didn't want it. I've been thrust into the limelight now. I didn't want it by coming forward. Now while I'm still active duty, I'm, I'm risking a lot. I'm risking a lot. And so what are you risking? Well, it's a great question. There's a very, there's a very thin razor's edge to what an active duty service member can do in the public press.


We have the freedom of speech, but there are left and right constraints that keep us very, very tight. And we volunteer for that. You know, I'm a volunteer in the United States arm armed forces, but that gives us very l tight left and right lane ropes to stay within, which is why I've got two lawyers on, on either side to help, help make sure I stay there. I'll balance between both of them here as we go. So there's a lot of risk that I misstep, especially in an interview like this, where it's very freeform, very long duration. It's a tell wall, how do I tell all without walking myself into more trouble, more reprisal? And that's, that's the terrain I'm trying to navigate. But I think the topic is big enough and worthy enough of that risk.


The other day I was talking with a retired master chief and, and above him was a trident on the wall. And it said quiet professional. And he asked, Hey, how you doing? I said, ah, you know, highs and lows, keeping my head above water. I said, I'm about to violate that principle again. I said, I know how a lot of our community feels about that. They, they've expressed that to me already and this is gonna be bigger. And he paused and he looked at me and he said, yeah, but they picked a fight with you and we never backed down from a fight. I said, that's a good point. When we have two conflicting principles, quiet, professional or, or, or never backing down from a fight or never being out of a fight, at some point we have to prioritize those principles into a hierarchy and sometimes compromise one for the other.


And I think it's appropriate for me to compromise being a silent professional right now, even though I've shown a career of being in the shadows and quiet for why we're going to come forward and what we're gonna say. It's important and it's been suppressed. And that's been an injustice, not just for the Mullen family, for my cadre who were vilified, for medical professionals who were vilified. And for me personally in my family. And enough's enough, two and a half years is, is is a long time. If I frame it this way, if if, I mean been an operator, if someone dropped you off in the Kal Valley, one of the most dangerous valleys in the history of Afghanistan without any weapons and a small team behind you without any weapons, said, Hey, good luck to you.


Do your best here. Trust the process. But by the way, don't pick up that one gun that's over there. You, you can't, you can do anything but use that and we're gonna culturally pressure you not to use that gun. And that gun was the media, that was the press that was these kinds of forums. Well, you're gonna pick up that gun pretty fast to defend the people that are entrusted to your care. That's what I'm doing. I'm picking up a weapon that is typically not looked highly upon within the United States military. And I did it begrudgingly, but I did it because I was thrust in this battlefield and never wanted to be here. So, okay, let's fight What specifically, I mean, we had, we had spoken at breakfast. What specifically do you stand, could you possibly lose by coming out about this and exposing?


Well, I mean, anything's on the table. They could take me to a Trident review board and try to take my seal bird. They could convene an administrative board and try to take some of my pension, my retirement, and they could try to demote me there. There's, there's really the sky's the limit. And it's all, it could be subjective based upon someone's interpretation of did I cross lines here? And there are some people, like I said, that would argue simply by being here, I've crossed lines. And so there may be people that hunt for those reasons. I'm willing to risk it. Do you have any hints of those type of repercussions? Not well, I have hints of reprisals, yes. Not even hints. I have evidence of reprisal as far as specifically because I went to the press.


Tough to say. I I I'd be speculating if I try to draw a causal line there, but yeah. What are you hoping to accomplish outta this interview? I'm hoping to correct the truth record, and I'm hoping that we can right some wrongs because what I have noticed is that when an untruth is allowed to perpetuate even at a very small level and even for the right reasons, seemingly at first it can grow into something that is manifested later as institutional deception. And that can rot the organization from the inside out. When we say we have principles like honor, courage, and commitment, when we say things like the seal ethos matter, well then they have to matter. And the principles as were founded upon, we have to adhere to when we don't, well then the, the very symbol that's supposed to represent those values and those principles becomes cheap, stamped metal, something you can just buy.


I won't tolerate that and I won't tolerate people entrusted to my care being vilified due to lies due to untruths. Is there, is there a target audience that you're trying to reach Specifically? Yes. We are trying to gain congressional momentum and, and we need Congress to exercise its authority of the United States Navy and mandate punitive letters of reprimand and, and other measures that they see fit to correct wrongs that were perpetuated by senior people. We are trying to do that by appealing to their constituents.


And so our hope coming out of this is that people hear this message are rightly frustrated with it because, and we'll get to this in a minute, the US taxpayer is now a stakeholder in this story. I know we've watched it from a distance as the American public and we've been interested in the news and it, it's interesting. SEAL scandals are interesting, but they are now stakeholders. They should care. And we will get to why in a little bit here. So if they hear this message and they decide they care enough, we're hoping they contact their congressman and their senators and then they can start pressuring United States Navy to start owning up to, to what needs to happen here. We'll try to get it there. Let's start, let's just start with the day Kyle died. Yeah.


How did you hear about it? What was the experience? Heavy day. Heavy day, as we discussed, I've lost a lot of friends in combat, but none necessarily under my command or under my leadership. Let me start with, in the United States Navy, a commanding officer except total responsibility for his role command. And and I absolutely do that. I accept total responsibility for my time at BTC with that is a, the heavy burden of when we lose a life that happened on my watch. So, so the way it happened, we, we finished Hell Week, actually, let me rewind the clock just a little bit. We started, I've talked to you about some of our struggles through covid administrative policy procedures.


We started hearing rumors a couple weeks before Kyle died of, of potential performance enhancing drugs going on in the candidate population. This has been a problem really in any, any industry that values physical performance. You see it in the professional sports industry all the time. We saw this at bud s before I was there as an exo In fact. I I showed up right after a recent steroid scandal broke. And really since then, so now for over a decade we've been asking as naval special warfare for authorities and resources to test for performance enhancing drugs. The normal urinalysis that we test for drugs doesn't screen for these things. It does the normal, the street drugs, the heroin, meth, coke, all those things.


And so while peds have been prohibited as a policy, we never had the mechanisms to actually reinforce it with a deterrent test. All we really had was tough talk. Don't do this, you better not do it. And educational piece, we would educate the candidates on this is why this is unhealthy for you. We would always take it to another level too. We made every single candidate came to Bud s or SWIC school, sign an agreement that you're not gonna do any of these things. Every single candidate signs it and I sign every single one as well. So we have those on file. It's a written agreement. It's kind of silly because you shouldn't need to have a written agreement about what's already prohibited and, and you shouldn't be doing in the United States Navy anyway, but we did it. We want that extra step to, to make sure these, these people know, Hey, this is not healthy here.


When we are putting you through what we're about to put you through, we need to understand the full clinical picture of what's going on inside your body. Because we might have a medical emergency and our corpsmen are some of the best in the world, and our doctors are absolutely phenomenal. But if they don't understand what's going on and what's chemically inside your body, they might treat you with something which could contraindicate what they're actually trying to solve and create even more problems. This is a huge risk for what we're about to put you through. You don't need anything other than good clean chow, icing your knees and hydrate, just like you and I were taught back in the day. So when we started hearing indications that there might be some peds going on, there were just rumors. And like I've kind of talked to you a little bit about, we hear rumors all the time. That doesn't mean you, you, you have to act yet.


You have to figure out, well, what's the scope of the problem? What are we really looking at here? So we started pressing in, trying to figure that out. We had meetings, Hey, we have their rooms. We searched the rooms all the time. We don't really find much. But back to this generation, understanding how to be a little bit more crafty on some things. They probably have some other avenues. I asked, can we search vehicles? Because as of now, we hadn't been allowed to. And we suspected if they're bringing these things onto the base, they're probably hiding 'em in their vehicles. Legal advisors at the time told us, no, you can't do that. I've since found out that's incorrect advice. We can actually inspect vehicles we cannot search. It's a bit of a semantics issue.


But we were never advised of that. We were just told, no, you can't. So we said, all right, well let's bring in drug sniffing dogs because even though we found out they don't really, they can't detect these types of drugs, well that's at least a deterrent value to show the candidates. We mean business about this stuff. And, and we're on the prowl. We even entertained the idea of bringing in a recent graduate, reinserting him in the pipeline as a student slash spy and having him blow out the network and figure out where they're getting these things, how they're getting it, and how we could actually get after their supply chain and, and add more deterrent value. So we were Was that ever implemented? No, no. We, we were, we were, we were discussing all those things with legal advice.


So this really was a problem. Yes. And, if you're going to Yeah. Measures to insert a spy. I mean, yeah. What kind of drugs, what kind of performance enhancing drugs are you finding specifically? So we didn't know yet 'cause we weren't really finding anything yet. We, we had some weird indications of these offbeat things you can buy at GNC, but, but so far those were more couched as supplements at the time. So we weren't seeing anything heavy yet. So we had reason to be concerned, but again, we didn't have no smoking gun yet for us to really understand the scope of what's going on. But the rumors, were starting to get a little bit more specific to where, okay, this is more than just a rumor. We, we might actually have a problem.


We need to start digging in for where were the rumors coming from. Interesting. A prior, actually one of my old instructors from when I went through Buds was still active duty and was out on the beach a couple hundred yards down the way. And a failed candidate happened to strike up a conversation with them and said, Hey, by the way, there's a ped problem amongst the candidates. We've heard that before. So, so the instructor, the retired or older instructor was not really that wowed at first, but then the candidate provided some weird specifics like, Hey, there's a guy that apparently comes from off base, the candidates will escort him on base. He's got a pelican case full of drugs, line di line guys up, injects 'em, buttons it all up and off.


He's, he's off the base and no one's the wiser and there's no evidence of what went, what went down. That was some pers pretty specific intel, which made me think, all right, there's, there's probably a problem here that's not just, I heard something. So we had a lot of construction going on at the time, massive risk. We brought that up numerous times because all the camera systems were down. So we couldn't actually get any information on, on, on verifying if this guy was In fact real or if this was, again, just a rumor three times removed that, that had no merit to it. So we were, the cameras are down. Oh, everything was down. Yeah. Yeah. Most of the barracks were under construction. All the buildings were under construction. there was a massive facelift for the entire Oh yeah.


Compound. They were moving all the SEAL teams down further south. And this was all being redone to be strictly training where historically we knew where they all, all of NSW existed. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So very hard, very hard problem. Go ahead. Pardon me. It's important to understand the legal environment or kind of tenuous legal environment he was placed in through the advice of the command judge advocates at the time, the, the pat response of, no, you cannot quote, search vehicles is a correct one under the law unless you have probable cause for a search. That is a quest for evidence. What he was asking was, how do I stop drugs coming into my program?


How do I stop drugs coming into my base? And I mean, everyone who's ever been on base anywhere knows that at the, at the base gate. It's just like, it's the same border rule as if somebody's coming across the border, right? They can absolutely inspect any and everyone who comes through there. It just isn't any targeted quest for evidence. So as we first started to peel this onion, and I realized where he was operating, he, his, his primary tool that every commander has was removed through junior judge advocates failures to understand distinctions that are clear and understood by everyone who's ever gone through Naval Justice School. So, I mean, step one I consider that malpractice, right?


And he's given malpractice based advice and now told to operate in an environment where his, his totally appropriate and and necessary tools are taken out of his hand. It's very interesting juxtaposition because through this entire process, which will be revealed here as we tell the story more, that's the only true causal line that I can draw that says, if we had had that authority, we would've searched those cars. We would've found these drugs, we would've stopped Hell Week immediately with what we found, which we'll talk about in a second. And he would be alive today. Every other causal line they've tried to draw in between my leadership, my cadre, our medical professionals, is all speculative in nature and flimsy and even false evidence.


It's super interesting that no one ever questioned hang, why? Why are we not holding Jags accountable for giving improper legal advice, which actually handcuffed us and prevented us from solving this problem from the beginning? What would the repercussions have been if you would've caught somebody with performance enhancing drugs? Great question. So the ones we found in Kyle's car are actually considered schedule three controlled substances. It's a felony in the state of California to have in your possession, your possession counts as your car registered to your name. That's guilty, I think by up to five years in prison. And a dishonorable discharge from the United States military. So the only crime here in this entire case start to finish is schedule three controlled substances on a US installation.


Yeah. Unprescribed Schedule three, right? Schedule three can be prescribed fair, right, fair. But unprescribed possession is, is a violation. How do you know it was unprescribed? They were black market form procured. So As we understand it, So the ones we found, and, and let me also preface this like I did in my disclaimer earlier. Everything I will say here has actually already been released by various government officials senior to me to include a us congressman, it's been piecemealed out there and it's been kind of hidden in the white noise, but it's all been released, which allows me to comment officially on it and not release information that's not been previously disclosed to the Press. And I'll help him out even further. Everything that we say is our own perceptions and opinions of the facts as we've gathered them.


Right? We're we unlike, you know, the Navy don't think we're a hundred percent correct. We act on, on the evidence that we find. And so anything we say here, we're not giving it as gospel, but it is based on our work and our investigation and our opinions derived from that investigation. Yeah. So why do you believe that they are a black market? So, testosterone, Cate injectable with labels that say Karachi Pakistan, human growth hormone injectables, Naples that say the Netherlands, Anna Strobel Sildenafil, which is a generic version of Viagra, other unknown diluent liquids used in new syringes and alcohol wipes and other, I think there's a couple of miscellaneous things in there.


All in a cooler stuffed in a backpack with gel packs, keeping it cool in a car through the duration of Hell. Week pretty clearly form procured. I'm pretty sure that the Pakistani clean rooms for pharmaceutical injectables are not up to us standards. Probably a good indicator. Yeah. And, and what else is, what else leads us to believe this is what's not there? Right? There's no entry in his electronic medical record to our knowledge, no one has brought that forward. And I mean, pharmaceutical databases and prescription databases are searchable as well. I would presume, although I don't have a great deal of faith in NCIS at this point on this case, I would've presumed anybody would've run that to see if he had a, a prescription, right?


And would've published that in investigation. So we haven't seen either of those things combined together. I think we can conclude that they were bought on the black market. So, rewind from the discovery. You asked earlier, how do we find out what, what happened? So when we finished Hell Week contextually, it's important for me to add here. You remember when you and I graduated Hell Week back in the day, I think the extent of my medical check was, here's a pizza, here's a Gatorade, how do you feel? Here's some vitamin E ointment to rub on your owies. Now walk yourself 300 yards down to building six 18 and go to sleep. And then tomorrow we'll let you go.


That was about it. I mean, I may be, I may be being a little flippant. I'm sure they checked their temperature, but, but that was, it was a pretty rudimentary, we have come light years from there. The, the medical staff we have are absolutely world class. The ability to do triage quickly, the ability to do head to toe assessments, every single candidate as they finish Hell Week goes through a rigorous review with various corpsman and no kidding physicians. I think three separate physicians saw Kyle after Hell. Week was complete and asked him head to toe, how are you feeling? He had clean vitals all recorded, all verified. He had no complaints other than my knees hurt. And they identified a little bit of raspiness in his lungs.


This is one of the things we have to remember though about post Hell Week and, and it's one of the reasons why we're always very careful, because what's normal to us is not normal to other people. So someone else might say, Rasmus in the lungs. That's terrible. Okay? Except, you know, a large percentage of our graduates of Hell Week have raspiness in their lungs. They've just been exposed to the maritime environment for, for an entire week. And, and there's a lack, lack of sleep. So their immune systems are compromised a little bit. We account for that in our calculus. Every single candidate was given prophylactic antibiotics in dissipation of compromised immune systems and the probability that you're gonna get an infection of some sort. It was not uncommon for candidates to test positive for bacterial pneumonia per se, by the time they finished Hell Week.


But given that they were on prophylactic antibiotics, we were already ahead of those curves. So oftentimes they wouldn't even show symptoms, but we'd diagnose 'em and say, okay, well let's treat it with more antibiotics and rest, which is already on the equation anyway. So, so the, the, the way they were managing risk was, is, is through the roof we were managing risk is through the roof exceptional. Back to other comments about covid, we were collaborating daily because we were terrified of this, what we call the trifecta. What if someone gets sipe, pneumonia and covid all at the same time? Sipe being swimmer induced pulmonary edema, which is moisture that gets trapped in the lungs by being in a, in a, in a maritime environment, just aspirating moisture in the air, happens off the beaches of San Diego quite a bit.


Pneumonia obviously being what it is in covid. All three attacking the respiratory system. So we were dialed in like really tight on looking for these signs and symptoms and, and had boards to monitor who are high risk candidates. We had metrics we were using to determine who was at what status and when were we gonna pull 'em from training. We were actually doing more real time studies on site. There's not a lot of doctrine out there on how to manage site and what is it and is it even a fatal thing that we should be worried about? We were the ones breaking ground there. I had my first phase officer in charge running experiments with medical, with the intent of reducing our attrition due to sipe.


And what I mean is, Hey, what's a causal factor? Well, the water, okay, can we change the data between classes if we sequence the land and water evolutions differently? So not changing the curriculum, but the sequencing of curriculum. And we were doing studies in real time to see if we could decrease the number of cases of sipe. We'd get in, in between one class and the next And. if we did, okay, we're gonna make some changes. We're gonna manage this, we're gonna manage this risk, not mitigate it, and we're gonna reduce the number if we can. This was like active and ongoing collaboration. We were talked about being a learning organization. We were watching the news and started hearing rumors that vitamin C and vitamin D could help reduce the transmissibility of covid and even the symptoms if you get it.


So we procured on our own opt our dollars, vitamin C and vitamin D, and got the senior medical officer approval to start issuing that to our most at risk candidates. The ones going into Hell, Week and the tour in the seal and soy pipelines. So, so this notion that we were just turning a blind eye to medical risk and failed to provide proper medical oversight is, is actually contrary to all the evidence of everything we were doing on a day by day basis to manage risk to these candidates. One of the things we were doing to that point was a deliberate effort was as we brought prep, which was a decision that was made to bring it from Great Lakes to to basic training command under my authorities, we reimagined the entire curriculum leading up to first phase with the explicit goal of reducing attrition due to injuries, impact injuries, stress fractures, shin splints.


And we did, if you look at the collective tour of my commanding officer tour, what you'll see is a decrease in attrition due to injuries. It was a deliberate and and methodical collaborative effort with our medical professionals, our sports physicians, our sports psychologists. We brought every single expert in the room and said, how can we do this? How can we sequence our curriculum better to crawl, walk, run to reduce these injuries? So that applied to site pneumonia, COVID, impact injuries, everything. And we were successful in that effort. So all the evidence contradicts this narrative that, oh, you just failed to provide proper medical oversight. It's false. So Hell Week completes, that was a long, long rant about where we were when, when that Hell Week completed, we do the three med checks.


The physicians, the last physician, I just talked to him the other day that saw Kyle again, no complaints of breathing. And he walked outta the room on his own, on his own capabilities. Now he was later provided I think a wheelchair just as his knees continued to swell, which happens, you remember after Hell Week, things just start to swell. But this notion that he was wheeled out of medical was just not true. Multiple witnesses saw him walk out on his own. So at that point, the medical staff does one more walk around with our watch standers before we break for the night. This is where we used to do business before we break for the night and then everyone goes home for the most part than our watch standers. 'cause we've been given the head to toe evaluation and everyone's comfortable.


So I had left at that point. I was out picking up dinner for my family and I get a phone call that a couple hours later that one of our candidates was having some troubles. And 9 1 1 I've been called. So by the time I get back on base, I find that it's actually two candidates that were having breathing problems. One of them being Kyle Mullen. By the time I get there, I hear one of the two candidates was in the ambulance right in front of me. I talked to him, he seemed great, had oxygen, was breathing, paramedics were treating him. He was cognizant, seemed fine. I said, all right, let's get you checked out. Go take care of yourself. You know. And then at that point I found out Kyle had been already taken by the ER to the closest hospital possible.


And my first phase officer in charge had either accompanied or, or driven separately to be there. And they were working on him. They, they said they had a hard time on site and he was coding, I think was the word that was used. And they were working, working him at the ER at the time. So we brought the team together, started making recalls, bringing people back from Friday night. You have question? Yeah, I do. Real quick. Is this a common occurrence coding candidates two people? No. No. Okay. That's pretty, that's pretty rare. I, I would offer, it is not uncommon to hear the ambulance come running. We have problems that happen on a somewhat regular basis. We have excellent emergency action plans, and the local paramedics are, you know, aren't sometimes on a first name basis.


We that familiar with each other so that we can treat injuries quickly and effectively. With the right triage in the medical professionals on every evolution, we always have our corpsman on site with a a four by four ambu, which is an ad hoc ambulance with, with triage level medical gear to treat anything immediate to any kind of real world assessments on site as quickly as possible. And then make the decision whether 9 1 1 needs to be called or we pull 'em off and, and, and go see something more deliberate. How many hell weeks previous to this were you commanding officer for? Oh, lots. I can't remember off the top of my head, but this was February of 22 and I started my command tour summer of 20.


So I was getting to the end of mine. We do seven, seven classes a year on the seal side. It's six classes here on the Swic side. So quite a few. Had anyone gone in an ambulance for similar reasons after Hell Week before? Not, not that I recall. For any kind of breathing problems? No. Okay. No. Normally our emergencies were more, I twisted an ankle, popped a knee, something impact related. Every once in night I'd have a breathing thing. Usually that was indicative of sipe. And when we found with Sipe and what all the conventional wisdom at the time was saying was, give that person some oxygen, their, their O2 saturation levels, stabilize, take it off. If they can maintain, then okay, they're gonna be fine.


Usually within a day is usually people would, would bounce forward from that. What Point did the performance enhancing drug problem kind of come across your radar? So it wasn't until after I was notified that Kyle had passed, we at that point realized we were now in a notification stage of, of, of what was going on. And it was, So, there were no rumors of this previous to we'd Had the rumors, but, but like I said, we were doing everything we can and we're just meeting some walls. And so we made the, we made the conscious decision to start how we not really, again, knowing the scope of what was going on, we were still digging in.


We had a lot of exploration to do, but we made the decision a without knowing this, this could be a rumor, this could be nothing. We need to at least continue training until we understand what we've been talking about. So we did. Okay. Yeah. So we, we, we were notified he'd passed and my first phase, OIC came back from the hospital. And I'm never forget the look on his face, the, the absolute just devastation. And none of us could, we didn't know yet. Right? It was just, it was like, what happened? What happened? And, and immediately everyone, you know, you start to just think, well, did we miss something?


Like what? There's that, there's that fear, shame, and guilt that, that, that automatically takes root in your soul and just, just grief. You know, this was a man who I'm responsible for. There's a man that that sacrificed a lot for his country. He put it all on the line. And how the heck did this happen? We were clear after med checks. How does this happen? How does someone decompensate that fast and die with no problems? After med checks, we started immediately looking, what did med checks say? Everything was clean. Well then how do we account for this? And no one could explain it. We said, all right, well this isn't the time right now. We need to take care of the family right now. We need to focus on them.


So NCIS showed up and it was strange. There happened to be an ice storm in Millington that night. And so all their servers were shut down and we needed to access his online page 13 in order to notify his next of kin his mother in this case. So we were coordinating with seals on the East coast and a, and a casualty assistance care officer to notify the next morning. But we, we couldn't do it without the, the page 13 next of kin. And so NCIS now shows up 'cause we have the deceased candidate and we said, Hey, we we're looking everywhere, but the servers are down.


We can't find a paper copy anywhere. Will you help us by unlocking his car for us to allow us to look in there? And maybe he has a file of like all of his hard copy papers. And they begrudgingly agreed to it, but they opened his car and at that point opened his backpack to look in there and came across this cooler, opened the cooler, and then came across this plethora of, like we said, schedule three controlled illegal drugs. How many drugs were in there? It was enough for me to think it was more than him. Really? Oh yeah, 100%. So much so that at that point I said, Hey listen, we've now got this other set of candidates.


We've got this entire class now one other one's in the hospital. There's a, there's a concern for the safety of the rest of the candidates because it looks to me like more people were using this than just Kyle. So we have got to figure this out before we release them the next day. What if there's more in other cars and we release them and someone goes and injects themself after we, we cut 'em away and now someone else dies. Like that's, that is not in the realm of, I'm never going to allow that to happen. So I said, we need to search every other car at this point. And NCIS told us, no, you don't have probable cause. I said, I've got a dead candidate and I've got a bag full of drugs that are clearly more than what one dude was using.


What do you mean don don't have probable cause? Clearly other guys are using this. Nope. You don't have probable cause. Okay. So I asked my boss their legal advice, said the same thing. No, he said ask the base co his Jag can authorize this as the base co. I called the base xo. He and I were very good friends and I explained the entire situation. He said, absolutely, this makes so much sense. We've gotta search those cars. I'll get you an answer within the hour called back legal advice says no, you don't have probable cause. So I was told no. So again, let me, let me parse that a little bit and and try to keep it non-lawyer in, in that analysis. But you know, know, even now, captain Geary uses the term search, right? Well, search is under the, the fourth amendment.


Right? A a an aspect of a criminal investigation requiring probable cause. It is a quest for evidence on a, on a targeted individual or location. Right? This is, and these are the terms that NCIS is correct. He didn't have probable cause for all the other candidates on an individual level yet. Right. Or that he didn't, you know, that they were looking for evidence in a specific way, right? To contrast that if, if everyone had started using the word inspect and inspected everyone, it would've been just fine. I mean, absolutely.


If, if, if a commander on a base sets up an inspection program that is either com totally complete and, and looking at everyone or randomized so that there is no inference that a search of an individual in a quest for evidence has occurred, that's 100% within their authorities. And I can't tell you how basic in understanding of, of search and seizure law that is. And so when I first got the investigation and was looking at this and he was telling me this, I was like, I, I've, I am shocked that all the way up to the base level, I mean three levels of, of different lawyers failed to say, Hey guys, we're using the term search.


Hold on. This is confusing the issue. Let's just inspect, let's inspect everyone. Let's inspect anyone who crosses the base gate line. Let's inspect everyone. And guess what, in an inspection, if you find evidence, you get to use it, right? Because you didn't target, you didn't have to have probable cause and you didn't have to have a search authorization. And that's a defense counsel saying it. Look, you know, I, I'm the guy who's not supposed to be telling them how to get this done, right? But I'm even saying I'd have a tough time winning any case where they did a, a broad base across the board inspection and they came up with evidence. Interesting. The other side of that is even if they did an in inspect a, a search of every vehicle, and even if defense counsel everywhere filed motions to suppress that evidence, it still gets to be the command's responsibility to stop the conduct.


Right? So if we're worried about a drug problem, I'm not worried about prosecution, maybe we'll hold 'em accountable, we'll kick 'em outta the program, whatever. But I'm trying to stop a, an active health safety risk search the vehicles. We'll figure it out later. Yeah. I mean that's inherent command responsibility that was taken away. Yeah. I mean, even going back just to the authority to search the vehicles as a commander, you have responsibility, you have health, safety, morale, welfare authority that was just missed So, so basic. I mean, I taught at the Air Force Jack School so basic to what was going on here and that was just missed. And Jason's right, who cares if we can't court martial everyone who had pets in their cars? If we're talking about the safety of these guys, safety of other people, we do it.


We do it. Commanders have that authority. And ultimately I did, I said, I'm too concerned about safety to take this advice. And so we searched every, we inspected every other car. Well done. Thank you. Close car. So I inspected every close car, every other car. We thankfully didn't find anything, but, but it gave me peace of mind that, okay, when we release these guys tomorrow, we've at least managed the risk that they, they'll have access to any their drugs for now until we figure out what's going on here. How long after you found the drugs in Kyle's car, did you inspect the other vehicles? Hours. Hours, yeah.


Is there any possibility that the candidates went back to their cars and Yes. Yes. Okay. There were no cameras remember? Yeah. But they had heard about News. there was a chance of that news out. Yes. 'cause they, two pieces. One, they have freedom. They're not, they're not in jail while they're healing after Hell Week two back to the candidate network, and this will become clear in a few minutes. We know that they were talking with other people who were helping facilitate the use of drugs and Interesting. So they could have had other candidates from other classes go clean the cars while we were figuring it out. Absolutely. Or they even had the option to freeze the entire scene, tell all the candidates that they can't return to their vehicles and then conduct the inspection.


But again, these are, I mean, I, I get frustrated about this because I mean, and I know I've gotten to know Davis, we we're professionals, we're professionals. I, I consider ourselves held to the same standards of doctors to acquit our duties. Right? Period. And what, what passes for what was going on at the time, advice in a clear health and safety and, you know, in view of someone who had just passed, it doesn't qualify as professional legal advice. It's nonsensical to me that no one was coming up with solutions here. Makes sense. So we at that point, moved forward and did our best. We we did a safety stand down for a day to address.


We weren't allowed to address the fact that we found the drugs yet, because now it was an open NCIS investigation. So while everyone kind of knew what was going on, we had to just not talk about it really was, was the conventional wisdom that was provided to us. And we made some decisions to continue training at that point. But those were based off of a lot of advice. We sought from a lot of gray beard mentors on not taking a knee for too long and allowing this to fester and, and, and these candidates to kinda spiral outta control in, in, in grief, in self-defeat in just an unhealthy place. Get back to work, let's get focused on the mission back to learn to compartmentalize and move forward as difficult as that can be.


We did provide every candidate that wanted it access to Sykes and chaplains. And I said, a personally, if anyone feels like this is too much to start, we will pull you and let you administratively roll in another class to let you process what happened. You all knew you're getting into a high risk field, but, but this is not something that typically happens in training. So we want to acknowledge that, that you might not be cognitively resilient enough to deal with with some of this maybe. So we provided all of that. I also said, Hey, because we don't know yet, we still didn't have the authorities to test yet because we don't know who else in the class might've been using. I said, if anyone as much as sniffles differently than what we normally expect post Hell Week, we're gonna admit 'em to the ER immediately and send them.


So I think we sent seven other people over the next few days who just, I mean, you look a little weird, we're gonna send you, it's interesting, and it's unfortunate because how that got spun in the media later was, oh, look at this disproportionate number of people that was sent to medical in this class indicating there was gross failure of leadership to acknowledge the risk that was in front of everybody's eyes. No, that was me being overly cautious with our medical professionals saying, we're gonna take no chances and be conservative if we're gonna air anywhere and just admit these guys to the hospital to be safe. It things can be twisted so quickly in into something that just wasn't the case. How long did it take for this to hit the media?


I don't know. It wasn't long at all. The drug part took a while to come out. Yeah. But, but it, it hit pretty fast that, that we had a candidate who died after Hell Week that made the, that made the news pretty fast. What was the narrative at at at first it was pretty bare bones, just the normal kind of a release, you know, of very, very limited information. there was a seal candidate who died a name, you know, from, you know, New Jersey, and there's an ongoing investigation into what happened. And then of course the, the frenzy starts and the speculation and, and all the rumors and the, the, the threads and the comments. And then slowly things started getting released, but then we saw things getting twisted pretty quickly.


So we brought out the family, we did a memorial service there. We, at that point, wanted to shield them from any of those uncomfortable discussions. At this point. This was, this was not a time to address things like that. This was a time to grieve and to care for them. And we made a deliberate decision of the organization to do that, to tell them everything we could without compromising the integrity of the investigation was our goal. And to be as empathetic and loving as possible. And so we, we did, we held a memorial service for him there. And I spoke. It was, it was the most difficult, it was the most difficult moment of my life.


I think it, it, it, you know, we talked earlier about this moment with, with Danny's death, but to stand in front of a grieving mother and give a talk about her son was next level for me. It was so difficult. I, as we're starting the ceremony, I was o overwhelmed with emotion. And it wasn't nervousness, but it was, it was everything. It was grief. It was the magnitude of what, what happened. It was being in this moment, standing with these people and having to stand up there and talk about this young man. And they're playing the national anthem. We were indoors but covered. And so I was saluting for the national anthem like we all do.


And in that moment, I was so overwhelmed, my hand was just shaking uncontrollably. Like I could not hold it still. I was just a wreck. And my wife was with me next to me. And without even saying a word, she ducks her shoulder, steps in and then pops it back up and holds the weight of my arm for the salute. And it was an incredible moment for me because it's very symbolic of how she has been in my life through everything we talked about before this and how she continued to support me and carry my weight when I needed her to, in this moment of just guttural loss and mind bending grief once again, she was there.


Even the, even the night we found that he was dead, I called her and I said, Hey, this is, this is what we know. And she said, well, what do you need? What can I do? And I said, I don't know. I don't have words. I, I don't know, don don't know what to even ask for. I just need to get, I just need to figure this out with our team and we need to, we need to help the family as best as we can. So Amy just showed up, I'm just gonna be here. I don't need to say a word. I'm here. I'm here. And I would look and see her and she was always just there and always that steady pillar of support through every phase of this. Not just her. I, I gotta say before we go further, what I saw the team do, what I've seen our team do, the collective NSW team, when we lost lose something like this, and someone like this absolutely inspires me every single time.


I wish we didn't have to go through grief to see it, but some of my front, my front office assistant whose husband was deployed, and they have a kid, she comes in, brings her like 10-year-old daughter to work at eight o'clock at night to help however she can. And they stayed till midnight, lets her kid play in the dry erase board while we're dealing with this. Other people did the same exact thing. Like, like when you see the team rally and everyone comes and, and some of 'em are there saying, I know exactly how we need to help. They hear boom, boom, and they weigh in, they take initiative and they help my XO put the whiteboard up and just starts mapping out, here's all the decisions we need to make. Here's what we need to make sure we don't say the wrong thing, do the wrong thing.


It was incredible. It's so inspiring to see the team just do everything we've been talking about, but now in different form. Yeah, it's, it's humbling. It's inspiring. And it's so tragic too. My command master chief, you know, the day, the day I notified Regina Mullen the morning after she'd been notified by the two seals on the East coast. And so this is my first call to her and I'm in the room and I said, listen, I've, I've, I've, I've known too many grieving parents over the years, but, but help me. So we brought in our advisors and we went through all the things that could happen here.


We had the psych, the chaplain, we had the, the counselors, we had my wife in the room. We had everyone that was a subject matter expert in this stuff. The, the Gold star representative, you know, for the West Coast, who's seen this happen far too many times. And I said, gimme all the advice. Tell me what to avoid. Tell me what to you know, how to, how to, how to be careful here. I don't, I never wanna say the wrong thing to someone who's, who's in this moment. And in that moment, as I'm getting ready to pick up the phone, my command master chief, you probably know the name Dave Hanson, a legend on the West coast stands up and in front of all these people, walks across the room, puts his hand on my shoulder and prays out loud for me.


Before I call this grieving mother, I, I have, I don't know if I've ever been in a situation where I felt the power of that moment and, and the magnitude of this man who just did that same hand, by the way he's a boxer. It's the same hand he has used to knock people out in the ring. It's the same hand he's used to take down our nation's worst enemies down range. This comes right back to everything we talked about being a monster who restrains himself virtue how Jordan Peterson just defines virtue. This is the things you get to see in these moments. People of virtue, not just seals and sws, but every single person there just rallied and exhibited virtue to support and love on this family and do right by them in a, in a unbelievably horrific scenario.


So we, we brought 'em out through the memorial. We did that. We gave him a tour of the compound, talked about a lot of things. You and I have talked about our methodology for training some of the things Kyle experienced, and then they headed back east from there. And at that point we did our best to keep in touch. At one point Dave and I traveled east to go to his memorial service in Jersey for the memorial service with my Commodore and a couple other people as well. And just continue to try to love on them and stay in touch. And then, you know, I was hearing nothing but affirmation from our force at the time, Brad, you're carrying this rock for naval special warfare.


We appreciate the empathy that you're showing here, how you're leading the memorial service, the care for the family. You're doing all the right stuff. We're under the boat with you, is what I kept hearing. We're under the boat with you. I said, okay, I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth in what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter and the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CIA targeter.


Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing. And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you.


It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments we'll see in the newsletter. So I was asking for updates. What were they finding? How could I get off these problems? In, in the meantime was kept outta those meetings. But we started finally getting some authorities to start testing for urine and sending it off to labs to start trying to determine if, if people were In fact using.


Interestingly enough, a couple weeks after Kyle died, one of the guys from his class popped positive for one of the very drugs we found in his car, which verified fired my initial suspicion that that more than one person was using the drugs. We found at that point, it began our hunt and we started pulling in candidates and confronting 'em when they had ratios that looked abnormal. We were following the world anti-doping agency standards for, for their threshold on when they would pull someone from a professional sport and say, you're no longer eligible due to enough suspicion here. And we were doing everything we could following that professional sports industry to, to make the best decisions we could, understanding we were in a learning environment and you get in some weird legalities, we were mainly just administratively dropping guys from training.


Nothing, nothing punitive. We weren't, we weren't taking 'em to captain's management thing after that. Just, Hey, there's reasons to believe you're unsafe to train. We're administratively dropping it from the program. We managed it as best we could for the next few months there. And fast forward, got to my change of command and, and Dave's retirement sendoff and we finished that with everything seemed to be on track. Every time I pulsed anyone, I I kept turning the same things. We're all under the boat with you and so far nothing is showing anything crazy. We did a safety investigation. They started a command investigation to look into the peds problem. NCIS was doing their own investigation. No one interviewed me. I was, I was provided an introductory meeting at one point with the command investigation team who basically said, Hey, we're here.


We're gonna be looking into stuff. I said, Hey, we are, we're totally transparent. I've told my command we're gonna contribute everything we can here and no problems at all. That was about the extent of anyone's questions for me, which I found to be strange given I'm commanding officer and have total responsibility of this command. Why would anyone not want to sit down and talk to me about what my observations are and what we saw and didn't see and what we were doing to manage risk. But what, what kind of questions were they asking your staff? Great question, don. Don't a hundred percent know, but I can tell you what that produced. Whatever questions they asked, lemme say a couple more things and I'll get to that answer. So we changed command and I headed east for a three month course I had to do on the east coast.


Took my family with me. We stayed with, with my wife's sister out in Virginia Beach. And I kept calling back, Hey, any news? Like anything going on? No, we're under the boat with you. Everything's looking good. You have nothing to worry about. Everything's showing that it was, it was the drugs. Okay, sounds good. And then I started getting nervous when all of a sudden news starts breaking and this answers your other question about when did things start going crazy? And, and all of a sudden I'm sitting with my family in Virginia Beach and we're seeing pictures of me on the news calling me a murderer. Not really a great moment for the family. And I call back to work com. Hey, is this alarming? Do we expect this? Do we anticipate this? Usually we have a heads up on press releases.


Anyone wanna clue me into where we're at on this last time I talked to everybody, we're all under the boat together and everything was showing that we were clean. What, what's going on? Oh, nothing to worry about Brad. Okay. It seems like I have something to worry about. It's certainly uncomfortable being out here in the dark and hearing nothing other than what I'm seeing on the news, which doesn't look great. They're calling you a murderer. Yeah, it was, it was on the press. Is there any context behind that? No, they had no facts to release. Nothing. It was just, it was just the family started, I think speaking out and somewhere in the mix of all that, I don't know who and how, but, but I was coined a murder and some of the press regurgitated that it's an uncomfortable place to see your kids, see their dad called a murder on tv.


Yeah. Not something I'd ever want him to see. So I keep getting calls. Finally they say, Hey, listen, here's what's gonna happen. The admiral's gonna come on, have a, a meeting with you. And what they've found is some happy to glad things that could have been better. Obviously there's always room for command to improve. We found some of those things. By the way, we actually found 'em before I left command and we actually corrected all the small things we discovered. So thanks for your suggestions. But they've already done I, I know 'cause I implemented them, but, got it. Yes. We found some small things. Okay, well the admiral's gonna come. He's going to issue a non-punitive letter of caution. So again, non-punitive, but it's, it's still a, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a mark.


It's a, it's a, it's an uncomfortable scenario. I said, okay, that's Didn didn't anticipate that. I thought I'd done everything right, but okay, I got it. I was in command. I started calling my attorney friends who said, Hey, have you been able to read the investigations that they're basing this nip lock off of? I said, no, no one shared anything with me. I said, well, that doesn't make any sense. You should ask for that. So I did. I was then reprimanded verbally for asking for it. I was told, you're not, you're not warranted that this is not your investigation. It's someone else's and you don't have a right to see it. And by the way, get back in your box. My words, not his necessarily, but, but the message received was get back in your box and read the C o's charge of command.


If you need a reminder about the total responsibility of command, this was coming from a guy who I'd spent almost amount of time, same amount of time in command with not at the same command, but but consecutive time in command. So I, I understand the charge of command, I understand responsibility. I also understand if you're gonna write me even something non-punitive, but it's a, it's a cautionary letter for something I failed on. You should at least be able to talk to me about what you think I failed on so I can have a, a conversation with the man who's issuing this. Couple days later I hear, Hey, that's off. The nip lock's no longer happening. At that point, a couple of my attorney friends said, you need to get a lawyer, man, something's, something's very strange here. And that's where I first contacted Jason Wareham, my college roommate, Jason Braiser, had gone through something very similar in the Marine Corps.


Jason represented him while you were still active duty. He was one of my first calls, Hey, what do I do? He said, call my guy Jason. I called Jason up, we have an initial conversation. I start thinking about how can I do this? Is this worth it? It's one of those risking analysis. Do I really, do I really think something's going on here or are we all into the boat together? At that point, I called Cash Patel, who we didn't talk about on camera, but I knew from my joint tour. And, and he offered up the fight with Cash Foundation to help and said, just, just retain the best lawyer you can find in this field that will, they'll be able to defend you. Something's coming. He said, it's coming. I can see it too. So at that point, we called hired Jason, and it was like three days later on a Monday afternoon, they called me and said, okay, we need you to go over to the legal office on the base on Norfolk, and there's a JAG that's gonna meet you there.


They're gonna bring you up, they're gonna read you your rights, and they're gonna issue you a notice of non-judicial punishment for dereliction of duty and negligence as a commanding officer, captain's mast will convene this Friday. Virtually you have four days to prepare, by the way, we need you to continue in the course you're doing right now and still continue to succeed there because that could look poorly upon you if you start slacking on your courses to prepare for mast. I said, hang on a second. I still haven't read one investigation that was put together that that's warranted this kind of a response. So I called Jason up. You were still a reservist at the time? I was, was a class with a, with a, a security clearance Yeah.


Style clearance. Yeah. So I called the, the, the force judge advocate, who was my, I was talking to and I said, Hey, I would like you to send these documents to my lawyer who lives in Colorado. He needs to review 'em so we can consult on what my, my path forward is. The military attorney, they told, they gave me in that moment, said, you're screwed. That was about his counsel. He's like, there's no surviving this. I think my wife kicked him outta the office at that point. And she's like, beat it. We don't like quitters in this family. So I was very glad I had retained Jason at that point. The what, what were they coming after you for? So I'll get there. So then this, this was, this was right, this was terrible.


They, I said, I need you to send this to my lawyer so we can consult. And they said no. I said, wait a minute, it's an unclassified document. He has a security clearance. Anyway, he's my attorney. I've retained him, he's on retainer. We have a attorney client privilege. He's bound by legal ethics And I'm by clearance. Yeah. And and being a reservist. Yeah. I mean, government had their controls over me as much as they, they could. Yeah. There's no way I could take that and just throw it to the press. Yeah. So there was no reason not to send it to me. It's all unclassified. So I asked, are you the deciding authority on that? Well, no. Okay. Well, who is? Well, the admiral. Okay. Why don't you go ask the actual deciding authority then instead of pretending like you have that decisional authority at your level.


Well, okay, but I'm gonna recommend that he disapprove it. Well, of course you are. It was disapproved. So then I had to fly last minute out of pocket to get my attorney to Virginia Beach, and now we're down to about 72 hours left to prepare for NJP. We looked through the document to answer your question. Well, there's more context there, right? Okay. They didn't even once we were co-located, give us a copy of the document they required that we review the document in a skiff. This is a, this is an unclassified investigation. One you would be entitled to if there were criminal charges, right? Unrestrained. But even if you're not entitled to it yet, they could have handed us a copy given us an office to work in, but instead they treated it like T-S-S-C-I classified evidence and made us review the entire thing in a skiff.


Why do you think they did that? Oh, well, why I think they did that. I think they did that because they were, they were scared of any portion of it becoming known publicly, frankly. And even with all the safeguards that someone was tracking, because these people aren't idiots, even if they're giving bad advice. Someone was tracking the failures of the investigation and the holes of the investigation and the summary nature and conclusions that were made early on. That's why I'm, I'm convinced that's why Captain Gear was frozen out. That's how the Navy works, right? They, they come to a conclusion, they draw a line around you kind of administratively.


They start asking people around you almost in a, in a echo chamber gossip forum, draw their conclusions. And they didn't want anyone contradicting those conclusions. Right? Let's keep in mind that NJP or or Article 15 punishment is entirely within the discretion of the person imposing it, when to hold it, but to give us 72 hours when there's been a death investigation. I've never seen anything like that before. And so all of this points to, to me, they knew exactly the pile of crap that this investigation was, how unsustainable it was towards any sort of deep, deep dive analysis. But they, they wanted to ensure that Captain Geary just took it.


So some of the things we discovered as we read through, there was two investigations that were being used. there was a line of duty investigation and there was a command investigation. The line of duty investigation was pretty astute. And it came to the conclusion that, hey, he, he, he died. They agreed with the autopsy, however classified and said, qualified that, and said performance enhancing drugs were likely a contributing factor or words to that effect. This is released, recently released document by one of our congressmen who's supporting us. So we said, okay, that seems pretty clean. Like they came to the conclusion that we did. That makes sense to me. We looked at all that evidence. It was, it was pretty clean. The command investigation on the other hand was where it got a little dicey, and I started reading testimony that didn't make sense to me.


It was from some of my officers in charge who I thought I had a great relationship with, and I'm reading their testimony and it made me sound like a derelict and negligent leader. And I remember telling Jason like, wow, this is what my people thought of me. I, I guess I did fail, like all this fear, shame and guilt starts getting heaped on me as I'm reading some of these documents. But as we dug through it, we noticed none of them were signed testimonies. They were all summaries of interview. So it was an interview where someone recalled what that person said based off some notes and then just jotted it down. But typically when you do that, you're supposed to give it back to them to verify. Yeah, this, this is generally what I said. I'm comfortable with this. Let's move forward. I think of the entire investigation, there was maybe two or three that were totally signed.


The rest over two dozen easy, if I remember correctly, were just unsigned summaries. Some of 'em just paragraphs on a blank page. Yeah, just random paragraphs on a blank Page. So this one in particular, my swic, OIC, my swic officer in charge, a phenomenal warrant officer, incredible reputation. It's like, man, this guy, he's really just crucifying me in this document. This I, this is terrible. So Jason calls him up, Hey, by the way, we're just double checking our facts here. We're trying to understand what's going on. And, and Brad says, there's a discrepancy between how we thought your relationship was and how you viewed him as a leader versus what we saw here. So Jason reads him the document and he says, that's not what I said at all. That's 180 out from what I think about Brad. I never said that.


Why does that say my name on it? We couldn't have an answer, still don't know. So we said, okay, that's interesting. Would you be willing to submit a sworn testimony signed that contradicts this and says how you really feel? Absolutely. So he did it from his like sailboat that he was out in the Hawaiian waters on. He was, he was retired at that point and like, like heading off to greener pastures and pulls into a port with a sailboat to gen up a actual sworn statement on our support. Another one, we found that a couple times, by the way, another one was they fab somebody fabricated evidence and said that somewhere along the way, leading up to common's death, we discovered this backpack full of drugs like steroids. And I'd ignored this evidence and we'd just thrown it away and said, well, weird.


Not sure where that came from. So, so this was in, this was in testimony and a couple of 'em, it was regurgitated a few times to use Jason's words as an echo chamber. So Jason's doing his due diligence. This is my attorney calls the master of arms who handles all evidentiary collection at, at my command and says, Hey, we're just trying to connect the dots. We see this annotated a few times by a few different people, but there's no actual pictures of this evidence ever. We can't, we can't trace this back to an origination point. He replied in the email, there was never a backpack, what are you talking about? Completely fictional, completely fictional, just created through leading questions by an un, I don't mean to say unprofessional as an intentionally bad investigating officer, but someone who was not trained to do investigations was the one that they relied on for command investigations.


So a, a, an uninitiated investigator using leading questions that injected material fact in the investigation of evidence of pets in a backpack that was ignored. So, So, so, so they're legitimately just making, Making shit up. Somebody did false testimony and fabricated evidence. Is there any legal recourse against that? We'll get there. Well, Unfortunately not. I mean, the easy answer is not for active duty. No. I mean, outside in, in real world, if somebody fabricates something against you, you have a tort for defamation, right?


You have a tort for abusive process, you have a tort for a number of things in the military. The Federal Torts Claim Act prohibits you from, from bringing any of those claims against other members of the government. So there's, there's a get outta jail for get out of, so You can just lie about anything you want. Absolutely. I mean, the government does it all the time. don don't know why. I'm Surprised. Right. The government does a very good job of protecting themselves when it comes to active duty, people holding anyone accountable. Yeah. Here's what's interesting too, is we started seeing some other trend lines. Well, you, you know, they mentioned, we mentioned, I mentioned that other supplemental kind of chemical we were finding months before Kyle's death that was couched to us as, Hey, this is a GC supplement.


All of a sudden, as we're preparing for mass now, summer of 2022, they point us toward a website. Well, this is an official Navy website which prohibits those substances and requires Outprocessing from the Navy. And here's an instruction which talks all about this. And so we're reading these things like, oh my gosh, you're right. Like I, I must have failed here. We must have failed to recognize that I needed to out processs those people from the Navy for, for catching these things in their rooms. Wow. Okay. Got me. Then we look, wait, when was this instruction written? Oh, a month and a half after Kyle died. When was this website created? With this database of prohibited substances? Oh, a month and a half after Kyle died. What did the previous version of that instruction say? Well, it was a nutritional supplement guide that said something about like, eat more protein.


So basically what became pretty clear was because of Kyle's death, everyone snapped too, and all of a sudden generated all these instructions and policies to cover themselves and tried to hold me retroactively accountable for decisions I made, which preceded the policies themselves. Well, It's worse than that though. I mean, they, they didn't even realize when that had passed and passed it over to us as if it was live when you were in, and as when I specifically asked them, what, what standard do you state he that, that he breached here? Where, where was the air, where was the, the notice right around this kind of stuff that had to be enforced. Right. And they gave me this in re direct response to that question.


And it was only after I was like, what's the date? Say on the top, the date is after any of this happened. So, so even the people in the chain responsible for the application of the law, again, judge advocates here, right, who were responsible for, for delineating the charges and the basis for the accusation. Even at NJP didn't know their own standards or was intentionally passing it off as the retro, as a retroactive standard, trying to pass it off as something that existed to get us to accept NJP don don't know which One is. Did the investigators ever ask or talk to you about the fact that you would ask for drug tests for No. For performance enhancing drugs?


No, no, no. That never came up. Nope. They just, Are you aware that you did that? They were, yeah. Everyone, everyone knew that we were open meetings. We had these discussions. So, Yeah. I mean, and a fun little anecdote, I guess if you'd consider it fun is while we were doing the skiff review, we ran into one of the judge advocates who had provided the failed advice in the parking lot. It's randomly He only PCSed and we randomly ran into him. Yeah. And at the point I hadn't formed all the conclusions yet that I have now, and I just simply asked to talk to him. Ghosted me, ghosted me, wouldn't even come in, have an interview with me informally. So based off what we discovered there, we built a rebuttal. We submitted it to our admiral for review, and to his credit, he delayed masks through the weekend to consider the evidence we provided, which, which pretty clearly showed this was an entirely faulty investigation full of nothing but, but false testimony of fabricated evidence.


Monday we got word that he was canceling, masks, dismissed it, pulled me into a video teleconference and said, I'm missing you. A non-punitive letter of, of censure. Do you understand? I said, yes. I understand a Jag slitted across the table and he said, this case is closed. We're gonna move on and we're gonna reinvestigate this down the road. I said, all right, sir. Sounds good. And so that was it. We thought it was done. We thought we won. At that point, we thought we reason had prevailed and evidence had prevailed. Thank goodness at the time our admirer in charge saw that he saw what had happened and, and took corrective measures there. But he, he shortly retired thereafter. And so, I mean, when we say rebuttal, it was like 20 some pages.


Right. It was Single spaced citing to, to different evidentiary statements put together and statements we had pulled together in 72 hours from Yeah. The actual individuals who'd given months statements in the summary of interview. Yeah. So, and, and Don don't think I can emphasize this enough 'cause don don't want this to be missed. This is a Navy captain being accused of violating the uniform code of military justice committing dereliction of duty. Yeah. And the standard they cite is one that was not in existence at the time. Right. And it was magic selected at that point too. Yeah. Right. And so you're looking at, you're looking at a Navy SEAL, a Navy captain with his career, with his decorations, who is being just career destroyed over something that wasn't even in play.


You didn't follow this regulation, you didn't follow this instruction. So you were derelict in something that didn't even exist at the time. And that passed through all the legal channels, all the Navy levels up to the admiral. And that's either just incompetence or something else. But they thought, oh, he's just gonna take this. Yeah, he's just gonna take article 15. He's just gonna take NJP and not push back. And oh, by the way, we're gonna make you and your attorney review thousands of pages in less than 72 hours. How many total pages was it, Jason? I mean, that investigation, those two sets. Couple hundred, I think a couple hundred. The attachments, I think altogether were a few hundred. Yeah. Four, 500. Yeah. So the, the one you're thinking about a thousands is the later investigation. Oh, so later investigation.


But still, hundred of pages get to get, I mean, I got about, we got about eight interviews done in that time period, plus the review As could, As much as we could. Yeah. I mean, And every single one we did came back with completely contradicting evidence to what, what had been reported. But that's just, I, I mean, again, like I just want, I can't, this is when I, you know, when I first started hearing about this and looking at this, is there's a standard, you're saying you didn't meet the standard. You, captain Geary did not meet the standard. The standard didn't exist until then. And that went through, everybody just missed it. Like As, as Amy and I were digging into it, we started to realize you want to give everyone the benefit of the doubt, right? This is our teammates. They said they were under the boat with me. Maybe this was just an accident.


Maybe this was just innocent mistakes that, that all lined up in a Swiss cheese moment. But the more we read, the more we realized there was something nefarious here. And, and when we started to understand the scope of that betrayal, again, contextually from what we've even talked about here on, on what my family's endured for this nation and for the Navy and for Naval Special warfare, when my wife first understood this, she sobbed so hard, she couldn't breathe, and I had to hold her head in the freezer to catch her breath. That's something that will haunt me for the rest of my life. It's something my kids saw.


You don't unsee your mom sob so hard she can't breathe because we were betrayed by someone within our force that said they were under the boat with us. What, at this specific point in time, do you guys have any idea what the motivation behind This is? Not yet. Not yet. We Were all confused. I mean, we're still a little confused, but even then, right. Especially then I was just asking the question like, what, what is the rush? What, what is the, what's the target here? I don't understand. So we come back west and I honestly thought I still had hope in our community. I still had this, this, this. Yeah, you did undying faith.


Sure. And, and I still love our community. Lemme be clear, but I fully expected we'd come back to a huge apology and an explanation. Yeah, man, we're so sorry. How did this happen in NSW? Here's what we know. Here's the explanation, man that got away from us. We're really, really sorry, Brad, for what we put your family through. Crickets. So I start asking around, Hey, why I'm concerned that nobody else is concerned. Back to the point these two gentlemen make. Like how did we get to a point where you were rushing to take a major command selected captain to mast? I'm not a perfect human being, but I have a pretty good track record of being trustworthy and professional in this force and reliable.


How do we rush to going to mass with me? And no one around here is concerned that we had false testimony and fabricated evidence. That's a problem. Even if it was all innocent, which I hope it still comes back to be. I said, are we not concerned about that? Shouldn't we be like really concerned about that? That sounds to me like a cultural problem we might have that we need to address. Certainly worth identifying that it was innocent versus malicious. Yeah. This is, this is the stuff that, that at breakfast, I was saying, this reminds me of the Gallagher case under different circumstances. And I mean, the Navy iss always the Navy. Let's be clear, I've been doing this a very long time.


I, I wait for people to contradict me that I believe I'm the longest serving military or Marine Corps defense counsel, continuously serving Marine Corps defense counsel. I did it. Oh, almost 10 years. Right? Most people get rotated out. I've seen this play out in the Marine Corps in the Navy. It's, it's how our institutions run these kind of cases. Now, if it's public, they will do whatever they want. The rules don't apply. And you've got to have somebody who's ready to get in that knife fight because you can't be confident that anybody's gonna conduct themselves honorably. What a shame. So this is just the tip of the iceberg. Let's get to the meat, right? Yeah. Fast forward, we hear.


Then a few months later, I kept Jason on retainer because we had this eerie feeling when no one was concerned that, Hey, we might be revisiting some of this stuff. So we hear then, hey, the, the Navy has given this to Netsy Navy education and training command to do a new independent investigation that will look into the, the, the, the death of Seaman Kyle Mullen in the circumstances surrounding his death at at BTC during your time. I said, okay, that's fine. I was pretty confident at that point. Objective evidence would rule the day and we would be vindicated at some point. And right as they started that investigation, they sat down with me in October and, and, and I was able to provide testimony to them. That was the first time October Kyle had died the previous February.


That was the first time any one single investigative body asked me for my perspective on anything. Yeah. No one who did the loie, no One talked to you. No one talked to, no one who did the command investigation, talked to him at any time. Like a brief, Brief introduction, but nothing substantial. No interview. Why, Why We have no idea Rigged the investigation. That's the only conclusion. Very strange, right? We don't want to include any sort of exculpatory or contradictory information because we've concluded our outcome. And so we're gonna shape it to meet our outcome. Who Did they talk to? My cadre. And a lot of failed candidates. Yeah, that's right. A lot of failed candidates. A Lot of people that would have an ax to grind, frankly, Some of them I dropped for pet use.


Some of them I dropped for character. They talked to those guys quite a bit. So when I did, did they talk to any guys that made it? A few. But, but those, so yes, to be fair, they balanced it out in the, in the eventual netsy investigation. They did do that. But what I'd offer is, while they had pretty fair between the two, the ones that made it, that reported, Hey, this was a great professional command, they just kind of buried in the, in the enclosures. And they brought to the forefront, really the, the visceral testimonies about my command. So they, when they talk about findings of facts, when you talk about the executive narrative, they specifically cherry picked the negative comments from failed candidates and included.


So for instance, the guy that I said we dropped for the same drugs that we found in Kyle's car, his testimony was included. And there was no indication that you should consider that testimony as less valid than any other one that you read In fact, that context I don't think was necessarily given. No, no, No. They, they never described. The only reason that I knew that these so-called summarized witness statements were incomplete, completely impeached by their own character was Captain Geary. there was no context. What kind of information was on the witness statement? Oh, oh, not in your Favor. We're going off a two years of memory since they wont. Yeah. Some of it Was, was, oh, we recommended that we drop this candidate. Yeah, Brad overruled us and retained him.


Anyway. Yeah. I mean, there's things that talked about how I just kind of was running my own show and not listening to counsel from my, my expert instructors, which is just not true. I've already explained how we methodically manage those scenarios. there was just a lot of stuff like that, making it sound like I was a negligent and just absent-minded commanding officer Who looked a blind eye. Really? Yeah. Really sounded like that. Intentionally looked a blind eye or took a blind eye away from, from drug use. You know? So when Netsy questioned me, one of the things we did was we provided them my rebuttal to that faulty investigation, that initial command investigation. They read it, and one of their lead investigating officers told Jason after the fact that was edifying.


So we had hope there. We had hope. So we knew that they had the initial investigation. They knew, we knew they had my rebuttal. They continued their investigation for the next few months when silent again for me during this period of time. All of a sudden, the Navy released a press statement in October of 22, right around the time they were starting that investigation. And the press statement was very, very brief. But it, but it said something new and it said something that confused me. It said maybe my words I don dunno if I'll get it exactly accurate, but, but something to the effect of performance enhancing drugs were not a causing factor in, in Kyle Mullin's death. I thought that was very strange because in all the documents I had read in all of our rebuttals and, and, and digging through documents, we never found that statement anywhere.


Mm. Because you can't say that statement. So it was confus We found the opposite. We found the opposite. Yeah. Like I said, the original line of duty we found was, was actually said that the drugs were a co contributing factor. So about this time, I started asking more questions and I found out that, that in that initial line of duty investigation had actually, this was a brilliant move by the admiral who had, who had, who had directed it to be done. He gave it to an inspector general representative to War com Naval Special Warfare, who was an aviator by trade. So zero bias from an NSW SEAL perspective, an aviator independent inspector, general rep acting outside of his inspector general role.


But still, like this guy's, a trained investigator, fully trained, fully trained investigator with a, with, with, with pretty objective, you know, no bias. He's the one who came back with that peds were likely contributing factor, conclusive statement. Then the admiral said, we're gonna take it a step further. I wanna take this investigation and outsource it. And have Vice Admiral Kitchener now retired from Surface Forces Pacific, do an independent review of everything with his force, medical officer, force training officer force, judge advocate, and a couple other experts. And they came back with, we, we paraphrased, again, my word's not theirs. But not only do we agree with all the findings, we, we affirm that drugs were likely a contributing factor. And they even went further to add more causal nature to his, his heart size being a, a major factor.


His heart was 63% larger than it should have been and had been interiorly restructured over time. Pretty significant differences in his heart from, from yours and mine versus, versus what his looked like. And our basic Google search said, long-term pets use can be a cause of that. Sure. Not definitive sure, but can be. So now we have, you know, some proximate cause relating the two, but almost none of that was ever mentioned. So as we dig in, what we find is, even though that review was independently verified, they send it up to Washington DC to the Pentagon for final review. This all went out, predated where I was in time, but we're just now realizing it. And they were told, no, we don't accept the findings.


We want you to re-scope this investigation. We are going to limit what you can say. And they redid the entire thing from scratch, even though it had been independently verified by other experts. And the new one now no longer said anything about drugs being a factor at all. Yeah. It changed the investigation 'cause they didn't like what it said. What's really interesting about it is when I dug into that investigation, now I found, so this is, I'm sorry, is this three investigations now? We're at three now? Yes. Yes. Okay. With a fourth one ongoing. Yeah. Still With a fourth larger one going. Fourth one's still ongoing largely. Yeah. Yeah. That's the, that's the other one. It's, it's super confusing. Yeah. And, and just so you know, the regulations, I mean, that's, that's one of the unfairnesses in the military as far as I'm concerned, is that these administrative investigations are owned by the implementing commander.


That person who owns who, who orders it. And they can re-scope it or redirect it or disapprove findings anytime that they want. They're in total control. So the fact that, that we have this concept that command investigations are somehow an unbiased fact finding development thing, it absolutely is not. It's just another tool to slant the narrative to commander's intent. You know? So Is that how this works? When, when, when a commanding officer's order orders an investigation? Yeah. Is it, this is how I want this to go. I, as a commanding officer, am able to order, let's say, junior officer investigating officer to conduct this investigation.


I give them the scope in the enabling letter. In the in promulgating letter. I tell them what to look into. I, I tell them, I can even set it what not to look into. I've seen some command investigations, In fact, I'm litigating one right now in a different case where they essentially said, don't look for contradictory information. Right. But even in cases where that doesn't exist, the minute the investigating officer finishes it, even after it passes a legal review, it can go back up to that same commander or a superior commander, and they can disapprove it. They can just say, no, I don't agree. Go back and redo it. Or they can even go so far as to say, well, based on what you received, I, I disapprove finding a fact, A, B, and C, and I enter finding a fact D, e, and F.


Right? So that it's totally malleable. Okay. So as I'm looking at the new investigation now, which says nothing about drugs being a causing factor, I go to the final six enclosures, which are six subject matter expert doctors. They consulted, what's very interesting is five of the six, all agreed drugs likely or probably, or possibly contributed to his death. The sixth doctor abstained from commenting, it was outside of his field of expertise. So thought that was strange. You have a five of six pretty good consensus over here. Yet we just left that language out, like the original reflected. So asking, if I recall, even the six said, I'll rely on one of the guys. Yes. Who, who did. Yeah. I defer, suggest I defer experts. Yeah. So, So at this point, I now start confronting senior leaders.


I'm doing exactly what they tell you to do in the Navy. Right? You have a problem, you have an ethical dilemma. Go up the chain and start asking questions. So I say, Hey, I don't understand. I don't understand why the Navy released a press statement saying, drugs were not a contributing cause in his death when we pretty conclusively know that they were, well, Brad, you have to understand that these things aren't, aren't that easy. I said, well, okay, help me understand. Like, that's what I'm asking. That's what I'm here for. Well, well, what you don't understand, Brad, is that the original line of duty investigation was way outside of scopes. They had to narrow it down. Okay, well, that's weird, but either way, why'd they come to a different conclusion? Well, you have to understand, the medical professionals didn't have a consensus. I said, well, actually they did. You had five of six.


That's pretty good. I mean, that's, that's the majority. So again, why did they say it? Well, Brad, what we have to understand is the autopsy said that drugs weren't a contributing cause. I said, actually it didn't. 'cause I read that as well. It was the autopsy was silent on the issue of drugs, never mentioned one drug possible. That is not saying they didn't do it. And then I was told, well, Brad, I'm concerned that you're letting this consume you. You know, we have mental health professionals that you can talk to if you need it, Letting this so you're crazy, Brad, you're crazy. You're letting this get to your head. So, well don don't really appreciate that answer. And this is a, this is a man, I, I, I consider a friend. He said that to my face. I mean, it shattered my soul a little bit. I'm coming to you in a vulnerable position with an ethical dilemma.


And I, and I can see what's happening. You're deflecting and, and marginalizing and v justifying things that you know to be not true. And you're trying to spin it back on me as if I have a problem, because I'm concerned that we might be lying as United States Navy. So I go to another senior leader and I was told Brad, this is what we do. We protect the organization. I was in on those conversations. We made a deliberate decision to reinforce that narrative. I said, why would we do that? This doesn't make sense to me. Like, I can see what's happening here, and this is going down a very, very dangerous path. How are you protecting the organization by faulting the organization rather than, So, 'cause Well, the organization had set a narrative, right?


The, the, the Secretary of the Navy Navy had set a commander's intent of what what was going to be the, the, the Navy answer. And nothing could contradict that. So What what was revealed to me shortly after that was an insider forwarded us an email. And that's the email that the congressman released to the press, which, which explained this. It finally, at least explained it to me, still didn't make sense why we did it, but explained at least what we were doing. So as they were debriefing the family on, you have this email? Yep. We'll put it on screen. Yeah. The congressman released it. So it's out there, this email, they were debriefing the family on the findings of the new investigation, which now left out any mention of drugs, even though the previous one did talk about drugs.


And in the debrief to her, they showed the family a, an advanced copy of the press release. They were gonna, they were gonna send, and she asked the United States Navy to change the press release to reflect that drugs did not contribute to her son's death. And they agreed and changed it. Yeah. And it's clear, I mean, it's absolutely clear that the narrative in the paragraph says, we gave Ms. Mullens a copy of the press release. She said that it, that we needed to include a statement that peds were not a contributing factor because she had been targeted with some harassing calls, blaming her son for trying to cheat.


And she needed to quote clear his name. Right. And look, let me tell you, that is entirely the intent a mother should have. Right? It just doesn't become policy and factual rep representations by the US Navy. Right. You don't just get to change it. And that was, that email was the same day, October 12th, 2022 that they issued the press release that still is hanging there with that statement. So they changed it from, might not have been, or, or was a contributing factor to not a contributing factor. And, if as people are looking at the email, take a look, who's on the two line, right?


Everyone of any consequence in the Navy was notified of this. The investigating officers who started the Netsy investigation around the same time were CC'd on that email. So as they began their new investigation, they had pretty clear commander's intent on what your findings will be. That that drugs did not cause his death. Wow. Now what's, what's what's also we, what we also learned is I started asking about this, Hey, why did the autopsy not mention drugs at all, when all of his physiological symptoms point for point were consistent with all the peer reviewed studies of every drug we found in his car and all the side effects that can cause catastrophic organ failure? It was very interesting. Through that process, we learned that the autopsy pathologist deliberately chose not to test for any of the drugs that we recovered, even though NCIS was in the room and showed that pathologist a list of said drugs instead, that pathologist decided to do a standard toxicology screening for the, the normal street drugs, Which wouldn't indicate any.


So performance enhancing drugs, What I would offer the laws of logic dictate I got it. You decided not to test. That's a whole nother conversation on why you would've done that. But, okay, so we can't medically definitively say that drugs caused his death because we just don't know, because you didn't test his body. But if that's the case, then you cannot say the equal and opposite position that drugs did not kill him either. 'cause of the laws of logic, the trade spaces in between the two. They might have possibly could have probably, sure, we can negotiate and, and, and debate that all day long based upon the contextual evidence or just Omit any discussion of pets. But you cannot say that they did not contribute to his death when you never even tested.


You don't know that. What did the autopsies, it determined cause of death as pneumonia. And it said contributing factors I think were cardiomyopathy melia, cardio cardiomegaly. So in enlarged heart, but it ignored the actual internal restructuring as well. Even though they annotated in the notes, they didn't qualify that probably with as much severity. I'm not a doctor, but I've talked to quite a few cardiologists on this thing. And it was very interesting because what a lot of other doctors told me, Hey, you don't go from clean vitals to five hours later being dead from pneumonia. Like nobody decompensates that fast when they're breathing normally and, and have a good O2 saturation and, and good pulse and no fever.


Like that's not how, that's not how bacterial pneumonia works. Especially considering, like we said, he was on prophylactic antibiotics at the time. And his, his, his last med check after Hell Week has all been documented absolutely in his med record ironclad. It's out there. I mean, that actually has been released to the public as well. All that data. It was, it was, I can't remember who released that one, but I know, I remember for a fact it was. So all this was sounding very interesting. And then it progressed, Netsy wrapped up their investigation, I want to say January, February of, of 2023. And it was interesting. They sent an advance draft to Naval Special Warfare to review and provide comments.


And this is where it gets even, I think, more nefarious. So I'm on the nails, bush warfare staff at the time. I'm one of the key leaders there. And I'm going to these meetings where they have taken most of the senior leaders, oh, sixes and GS 15 government service employees, and said, Hey, your primary job is to digest this investigation, come back with recommendations to the admiral. At this point, what was made known to me is, Hey, that investigation's about 3,500 pages long. It's like, wait, what? That's massive. So, so it took them a while. This is a massive staff effort. Very weird because they'd be talking about progress in meetings that I was in and everyone knew I was there and hadn't been briefed on anything, wasn't allowed to be briefed.


But they were talking around it with me in the meeting, incredibly isolating and dysfunctional, but okay, here we go. So they did that for a few months. Insiders fed me information like, Hey, did you know that the executive summary of this thing never once mentioned drugs, 3,500 pages didn't even mention drugs. And the charter for the investigation was, remember, investigate all the context surrounding the death of Seman Colol that's relevant to his death. You found the drugs we found, and you didn't even mention the executive summary. So our staff put together a proposal to our admiral, which included 70 pages of rebuttals, which they sent back to Netsy. Now, I don't have the insight information on what was changed, what was not changed.


But basically around this time, I was very, very concerned about the path we were going down, based off what I was hearing and finding. And I wrote two letters to the admiral and said, I'm very concerned, like, by the way, here's your referenced ethical guidance to the force. Here's some of the evidence I have that there have been ethical violations, not only within your force, but up and out related to this whole case. I don't wanna presume to speculate or understand why, but there are major problems I'm seeing here, violations of joint ethics regulations. And, and I have concerns. I'm ask, this is a cry for help. This is a cry for help. Like, like this is not get, I, I'm getting very uncomfortable about how this is going because every time I ask, all I ever heard was, Brad, you have to trust the process.


Brad, you're overreacting. Brad, this is what we do. We protect the organization. All reasons for me to be, be uncomfortable with, with where this is going. I could, I could see it coming. And I will note that in the Nets e investigation, we fully complied like, you know, against almost every fiber of a defense counsel's being right. We made the decision to do a, a full and complete interview with the investigating officer. Yeah. Unfortunately, even then, I mean, we saw things deliberately misconstrued some of your quotes around attrition and things like that. We'll get there. We're jumping too far ahead 'cause they hadn't published it yet. I wanna, I wanna pause and, and provide another piece of context here.


'cause we've talked a little bit about I'm a man of faith and, and our faith has helped us in my career go through some serious adversity and and suffering. And it's what drove a lot of my, as we discussed, philosophies of leadership at BTC, how to love the people entrusted in my care, both cadre and candidates alike. And so I was struggling with this, this, like, I struggled with Adam's death. I was like, God, why in the world are we going through this? Like, I'm watching this happen in real time. I'm, I'm standing up and down, I'm screaming, I'm waving my arms, I'm asking for help. I'm concerned. Nobody else is concerned. Why is this happening? We have evidence of people betraying us within our own force, but no one seems to care.


I just keep getting the same lines. How are we so obtuse? How are we so, how are we so just, just numb to what we should all be concerned about? And and we spent some time really deep in prayer, just searching for answers in scripture and, and looking for some sort of resolve, some sort of reprieve, some sort of answer. And, and I think we got it. It was interesting around this time side story that's, that's very relevant to this. I realized I had a, I had a lucid dream one morning as we're in the depths of this despair, just utter despair. Just, just dragging. Like, it's hard for me to get outta bed in the mornings. It's the last thing I think about as I fall asleep. It's the first thing I think about when I wake up.


And I had this lucid dream, and it was me climbing this mountain in Afghanistan. And it was one of those nights, you, you know, the knights where nothing's fitting, right? My, my kit's off kilter. It's rubbing me on the wrong places. My gun's banging in my knees, my nods are fogging, my helmet's canted. I'm, I'm smacking my elbows on these rocks as I'm climbing these massive boulders up this mountain. I know it's wartime 'cause I can hear the sounds of war, but it's just me. And I'm there and I'm climbing this mountain, and all of a sudden I'm at a funeral for one of my teammates and I'm, I'm pounding his trident into the casket. And you know what that's like. And I'm back on the mountain. So it was a weird dream. I've never had anything like this happen to me. But I'm heavier. I'm carrying that weight with me.


I'm climbing again. And now I flashback to another funeral, another Trident back to the mountain. This goes back and forth a lot. Way too much to the degree that by the time I get to the top of this mountain, I'm so bone weary, fatigued. I'm, I'm hunched over leaning on this beam and I'm sweating and I can, I can't even, I can't even catch my breath. But finally I do, and I lift my head and I see I'm standing at the foot of the cross and I see Christ's feet at my head and they're a bloody pulp. And I hear someone say, how beautiful upon the mountain or the feet of him who brings good news.


And I knew in that moment what I needed to do. And in my dream, I pulled my last Triton off and I pounded it in the foot of the cross. And I woke up and I wrestled with that one. And I, I was, I was praying about it and I said, Lord, are you asking me to give you my bird? Are you asking me to take steps, which is gonna take this off my chest? Has this become an idol for me that I've held onto too long? You gave me a lot of success through my career. Like ridiculous, absurd success. Did you give all that to me so that you didn't say, not give it back to me and show me how much you loved me? And I felt that was what he was doing. I felt that's what he was saying. So then we got to the point where I was about to send these two letters. And I knew once I crossed that threshold and start advertising my knowledge of the ethical violations, this is gonna go one of two ways, but it's probably gonna go the way I, I think it's gonna go.


Which is not well for me. And so I started making those decisions and I, I was wrestling with the Lord at one point and I said, Hey, is this for sure what you want me to do? Like I need to know, this wasn't just a crazy dream. Maybe I had too much whiskey the night before. Is this really what you want me to do? Are you asking me to take this step in faith and, and give you everything that I've bled for everything that I've watched my friends die for? And it was interesting. I was on this prayer app and I swipe right to the next verse. And as I'm, as I'm wrestling with the Lord on this, the verse pops up. It's Exodus 20, verse three to four. And I've, I've read this verse in the past and many people have, no one saw it for what it was. You're gonna dig it. If I had my phone, I'd pull it up, but I'll I'll quote it.


Basically it's Moses coming down off the mountain and he's telling the Israelites, he says, you shall have no other gods before me, and you shall not carve for yourself idols of images, of beasts of the air, beasts of the ground beneath the air and beasts of the water beneath the ground. Hmm. Wow. See air and land. Hmm. The Trident. It blew my mind, man. Wow. Yeah. Right As I was praying for, is this really what you want? Are you telling me to give you my idol? That's the verse that comes across my, my phone. I started sobbing and laughing at the same time. I'm belly laughing now. I was like, you gotta be kidding me. Like you have an incredible sense of humor. Okay, message received, like I understand now.


I would offer, at the time I still didn't understand the scope of where this would take me to this moment today. I didn't understand fully. I was still hoping my career could be salvaged at some point. But I knew I was taking definitive steps on a different path at that point. And I was giving up something that had meant a lot to me. But I was doing it for the right reasons, for truth, for the values and the principles that we say matter to us for all the, the, the professional development. You and I have sat there where they talk about the need for ethics and the need for principles and the need for standing up to do what's right. So about this time, right around that time, I find out that they're gonna release the finished netsy investigation out to the press I. think it was late May, early June of 2023 now.


And, and the, the day before that happened, it was, I think they released on a Thursday, Wednesday night. I was talking to my admiral about it and I said, Hey sir, pardon my language. I said, how fucked up is it that I've not been briefed on any of this? This was my command. You all say I have total responsibility for my command. Okay. Why have I not been confronted with any of the evidence that that's been gathered here? Why is the news gonna hear about this before I do? Yeah. Why do I stand to learn more about this investigation into my command by watching the news this weekend than I do by my own force? Does that seem odd to anybody else?


That sounds terrible, Brad. Really sorry about that. Okay. So they released the investigation and at that point, what I read redacted indicated to me that there were lies throughout it and it was even worse than the original CI that we talked about. So at that point, that's when I started appealing Congress and saying, Hey, I have problems. All the things I previously highlighted in these letters, I started talking to congressmen about. 'cause I, at that point, I was convinced nobody else is gonna be concerned about this. We, we have to go outside the lifelines. The three congressmen that I appealed to gave me the time of day. I said, listen, don't listen to me because it's a compelling story or because you like me. Look at the evidence I provide And. if you disagree with me, shoot me straight. Tell me I'm taking crazy pills Within 24 hours, each of them and their staff's called back.


No, we're on your side. This is insane. We are submitting an official congressional inquiry that deliberately questions the investigative integrity of what happened here. And, and they did I think it was 40 something questions they submitted to the special operations legislative affairs department of the Navy and said, here are problems with what we see that looks like happening. We want answers to these questions. They were owed a response by July, mid-July of 2023. Here we are, mid-June of 2024. And they've not received a response yet. Nothing, nothing, nothing. Since it was your command, could you have ordered your own investigation? Not at that point. No.


No, no. They were, I was marginalized. I was put in staff purgatory and I was the guy in the back seats of the room. Yeah. No one, no one was paying attention to what I said. And, and that was one of my other problems too, that I, I articulated up the chain of command. I said, I'm seeing a lot of people making decisions about things that need to be done over in the training command, yet no one's talked to me. I'm concerned the wrong decisions are being made without the context that I have. Why would nobody wanna talk to me about this? Especially given the fact that not only did I do a commanding officer tour there, but it was a bonus command tour. And I'd done my executive officer tour years ago out of all the officers in Naval Special Warfare, not one other person has as much experience than I do in our selection assessment and training in our pipeline than me.


Not one. But you're making decisions based off of what, what are you missing? I don't know. I was concerned you're, I think you're missing things. Little did I know how much they were missing. And lemme just tell you, that's In fact pattern alpha for how even senior officers are treated. When something like this happens, you're, you're ostracized, you're excluded, you are just, you're relegated to this side and you know, you're lucky if you end up finding out why in detail. Let's take a break. Okay. Thank you for listening to the Shawn, Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review.


We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. All right, Brad, we're back from the break. Yeah, I had a question about some candidates. Yes. And, if anybody witnessed Kyle using Yes. So yes. Domestic drugs to explain that contextually, shortly after we were just talking, I was again charged with NJP. It was only at that point that I was now able to fully see the entire 3,500 page investigation plus the 1500 pages of references that it was built from as well. It was insane.


And it was the same MO that we had previously experienced where I could only review it on a standalone laptop in a closed environment with no print capabilities. I had a redacted version with everything blacked out that I could print at home. And so I would have to review it home with my wife and attorney on the phone if we had questionable material. I would walk that into work, review it side by side comparison on the laptop, hand write in the information that answered the question, whether this is relevant for us to pursue more of or not. And then rinse, repeat for all 3,500 pages. Keep in mind our first redacted copy we got from the press, Right? That's hung it online. So very frustrating effort.


One of the first things I learned once I started reading everything was I, I came across that original NCIS investigation that started when I was still in the command seat. I finally had access to that. Very interesting because I found out that within a month and a half of his death, NCIS had ripped his phone and came across four separate text threads where Kyle was talking about using drugs, sharing drugs, buying drugs. Can I get the contact info for a drug dealer and then contact with that drug dealer about purchase and exchange of money for goods That, What was that on His phone that NCIS had ripped within a month and a half of his death. And that was in the investigation.


This was in the NCIS investigation that I was now able to finally see in the fall of 23. Is That the same investigation as a 3,500 page Report? No, that's just a referenced investigation inside the 3,500 page report. Yeah, yeah. Okay. The NCS criminal investigation. So it's buried within and hidden and obscured. So I thought that was very strange. We here, we had basically confessional, we actually had Kyle on a text thread saying he had a bad reaction to his injection site in his buttocks from apparently a bad batch of tea indicating he may have gotten a bad batch of testosterone and a basically a confessional saying he'd injected it himself. What's interesting about that also is we f found out through this, and I'm getting to your question, no one ever tested the contents of the vials for any kind of contaminants, even with that information.


So we don't know what he could have contaminated himself with. When I later told the FBI and the DEA about that, they said, what about the fentanyl crisis across the United States? Did anyone think of that? I said, well, that's a good question. You should ask somebody else. But all I know is they didn't bother testing the vials. So we had now confessional text threads of using injecting with other people. And the purchase of drugs took me about five minutes to realize, well, hang on a second, let me run those names through my student database. And come to find out, three of those four text threads were with other candidates that were serving underneath my command. So NCIS and Naval Special Warfare had information about people actively using drugs with Kyle Mullen while I was still in command and withheld that information from me and let me to continue to train them, knowing the risk that was presenting to their health, never disclosed it to me.


I did another database search, one of 'em graduated, is now a SEAL at SEAL team seven. So I asked my successor, Hey, did anyone fill you in that you were training a guy who confessed to using drugs and buying drugs and sharing drugs in text threads with Kyle Mullen? No. So we were allowed to accept blind risk while the, the narrative was we care very much about these and we wanna stop this problem. But you had direct evidence within a month and a half of his death and everyone ignored it. No follow up questions by NCIS for any of those people, even though we had their names, phone numbers, everything, everything. I double checked the Netsy investigation. Did anyone bother to, to question any of those guys? Not one.


Only one of them was questioned at one point. It was before they discovered the text threads about him. He was discovered as talking about how he visited Kyle in his room post how week med checks. And he gave a description of how Kyle looked and behaved in that moment. So lemme get this straight. We've got a guy who confessed to talking with Kyle after Med X were complete when we all left the area. We also have that same guy on text threads talking about using drugs. We also have drugs found in his car with a cooler and ice packs. I mean, I, I'm not a, I'm not a detective, but this isn't really that hard to piece together. And we had all, maybe you should be, maybe I should have been. I didn't stay at a Holly Express last night. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, we have that information.


What's even worse than that? We've recently discovered a lawyer reached out to us and, and what's the term I'm looking for? Jason, You have me on this one. I'm Sorry. Okay. The lawyer reached out to us and said, Hey, is anyone oh, an exculpatory email? Yes, thank you recently. And said, Hey, by the way, I represent some clients. We've been trying to get ahold of Naval Special Warfare. I emailed them back in September when I was charged with mast and preparing for my defense and said, I have, I represent clients that have exculpatory information that will clear the senior medical officer Brad and the other officer as well. So, so Jason reached out to him, said, what's this exculpatory information? He said, well, I have guys who are willing to come forward if they're provided immunity and admit that not only were they using drugs with Kyle, they saw him inject himself post med checks complete right before he died.


So we said, well, the next question was, wait a minute. You sent Naval Special Warfare an email about that last September while I was preparing for masks because nobody, nobody clued us in that we had a line of exculpatory information that we should pursue in our defense. That's a violation of due process rights. And let's be clear where they're gonna come back and try to parse this is, you know, NJP is not a criminal charge in a criminal charge. It, it is a rule that all exculpatory information, anything that would be materially helpful to defense has to be disclosed. I mean, yeah, technically it's not a written rule that in an administrative proceeding you should disclose all exculpatory information, but it absolutely echoes in the same due process concerns.


You're basically going into something that is quasi-criminal in nature. Right. A non-judicial punishment has charges specifications. Your option if you deny mast or or NJP, is to go to court martial Right. To, to man court martial. So it's like just short of the criminal line. Right. And here they are holding an exculpatory piece of evidence and, and just failing, disclose it to us in any way, let alone re-scope some of the investigation, let alone start inquiring as to areas that would clear Kevin Geary. Right. Other things we Discovered. Yeah, just say, I was just gonna say, but talk about accountability and talk about leadership.


You still have the big Navy narrative. Right. You still have the big NAR navy narrative, which is performance enhancing drugs had nothing to do with his death. We have to look for a scapegoat for this. Right. So they have access to all this information at the highest levels. Yeah. It's all out there. Even before these guys do, let alone that, that, that's one of the pieces of this that bothers me the most. Yeah. Is they knew that and they're allowing a false narrative. They're allowing him to catch the blame. They're allowing his cadre to catch the blame when they have access to all this information. Other things we discovered in those references for their total in 5,000 pages of material here, they referenced that initial investigation that we showed through our rebuttal that was false testimony and fabricated evidence.


And they had said, my rebuttal was edifying. Here's what's interesting. They included the investigation we showed was false. They excluded my rebuttal, which I provided them. Yeah. Which they said was edifying. Right. On top of that, they borrowed 12 enclosures of those summaries of interviews and reused those same 12 enclosures in their new investigation. Copy paste. Now it's ours. I already showed 'em that entire investigation was, was faulty and fabricated. And yet they not only excluded mine, but they used them anyway. Other things we found, they continued, like we talked about, grabbed testimonies from failed candidates. The pull-up candidate I talked to you about, about previously, he submitted false testimony. He said something to the effect of quote, I believe Kamlan is dead because male special Warfare, Basic, Training, Command cadre are drunk on duty, remediating outside of curriculum and denying medical coverage to candidates.


I mean, it was the most inflammatory thing I've ever read. Absolutely. Patently unfold. Un untrue and, and provably untrue. And yet these are the testimonies that people were compiling and regurgitating in the narrative. The one of the opening lines. Do you, do you have recourse Against these? So I have filed, yeah, well I have filed a, a complaint allegations to the CNO, which the congressman also released. So, so that's out there now stating all these point for point all of the things I say, Hey, they claim this, we said this actually. So we, we claim that they knowingly produced a false document knowingly perpetuated untruths. And we showed.