
Gina Carano, welcome to the show. Thank you. Thank you for having me. It's an honor to have you here, man. We've been going back and forth for, I think, since last December. Yeah. So been a long time coming, but I, I'm very happy you're here and, and thank you for making the time To come on. Well, thank you for being so patient. It feels like, I don't know, when January hit, it just felt like it's been nonstop since then. I, I don't know if it feels like that for anybody else, but I was on the shelf for a couple years and then bam, January hit and it's, I feel like I'm gone every two weeks. Yeah. So, but So you've been busy.


Yeah, I've been busy. Which is a great thing. I love being busy, but I've been watching you for, for a long time and just how, just how wonderful you're doing. Thank you. Thank you. And I don't even know you, but I really, I like your demeanor. I like how you speak to people. I like the questions you ask and it seems like a very comfortable, nice podcast you got here. Thank you. That means a, that means a lot. I really appreciate that. And I'm just so happy that you're here. Thank you. So I'm gonna start off with an introduction here. So Gina Carano, you are an American actress and former mixed martial artist.


You are a trailblazer for women in MMA being the first ever sanctioned female. MMA bout. He had a fighting record of seven wins, one loss, zero ties. He started major movies such as Haywire Deadpool Fast, and the Furious Six. The Mandalorian and The Terror On the Prairie unlawfully fired into Fame by Disney for speaking out and holding your ground on the L-G-B-T-Q agenda, COVI and election fraud. And with help from Elon Musk's lawyers, you are currently in a suit with Disney to get your story out, you become a prominent voice for free speech.


You are a wife, a Christian, and now a Montana resident. I'm, I'm almost a wife. Oh yeah. Almost a wife. Yeah. We should, we should be having a ceremony. Well, congratulations. Yeah. Soon. Hopefully when, I mean, When's that happening? I don't know. It might happen next year. We're, we're presently we, we had to kind of uproot our lives Yeah. From living in LA and an unsafe environment. And we moved into an RV and we traveled to Tennessee, Nashville, Tennessee, to possibly live here.


And in my head, I was thinking I was gonna end up working for the Daily Wire and we're gonna do a movie together, and we were gonna get this whole, You know, other Hollywood started for conservatives or for not just conservatives, but for anybody who just didn't want to kind of bend on the morales. And so I thought I was gonna end up here. And then, and I really, I wanna make this clear. The, the Daily Wire gave me a wonderful, Ben Shapiro gave me a wonderful phone call as soon as I was canceled. And he had said, You know, you need to punch back. You, you can't take this lying down. And they had this big long list of like, You know, joining their company at that time, a big contract.


And it was a little too much for me. And I was like, why don't we just start with a movie? And so when I got into the RV and traveled across, like, You know, I took my time because letting go of where I'd lived for 15 plus years in, in la You know, you kind of have to reintegrate yourself into your new life. And so I sold the house, bought the rv, have no idea how to drive an rv, figured it out on the way. And it iss like, it is like the legit one, You know, like it's all connected. You Got the big boy. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. And so, Well, how long did it take you to learn how to drive the rv?


Well, This lady was like driving us outta California and, and we also had a U-Haul. So Kevin Ross, who's my guy, he was driving the U-Haul with all of our stuff. We gave most of our stuff away and he was drawing, You know, driving the U-Haul with most of our stuff. We were headed to Arizona just to drop off the u U-Haul before we went to Nashville. Well this lady, I was trying to learn from her, like, you know, she drove us to the border and I was like trying to learn from her and she just was like, honey, you're just gonna have to figure this out yourself, You know? And I was like, big smoker. She's like, it'll be fun. It's not that bad. And I was like, shit, like, can you tell me what this button does?


Like, can you tell me what this does? And I just like, was like trying to pick her brain. But she didn't wanna have any conversation. She just wanted to do her job to get us to the border. And I was like, alright, well, we pulled over into a Walmart, she unhooked her car from our rv and Kevin's looking at me and he's like, well, you want me to drive? And like, I've driven horse trailers and I've driven a lot of, You know, we've moved ourselves so many times in life. I'm like, I'm not afraid of this thing. I just need to get in the seat. I just need to know what this button does. Yeah. And so that first day I drove 13 hours to get to Prescott, Arizona and there was a monsoon happening and the like, the streets were a mess.


And I was just like, yeah, that this would happen to me. Holy shit. But it was, it was great though. It was a learning, it was like the hardest learning curve of how do you drive an rv? And then we drove that RV across to come to Nashville, Tennessee. And it felt like the whole entire time a storm was following me, like I remember we started, we, You know, it was like around tornado season, whenever that is, but it just felt like there was a storm following us the entire time. And we went and we came out to Nashville and we got on this, this lake and we parked, You know, I always liked to be right on or not lake, it was a river we parked down on the river and, You know, it looked like people had lived there like full time.


And we parked down on this river and we stayed there for about two weeks. And then I was going into 10 Nashville and speaking with the Daily Wire, and then an Uber driver would bring me back out. And then we were finally gonna get into our Airbnb that we were supposed to be in for six months. Well, the day we moved out of that RV spot, it started a trickle down rain at 7:00 AM And I was like, wow, this is a, okay, this is awesome. Okay, so we're leaving now, it's gonna rain cut to the Uber driver calling me later on that day. And he's like, Hey, I, I don't wanna be an unprofessional here, but are you okay? And I was like, what are you talking about? Yeah, we just moved into our Airbnb we're great.


And he said, the place that you were at is underwater right now. And I was like, oh. Oh, okay. And that was that big flood that you guys had. Wow. And You know, when you saw those RV floating down the river, I was parked next to that rv Wow. And some of those RVs that were floating and like the path that we walked the days before was completely underwater. So it was really, it was a God thing as well. Some divine intervention Happening. Yeah. Because we wouldn't have had any idea and we would've lost the only home at that point we had, man.


So we moved into a, the Airbnb and had the conversation with the Daily Wire, because at that time they were talking about sag after the union for actors and, and everybody else, they were talking about mandating the vaccine. And what would would've happened is had we started shooting this, it was called White Knuckle. And it was about a trucker who was a, it was a cool, You know, like it would've totally been a hit kind of movie, a serial killer. And we would've needed to, needed that to be union 'cause of the stunts that, You know, involved.


And they said the Daily Wire said, look, You know, we hate that this is our first meeting with you. I mean, you just drove across country here, but we would need you to sign a contract that said that if SAG came to our set and demanded that everybody on that set was vaccinated, that you would comply with getting vaccinated. And I was like, just absolutely. And they know it Broken hearted just completely thrashed internally, You know, just, this is everything I was standing against.


And then I sh I'm moved my entire life in my RV over thinking now I'm gonna find my, my people and I'm gonna, yeah. You know, and this is the first meeting. Wow. And so, and they're not bad people. They just, they had to present me with the facts. And the facts is we can do a $4 million movie, have it be a SAG union, You know, hit basically, 'cause it was a great script. And Jeremy, Jeremy Boring is like, he's a genius. So he had been working on the script and it was turning into something really special.


And I just went home to the RV place 'cause we're still there. And I was like, this just in tears, just like, I moved away from this. I thought we were starting something different and very heartbroken. And then I went in for the second meeting and I told 'em, I'm just not willing to do that because who, who then would, would we hire? And they didn't wanna do it either. They just had to present the facts to me. And they, I was like, who then would we hire? And they said, well, we'd hired only vaccinated people besides you. And I said, I feel like this is everything I'm standing against.


So I guess no is the answer. And is there another option? And Dallas Sonier, he was like, yes, well there is another option. And he said, we're gonna, how about we just go up and make this this western that we all like. 'cause Dallas is really great at making westerns, even though he didn't wanna do another Western. He was like, well, and they automatically pivoted and they're like, okay, we'll pivot. We'll go up to Montana, we'll make this Western. It's not the movie we were planning on making, but we'll make it, we're gonna only be able to make it for, You know, $2 million. Which with, I don't know, horses and babies and the wi the, You know, Montana's big landscape and having to deal with all of that is pretty low budget.


But we went up there and we shot Tara on the Prairie while everything was closed down or they were mandating all of the stuff, stuff we didn't mandate masks. They started to try to do covid tests. And I was like, no, I'm not doing this. Nobody has to wear a mask. Nobody has to do covid tests. I'm not complying with any of this. You're not sticking this up. Everybody's nose, if they don't wanna do it, they don't have to. And we're gonna have a free set. Nice. And You know, we had a free set and it was a bunch of us delinquents, a bunch of us kind of like outliers out there freezing in November and you know, vote or was a prey Montana.


And we became a bit a big family out there and, you know, made a beautiful Western but had to take the hit on not making a big blockbuster. Kind of like, it wasn't the bang. I feel like, You know, Ben Shapiro and Jeremy and all of them really wanted to get, You know, and make their statement. But it was the right thing to do, Man. You've got a history of standing by your word and it's just, you don't, there's basically nobody does that anymore. And especially people in your position. And man, it's just, you're just such a great example, You know, to people, well I'm coming up and, and who are in there still who are looking for some courage and just thank you for being that way.


Thank you. I mean, I'm a complete, You know, human being with such incredible flaws everywhere. And I wouldn't put me on any pedestal. I, or I don't want people to. I, I think that the world has gone so far into sickness that just when somebody's just regularly kind of thinking healthier or more logically, that's actually an act of courage. And, and then I was like, well, You know, I've been through a lot.


I feel like every, we all have been through so much. But, You know, I wasn't pressured when I was a little girl. I wasn't pressured. I have to thank my mom for being my, my leader in this. Like, don't sacrifice yourself, you know, value yourself. And so I wasn't pressured by Hollywood. I never, never, You weren't pressured or the pressure didn't affect you. I wasn't, I never sacrificed myself to get a job. I never, I never, I I never had the Me Too moment.


I mean, I've had awful moments that would've been considered like, yeah that was extremely inappropriate on their part, but I wasn't a participant so I just really held on, held onto, I, You know, my agent and manager at the time, you get so upset with me. 'cause they're like, Gina, you're always saying no. And I'm like, well, You know, I'm not doing that. So it just kind of stuck my fight name actually in MMA was conviction. So that's kind of stuck. Nice.


Feel like your finance software isn't cutting it. Do you want the best financial software to help simplify spending, save time and keep you from getting trapped in busy work? Check out ramp Ramp is the corporate card and spend management software designed to help you save time and put money back into your pocket Ramp's Accounting software automatically categorizes your expenses in real time so you don't have to, the time you and your employees will save is incredible. Close your books up to eight times faster and save money. Businesses that use ramp report savings of an average of 5% the first year ramp is easy to use. And whether you have five employees or 5,000, you can start making payments in less than 15 minutes. And now get a $250 gift card when you join ramp. Just go to ramp.com/ss ramp.com/ss RA mp.com/ss. Visit ramp.com/ss for details. Cards issued by Sutton Bank member FDIC. Terms and conditions apply.


Are you tired of scrolling through social media and binge watching tv? There's a better way to spend your time that's educating yourself. That's why I am so excited that Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important subjects. You can learn about the works of CS Lewis. The stories in the book of Genesis, the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale Colleges online courses all available for free. That's right. For free. I personally recommend you sign up for Western Heritage from the book of Genesis to John Locke. In this 11 lecture online course, you'll explore the history and unique character of Western civilization and discover how its central elements gave rise to the American founding. It includes lessons on early Christianity, the Renaissance, the Reformation, the scientific revolution, and much more. The course is self-paced so that you can start whenever and wherever. Enroll now in Hillsdale's Western Heritage Course. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to get started. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss to register hillsdale.edu/ss.


And I pray to God, You know, that it does stick continually through my life. You know, I have plenty of awful stories I could tell you about myself, you know, but, but I feel like I'm on the up and up. And finally I was wondering when maturity would kick in. I was thinking it would like, oh, thirties. Yeah, anytime. But it really honestly didn't kick in until 40. I was a late bloomer. I'm still waiting. But, so how did you wind up in Montana? So, I mean, was that the, was it that set because Of the, we were supposed to shoot the white knuckle, the Daily Wire, white knuckle SAG Union, all of that in Nashville, in Tennessee area.


They, the, the director, he knew he, he was from Montana. And so we went up to Montana and we ended up shooting up in Montana. And I fell in love with it that I fell in love with, love with Prairie Montana. I had seen 25 states at that time, You know, just by traveling in Nashville and taking our time and then like traveling back and just seeing like all these states. And then when I got to Montana, I just looked at this big open sky and I was like, I can breathe here and I feel safe here. You know, I felt safe. I feel safe in Montana. And the people are so, they don't do, they don't, they're not gonna make it easy on you.


Like, oh, you want horses? Yeah, well you're gonna learn how to handle your own horses. And it's just been such a learning. I mean it's kind of funny 'cause I come out here and I'll get dressed up and you know, but when I go back home I'm shoveling and, You know, horse stuff and trying to figure out how to, how to get into these horses like trust area and take care of them. And then the chickens are a whole nother thing. 'cause So you're doing the whole thing out there? Yeah. You got a little, you got a ranch? Well, yeah, it's a little, little ranch. I'm trying to figure out the weeds. I love my John Deere zero turn.


It's one of my favorite things ever. I freaking love it. Never been on a, I mean in the, never done any of this. I mean I used to ride horses when I was little, but my poor stepdads did, did all the work. Now I'm doing the work and Kevin's doing the work and I love getting on that John Deere and just like trying to figure out how can I make this look pretty without all of this dead grass hanging around. 'cause we get that, that long grass that goes up to like waist. Yeah. And I always get stuck and I've almost flipped it a couple times because the damn thing like, You know, catches on the branches and I just, all my neighbors probably just look at me like, good lord, everybody thinks we should have a reality show just based on me.


Man. I love Montana. I I just love it out west. They've done, It was calm A great job of land conservation. Yeah. You know, 'cause here, I mean I don't, I don't know how much you recognize it, but this place, Nashville area Franklin like I, Well it seems like I was just in Knoxville. It seems like they have conserved a lot of land there. That's good. I mean, just flying. They here, flying in. I was like, there's trees and there's Knoxville. Looks pretty nice. They are turning this into a concrete jungle over here. It's pretty sad. Nashville Kind of reminds me of old school Vegas, like a western old school, Vegas.


'cause my family, I'm a Nevada girl, even though I was born in Dallas, but Nashville feels like what my papa must have seen. My papa Jackie's my grandfather, he passed last year and it must must've been what he would've seen when he moved from Ardmore, Oklahoma to Las Vegas and just had this little tiny strip. And he, he actually got into the gas station business. Oh really? Wow. He browed $5,000 from my grandmother's mom, mama Cobb and got a partner and they got this gas station and then the hotels started going up all around them.


And so the hotels, You know, some of the mafiosos, they, they didn't like that, You know, people were coming over to the gas station to get gas and to, You know, get the convenience store, which my grandma was smart enough to say buy the land. So they put up a a, a wire fence. So I would make it all the way, all the way through the, to the sidewalk. And so my papa had to go over there and ask them to take the wire fence down and had to do a deal with them. And they said, okay, we'll take the wire fence down as long as we can put slot machines in your gas stations. And so they bartered there.


No kidding. Yeah. Yeah. That was like 75 years ago when they moved there. Yeah, man, that's crazy. And then the other family was in Reno, Nevada getting into the CAS casino business. So both of my grandfathers are quite Yeah. A Nevada girl. No kidding. Well I want to dig into your childhood, but first everybody on the show gets a gift. Another gift, Another gift. Some Chocolate. Any guesses Coffee? No. No. What is This?


Those are vigilance lee gummy bears. Oh, very cool. Made in the USA. They're still legal in all 50 states. We have What do they weed? Gummy bears? No. Oh, they're just gummy bears just got me. Everybody thinks that we had somebody email in saying they're on their fifth bag and they don't feel anything. And my, my, I have, I had Vivek on, do You know Vivek? Oh Yeah. I love him. And he ripped one open immediately him, I mean, I don't know person. I don't know him personally, so I can't say I love him, but I just, I appreciate his voice. I do too. Oh my Gosh, this is a smart, I Really like That guy. Smart, smart man. Seems like He dove right in. And I said yeah, the effects of those will kick in here in about 30 minutes.


I'm gonna try one. I'll try one. This is very cool. So why did you decide that you wanted gummy bears? Oh man. It's a long story. But so I told you downstairs I was in the tactical training business for a while and I always kind of look at the market and see what everybody's doing and then I do the opposite. And so everybody in that game was, it was all protein shakes and chicken breasts and funness for pussies. And I was like, man, I like junk food. So, Oh, okay, sweet. This is what we're doing. And then I was gonna make CBD gummies and my marketer told me, don't do that.


You'll get sued like Juul for marketing to kids. So I said, fine, we'll just do regular gummy bears. Oh really? Because I love gummy bears. Jewel Got food for that I guess. I guess so. That's like unfortunate. So that's how that came about. You should have her on. I would love to have her on Jewel. We think you're wonderful. Come on on. Absolutely. He's a wonderful man. Thank you. But, but yeah, so I just, I think we should do a life story and then towards, when we get to that point, we'll talk all about Disney and, and all the great stuff they're doing these days. Yeah.


But, but That was hard hitting shows really, Man. But, but yeah. So where did you grow up? I was born in Dallas, Texas. I was lived there for one and two years old. My dad played for the Dallas Cowboys back of quarterback to Roger Staubach. So, so he didn't see a lot of playing time, but he did play a Thanksgiving and he did, well he was a quarterback at UNLV and until Randall Cunningham broke his records, so he had a, he was quiet and athletic. Awesome. Human being, very charismatic.


Like, it's so funny. He has this big afro and he's like very, like, they look like, nor like, I think it's northern Italian, it's like darker Italians. Although, You know, he has a lot more Italian than I do. But are, you know, it's, it's obviously like going away, You know, the more I got southern from Ardmore, Oklahoma and then I've got Italian from my Paan Corona. So yeah, he, he was playing for the Cowboys. So we lived there and I was born there while a tornado was trying to touch down while I was being born.


Oh wow. Yeah. So I always feel like a storm is chasing me. I have a thing with weather. I, I have a very, a sensitivity to weather. And then, then we moved to Nevada after he retired. Well we moved to Pittsburgh because they started a whole new smaller league that didn't last. And so we lived there for two years and then we moved to Nevada and he joined the rest of his family in the hotel business. Oh, okay. And so that was Reno, Nevada lived there till I was eight. And then my mom's who had, she was raised in, born in Las Vegas with my Papa Jack who I told you about the gas stations.


And so we moved to Las Vegas and yeah, we grew up in Las Vegas, which is not somewhere I would suggest raising children. Yeah. What, and you have two sisters. Yeah. Where do you fall in line? Where do you think I fall in line? Do I look like a first middle or child or like a baby First? Really? Nope. I say that 'cause the leadership, Oh well that would be a longer story, but I'm middle. You're in the middle child. No kidding. Yeah, definitely wouldn't have guessed that. I see things from all directions.


Right on. Yeah, right on. What kind of stuff were you into as a kid? Well, getting into trouble, me and my older sister, we just had a, she loved, she's this like free spirit and she just wanted to learn about what she was missing out on in life. I guess you'd have to ask her, but she, we lived out in the middle like 30, 45 minutes outside of town. Well now there's all these houses out there. But she loved to sneak out every night. And then I had a best friend Michelle, who's still a good friend and we would, You know, fish for forties, which were strangely like easy to get from people from like seven elevens Fish for what?


40 forties? What is that? Like 48 ounces of oh beer. Right on. And old English actually, which I tried it a couple years ago and I cannot believe we used to drink that so hard. I mean, destroyed my myself. I mean we would get our forties and then a couple times, like me and my friend Michelle, we would like climb up the back, You know, and like try to figure out how to jump up to get to that or like build something to get to that ladder and then get on top of the, You know, seven 11 world in eighth grade. I know how old you're, when you're there and we'd just like watch all the drug deals happen below.


And you know, we drinking our forties on top of seven 11. Nice. Yeah, we got into trouble a lot in my childhood, but then by playing basketball, softball, volleyball, I think I loved competition. I loved doing that. That was like a release for me. And so that kept me on the straight and narrow. And so my, we went to a tiny, small Christian school in the middle of Las Vegas, like five minutes away from the strip and right next to a gay bar and right next to a jewelry, a store that was always getting robbed and across the street from a pool hall.


My dad was pissed that this is where my mom wanted to send us to school, but she, You know, she just wanted us to go to a Christian school and it was a pretty delinquent school with some precious people. And it, and you know, our, our tires are getting slashed by like the, the middle school next door, You know, so it was just kind of like a funny existence. No kidding. Yeah. I only graduated with 30 kids, 30 other kids. And so when we started playing basketball, like, I mean, barely anybody knew how to get the ball across, You know, half court. And we were getting crushed all the time.


And so, I don't know, I was a natural athlete and I moved my self from a forward, 'cause our, our point guard couldn't get the ball when I was in eighth grade. Couldn't, she couldn't get it past half court. And so then I just took over and you know, me and my sister played together for two, two years. She, my older sister was very much more graceful than I was in basketball. I was just like a beast. Like a beast. Sometimes I'd, You know, I get the top score sometimes you would see like, I'm surprised I didn't crush down that poor, You know, basketball hoop. But if anybody fouled my, my, my teammates, like they were getting fouled.


They were gonna be held to pay. Huh? They was gonna be held because they were, You know, my best friend was like this tiny little super aggressive like defense. Her name's Ashley, super aggressive defense. And so they'd like elbow her and she was tiny and she was like, You know, the pastor's daughter and she wouldn't really do anything about it. So then, so then I would like, I would do something about it. Nice. So I, yeah. And we ended up going all the way to state and winning state for single a, this little tiny Christian school man. I got my eardrum busted out. They, I think all the, all the mothers were like, ah, You know, from the other teams. Like I thought there was supposed to be a Christian school because we just like, we're fighting out there, You know, traveling around, just try fighting to try to like, You know, we were just had this very small amount of people on our team.


And then I got top score at our state tournament in Reno, Nevada. And we only won one by one point. It was a gift that I could give my grandfather that he was our coach. We didn't have outfits, we didn't have, you know, we, he bought us all our outfits new, he bought all of the, the male varsity, junior varsity outfits new, he bought UNLV, the massive contributor to sports for UNLV. 'cause he was a big believer in sports saving children's lives. So he was a, he was having us running these plays, these college plays by my senior year.


And we, we built up a team and then at the end we ended up winning state, which was a victory. Wow. Yeah. Very special. We never, we both me and my papa who's now passed, never went back and watched that game. But I was, I was like throwing him from like half court and everybody was like, no, no. And oh okay, this is good. Okay. It went through and then it was funny 'cause I went from point guard and there's this massive middle that just, You know, nobody could defend her. And so I go from point guard back to like, just all, all over this massive woman and I, I shut her down and so that's why we won.


Wow. A big reason why we won. So, so you were kind of a protector from a super young age. Yeah. And it just, you've carried that with you all the way through life. Yeah, well I think after my parents got divorced, You know, my sisters are not, You know, we needed one, we needed a protector in our home and who else was gonna do it. And so I, You know, I felt so just internally that the, I I am the protector and I'll protect them and I tried my, my hardest.


When you say, so this started at home, so what did you need a protector from at home? We, my older sister had gotten into some extremely heavy drugs like meth. Well I tried meth my first time in ninth grade and you know, it started getting more and more introduced to us and You know, she, you know, she, she just, You know, I liked to respect her privacy but she just, You know, needed help. And it caused a extremely dangerous upbringing that I know she didn't mean, You know, she's a beautiful person.


But it, it caused me to grow up fast and I wanted to make sure my little sister didn't experience it like I did. And so I just had to, I had to step up because my mom was torn to pieces. My dad was torn to pieces. My dad lived in a different city and nobody really knew what to do. And I knew, you know, all the friends and I knew all, you know, what was going on. So like her best friend Camille was taken, it was so deep that her best friend Camille was taken out.


She got involved I think in between two of the drug, You know, gangs and was taken out in the middle of the desert and shot. Are you serious her, your si this is your sister's best friend? Yeah. When we were in high school and I remember we used to, in our truck we used to like drive around in our baby blue truck and You know, just be wild and just love it. And Camille was so full of life and just, just this is really, You know, was not afraid to throw down and she was all five two and just a beautiful person who, you know, just got wrapped up in drugs and the wrong people that You know that that is Las Vegas and that, that is childhood to me.


Wow. How did you find out she was, she got rolled up in the middle of the desert. They found her. Yeah. And we got taken me and I went with my older sister to the funeral and like I tell these stories and that's just, I don't know why that was our situation 'cause I came from a really well-to-do family after my grandfather's made such a wonderful life. So I have such a different perspective than even my, a lot of my cousins have, You know, I have the perspective of what life can be and this glorious beautiful like, You know, rich, you know rich and famous people.


And then I have this other perspective of you losing so many people to such unnecessary children. Like people in their twenties, I mean in Las Vegas, just losing them to it usually had to do with drugs. I lost my friend Bert, who that was a tough one. My boyfriend, my ex-boyfriend's brother ended up killing him in the middle of the desert, stabbing him 31 times. And that bur used to live with me in my like early twenties. Like it was unreal that we were experiencing these kinds of things and you know, and that's mild I think compared to a lot of what people experience in on in Los Angeles and Chicago and You know, but I got a taste of that kind of lifestyle, which I don't know, I would never raise children.


Not that I have any, or I don't know if I plan on having any, but I wouldn't raise them in the city. Yeah, well I mean that's, yeah, that's why me and my wife moved out of where we were in Florida for the exact same reasons. Mm. But I mean, what at what age did that kind of exposure to that lifestyle Start? Yeah, I would say, well my sister was a, my older sister was a free spirit, so that was from early, You know, but around I think after she had moved to college and started coming back, things got pretty serious.


Around 16 is when things started really ramping up for me where I would, You know, take cough syrup and just, I'd have to be up all night chasing you know, her around the town and then I would get that coding cough syrup and just try to sleep during the day and then try to make it to basketball practice or softball practice. And the whole, You know, staff, faculty kind of knew what was going on in my house at that time. So they yeah, they, the principal at one time, yeah, I got kicked outta English class 'cause I was exhausted and the principal knew me and knew my situation so she said, You know, honey, come on and just sleep on my couch for a couple hours.


So it was, yeah, that's when that started. Damn. But my, You know, I feel like we have, I'm very sensitive to it too, a severe mental health problem that is inspired by, You know, taking the innocence of children in whatever way, whether that's sexual or if it's introducing them to drugs and alcohol or whatever it is, is that, is that gateway It, it, it's a problem because if you don't protect children when they're younger and give them a solid base, then they're starting off from a shaky foundation that doesn't like help them in their life.


And so my older sister, she's a tough one and she's doing good and hopefully I love you if she ever watches this. And I am proud of everything that she came through. And I know that she tries every single day and like so much of us do. And then my little sister, I think she got more of like a protected, not perfect, but more of a protected upbringing. Not perfect, but, so she's actually over, like she's a complete opposite. She makes sure everything's perfect and she's got three little girls and my older sister's got this adorable little girl.


So Are you guys close? Yeah. Yeah. But you know, there is that you have to work with mental, mental health, you know, between all of us, you know, like we have to work on our mental health and if I've been in bad places, mental health in my life, just like anybody has, You know, and my life could have gone bad in south at one point multiple times. But mixed martial arts is the thing that brought me, instead of going the direction that I saw all of these people going in Las Vegas, mixed martial arts put me on the right path and I became addicted to that instead of, You know, fishing for forties.


Well by that time I was 21. So when you, when you say, I mean was there a specific incident that happened that made you kind of take the role as a protector within your family? Or was it gradual? I think, I think some things you just kind of all expressed through art instead of put into words, which is why I like art. 'cause you really can't like share without betraying people you care about.


And so I think I'd rather express those kinds of things through art. Okay. Well lemme ask you this then. So I I just, I didn't have a childhood like that. And just from doing, You know, these interviews with all kinds of people, You know, from all walks of life, what I've realized is, and and you're part of this testament now is there's so many kids out there that go through sexual trauma abuse, physical and sexual.


I mean it's, it's, i I don't have exact numbers, but it's like every guest that comes through here now has been through something as a kid. And so I guess what I'm asking is, there's, there's obviously a ton of kids that are going through similar situations right now with a, with a, with a, You know, a tough home life and going through all kinds of trauma. And so what advice would you have for kids that are going through something similar to that? Well, and I can share this 'cause this is, and he has shared it on the Joe Rogan podcast.


His name's Kevin Ross. And first of all, I, I would like to say my mother and my father and my family are incredible. And there was no sexual sexual abuse coming from my family. You know, my mother and father are wonderful and they did the best they could to protect us with my mom working jobs and my dad working heavy job and living in a different city and, You know, so they did the absolute best they could. And so when you hear these stories, even when I have dinner with my mom and she, it just, she, she burst into tears because she was the kind of mom that would, You know, you come home, let me smell your breath.


And You know, we're, we're sitting down at the table and we're praying. And even when her and my dad got divorced, it was, we're praying for your father on the way to school. And she was, and still is my, she's now my best friend and is heartbroken to hear, You know, like the, what the world that we kind of, me, my older sister kind of like were experiencing. And my dad is just, he's just a wonderful man. He just was a very much workaholic and was getting it done and being there for his family, which was just hustling and still hustling. Hustling to this day, You know, they are an incredible family.


So they are wonderful people and I am blessed to have come from this family of two groups, two different clans of one of the most beautiful, gentle hearted, amazing people. And so my childhood and becoming the protector, You know, they tried their best. And so this can actually happen, I feel like, to people with wonderful families, even if they're broken families, it can ha things can happen, you know, to anybody. And the you, you, you're, you're left watching these parents like fall to pieces.


Like how could this happen? We thought we were, You know, doing the best we could and we're good parents and, and it's not, it's not the parents' fault, You know, because the world is a, a sick world and it grabs a hold of 'em. But I can tell you of the story of a success story of a sexual abuse, which happened to Kevin, who is my heart. And he actually grew up in a home that he was with his dad living with his dad, who he was living with her around like 13, 14.


And his dad had a wife who was, You know, somewhere in her thirties and his dad was outta town all the time. And so his dad would leave and this woman would give Kevin ecstasy and sexually abuse him for two years. And not only was she doing that to, You know, a 14-year-old for two years, then she was doing it also to an 11-year-old for two years. And when I look at Kevin and I look at that kind of extreme thing that happened to him, it's like he wakes up every day for, for a long time it wasn't good, You know, for a long time he hurt himself a lot and then he found mixed martial arts and instead of cutting up his body or drinking himself halfway to death or You know, doing drugs and all of that, he picked up mar mixed martial arts.


And it was nice 'cause his dad was sitting there and he had his, Kevin had his 40 in his hand and didn't have any money to pay for classes. And his dad was like seeing how outta control it was getting and we loved each other so much, You know, at that time I was like 21 and he was 23 and it was getting outta control and well I'd been outta control. And his dad said, what would it take for you to put down that 40 old English? And Kevin's like, well his best friend had died of a heart, heart failure early on. And he said he had promised Mo that he would become a fighter someday and that's what was a dream.


And so he told his dad, well if I, if you gimme me some money to go into mixed martial arts, then I'll put this down, You know, and if you know 40 of old English, or at least back in that time you had to finish your 40, you don't not finish it. Right. And his dad is like, well then put it down right now and I'll do that for you and I'll give you your first, You know, money to go and take classes. And it was hard decision for Kevin, you know, and he put it down, left it there and you know, had certain bouts in his life where he, You know, experimented with drinking here and there, you know, now he can actually have like a beer or two and he's fine, he's not like a, but for a a decade he had to really not drink anything and he became what I would consider the groundbreaker, the groundbreaking Muay Thai person who just made Muay Hai extremely popular in America.


And by watching him clean up his life, and I'm absolutely head over hills for him, still am. I would go in and watch him and I started training and then we got introduced to this beautiful Thai co culture and a respect, you know, of like, You know when they ask you to say Master Toddie or Master Chan and you're sitting there like, call so new master, like this is odd, but then you're like all of a sudden you're like this ika, You know, master Toddie and Ika master Han and bowing before and after. And You know, it was just a beautiful self-discipline that we chose and let the rest of the group kind of, You know, they kept on partying and they kept on drinking and eventually Burt passed and we just kind of like decided that me and him were gonna, we were, we weren't going down that way.


And so we miss mixed martial arts. I believe God brought mixed martial arts into my life to make sure I didn't end up how I had seen so many people end up in my life. Wow. So you got, so you got into martial arts through your boyfriend Kevin? Yeah, Kevin. Fiance. Fiance. We just Need to have the ceremony is All and you guys are still together to this day. So we took a big, and it's really funny, my mixed martial arts career took off as soon as I started. People wanted, 'cause I was good 'cause I was athletic.


Kevin was good as well. But people were just so fascinated by how is this female like, You know, doing this. So I, I just really took off and I had a lot of firsts for women's sports. I was the first sanctioned female bout in Las Vegas, which by the way, my dad and I'll always give him a hard time for this, but I love him for it. He didn't want me to fight, You know, neither did my Papa Don. So they call up the boxing commission 'cause my dad used to be on the boxing commission. He was actually, he was actually on the boxing commission when Mike Tyson bit the ear.


No way. Yeah, yeah. So he, he really liked Mike Tyson actually a lot, you know, 'cause he understood his background and he understood that he, Tyson came from such a troubled background. My, my dad actually had really a lot of empathy in his heart for him when that, that ear white happened just to find out like, You know, Holyfield right. He'd bitten the ear years earlier. Yeah. So it's like, You know, it happens. Yeah. But so they called the boxing commission for this first female sanctioned bout and they said there's no way you're gonna let my, my daughter is not going to be the first female sanctioned MMA bout it's not happening.


'cause I'd been doing Muay Hai before that. I had garnered a record of 12 wins, one loss and one draw and Muay Hai. So I was ready to move to MMA by that point. And, and so my family wasn't having it. And so I was going through all of these tests and all of these extra stuff and Irv Dean, You know the referee Yeah. And the UFC, he would always laugh 'cause he knew how they tried to stop me from being a fighter. And then, and then they became my biggest supporters then they became just so proud of me and my dad's proud of me.


My Papa Don before he passed, he was proud of me. So, You know, they weren't able to stop it. My first fight was with a girl who shouldn't have been in there with me. 'cause I had a record of 12 1 0 1 and Muay Hai and it was doing well. So I finished her off in 39 seconds. 39 seconds. Yeah. But it was just like, You know, those older UFC fights that you see. Yeah. But that's what this looks like. Like I wasn't getting the underhooks I went over, it was just, it was pretty funny. But I just kind of like machine machine gunned down on her and they called it and I got the, I got the bug for MMA then and then had a beautiful career.


Yeah. How did they, so you started in Muay Hai, and correct me if I'm wrong, but you were, you went to Thailand Yeah. And trained there. Yeah, we went to Thailand and trained, which was one of the best experiences of my life. And I'm sure you can attest to, traveling is so important for people to see other countries and see how they live. And there's the good and the bad in it. You know, there's the part where you really appreciate what America has and it gives you a whole appre appreciation. And then there's another part of, You know, just the respect level of like, you not taking things for granted and wasting things, You know?


And so you couldn't just walk into a Thai gym then maybe you could now since it's getting more popular. But then it was like, you better earn being here and if you're, if you're, you're going to get your ass kicked if you're, you're not supposed to be here. We don't want that here. Yeah. And so you always have to, you'd always have to take the jokes and you'd have to smile and nod for about two weeks until they realized that you were serious. Then after a month you're in. Wow. And then they just opened up their hearts. And the Thai people are such, such beautiful people and they struggle a lot with people coming to their country and completely sexually abusing all of 'em.


You know, like everybody from around the world goes to Thailand and thinks, let's go to the ping pong shows. Let's go down and walk the, you know, strand and prostitution and sex trafficking. And it's right there. It's not hidden. It's right there for everybody to see. And I remember we were walking out of a bar one night after we, we'd just fought and we all did pretty good. And we're all banged up and bruised, which is actually one of the best feelings in the world after a fight. And you win. And I don't, You know, you almost, if you don't have a black guy, you wish you wouldn't, you have one. You know? 'cause it feels like we went through that. Yeah. And so as long as if your body's all banged up and bruised, you feel like you did something.


And I'm telling you these, these small tie girls, they could kick. Like there's nobody that kicks like the ties. They have that down. They have it in their blood. You've never been kicked so hard then by a tie person. I would guarantee that. But I remember I was walking out and it was like two o'clock and I saw these two children playing, You know, on the road. And I look up and there's a man up on some staircases and like shadows. And I was, I was pretty drunk. And I realized what that was. And it was sex trafficking and it was sexual abuse.


It was like whatever foreigner that wanted to come in and do it, have their way with these children at 2:00 AM that's what they were out there for. And it was a boy and a girl and I'll never forget it, even though I was, You know, drunk. And they literally, the Thai guys said, no, no, no, no, no, no. We gotta keep walking, gotta keep walking. You cannot make a scene here. And like they were translating that through to, and I just was bawling, crying while they, like, two people got on both sides of me and they just kind of drug me away from that. And wow. It's just, that's a normal thing that's happening on our border that's all over our border.


And I had one tiny experience of it and it devastated me. And it's, You know, Satan wants to crush the ones closest to him and those are children. And so children is like been placed on my heart since beginning of the lawsuit, before the lawsuit happened. I prayed, I was like, God is, I'm just out here in a desert canceled. And I don't know where you're gonna have me be, but if there's any way I can do anything, it would be to help children not lose their innocence, not use, lose their, You know, have a safer environment in any capacity that I can.


And a week later is when I got the phone call from X or the email from X that said, we'd like to take up your case. Well, we'll get there. Yeah, we'll get there. But let's stick, let's stick with MMA now. Although I am like, there seems to, I don't know really much about Hollywood or how any of this kind of stuff works, but I, I definitely see a wave of people that are tired of Hollywood and, and whatever goes on in there, which I'm hoping you can give me some insight into. But what I do see is these, I don't know if they're, you would call 'em production companies maybe, but these smaller, like more boutique-ish type production companies, like the Daily Wire, like Angel Studios seems to be coming out with some, I mean, Amazing.


Yeah. The Sound of Freedom was amazing. Yes. That was great. Yeah. And I guess they got another one coming out here soon that has to do with Yeah, with, I think it's the, do You know about it? Is it the foster care system or Adoption Yeah, Yeah. System or Something. I didn't know if it was already out or not, but Yeah, I know what you're talking about and I think I've had a couple people say that they've seen it and they absolutely love it. Yeah. Angel Studios is putting out some real quality stuff. I feel like our, our Little Western had a lot going against it, but I think it's still, I'm proud of it. I'm proud of under the circumstances that we were on under, I think that we put a cute, a nice western out there.


And then Daily Wire is doing something called the Pen Penon cycle, which I think is just gonna be an absolute, like, I'm so excited. I mean I'm, I'm excited for those actors, I'm excited for those actresses. They got to travel to Rome, they got to travel to Budapest, they got to, You know, use their accents and get into character. And Jeremy Boring is an absolute phenomenal storyteller. And I can only imagine the type of director he could be because I've seen his delivery on scripts and he is very, very, like, I saw a picture of him on his Instagram and I was like, he's shining 'cause this is where he's supposed to be.


And so, You know, there's no mo no bad Blood between me and the Daily Wire. Angel Studios has never contacted me, but I support those two companies Fullheartedly because they're giving other people an option to not have to, You know, do things that compromise their beliefs and it iss beautiful. So I, I'm, I'm more excited about these little superstars that are gonna come out of these shows. Yeah. And, and then they're gonna get contacted by Hollywood and they're gonna have to make their decisions and, you know, see if they're gonna stick to their values or not, because they will be faced with all of it.


You think Hollywood will pick 'em up? Oh yeah. Hollywood's struggling. Hollywood is dying. It's, it's either that 1% where you get the, the Oppenheimer is that Oppenheimer get tho those wonderful great movies and you get like that 1% of like awesome actors that you know, or you're getting the younger group that God bless 'em, you know, like that they're being just manufactured to be in that 1%. But what happens when you do that is you're losing art, you're losing soul. Like, everything that we love about, like, I don't know, watching films is like watching somebody's soul come out.


And when you train that too hard out of a person, all actors start looking the same. There's only so many Leonard Leonardo DiCaprio movies you can watch. There's only so many accents you can do. He is awesome. I mean, he, he's amazing, but You know what I mean? Like, you, you want, in my opinion, you wanna keep art free. And right now they're manufacturing everything so that they can, they can control it. And that goes from writers, directors to, You know, actors. And that's why we're, we're struggling that way and we're struggling.


And I mean, where were the musicians throughout Covid? Where were the rappers? Where was freaking Tupac? You know, where were these people that were saying, no, we're not doing this. They were getting paid off to say, go put this in your arm and put a muzzle over your face. And it's, it's very obvious now, who, who benefited from the lockdowns? Who the, the ones who shut their mouth still have the jobs and, You know, worked their way, their way up. And the ones who struggled, or the ones that said something had to restart their lives, got kicked out of their jobs, lost, you know, family members, lost human beings and didn't cower to these large corporations.


So it's very, very black and white now where there used to be a lot more middle ground. So hopefully a daily wire, angel Studios and You know, like what I'm doing, I'm a lone ranger, not surprising, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna do my own thing since I, since I apparently don't really fit anywhere. I'm not, I'm not woke and then I'm not, You know, I guess I'm not like conservative enough. I'm somewhere strangely in this middle ground Just being true to yourself. Yeah. There's not very many people like that left. Yeah. I mean, honestly though, would you be, I mean, Would I have it any other way?


Yeah. I mean, Looking back, no, but it's been hard. It's been lonely, but it also changed my perspective on they can't, I see it all now. You know, I, I wouldn't say all of it, but I see it for what it is now. And it's, You know, I I, I'm kind of going through a thing right now actually with this, with the show that we are releasing today is gonna release in like 20 minutes. Yeah, I heard you.


And just Wondering what that was. Yeah, it's, well, I went and interviewed, this isn't about me, so I'm just gonna breeze through this, but I went and interviewed the leader, the commander of the Afghan resistance in Vienna. And because I want the truth about what happened with the withdrawal. Yes. And he has warnings for the US and the US has blacklisted them. The State Department blacklisted them. These are the guys that we, that the Seals, the Green Berets, the, the special ops units trained and worked alongside with for 20 fucking years just to watch Biden and his administration abandon them.


And, and not only abandon them, but I mean their, their wives are being raped, their daughters are being raped, their sons are being killed and raped, and they are assassinating these guys and just one by one. And they can't even, I mean, we, we didn't even burn anything in that country when we left that usually there would be like a, we would destroy classified material. Well, we had biometrics, we had photos, we had retina scans, we had everything of these, of our allies.


Because, You know, for a westerner to go into an Arab country, you can't tell people apart. You know, it's, that's hard. So, and so that's how you do it. That Was on purpose. That, that we didn't burn anything. I don't know, You know, I wasn't there Because now that same but it should been, is being used. So now they're using that. They can, they can walk around with these cameras, go door to door, take a picture, and it will tell you, You know, Ew, this is so and so who is part of the Afghan special forces working alongside, you know, this SF group. And anyway, so I wanted to expose that, and I've been kind of on a trail of doing that.


And I get worried, You know, 'cause nobody else is, is doing this shit. Yeah. I worry about my family. I worry about, and I talked to this gentleman, his name Scott Van. He's a retired lieutenant colonel in the Green Berets. And I just, I, I call him as a sounding board. And he's like, I told him, you know, I feel like very alone. Nobody else is doing this. And, and You know, this comes with a price. And he said, he said, when you do the right thing, when nobody else is doing it, it feels very alone.


And so he's right and you're doing the right thing. And he just told me this like yesterday. So it's, it's just kind of a weird coincidence that you're talking about how alone you feel for doing the right thing and, And that you're feeling that too. I mean, it just, so as shitty as it feels, I mean, it kind of lets You know you're on the right track because there aren't very many people out there doing the right thing anymore. Yeah. Or maybe they're not necessarily doing the wrong thing, but they sure as fuck aren't standing up for what's right.


Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance. You can get done right from your couch all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Just go to meet fabric.com/sean, that's meet fabric.com/sean. With every holiday season the year ends and a new one begins. And that's when I really see how much my kids have grown. And it makes me realize how fast life moves. Preparedness is something I talk a lot about on the show, and part of being prepared is making my family's financial security a top priority fabric makes it simple to get the protection that's right for your family. Join me in thousands of parents who trust fabric to protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean. That's meet fabric.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states. Priceless subject to underwriting and health questions.


Even though I'm excited for the new administration, there's a lot of tension in the world. Russia, Ukraine, the border inflation, who knows what could happen next. Me. I'm not waiting around to find out and I don't think you should either. Look, it's simple. I want you to go to sean likes gold.com. You'll learn about my partners over at Goldco. They're a great precious metals company that I trust. They're one of the top rated gold companies in the industry with impeccable customer service. And they support the show. And for my listeners, they're going to give you a free gold and silver kit where you can learn about how precious metals could help you protect your money. You could also get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. That extra 10% is a great way to get started. Plus it helps support the show. All you need to do is go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com. Make sure you do everything in your power to help protect what's yours. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


You know, isn't that something I get PI get an actress pulled me aside yesterday at the Knoxville fan expo speaking as lowly as she could. I appreciate everything you're doing. I'm on your side and I'm so tired. I'm so tired of it. Yeah. Like enough of, I mean, president Trump was shot at a couple days ago and you have people making fun of it. Oh darn. It missed him. And it's like, it actually killed a man.


Yeah. And I went off on the, You know, I went off on Jack Black on, he's a, You know, the, it goes along with my case as well. It's like you're going to allow a man to stand up on stage and oh shoot, it didn't kill an ex-president, president or the last president and, but it did kill someone. And it's just the sickness and the evilness. It's like, it's getting more and more easy to distinguish between good and evil because it's becoming so much more obvious and it's floating to the surface, and they're losing the ability to hide, hide what is good and evil.


And, and it's becoming, you know, it's becoming very obvious. So, you know, and I, and do I think Jack Black is a, You know, a bad person? I don't, probably not. He's probably just not thought it through and didn't, didn't really realize what he was saying at that moment. It's ignorant. Ignorance is bliss. But Didn't he come out and apologize? He did put something out today that said he's canceling his tour or something and You know, and You know, I think that's, Is he canceling his tour or did they just take Canceled? I think that, I think they canceled it and then he said he canceled it. So who knows?


Funny. But like, it's funny how sorry people are every time it dents the bank account right now. I'm sorry. Yeah, Yeah. My bad. It's just kind of like, we got so much repercussions for how many years now, and I, you know, how many years has people before me been getting repercussions? You know, I came in late and I feel like I'm making quite a stamp and drawing attention to it, that this is enough. Like, you, you shouldn't have to hide your beliefs and you shouldn't have to freedom of religion. You should have freedom to, You know, talk about who you're voting for. There needs to be, there's a, a Democrat, Republican, and in independent party for a reason.


And we should be able to have these debates. It shouldn't be, you get kicked out of Hollywood because you're Republican and Republicans shouldn't be having to hide in certain areas and have underground groups, which they do have in order to speak about what they believe in. And, You know, Where is that? Where is that? Oh, I wouldn't know. I've never Republican underground groups. Yeah. They hiding from who They, they could not come out and, and say in Hollywood that you're basically a Republican. You just had to keep your mouth shut and you can get work. But all day long, You know, we see Sarah Silverman flashing, You know, the, the, the, Hey vote for Trump, or no, vote for Biden and you'll get this.


You know, and like, and they do compilations of Mark Rubio and Sarah Silverman and you know, all these people are just like, vote for this, vote for this. I mean, they're just completely selling themselves for the Democrat party. Did you see any celebrities doing any campaigns whatsoever to, Hey, vote for Republicans? You know, and not that I would consider myself, I consider myself just, you know, somewhere in the middle. I think I lean more towards being a conservative Republican now than I ever have. But I also am like, You know, an artist and I feel like, You know, I don't wanna be trapped too far in a box to where I don't have the freedom of like, exploring things.


I do have morals that are extremely important to me with that. I have now kind of, I guess, become more responsible to which I didn't have before 2019. And those grow every day. And that's, that's, that's a complicated thing. Trying to tell stories and this kind of atmosphere and have morals be placed in these stories as well. Because I'm an action girl and I love action and I'm also drama. And I could, I could do any of it, I think. But, you know, when we're, we're actually creating this really cool little sci-fi script at the moment, which will probably be our first, you know, my, my first comeback film, me and my manager and a writer.


And it's turning out really cool, but I have to make sure I'm not, I'm writing that fine line of like not going too far with things and making sure that I'm staying convicted to my, what I would want, You know, my sister and her children to see, You know, at a certain age and not have it be a bad thing. So, so it's a very fine line that I'm writing and I know God's God's gonna just let me know you stepped over there because he has a very fun way of dealing with me when I'm, when I've stepped over line.


Right on. Yeah. And I'll take it, I'll take it because it just means he, he loves me and he wants me to be on the right track. Well, we'll get into the faith stuff too. I can't wait to dive in on that, but, but back to your fighting career. So how did you, what happened in your Muay Hai career that got you as the first sanctioned female MMA fighter? I was, I just, I was really good at it. I picked it up and we all, there was a bunch of us, You know, so it just, people showed up to see me fight.


And the more they showed up to see me fight, the bigger the cards got, the bigger the venues got, and the more, if my name was, You know, at the top of the list, I just, I worked myself up in those 14 fights to be somebody people paid to watch. And that's, I, I went up against the, You know, very few girls that I'd seen fight before. I remember there's this one girl before I, I even had one fight and her name was Christina Martin, I, I believe. And she came in in like braids. And I just thought, oh my gosh, like that is insane.


Like she's in my weight class, You know? And I was like, never, I had like, maybe one fight, maybe I was like, oh my gosh, like, how am I ever gonna work my way up to that? And she worked out a Chuck Liddell's camp and I was like, whew, that's gonna be tough whenever I get there. Well, I got there quite quickly. We used to, we used to master Shady used to try to like fib on our records that we could fight people with bigger records. So he said we had 10 fights when over here I have two. So I do that in Thailand all the time. And so I forget what number of fight she was. I showed up to a smoker.


I know I a smoker's wear, you show up to a gym, you know who you're gonna fight and you just end up fighting whoever's close to your weight class, no matter the, you know, no matter like the record. And I showed up and I was like, oh, it's, why is she here? Like, she was just headlining at like a, one of the tiny casinos, You know? And I was like, okay. And you know, you just show up and you fought whoever was there. And, and I end up fighting her and, and I ended up, You know, they called it an exhibition, but I ended up beating her in that fight and she didn't expect that. And so then our next fight was to take place at the Stardust, which is now imploded in Las Vegas.


The Starters hotel we used to fight there. That was a big show. And I'd say that one was a, a draw. That was my one draw a course show is with, with that, if you're not overwhelmingly beating someone, you always feel like you're losing, You know. But when I watch the tape back, I, I feel like, okay, yeah, that's a decent draw. But she hit real hard and she kicked real hard. And so then I trained for her a third time and trained, trained my ass off and I knocked her out clean on our third fight. I knocked her out like almost like the wind, it's like punching wind right down through like the jaw area.


And she went down and that was my trilogy fight. Damn. Yeah. I went from looking up to her to fighting her three times and yeah, that was a special one. What did that feel like for you to ko or, Well, it was, it was, it was just the whole fighting, looking across the cage at someone and knowing that I would, at that moment, it doesn't matter who's in the crowd, really doesn't even matter. Like it's, it's who you are at that moment. You're bringing that, you're bringing everything you trained for, everything you ate, your mentality, your spirituality, how much your, you believe in yourself.


If you've let your, you know, boyfriend in the time get into your head or if you've got, you know, you just bring all of that, of who you are in that moment to that moment. And you're looking at cross at this person knowing that this person is bringing that too. And they're going to try to hurt you as badly as possible to make you quit. So that's a very special, weird, intense moment between two people that everything else goes away and it's addictive. I'd say. I mean you, I'm not a big MMA person. I don't, I don't follow it.


But it, it seems to me you were very much a pioneer for women in, within the sport. Obviously you were the first sanctioned fighter and you still have a ton of respect to this day. In fact, I even, I saw something that said Rhonda Rousey would, you would be the only person that she would come outta retirement to fight. I don't know if that's a compliment or It's a, it's a huge compliment. Yeah, it's a huge compliment. I, I was the first sanctioned about in Nevada then I was the first people that the Showtime El Su signed first female that they signed.


And it gave me a whole $10,000. And I was like, oh my gosh, now I can really train, you know, I don't have to worry about, you know, I was bartending at the same time. And then I was the first one on CBS. They did a documentary between me and a different fighter named Elena Elena Maxwell. So I was, I was right out in the beginning of making it popular so that people like Rhonda Rousey and she gives me credit for this, which is a beautiful thing. I've never had any problems with her. She said that, You know, had she not seen me fight, she would've not known it was possible for women to do this. And so I might have not gotten to that UFC walkout, but I definitely, through my career, felt like I was blessed enough to be the person to break down those doors.


And that's just, I used to say, they used to call me the face of MMA and I just was like, I'm too, I'm too young in my career for all of this. You know, like, You know, I have the, the Muay Thai fights, but like, I'm, I'm more, I'm, I'm just like everybody else. Why are they're, you're, you're pushing me up so fast, you know? And before You know it, on your eighth fight you're fighting cyborg and you're not ready to fight Cyborg, but there's nobody else to fight. And they built this thing up and you're like, well, I'm not gonna not fight her. 'cause my whole entire career was fighting the people that was put in front of me. So I was determined, Man. No fear.


All fear, all fear. But also You overcame it. Yeah. Because doesn't it feel bad when you let that fear rule you, that's, that's where you lose your, that's where it starts taking chunks out of your soul. Have you ever been that person? You know, there's things I could have done better in my life as far as like, I feel like I grew up a little bit immature just because I was fighting and acting. I felt like I was a little bit reckless, you know? Like I can definitely put back some whiskey, You know, I can definitely act like a, a big old child.


Well, I haven't now for years. But, you know, there was that one wedding that I stole the golf cart. So there was that, you know, I felt about bad about that one. I'm sure I gave my family plenty of, You know, they see the, the room. I'm sure they were worried, worried to their necks for me. 'cause I was just had this big career flying around the world, meeting people. But I always, always, always, you know, I was always able never to sell myself out for a job or, You know, any of that. It was more of a, Maybe you were a hellion, but it doesn't sound like you were overcome by fear.


No, maybe not. So how did you, how did the Emma Make Oh, the cyborg fight. I was afraid the cyborg fight. I had an adrenaline dump, a massive one to where I couldn't feel my legs. I don't know if you really, have you ever had like that adrenaline where you lose all, like you lose some feeling of like how to work your arms? Like all of a sudden your arms aren't working? I believe they just call that freezing in the moment. Yeah. Oh, I've had twice when that happened.


One with my legs and one with my arms really. The first one with my, my arms. And I was doing a K one fight and fight fans will know about that. But like, they used have production that was kind of like a kickboxing war than Muay Hai. And it was K one and I wasn't supposed to win this fight, but they master Chand is in the back. He's like, baby, baby, okay. Like 1 2, 1 2. And I was like, I was like, sir, Oh man, My, my arms aren't working, sir, my arms aren't working. And he's like, okay baby. Alright. You know, and your pats you on the back and he is like, out you go. And I'm like walking out, which is just a weird feeling of I can't move my arms, are they gonna start working?


And then I go in between the, You know, the, the robes go up and we do the face off and I'm like, they're still not working. And then, and then I go back to the corner and I'm just like, how am I gonna fix this problem? Like my, my like my brain isn't attaching to my arms. And then I went out there and I beat, had a hell of a fight I won. Wow. They worked. But in my cyborg fight, I lost the, the lower part of my body. So my legs, I, they could walk, but they weren't walking. They, I couldn't, I was floating. I was having like an outer body experience looking down on myself and like, not feeling like I could control what was happening.


And I felt no pain. I just felt like I couldn't control what I was doing. I was confused. And so it, it frustrates me, those, those feelings, it's like, it feels like being on top of a building, like those nightmares that I, I have nightmares where it's like I'm on top of a building, I'm holding on, but I can't tell my hands to hold and they'll just let go because I can't make my hands hold. And that freaks me out. And so, do you have those dreams at all?


No, You can, hold on. I have dreams where I used to have a lot of dreams where I'd be back in combat and, which is a good dream for me. I love those dreams. Really The shitty part is, oh, it will like, and I don't know what this means. I've like Googled it and, but whatever. But I'll have these dreams where I'm in the middle of it. I'm in the middle of combat for good old days being at war with my team. And I'll have like some stupid mistake happen.


Like I will have not loaded rounds in my magazines and then I'm having to run around and ask all my teammates for magazines with bullets on 'em so that I can get in the fight or I forgot my gun or insert whatever. Yeah. Small mistake. Major mistake. Major Mistake. But yeah. Yeah. And it's, it's, it's the feeling of humiliation, powerless and completely, I mean, just a huge, just, you're just a huge letdown. You're, you are dead weight, you know, at that point.


Yeah. And those are nightmares to me. Mm. Isn't that fascinating? And I wonder what that says. I am, my nightmares are fear of not being able to hold on and make myself do what I need to do. And yours is not being somebody's burden. Yeah. Being somebody's burden, not being competent. Things like that. You know? Really, they get in my head. Yeah. Sometimes. Yeah. Not much anymore, but, Oh, they sneak up on us every once in a while. Yeah. Yeah.


But, well how did, how did the, how did your MMA career end? Well, it was a kind of a funny thing. 'cause I'm sitting there, biggest fight of my career. Legs go out, adrenaline, they call the fight, I think like five seconds before if I could have, I feel like if I could have gotten to that second round, I would've started getting my, my groove, my, my my, my motion, my groove, my legs would've hit like, You know, maybe start pumping a little bit, You know. But they called it five seconds before the bell. And you know, I think if I could have gotten that second round, I would've given her hell because it was such an embarrassing first round.


Mm. And I was like, sometimes the best thing you can do is jump over the, the ropes and fall into the cage and you feel so embarrassed. You're like, oh, well what I got to lose now. Let's go swing. You know? So I feel like I hated how that first round went, but I didn't get into that second round. And I went back into the locker room, went sat, cried and cried with my gloves still on until I was ready to come out and just complete humiliation and let down of your team. And the whole crowd was chant chanting for me, you know? And it was just like this a sad moment. You know, when you see one of your favorite fighters just not, not be able to show up, you know, which you see that a lot in fighting and I understand it, You know, sometimes there's certain things going on in people's lives or something's going on.


They just, they can't show up. They're not ready for that. So I got in the car and went to San Diego and I was just sitting there feeling sorry for myself and confused. 'cause I knew I couldn't go back and fight her immediately. Like I wasn't ready for that. I needed to build up my confidence again. So I was like, but I just was just, just sad. And then I got this phone call from this guy that, well I'd met and said, oh yeah, yeah, you can be in our, you know, we'll represent you in Hollywood or whatever, You know, but didn't really take me seriously. And then I got this phone call from Brett Norberg who did take me seriously, Lynn.


'cause he said Steven Soderberg famous, not just famous, but an incredible director would like, I mean this, this, this person out of all directors is who the big one percenters want to work with. Wow. And he was watching my fight that night and his wife had looked over it to him and said, you know, he had gotten fired off of Moneyball actually, because they didn't give him creative control. So he had some, You know, he had like a year to kind of like do his own thing. She said, 'cause he's the type of guy that he can call any product, any, You know, any entertainment business, anybody.


He can call anybody. And then he was like, I wanna do this movie. And they'll say, yeah. So he pitched it for two different suit studios and they got ahold of me and he like, they said that Steven Soderberg wants to come out. Where are you? He's in la. I was like, I'm in San San Diego. And they were like, he wants to come out, he's gonna take the train. Would you go to lunch with him? And then of course my mom's like, honey, okay, you know about, you know, these directors, You know, You know about these Hollywood directors. You hear it, you hear the stories all the time. I'm like, ma, but You know me. And she's like, all right, okay, well take my car and call me if you need anything. And I'm like, we're going right down here to Coronado at a beautiful like place.


I had a black eye 'cause I took an elbow to the, I forget to want side, but I took an elbow to the forehead, saw the blood was draining down. So I was just the most ridiculous. And I don't know, like, he sat down and I was like, this is wonderful to meet you. Do you mind if I have some wine? And he is like, oh, by all means. And so he sat there for four, four hours and he got to know me, he talked to me and he said, I'd really like to do a movie with you and I'll just be really honest with you. It'll happen really quick or it won't happen at all. So, You know, and I was like, sounds good to me. Not having any idea what that meant, You know?


And that was my intro into acting in Hollywood and the, it was called Haywire. So I had Michael Douglas, Channing Tatum, I had Michael Fastbender, who's the first person who sat me down and said, 'cause they gave me an acting coach the last like, week of this whole training session of like, You know, learning how to shoot guns and learning all of this stuff. They giving me an acting coach to like the last week. And like, I'm like, what? How do you put these things? Like words aren't my thing, You know? And so I remember sitting down with Michael Fasman or the first, You know, actor that I was working with in Ireland. And I was like, I don't know what I'm doing.


And he's like, right, okay. And he put a whiskey in front of me and he is like, we're just gonna run these back and forth, running these back and forth. And he just, you know, like, go fast, go slow, go fast, go slow. And like, he just kind of like worked with me and all of you and McGregor, Antonio Maderis, all these massive stars are in this and they're all working with me and working me through not having ever been on movies set in that capacity, capacity, let alone being the lead. And so it was just a really beautiful, a really very ironic introduction. So they all took you under their wing? All Of them, every single one of them.


They just said, I'll take care of you and in the scenes. And then I said, well good, well I'll take care of you in the fight scenes, we'll just give a little trade. But they, they were that that classy of a group that, yeah, I remember people saying, it'll never be like this again. And it really wasn't until I'd say John Favreau and the Mandalorian Man wasn't, I mean, Incredible. That sounds like a great experience. Yeah, It was amazing. And it was also painful. I had had a miscarriage right before, so between the movie, like there was a couple months of the movie getting set up and I was doing the stunts for the movie and had to run to the bathroom and throw up.


And long story short ended up having a miscarriage and never been through that before. And so I dove into haywire so hard 'cause I was in so much pain and didn't wanna face what was happening with someone who was my boyfriend. But we had no longer been together. So I escaped after we film filmed haywire to Thailand to train, just 'cause that was my place where I'd go get myself collected. And I remember looking in the mirror and not recognizing my eyes, You know, my eyes were dark and sad and I knew I needed to, You know, get on my knees and really kind of figure out how to find the light again.


And it did take years for that to heal. But, but yeah, so that was my strange introductory. And So you, you had a miscarriage While I was prepping for haywire For your first movie, cranked it out. Yeah. And then, and then Had to deal with the effects afterwards. So you compartmentalized it. Yeah, yeah. And I think a big, I was supposed to come back and have a fight, a comeback fight. And I just was too emotionally shot, You know, like hurting myself in ways that just, just felt so awful and felt so guilty and confused of could I have like, you know, done something different.


And I was, you know, just so confused and, and so disappointed that I wasn't able to come back because my mental state was just so broken. And so I was like two weeks out from a fight and my, I went home to visit my mom and she said, Gina, well I got kicked straight in the head by a woman that I've actually fought before and beat. But we were out, I was out there like sparring got kicked right in the head and like completely got vertigo and concussed. And then I went home and my mom was just like, Gina, you, you're not looking, you're self.


So she took me to the doctor and they said, you got a concussion, vertigo, and you know, we don't suggest you go on with this fight. And so it was my comeback fight too. So, so then you got another failure there, right? You're feeling, man, I failed on that one. And I spiraled into like this horrible depression and, and then you just keep going. You just kind of pick it up and just keep going. How did you come to peace with the, with your miscarriage Realizing that, You know, it was a confusing time because I couldn't tell if the doctor was telling me what I wanted to hear, like or needed to hear.


'cause the doctor knew my situation, so I was confused if he was telling me the truth or not. And I was suppo supposedly three months long and there was no heartbeat. And on top of that, there was about three softball sized cysts. And I didn't realize this, but when you looked down at my tummy, it was like sideways because I was so active and working and I didn't understand. And he says, we have to go in there and also, I'm sorry to tell you, but there's no heartbeat. We have to suction this out. And I struggled with that because I felt is that abortion is that, is that, You know, and I, it tore me to pieces and I actually woke up on the operating table while right when it happened.


Like I felt like that motherly like thing instinct woke up and it was like, they were all laughing and like hanging out like normal surgery. But for me, they had to have, I was so just heartbroken and didn't understand if that was an abortion or was it a miscarriage, and at what could I have just, you know, waited or, you know, and the doctor told me, no, this is, this is not an abortion. This is, You know, there's no heartbeat and we have to take this cysts out. And that was what was given to me. But it took me a long time to kind of just give that to God and realize like, I, I still don't really, there was doubts in my head about it all.


And, And so I, it hurt me and it hurt the person. It was just devastating. So I just kind of self-destructed from that and for about two and a half years, Man. Which is why I feel like when it comes to the abortion thing, I feel like people need to be educated, You know, on more so on miscarriages and more so on sex before marriage and, you know, relationships and, You know, you give a piece of yourself away every time you have sex with someone, You know, you give parts away.


And there's, that's to me, I, I understand it now. And of course in my older age how my mom was really trying to tell me, save that for that one person it's special and it truly is, you know? And so there's, there's those kinds of things I wish I would've done better. You know, I was always that have a relationship type type of person that was never not like that. But that almost kind of makes it worse because there's more hearts broken, Man. Two and a half years. What did you, did you go through therapy?


Did you I went and I, I did the acupuncture, which just kind of made me feel even worse 'cause I was like, this is what it's come to. I was just like laying there with all these needles on me and tears just streaming down the sides of my face. And I was just like, this is what it's come to. But yeah, I ended up cutting myself pretty severely because I, I realized that you're hurting yourself. You're drinking, you're killing yourself right now 'cause you feel the way you do. And so, well this will be, I never told anybody that, but that's what that is.


There's a, there's these, Oh shit, Gino. Yeah. So I, I was always like, where did these scars come from? And it was from pain. It was just the realization of saying, you're, you're hurting yourself. You might as well just do it. And so, strangely enough, that was the better feeling. But the worst feeling was my little sister grabbing my arm and looking at me. And I was like, all right, can't, can't do that. So if it's okay, I would like to try to understand that.


So you started to cut yourself because you were already destroying yourself. And so, Well, when you realize you're doing these things to hurt yourself already, then why don't you just hurt yourself? That was the mentality, like, I'm already hurting myself. Might as well feel it. And it actually was a lot more honest than drinking or it was a lot more honest than, You know, anything else you were doing that actually felt a lot better than anything.


It actually, unfortunately felt great. Really. 'cause it released the pain that was being felt inside. And I hope, I don't want that to be an encouragement for people to go out there and cut themselves. 'cause it's an awful thing. But it was the most honest thing that I could do at that time that, You know, feeling such a failure and feeling that I, You know, I needed release. Had you contemplated suicide? No.


No. I got a little too close over here, but it wasn't on purpose. How long did that go on? That was a short stint. It was about a month, maybe a month and a half. But it was my little sister's look to me that broke me when I said, well, as good as that feels, her look, who I've always tried to protect was not something I was gonna ever want to see on her face again. Where would you do it? I would just with like a razor and on my arm right there. Usually at an emotional time where I couldn't like, couldn't feel any more pain.


So that's when I would happen. It's kind of unfortunate because I did it and those are not funny, but I did it in like little spaces and I was like, well shoot, that looks a little too obvious. So then I tried to fill in the spaces, damn, that's not funny, but it's kind of funny in a dark way. How did your sister, I mean, how, how'd she see it? She knew because She knew the whole time, She knew the spaces in between that. So obviously that was an o it was o it was too obvious. And so Did you want somebody to see it?


I didn't care. I didn't care about that. I was in a low, low manic, low place where it was just, just disappointment, depression. I've let everybody down. I can't figure out how to, You know, pull, pull myself up. So Well, I mean, Sorry to drop all these No man, it's is look, I think these are good discussions because so many people are dealing with stuff like this right now. Whether you're going through a miscarriage or, I mean, it's no secret, You know, what social media has done to, to, to everybody.


Yeah. You know, and I mean, you see kid suicide is up. I mean, so I'm gonna ask you again. You know, I Don't mind, I don't mind sharing it and I don't mind wearing my heart on my sleeve with it because I do see, You know, the mental health in children and I see the suicides and I see the drug addiction. I've personally lost, I don't know how many people in the last, now it's way up two years. So I just want people to know that you can hold on past this. Just hold on past that. Okay. You had that moment, you had that failure, you had that fight publicly where you got smashed on TV and Cyborg kicked your ass.


You got publicly fired by Disney. You got shamed and ruthlessly dragged through the mud and you hurt yourself in most ways. But I right now, seeing such beauty in life and looking back through my life and understanding and seeing that, like if people can just hold on past that, there is life be, there's life on the other side of failure and embarrassment and there's life on the other side of like other people's expectations of you.


You know, there's, there's a beautiful life in the sunset every single day. And there's a beautiful life in the sunrise. There's a beautiful life in in, in going to work and being a plumber and, and being an electrician and, and being able to be a construction worker and build. And there's pride and respect in that. You don't have to be on Instagram, you don't have to be where everybody can see you. You can have such pride and respect in building something. You know, you don't need the world to tell you. You don't need to keep searching out in the world to tell you if you're important or not, because you are important no matter what role you play or what job you have.


It's important that people know that this has been like some sort of, You know, in society we think, oh, you, you, oh, you must be important because you do that. No, it's not. We're all important. I respect construction workers, plumbers, and electricians more than I respect most, You know, actors right now. I respect them way more actually at the moment than I respect anybody. Most people in Hollywood, yeah, they're out there building and working their asses off and it's their time to shine too. So good, good on 'em. And they go to work and they don't get any praise for it. And they work with difficult people and then they get, they go home.


They take pride and respect in their job. I mean, that's respectful and You know, so, so Montana's teaching me a lot. Good. I'm happy to hear that. So when your sister saw the, the scars, was that the, was that the turning point for you? That was the, I can't do that anymore for that was that when I, my, my little sister is, I was her rock when we were younger, so I feel like I protected her a lot when we were younger.


And I feel like in our older life she's protected me more and my adulthood, she's kept me safe, so is my mom. So yeah, she keeps me grounded. She makes me realize that she's healthy, she turned out good and that looking at her face, I'm not gonna disappoint her. I'm gonna be the, the older sister that I, the best older sister and friend that I can be. You know, earlier you had asked me, You know, if what order I think you're in, in the birth order.


I mean it's, I said the oldest, I mean you just, you have all the attributes as the oldest, oldest probably, because it seems to me you were kind of almost forced into that position. Yeah. Are you the middle? I'm the oldest. Are you the oldest? I don't, I don't envy oldest children. I feel like they take on a certain level of pressure and I find with oldest children, they either crumble or they thrive, but they take on pressure that's so unneeded. 'cause You know, I feel like that's, it's just a hard place to be put is being the oldest childs so hard place to start.


I, and we keep that in mind. I think, You know, with our, my nieces and everybody being the oldest child is very difficult. I mean, and actually through history, right? You know, like older, older children are persecuted. They were killed. They were, there's something very interesting in the Bible about, you know, the con con constant, You know, persecution of old, older children and yeah. So I, I feel sorry for my older sister and that she had to endure what she's done. But she's, she's a free spirit and she is, she's got someone, someone, so many of us are praying for her and she figures it out.


She's figuring it out just like we all are. So, So your sister sees the scars. That's an, that's, that's your trigger to get be that it's don't do this anymore. Or you started turning things around, Not turning things around. I would say that took some time, but 'cause I felt such, I was so upset. But my sister's look at my face was like, yeah, I can't do that anymore. Well, was there something that brought you peace specifically or time, Time, Time. Yeah. It was time.


And then you get distracted, you get another job and you keep going and you realize, okay, You know, and how am I gonna explain, You know, then you're getting photographed and like, well what happened to her arm? And nobody ever knew until now that's what was going on, Man, man. But You know, I'm doing pretty okay now. I'm doing pretty good actually. I'm, I'm good. Good, good. Well what was the next job? Oh gosh, I don't know. That was after I felt such disappointment in not being able to come back and fight.


'cause I couldn't mentally and my, the, the vertigo and just the failure of not being able to come back. It must have been just some of these smaller indie jobs that I did that you learn a whole lot about the industry. On What kind of stuff did you learn about the industry? Well, you just learn that, You know, producers will hire their girlfriends at the time. There's been so many times where I would take these women aside and say, you don't have to do this.


How could you go to sleep with that man? How? Look at him. Look at you. You're actually talented actress. Like, you do not have to go to this man's bed for a job. And they'd cry and they'd say, yeah, I do. And I had multiple conversations with multiple lost souls like that to try to get them to walk off. And they understood I was coming from a, a good place. 'cause I was, I didn't need their job. I was already higher up on the, the list, you know? And I, You know, never did that. And I just wanted them to know, look, I'm an action actress.


I would love to have your acting ability. You know, like, go train, go do weapons, go get a skill. Do You know, don't make your skill sleeping with producers, Man. I mean, did they, are these people that, I'm not gonna ask names, but are these people we would all know? Well, most of 'em now have been caught, I think through the Me Too movement. A lot of them, I was in some of those rooms where I was like, why am I in this man's house? And it was really just funny to me. And then I'd walk past a picture and he's like, say somebody famous, you know, that everybody, everybody knows. And Oh, I took this picture and she's completely naked.


And I'm like, why is she naked? And I was so naive. I'm like, what? And then I was more like brodo out, You know, like, let's talk about fighting. I'm not putting that energy out there. Yeah. And there was only one time I thought I'd have to put my elbow down the center of a actor's face, but I didn't have to. Can you describe that moment? It's kind of embarrassing for him. Well, that's not our problem. He was an actor that I had just gotten off of a pretty high profile breakup and he, I dunno how this happened, but, You know, I was just really heartbroken from this breakup.


And it was all over the new, the, the Hollywood news and the actor that I was dating had already like, started dating someone else. And I was trying to promote a movie while I'm very vulnerable at this stage. And we're drinking and smoking weed and we're at this house party and then all of a sudden I look up and me and this actor are the only ones left in the house in his guest house. And I thought it was his main house. And I didn't even know this man was married. And, and to, to be honest, he's, I don't even know if he's married, but he's definitely gay because I saw him on set with this other actor and I was like, oh, I'm in safe Hansen so I don't have to worry about being alone in this house with this gay guy who then, that the Hollywood doesn't know is gay.


But like, I was fine. And then, and then he started coming on to me and I was like stoned and I was hot, I was drunk and I was vulnerable and confused. And finally I just looked at him just being very honest. I put my hands on my chest and I backed him up and I said, I thought you were gay. Just being completely honest, I thought you were gay. And he, he huffed and puffed and like walked around his kitchen was like, pretended to be upset. And I was like, no, I was on set. Remember I was on set with you And so I saw you, you are, or at least, at least you're bi now that I, now I guess you're bi, You know.


And he was like, oh, alright then, You know? And then I was like, I am in a bad situation. And I was like, I'm, I'm okay, you know, but like I'm, I'm just gonna go to bed, You know, he, before all this happened, it was like, okay, I can stay in the guest bedroom. So I went to the guest bedroom and then my door opens up, I'm like, oh hell, here we go. And so then I'm just like, under the covers and I'm just, all right, I'm okay. I'm sobering up, You know, things are getting like real. And I was like, you need to leave. And he said, well now all my boys, 'cause he had like bodyguards, all my boys are gonna think I'm gay.


And I'm like, I'm sure they probably already know that you are. So like, You know, so he kind of, he did something that was really like embarrassing for him. And then I was like, okay, I'm gonna put my, my elbow down his forehead and I will go there. And right when that was about to happen, he's like, all right and mean, I got up and he left. And then I got up in the morning, I was like, how do I escape this compound shit? I was like, how do I get out of here? This is the most miserable night and I am like hungover.


And I was so awkward. And then like he felt absolutely probably horrified 'cause, You know, and he made me sit there and talk to him for two hours in the kitchen and he was horrified and finally got my manager to come pick me, ex-manager to come pick me up. And I was like, you'll never believe what just happened. But that was, that was probably the most uncomfortable I've ever been. And How many people get sucked into this shit in Hollywood? I'd say, is it everyone? I mean, so you're talking to a person who, who knows how to defend herself, is feeling very confident how to handle a situation.


And all of a sudden the party just was gone and I was left there with a person, You know, like, just like that the bodyguards scattered everybody and you're, you know, so my heart does do it goes out to women, you know, You know the, that that wouldn't be like me, a woman off a breakup, you know, a hundred pounds, 115 pounds, you know, thinking that this person's gay, you know, realizing that he's not understand, she's now in a dangerous situation. You know, there is these certain, You know, I'm fortunate because I'll go so hard. I've been in enough fights in my life to do that, You know, to deal with, You know, an actor.


But I feel really awful that that happens to a lot of women. But I also feel awful that a lot of women feel that they need to sacrifice themselves in order to, You know, get that job. So I just don't work well, I don't work with those people anymore. You know, like I, that was the last time I, I got offered, hey so and so pretty big name wants to do to, You know, be on this. And I'm like, absolutely not. I'm like, no, I'm not gonna work with people that make other people feel this. I'm not gonna work with people that make, in order to be a producer, they have to have girlfriends that sacrifice their bodies in order to be on set.


I just won't work with people like that. So just lone rangering it man, Man. I mean, would you say that is the, is that the majority of Hollywood? I'd say there's men. There's men. I was working with a guy that wants to be a director and men are kind of, gosh, kind of funny about it though. They're like, alright, you know, he was like, I was like, all right, well I like our, what, you know, this is like year, like decades ago, you know, like dec over a decade ago.


And he really wanted to get his, you know, project up moving. And he's, he was like in his, You know, late thirties maybe. And he wanted this casting director female to, to, to do the casting. 'cause she had all the connections. And so he went, he went and he slept with this woman for like a year trying to get this movie off the ground. And I was like, bro, what are you doing? Like, how, on top of what? Like, and what, You know, like this is insanity. But You know, there must've been perks for him because he gets to say somewhere free and at the same time she just kept on leading 'em on and kept on leading on, there's many stories of men doing this.


You know, like taking, taking the producer, the female to producer or the female casting directors and they're like, You know, many stories of that. Men, men are a little bit more funny about it though because they're just like, gotta see what you gotta do. Damn. I'm taking one for the team. I'm like, oh my gosh. Like I don't even know how that's possible. Drugs like Viagra, something. Damn, damn. Well let's, Sorry. I don't know. Hope everybody doesn't mind these conversations. Wow. Let's take a, let's take a quick break and then we'll start diving into Disney.


Okay.


A lot of us are trying to get our finances in order And to start the new year off right, there's some great news for homeowners. Interest rates have dropped and are now in the fives. If you've been buried in high interest credit card debt, now's the time to break. Free American financing can help you access the cash in your home to pay off your high interest debt. Last year, their salary based mortgage consultants helped customers save an average of $800 a month. That's like giving yourself a $10,000 raise. What a way to start the new year. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900. Or go to American financing.net/ss nmls 1 8 2 3 3 4 N-M-L-S-C-O-N-S-U-M-E-R access.org a PR. Rates in the five start at 6.458% for well well-qualified borrowers. Call 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 for details about credit costs and terms.


I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the Bubs and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter. And the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CIA Targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here, here on the Shawn Ryan Show.


And some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing. And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part. The newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that.


But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments we'll see in the newsletter. Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through, and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. All right, Gina, we're back from the break and we're getting ready to dive into Disney.


But before we do that, we just had a conversation off camera about friends that we had lost my best friend Gabe and I I told you that story. And so, You know, like I had kind of mentioned the beginning, You know, a lot of people in the world are going through something, and especially on this channel, it's, it's, the audience is very, very veteran heavy. And especially global war on terrorism vets. And just about everybody has experienced loss.


And so you had mentioned earlier in the show that, You know, you'd lost a lot of friends to addiction. I've lost more friends than I can count to addiction and suicide. I mean, everybody knows about the, you know, the epidemic that's going on in the veteran community and first responders and, and seems to be just spreading into everything. So what I wanna ask you is how do you deal with loss? How I have dealt with loss, I think throughout my life has been different. And You know, I think when you're younger you deal with it all wrong.


You find every wrong way possible to hurt yourself. I think there's, there's different ways people deal with it. They deal with it by hurting others or they deal with it by hurting themselves. And so I feel like the sensitive souls out there who don't wanna hurt others end up hurting themselves. And so they hurt themselves through addiction. They hurt themselves through cutting themselves. They hurt themselves through just, just total and utter self-destruction. And through that, You know, they're trying not to hurt other people. But through that, through the loved ones that care about them, they end up just, You know, destroying everybody else around them because nobody can stop self-destruction except for the, per the self or divine intervention.


So I, I, You know, I think having a healthy outlet such as like mixed martial arts, I encourage that to everyone 'cause that's what helped me. Or finding, You know, like that certain physical activity and that routine every single day that you stick to that is your checklist. For instance, you know, I, I almost wanna write a book that, you know, it's, it's hard for people, some people just to get outta bed for weeks at a time they can't get out bed. And I've been there not being able to get myself out bed. And then it starts with getting yourself, like when I lost my best friend in 2021, I think it was, or 2022, I couldn't get outta bed.


I just sunk into this manic depression. And it took me about three weeks till I was able to answer a phone call or, you know, like I just started to try to do those little regular things where you take the shower, you shave your legs, you take a walk, you, You know, try to like get your body moving. 'cause once you get your body moving and you start looking at the world and you start to do regular things like grocery shop again, and then you hit a place where you can't get outta bed again. You know, so it's like you just just handle it differently.


People like you with, You know, a wife and kid have to maybe put on a different face than I've had to put on, which is hard 'cause I get, I've gotten to hide my depression or my low points. But when you have a family and I, and when you're the head of your household, that's just gotta be so brutal to try to put on that brave face for your children and for your wife and keep going. But also it could be maybe a nice distraction as well, because being in your head for and alone and depression, I think is where we find a lot of kids at a lot of people that they're able to disappear.


And it might be the worst thing that they can do to themselves because they'll just sink further and further into their manic Yeah. Depression. So I had somebody call me recently and say, you know, they run in a bad place. And I said, all right, well just pick out the things that you're doing to hurt yourself. You know, drugs, alcohol, women, you know, sex. Like what is the thing that is you're using to hurt yourself? And he told me and I said, do me a favor and let that go. Give your ti yourself a timeframe to heal so that, 'cause the world's gonna need you and they need you to be healthy.


We need more men and more women to be healthier than ever. And you're powerful and you're beautiful and I need, and I need you to be healthy. So he said, okay. And he stopped drinking for and doing whatever he was doing for about eight weeks. And I saw him not too long ago and, and he was happy and he was clean and he was not hurting himself and excited about the future. So that would be the one thing is drop what's what you're using to hurt yourself and then focus on control. The controllables, right? I can control getting up and take a shower.


I can control what I'm gonna put in my body today. I can control going for a walk. I can control calling my mom. 'cause I know that's a responsible thing to do. I need to do, I can control the controllables and let all the other chaos go. And you're not, You know, I remember looking in the mountains in Montana and thinking, I gotta get myself together. I I am not gonna change the world by being an absolute wreck. So I remember thinking like, I think it's, I've been through a a lot in the last couple years and I just remember thinking and looking in the mountains and I'm like, I need to watch sunsets. I need to, I need to live and I need to stop obsessing about things that I cannot control.


And, and also my utmost thing is Jesus Christ, my utmost thing is turning to God. If I don't wake up and I don't read that my Bible in the morning, my whole day's a wreck. I I'm hitting my head on cabinets. I'm almost like getting car crashes. Like, I'm literally just an absolute mess. And that's the one thing that like, I know I, if I don't start off my day like that, then I'm, You know, I feel like the whole day is not set off right. So that's personally what I do. Have you ever thought about how that person that you're mourning would want you to live in those moments?


In the moments of grief? He would, he would be so upset with me if he saw me crying. He passed two days ago, was his, I guess his death anniversary. And he would just, he, he didn't want anybody to cry for him ever. 'cause he went through a lot too in his life. And don't cry for me. Don't, don't, you don't, you start, You know. But a really beautiful thing happened. The last anniversary is of, of his death. I had a beautiful moment where I had this incredible dream where we got to hang out and I gotta see him.


And we were hanging out in my dream and it was just like, wonderful. So, You know, I think, I think he's happy now 'cause I believe he's in heaven. I believe he loved Jesus. And I love, I believe he was just, he had servant tattooed across his back because he said that's the best thing you could possibly be in life as a servant. He's incredibly special. So he's in a good place. And after he died, I just looked up, I was in Arizona, I just looked up and I could just hear him free of his body and just could hear his big heavy laughter all over the sky.


And I just felt like he's, well, he's free now. You know, we're the ones that are trapped here. Yeah. Yeah. So he would want me to, I think I've, I just think he'd be laughing at how much, how much trouble I'm causing down here. He Wouldn't be surprised, but he'd be laughing with me. What do you make of that dream? I think it's God's blessing. It's a little, I got, I, I have had dreams since I was young that are extremely vivid and very, I remember I did a essay in college about a dream of mine and she wrote on the essay, she's like, I hope you're not some sort of, You know, I don't know, psychic or prophet or something like that.


She wrote that on my paper and I got a new plus. I was like, no, I'm just, I think, I think sometimes God just gives you little glimpses into things that, You know, help sometimes or enlighten you or you know, sometimes dreams are just dreams. That's all they are. They're just dreams. And You know, sometimes I think Satan can use dreams as neg negatively as he can, as You know, he can too as well. So you have to not probably too much, put too much weight in it and just let them be what they are and enjoy the good ones.


'cause the bad ones are there. Yeah. Yeah. I think they're always with us. Yeah. I just had a crazy experience and it kind of goes back to, do you wanna hear this? Yes, Please. So that hockey jersey down there that you just saw. Yeah, that's, that's my best friend's hockey jersey. And it's the first thing for everybody listening, it's the first thing you see when you walk in the studio. And I told you that Jersey, so Gabe died of a heroin and overdose and they found him.


So he was trying to get this, this hockey team, a wounded Warriors hockey team sponsored by the NHL, which would've been the first, the first wounded warrior hockey team sponsored by an NHL team. And he had, he was telling me this while he was addicted, was struggling with his addiction. Which anybody that has seen somebody struggling, especially from an opiate addiction, it's it's a rough site. Yeah. And he was telling me how he was just walking into the Panthers arena and just gonna make this happen. I'm like, okay, Gabe, for, I don't think that's gonna happen, but wish you the best of luck.


We'll all be damned. He fucking got it. He got it. And the panther signed off on it and they went to his house to tell him that they'd signed off on it. And he had died in that, in his, in his condo. That's how he was found, was getting the news that they were Panthers were gonna sponsor his team. Well, I got one of the first jerseys that they ever made and had it framed and you saw, it's a huge frame. It's heavy, probably weighs 50 pounds. And we had just done this thing in Vienna, which With the, the commander Masu the leader, the National re the, the Afghan resistance.


And that got me super paranoid about our government and Oh, I bet. And we're, I mean, this team has got this in front of Congress and it's looking like we're going to probably shut down, not just us, but all the people that have been involved with this lead up. It looks like we're gonna shut down over a billion dollars of funding a year to the fucking Taliban. The, the government is aiding the Taliban now. And so we brought attention to that anyways. Oh my gosh. That's huge. And that's, we get, that's coming out right now. It's Actually, it's right now. Oh. And as we're having this, it's premiering on, on our channel.


Congratulations. Thank you. And it already, Tim Behi and Thank you. Thank you. I mean, somebody's gotta do it. Tim Behi brought it to Congress and brought it, brought up the fact that, hey, we're sending $87 million a week to the fucking Taliban and it pa he wrote a bill up, it passed the house, now it's going to the Senate. So we're making waves and we're pissing a lot of people off and we're shutting funding down to one of the biggest terrorist organizations in the world. Wow. So that brings a certain amount of fear. And When you say fear, are you talking about fear from what you just saw the other night with Trump That, I mean, I don't think it's any secret how corrupt our government is.


And I mean, all the Boeing whistleblowers have been assassinated. I mean, they tried to assassinate Kavanaugh, the Epstein judge. They tried to assassinate. Yeah. I mean it's not like I'm fucking just a crazy cuckoo No, no paranoid veteran. You know, It's, it's the fact that nobody's talking about it. So we came, Nobody's talking about Yeah. Assassinations that are actually taking place. That we always notice them, that they happen in Russia and they happen in all these other places. And we always like to point the finger and like, wow, that's so crazy. That's happening here. And it's hap it's happening there. It's happening here All The time. And that and that the other day with Trump's almost assassination, what just, I think ripped the, the bandaid off.


Yeah. And let everybody know the desperation of where we're at is that Oh no, they will try to kill him. Yeah. And they will try to, if they kill him, they could try to kill you and they could try to kill anyone that opposes them. It just keeps happening. I mean, wasn't it Obama's chef mysteriously drowned, fell off his paddleboard Yeah. And mysteriously drowned in a, in a pond. Yeah. And that's happened to, I don't wanna say any names 'cause Apparently a lot of chefs Yeah, there's a lot of chefs that have mysteriously Yeah. Drowned and, and, and well to do politicians.


Yeah. Anyways, so we get home from this trip and I'm really paranoid. I'm, I'm like, fuck, like, am I overstepping here? I don't care. This is what the country needs. So I get home on a Thursday. I come in to the studio on Friday, which is June 28th. And the anniversary of Red Wings, which I had told you offline, Gabe was a big part of that come in. And that big picture frame is on the floor. And that frame has been there for three, hanging there for three years.


And I'm like asking some of the people that work here, which almost all of 'em were with me in Vienna except my assistant. And I'm, I'm out. I'm like, What hap did you see this thing? Did you take this off the wall? 'cause it wasn't broken. There's no glass broken. The frame's imperf. I mean, you saw it, it's in perfect condition. There was a bug light under it. It knocked the bud light off. And I'm like, fuck. Like, is Gabe trying to warn me something? You know, is he trying to tell me something? And I was the last one out of the, out of the studio, last one out of the building. And I'm just kind of pacing in the parking lot by my car, just like talking to Gabe.


Like, what are you trying to tell me man? What am I, what should I be looking out for? Like, you got my attention. That frame has been there for three years. I go home and I'm gonna try not to get emotional, but I'm telling my wife about what happened. And she goes, Sean, the Panthers just won the fucking Stanley Cup. And I found the frame on June 28th, which is the anniversary of Red Wings, which is another huge part of Gabe's past. And like in that moment, I was just overwhelmed with emotion and positive emotion.


Yeah. And I just started laughing and I was like, I can fucking hear 'em up there right now going laughing. No, you dumb shit. I'm not trying to warn you about anything. The Panthers just won the fucking Stanley Cup and it's the anniversary of June 28th. And, and Oh. But You know, like there's just too many coincidences and I don't really believe in coincidences anymore anyways. No, I don't believe in luck and I don't believe in coincidences, But it's proof to me that is a little dose of proof that there is life after death and that our people are still watching over us.


And I've always felt that with Gabe. And You know, it's just, and it's really weird. Like you were just kind of talking about the Bible and we, we do a very small Bible study at my house every week. Actually. It's tonight. Oh, nice. Every Tuesday. Yeah. We do it. And, and a couple weeks ago there was a gentleman in there, close friend of ours, and he, he was talking, we were talking about life after death and your soul kind of carrying on and what is it, what would it be like?


And he said, well, maybe it doesn't carry on because what were you doing before you were born? And that, like, even as a kid, that's one of the only things that really scared the shit out of me is what if you die? And that's, that's just, you just, it lights out. And I've thought about that, like that actually that conversation bothered me. 'cause I was like, fuck, I don't know what the hell, I don't, nobody has any memories of when before they were born. So maybe there was nothing. But then something like that happens. And I think an older lady told me, it's heaven's wink, it's heaven's wink.


Just to let You know. And I think that one thing that I've learned and grew up with and I think is so many people get so fascinated with the life after death that they go searching for it and they try to contact it and they can, You know, they, they wanna access it. Well I do believe in Mediumship. Yeah. Is that what you're talking about? Yeah. Like, or just, You know, just trying to, there's, there's doors you, you open in life in my, in my belief system. And you have to be careful which doors you open. And so the door I open into what happens, life after death, I go through Jesus on that.


I don't, he is to me, the one that gave me life and the opportunity to go into heaven. And that is who I'll communicate until I get to heaven and figure it out. And he's the only one I'll go to. Of course. Like, You know, I think I think about Anthony and I think about his bellowing laugh and I think about my papa and I've had really strange experiences spiritually of, like, after my grandfather died, I had two months of just spiritual warfare that was happening in, I, I could hear voices and I can hear, You know, like people like, like walking.


And it was just like this evil presence was like around me. And I, I actually started wa watching, you know, I was reading my Bible and I couldn't, I was so sensitive at that time I couldn't watch regular television. And so I started watching the Chosen, which my mom was like, you should watch chosen. I'm like, I'm not watching the Chosen. Okay. And then I started watching the chosen and my heart started calming down the whatever that evil presence was that was just taunting and haunting me through my dreams. Where you, You know, that thing where you sit, something sits on your, your chest and you can't breathe and you wake up and you're like, like, and you just, You know, it was just happening more aggressively than it ever had happened.


'cause I got rid of that, all that spiritual kind of like stuff a long time ago. And it came back and do I think that was like, and had anything to do with my grandfather and where his soul is? No, I don't think it has anything to do with it. But I believe in my grieving process, I had opened a door somewhere, which I, I know where, and I, I let in a darkness that taunted me for two months and I needed to, I just needed to get back to talking to Jesus and saying, okay, walk me through how to get this door closed. You know?


Can I Ask what that door was? It was, it was personal. It was okay. Yeah. It was really personal, but I felt like that's, I know, I feel like I have an idea of what it was. Yeah. So I feel like you do open doors in life and things happen due to those open doors. And if you really want that door to close, if you want that torment to stop, and my belief it's through Jesus. And it's not gonna be through trying to contact the dead or trying to contact spirits or selling your soul to Satan.


'cause you think a lot of people out there, there's this belief system that, okay, if I just already get on this side who, You know, the Satan's team, then I'm not gonna be tormented because I'm on your team Satan, You know, so you're not gonna hurt me. I'm on your team. And those end up being the most tormented people, You know, they think, Hey, why would you do this to me? Because he hates you. He wants you to just completely destroyers. He hates humanity. He hates what God's creation is. It's why he, he destroys everything that's beautiful. And You know, it's awful. Like what we consider beauty and what really is truly beautiful, You know, it's awful how we're all trying to stay so young and destroying ourselves.


When you sit next to your grandmother and you think, my gosh, how beautiful are you? Or when somebody's aged beautifully and they allowed themselves to just kind of naturally do it. And I'm, You know, like I'm, I'm trying to like learn in my Montana life of, I try to like learn. 'cause I, I grew up in Las Vegas and I grew up in, You know, Los Angeles and all of this was just a culture to me. You know, like breast implants obviously 22 years old. Okay, let's do those, You know, You know, like this was a culture. But Satan loves to take beautiful natural bodies and say, no, no, that's not the way it's supposed to be.


That's not what you're supposed to be. This is what you're supposed to be over here. And it's so awful and so ugly that that is the biggest lie. Like the, that You know, Was your faith always as strong? Debbie? Did you grow up? No, actually it's just getting stronger by the sentence. I got really close to God when I was going through my cancellation because I knew that internally I couldn't not speak, I didn't have children and I want, I didn't want it to get to the place where there would be forced vaccinations and forced all of this, all the things that did happen.


I didn't wanna get to the point where people who had families were losing their jobs and, You know, couldn't afford to, you know, keep their kids. And so me and Kevin didn't have kids, so I thought, and Kevin's right on board with me, You know, like his family's very natural. I don't think anti-vax is necessarily a bad word. They, you know, they grew up, you know, very just kind almost like hippies, You know, and they're all really healthy. And, and so he already had that kind of naturally, like in his, his his his family makeup.


And, and it's not to say like, I don't mind, I love modern medicine. I mean, I think it does some incredible things like, You know, my dad has two knee surgeries and can now ski and travel and ski and enjoy life, you know, and You know, heart, You know, like heart transplants that were like heart like things that, ways that God has allowed us to really like explore how to help each other. So I think modern medicine and modern, You know, stuff is wonderful. But I also think that at the same time, what has Satan done? He's come and he's taken that and he's made his evil version of forcing things on people such as vaccines and making so many drugs Okay.


To take as children, put 'em on a DH, ADHD because they don't wanna sit at a desk for eight hours. Yeah. When they should be outside learning about life or learning how to change a tire or learning how to do taxes. And, you know, it's just, I don't know. Yeah. Satan has a, a knack for, even with climate change, you know, it does say in revelation, You know, that these things will, will transpire. Like there's gonna be, You know, death destruction, there's gonna be famine. The world's gonna shake, there's gonna be earthquakes, it's gonna be, there's gonna be fires. So what does Satan go and take that he tell, You know, he takes that 'cause he knows it's coming and he turns it into his own.


Hey men, humans let you guys go ahead and play God and pretend like you guys can control this and you play God with climate change. And my belief isn't that we shouldn't pick up after we should, you know, You know, like we should keep our spaces clean and we should clean up. And if, You know, if there's a way to recycle and make something new and not waste a hundred percent, but you are not gonna play God. And that's what Satan's made these globalists believe that they can play God and that they are their own gods. And it's just a horrible, ugly thing that they're using and that they will use until, You know, the end I think.


Yeah. When you talk about people that are, where am I going with this? Where am I, I'm going, I want to know about Satanic rituals and, and, and that side of the fence in Hollywood. 'cause we hear all about it and you're kind of just speaking on the fact that people will go that road because they think they're gonna befriend him or something. I mean, how relevant is that in your experience in h within Hollywood? Well, I just, from watching and being spiritually aware, I guess, You know, some of these actors that do so well, it's like, well I am my own God.


And that is, You know, they have everything together. You know, they have the wife, they have the kids, they have the, they don't, they, they don't drink alcohol. They're in shape and all of this. But they believe they are, aren't their own God. And Do they say that? Do they articulate it? Yeah, a lot. A lot of people say that they're their own God. And it's a scary thing because I, I feel like that's almost a harder wall to break down than maybe drugs or alcohol or sex or something that's more obvious. Is that when you believe that you are your own God, that doesn't re like leave room for the real God.


And have I been always the spiritual? I mean n no, I found out through the hardships of the entire industry turning against me and being dropped on my head pretty d pretty damn hard that I just read a scripture in Psalms. That's where I started every morning I'd write, I would read a chapter in Psalms and I also read this book called Silver Refined. And the book was basically saying, it's not gonna be easy, but you'll get through it and it'll be worth it and you'll be refined.


And so who I was in 2019 was a woman who could have gone to live in New York in a condo and not gone and dedicated myself to this relationship and could have ended up, You know, experimenting more with whatever I everything I i I could have ended up anywhere at 2019. I was, You know, just kind of floating through life and very excited about my career. And then it took, took 20 in 2021 for all of these people, this di Disney and Lucas film to make me really think about, oh geez, where is my line?


Like, that's not what I want to say and that's not what I want to, that don't wanna hurt anybody's feelings, but I feel like you're pushing your ideologies on me and you are, and you're backing me into corners that I had to draw a line and they kept crossing it. And that's the legal part. Like, you can believe what you believe. And I've lived in Vegas and Las Angeles like my entire, my entire life. I've had every, every single one of these, we, we, you know, snuck into strip strip clubs when we were 17 years old. You know, like it's not been like that sheltered. And I find I found myself drawing my line and the more I drew my line and held onto God, the more I realized, okay, all right, I I do not worship your business.


And I have this in an email, which is why I don't mind if my emails come out. I said, I do not worship your business and I have done plenty wrong in my life that I will need to account for and I will need to apologize for. But at this moment I haven't done anything wrong. And I'm not going to put out one of these fake apologies that you have all everybody else put out that mean nothing that degrade them, that take away from their words. They're basically using these, every celebrity who apologized, they took their voice away to where the next time they speak, You know, it doesn't mean anything 'cause it's just a copied pasted regular apology.


And I was not going to do that. So I wrote out my own long big statement like, you want me to make a statement, I'll make a statement. And it would, it wasn't offensive. It was very, I understand I grew up a tomboy, I understand that things are different and people are going through things and it is a very well written thing. It's just, I don't worship your business and my God is bigger than Disney, so that this is where I'm at. And so hopefully the, hopefully those emails get to get printed or read one day and help shed some light on what was going on. But Can you talk about your experience with Disney and, and kind of what happened there?


Yeah, it was just, if I would've been saying and doing the things that I did, then now I would be fine. It was because I was so, I was early and I, I kind of could see where all of this go was going. I knew from having two grandfathers have their own business start and start from scratch. That we are gonna shut those people down. What is essential and what what is not, you know, what you're, you're, you're like, Walmart's more essential than this, You know, Italian restaurant that's just getting off its feet and has to feed their family.


Like what? Or a tiny family owned grocery store or a convenience store that Walmart's more important. And so nothing's was making sense and I could see where this was going. And it was a, the largest, most fraudulent wealth transfer in, You know, basic, I think history is that they are destroying the, their mandates, the middle class and also the people that will do as they say and be a part of our group or not. And, You know, they're trying to make that divide and did, did so successfully.


Yeah, So I, I was speaking about, You know, mandating vaccines before they even mandated it. I was speaking about my grandfather went to the hospital and he had dementia and they wouldn't let anybody go in with him and he couldn't get a catheter because he had some surgical stuff going on. He can explain that to the nurse and his, his records aren't all there. And things got so messed up in the hospitals. Hospitals were being paid for every vaccinated person they got on a ventilator, You know, like it was just so corrupt. And so I just wasn't gonna stay quiet.


People were watching their loved ones die over FaceTime. That wasn't okay. Yeah. You know, we weren't completely ignoring the vaccine injured and the, the vaccine deaths and putting up on the news, all of the deaths and fearmongering people into anxiety and into, i, I wonder how many people died of it. Anxiety induced fear, You know what I mean? And the mental health and the drugs and the alcohol and taking a, a driver who needed that kind of, You know, some people need that regulated like day, this is what I do every day in order to stay sane.


And you took that away from them and put them at home with screaming kids and wife and all of this other stuff. And it's like suicides went up and it's like I knew that that was gonna happen and I was gonna stay quiet about it. And then alls I did was beep bob boop, a couple people, and all of a sudden meltdown happened and it really wasn't a, I figured what is the least offensive thing that you could possibly put in your bio on Twitter? So they were trying to get you to do the pronouns, right, Right. Like put, put this, say Trans Lives Matter, You know, put your pronouns in your bio, blah, blah blah. And I was like, How do they approach you with that?


Well, the, the mob online was doing it and obviously, You know, a lot of the Disney and Lucas film people were, You know, going along with it. And there's a lot of people Lucas film pays too as well to put pressure on. So it was just a whole big deal. And I gotta Say, so it was online pressure, It was online, it was through websites, podcasters, it was through people that Lucasfilm paid, it was through employees of theirs. It was through Disney. It was through just random bots, You know, they had bought farms and it was just basically online from that.


And, and, and here you have like pr people that have worked for Disney and they know smear campaigns when they see 'em, right? They've worked for, You know, for 30 years and you're not gonna, you're like, you're gonna tell me you can't see a smear campaign, you can't see a attacks that are actually like, that's happening to me. What were, and they defend other actors, but I just wasn't, I wasn't a part of their, I wasn't going along with their narrative. So they never defended me. They defended so many other actors and actresses. Oh yeah. You know, we defend this person from bullying we defended and I got it way worse than anyone. And, and, and the Star Wars universe and that saying quite a lot, that'ss saying a lot.


How were they coming at you? Just like by the thousands, like death threats and just online, just, I mean, oh my word. I've never, I don't think most of us have seen it and anything like that. I got it so hard and, and You know, it was just, just a crazy moment in life that I apparently needed to see and understand that that's what happens. 'cause online's really interesting the court session. We're waiting for the judge to, she's either going to allow the dismissal of that Disney has, Disney has requested to dismiss my case, so, okay, this life doesn't matter, we messed up this life.


Doesn't matter. Let's just kind of like push her off to the side. And they're trying to pretend like it's not a big deal when it is their stocks, their stocks plummeted from the day that they let me go. And they know it's a big deal, but they're trying to pretend like it's not. But, so we're waiting for the judge to either allow that dismissal or to allow us to go into discovery and, and discovery. I'm completely fine with, I've already sent all of my, my interactions over to my lawyers and they've looked through it, You know, in depth. And so now we get to go into who we get to if we, we get to, You know, continue on, which we are actively moving on.


So we had to go into discovery and find out what was going on behind their scenes. So just to fill in a couple of blanks here, for those that don't know, I'm, I'm sure most everybody does, but there was a, a series of tweets that came out from you. And without going through all of them, I'll just, we'll just put 'em up on, on screen. But it sounded like, correct me if I'm wrong, but it seemed like the major one was when you were, you changed, you did change your pronouns or add your pronouns as be ba B, Which to me, which Is really offensive. So I, to me, in my head I was looking, I really study, You know, like I really like, I look at like the, I guess I study social behavior and I was like, you got all these people who don't even have their pronouns up telling me about pronouns and they have trash panda and they have all this weird kind of like, stuff in their pronouns.


And so I was like, oh, okay, so you guys want me to put something in my bio? All right, yeah, I'm gonna put something in my bio. And they of course were wanting a he her, they, them, him, You know, of course that's what they wanted. And I just put beat ba boop. And it wasn't, to me, that wasn't just, I was like, I'm just proving to you, you can put anything you want in your bio. Simply put nothing to do with your pronouns, nothing to do with the transgender community, nothing. Just, you can put whatever you want. And that just had the biggest meltdown and you should have seen it in court the other day. I just couldn't believe it. He was like, your honor, your honor, she was making fun of the transgender community and put beep Bop boop in her bio.


And I was like, that is the most ridiculous can, can you hear yourself, sir? Like beep Bop boop. You, you tried Harvey Weinstein, you defended him and you're talking about beat Bob Boop right now. Are you kidding me? This is wild. And I'm just sitting there like, and I think the, I think the judge wasn't virtue signaling behind a computer right? Looks a lot different than virtue signaling behind, You know, in front of a judge and it looks absolutely ridiculous. How was the judge? She was wonderful actually. She was very smart. She knew the cases I, it actually gave me, I was really proud to see a one, a strong female up there, really kind of looking down, assessing the situation, knowing what's going on.


And, and she's a democrat. Biden Biden appointed a Democrat in 2022, but she was looking down and she had, she had control of the room. And I liked that 'cause there was no virtue signaling, You know, it's gonna be an honest courtroom. It, it felt like, and I, and I respected that man. That's nice to hear. Yeah. You don't hear very many people saying that's an honest courtroom anymore. I, and I hope it is, You know? Yeah. I really feel like, You know, I brought my bible with me and I had that in my purse, and I just want it to be, I don't know about what happens in the future.


I just want, I want this to, to change things in a positive way so that I can put a period on this end of my chapter, move on with whatever is in my future, which I love telling stories and I think that's gonna be a big part of it. And I wanna, I wanna move on with my life because of the embarrassment and the shame that I was carrying around for the last four years was not mine to carry and it wasn't. Right. And nobody else, You know, if it had been any other actress that went through this or actor, I don't think that they would've been able, they would've worshiped this business and I don't, and they wouldn't, they would've probably committed suicide from the amount of pressure and abuse that I went through.


So, damn. So hopefully this can right some wrongs, which yeah, we need, yeah, we need a lot of, a lot of good people. No matter if you're democrat, a Republican independent, no matter if you're from the United States coming into the United, United States, no matter if you're from wherever you are in the world, we need honest, good people to stand up, be courageous. We need to, we need support, we need mercy, and we need justice or else we're just going to allow this corruption to take hold.


And You know, this next election I'd say is very important. And so I'm all about not giving up. And I think more of us are coming together and realizing it's, it's gotta be all of us together. You know, you gotta put some of your differences aside and come together and save this country because when this country's a disaster, the rest of the world ends up completely losing their shit. Yeah, Yeah. We're saying that right now. Yeah.


How did you, how did You know you were fired? They just, they told somebody set on, they, they leaked it. So what they do is they leak it to news outlets. So somebody from Disney Lucasfilm leaked it to Variety and said that Gene, we are no longer in, You know, Gina's no longer employed with Lucas film and have no intentions to be, nevertheless, we feel like she's been denigrating people off of their cultural and religious beliefs, which was absolutely insane because what I was calling for was like any history Instagram could put post the post that I put and it would be accurate and it'd be true, You know, it's, it was just calling to not demonize neighbors.


It just so happened that it was referring to the Holocaust. Like people didn't just wake up Nazis, You know, you, they massaged people's like, You know, they the massage people into kind of like making it okay to demonize your neighbor. And so a neighbor you could have been having dinner with to say 10 years earlier, oh yeah, come on over. And You know, like, let's ha let's share dinner now you're watching that same neighbor get hauled off to a concentration camp and all of their furniture is getting displayed and, You know, ruined and you know, they're running through houses looking for, You know, Jew Jewish people.


And so we didn't just jump to that. It was a slower progression of neighbor, hating neighbor and the propaganda machine pumping that. And what I was saying through my tweet, didn't call anybody a Nazi, I didn't refer to anybody as Hitler like they, the left has been doing for about ever. Now. I just simply said, you know, it didn't start off here. And it wasn't even my words, it was just a little clip that I put up on, like, they used to have a fleet section, which is like a story section on Twitter. It was just kind of something I put up that I thought everybody could, you know, relate to. And what it got to was all of the Hollywood media took it, including Disney and Lucas film said, well, she's comparing Republicans to Jewish people in the Holocaust and she's done it, you know, she's trivializing it and she's antisemitic.


And I'm like, how is na how is calling for like, she's denying the Holocaust. I'm like, that's not ex, that's not at all how I read that. Can I read it? Of course, Jews were beaten in the streets, not by Nazi soldiers, but by their neighbors, even by children or post stated because history is edited. Most people today don't realize that to get to that point where Nazi soldiers could easily round up thousands of Jews, the government first made their own neighbors hate them simply for being Jews. That's what the Post said. Yeah. And also says, how is that any different than hitting somebody off of their political beliefs?


And I think that's where they really had a problem with me saying that, but we're Nazis, not politicians. Was that not political? And so if you just took that first sentence, oh, she's a Holocaust listener, when you say the whole thing together, you're saying Nazis got to, there's no denying Nazis or Nazis. They got to that place through neighbors hating neighbors. And basically we should really be cautious of that now. And we should be. And look what's happened. I wasn't wrong, I wasn't wrong about warning about the division, and I thought it was something genuinely that we could all say, Hey, let's not repeat history.


Let's learn from it and let's come together, You know, let's come together and appreciate we have our differences and get our country back in on track. Because when you, when you have a healthy country, a healthy working country, then you've got less addiction, you've got less broken homes, You know, like you, you, we need to get back to a healthier country. 'cause right now it's just how many people have I lost? Yeah. In the last from drug overdoses to all sorts of things. And it's, I have nieces, I have four darling nieces and I'd at least like to buy them another 25 years or 30 if I can before they have to start defending this.


Like we're having to defend it now. You know? Yeah. You're a critical thinker. There aren't very many of those left. I think there's, there's more. There's beginning to be more. There's a lot of, I mean, I think that's why we're at where we're at. I think that's, Well I think They stole critical thinking from people somehow. And They, they don't want people to be, they threaten people's comfort. And that's why I get so many actors and actresses come up to me and Oh, I'm with you, I'm with you.


It's like, I had one actress sit up on stage with me at one of these fan expos. All of a sudden it become, it became kind of cool to be canceled for, You know, almost kind of cool to be canceled nowadays. And she said, she's like, well I'm just a phone call away from being canceled. And I'm like, you would never go through what I went through the last four years. You would never in your life, you would never go through that. And, but I learned about life and I'm still learning about life with a clear lens. And I think I would prefer that more than anything, than to walk around in ignorance and be defending things that I didn't know that I was defending and not thinking about and just trying to be part of a group, just to be a part of a group.


You know? So I, I like being in the position I am. I don't like what I had to do to get this knowledge, but I love the lens that I'm looking through now. And I still have so much to learn, so much to learn that I'm excited about so many books and so many things that I'm like, I feel like it's like a whole new world to me. 'cause I'm seeing it like for what it is now. Yeah. And just, I'm just like a baby in it too because I mean, I look at you and I can only imagine the things that you've seen. And that's fascinating to me because I don't know that at all.


So it's, it's almost just like, it's just like being born again. Like all right, this is what the world has been. And I'm like a baby learning all over again, man. And when you got canceled and fired, everybody left you Correct. The talent agency? Yeah. My, who was the talent agency? It was UTA United talent artist then it was my very democrat lawyer who I think at some point was planning on running for some sort of office and would constantly be sending out emails about coming, you know, come to my house for this fundraiser for this Democrat.


You never see that in Hollywood. Come to this Republican, You know? Yeah. And then the only person that stood with me was Scott Karp, man, my manager at the time. But I, we recently, in the last, since last October, parted ways, but in a very loving, caring way that was, that I needed, I think he needed to move on because he is been through the thick of it with me for so long. And I needed a refresh. And it was really, it was really kind of as hard, You know, but good.


It wasn't a, it's not a, we both care about each other, like brother and sister. And I think that'll continue on. I just need time to rebuild. And I've got this new manager who is just, he's expecting his first baby. And he wasn't even a producer, or he wasn't even a manager, he was a producer. And I said, and I was like, I've got this lawsuit coming out and all this attention's gonna be on me for a hot two weeks, right? And I was like, it's gonna be hard. And he, we were like thinking about doing this project together and he's like, well, You know, Gina, if you need my help, he's this English man named Rob Westin, absolute gem of a man. And we're both at these points in our careers where we really wanna dive in and tell some cool stories where we're in charge of it, executive producing.


And so I have a partner now that will sit down in the writer's room and we'll go from six, or we'll go from 9:00 AM to six and we'll enter this, this world that we're creating in this script. And like all these people are walking around us and You know, Beverly Hills, like this place where people would go to do this, I guess. And me, him and this incredible writer are just sitting there and we're just developing this cool world that we're going to be able to create. And I don't even hesitate. I know that it's gonna come, I know that it's gonna happen. People understand what happened to me. It's not a, it's not a secret anymore that I was, you know, railroaded. And it's, it's pretty fascinating.


I don't even think Disney's lawyers believe themselves. Well I know they don't. They just kind of like, at one point I saw the lady in her head in her hands and she was just like, She's Like, oh gosh, this is like, You know, and I felt you almost feel bad for him. Like, you're like, you don't even believe what you're saying. You know, you have such bigger problems than beep butt boop. Okay man. And you can just see, imagine what the judges is sitting there thinking. She's probably like, and she didn't buy it, she wasn't buying it. So I don't think, You know, hopefully prayers up that we get to move forward and close, however it ends up closing, move past it. I'm moving past it regardless. And I'm gonna get into a, getting this one movie.


We got a movie and we've got a, a series on the dock. So they're both fun. Interesting. And I've been, I've been through everything from like the worst possible movies, like the worst movies ever to the best, You know, productions ever. I've seen it all, You know? And I am, I'm so excited. Good for you. Yeah, I'm excited. So with this, I want to get to the back to the lawsuit for just a little bit. And so it sounds like you kind of threw your hands up there for a little bit and put it in God's hands. And then what happened?


So, well, I was holding on to, after I got fired, we went to Arizona and it was basically out in the middle of nowhere where my mom, we squatted on my mom's property for about a year and a half. 'cause didn't, we didn't have anywhere to live, You know, couldn't live out of the RV the entire time. Well we could have, it's nice, but squatted in her guest house in Arizona and just kind of like, I did a lot of fan expos, which I felt like I was nervous about doing because I was like, oh gosh, this is where artists careers go to die as a fan expo. And so I was really just like, but this is how I'm gonna make money.


And so I started doing fan expos and it just, my first one, just like in Orlando, just like blew my mind like so much love. And we tripled our numbers and so many people come up to my booth and mothers who are crying. Thank you, thank you for taking a stand. So many like people that really do need the hugs, they need the love, You know, the people that show up to these things need to feel physical touch after being locked down for two years. And so, You know, some of the other actors have like a, they use, they would have like one of those like barriers so that you go and take a picture and there's a barrier in between.


And I was like, screw that. I was like, these people need to be hugged, they've just been locked in their homes and they're traumatized. You know, like we need to get back to that. And so I just like, I just, when I go to these fan expos, they give me more than I could ever give them. And I am a total fan expo person now 'cause it gives me an excuse to hug and listen to people's stories and love them and let them see my face and just let them know I'm just human too. And it's just, I just got done with one in Knoxville and it was the most precious thing with the most precious people and I love it so much. So that's what I did to make money for, You know, since.


And then, yeah. And then we got the Daily Wire movie going eventually after about like six to eight months since the announcement. And then we went up in Montana and just knew that's where we wanted to be. I think where I was kind of going with this was Elon's attorneys. Oh. So a week before I had prayed real hard, 'cause I was kind of holding on to this idea of justice, right? Oh man. So much justice that hasn't happened in the world. And so much injustice that is so blatant and in everybody's faces.


And I just was like, God, I want justice. You know? And then it was like, You know, Gina, maybe your justice is being alive and living in a beautiful country. And You know, Mo, you know, moving up to Montana and having a lovely family and having a totally alternate, like, You know, your mind frame's different. And so you might be struggling with money, but You know, it's okay. You're gonna figure it out and let it go. Let it go to God, give it up. This is his. And if you have to be, become a waitress, probably a pretty bad one, but I'll do it.


You know, I'll do whatever life. Just you, you're not a professional fighter and an actress. And I did bartend at one point though, and I was pretty good at that. Well, my dad would disagree, but I, I would be better at that now. More experienced. And so I was just kind of like, okay, well if I'm not supposed to go back to, to storytelling and, and Hollywood and nobody's hiring me because I got completely shamed, then okay, I'll let it go if I have to. And as soon as I did that, a week later is when Elon Musk's attorneys, who he had hired out, emailed me and said, we're interested in looking into your case.


And I had my family lawyer Will Mol. I was like, are these people legit or am I being like pranked right now? Because Elon Musk had put up that tweet that said, if you've ever lost your job due to a post here on Twitter, we'd like to look into your case. So it's not just me. He's helping, he's helping, he helped a college student. He's helping, I mean, he's helping a lot of people. He's Wow. Yeah. He's like funding their cases. Wow. Oh, he's, if it wasn't for Elon Musk, we'd be in a really, he is scary place. Yeah. So he wants justice. I think he's a, he's, I've never met him.


I've never spoken to him, but I couldn't be more grateful for what he's been doing in my life and what he's been doing. I mean, in not just like individual lives, but nations. I mean, the guy, You know, early in the Ukraine war, I mean, I remember, Yeah. He's, he, Him moving satellites over because nobody else would. Right. So that they could have internet comms. Here you have, you know, Joe Biden has spent how mu how many billions of dollars on all of this. And Elon Musk gets it done like that. And it's like, you're just wasting and money laundering all of our tax dollars.


And Elon Musk is using his own money to save lives and it just angers you. So I got that email, I responded back and like I made sure that I was, the person was legit emailed back and they're like, wow, ed Edward tr he is like, that's the fastest anybody who's gotten back to us. I Was like, well, I've been, it was, You know, like I had to get myself outta la I had to use the funds that was like that. I had to get myself into a better living situation. So my life wasn't in danger. And then, You know, I had to re rebuild my life, which takes money and I wouldn't be able to take you.


You, You know, Disney. Yeah, Yeah. You know, my, my family lawyer told me, he's like, this is gonna at least be initially a half a million Gina, and what do you want do? And I was like, I don't have that, you know? So I was like, okay, so rebuild your life. It is. And hopefully I get back on the horse, You know, and this all gets revealed. So the week after I gave that all over to God and I said, it's yours. A week after that is when they emailed me. And it's just been kind of like, the pressure from that moment. My body's getting healthier. I was carrying a lot of shame.


I was, You know, You know, food is also, You know, a thing that people, food I think is one of people's largest addictions, alcohol, You know, and just kind of like shame on top of shame. And now my body is breathing again. And it's a slower process. 'cause the older you get, the harder it gets. But like, I'm, I'm coming back into myself again and I've got my dream of like where I want my business to go. And, and this court case is gonna run its course. And I think people see, I think people see it for what it is.


What is the, what is the best case scenario of the court when it's over, when, when it's done in your favor? For me, yeah. It just depends, you know, I, I got asked this question at the Fanex Pro the other day, and You know, at what point, You know, so if she refuses the dismissal of Disney, right? Then we get to go into discovery and what we find in discovery. So at what point does this corruption get revealed, You know, is my question.


And at the same time, I want so badly to get back to my life. I don't wanna spend years in court at the same time. So I have this battle in me and I know that the right answer will come. And I don't have that right answer at the moment. I'm definitely, I think, proven that I'm not afraid to fight and take things through to whatever end, but I also, I want this country to heal. I want to move on and I wanna make art. And I'm sure people are pretty tired of me talking anyways.


And so I, I'm sure a lot of people would like to see me get back on film and kick butt again. And that would be, that would be my victory, is to have a, a movie come out where people just absolutely love see me back in my element. And that would be my personal victory, is succeeding and moving past the, one of the worst cancellations in Hollywood history. So, however that happens Before, have you ever thought about making that your first film? My grandmother told me, she said, well, one, they tried to shave half my head for the Mandalorian.


And my, my grandma was like, baby, don't you do that? She's like, then you're gonna have to do that all the time and that is gonna go outta style. And she said, so that's my first piece. And she's classic. She's, You know, classic southern belle. And she said, second, don't write your biography too soon. If you're gonna write it, don't tell your story too soon. You know, if you're gonna do that, wait until you've gotten past and you've gotten, I'm not past the, the struggle yet. I'm suing Dizzy. I'm in court. I'm, I haven't made that movie yet. I haven't gotten past to that, to that finish line where I can start my other marathon.


So I will tell you this, I am going to keep it very interesting. It'd be a fascinating film. Yeah. Oh yeah. It would be. Yeah. And I don't know, I hope you do that. Tell my story. Yeah. And movie form. Yeah. But I'll be directing it and I'll be like, I don't know, like 55 by then. Like fif, gimme 15 years. I've got a lot of things I need to accomplish before that one. I have a lot I wanna do. Yeah.


Yeah. I've got a lot of ideas. I'm very creative and it's just starting to happen now. Is there, I've heard rumors that the longer this lawsuit drags out and the more involved Elon gets the lower the Disney stock tanks. Oh Yeah. And that he may be thinking he might buy Disney. Do you think there's any validity to that? I have no idea. I think there's a lot of rumors, but I think it would be pretty, pretty cool if he did.


I'm with, You know, I hope that's what's happening. I think, I think one of the things where people are struggling with is fighting the cultural war. Right. You know, which is why I choose to go to the conventions where I'm not necessarily welcomed by, you know, more, more liberal cities who have made judgment calls on me that they don't know why because they've read some skewed article. Yeah. But I choose to show up because then I, or I get invited to go to public speaking events at Republican places and, and I don't wanna go to those. I want to stay in the art space. 'cause that's where people shy away from. And that's where we, we need to be.


We need to, somebody needs to be fighting in the art space. And that's what, that's where I wanna fight. I wanna fight right here in the art space, telling stories and making art in every form that people can enjoy and feel comfortable with. And at the same time still pushing boundaries. You know, it might, it still might not be for everyone. I am an action art that will be next. Snapped. How, how far along in your new journey are you when it comes? I mean, it's producing, directing, acting. So my first, our first plan is the movie, which we're about a month away from having a finished script and one more trip to hopefully one more trip to LA and it's gonna be there.


And then from there, my, my manager who I was only client 'cause I was, needed him. And it was just a perfect fit. And so then he's gonna show me how to do the rest of it. 'cause he, this is what he does. So I know the right people will come. I know through the last three or four years, so many people wanna be a part of my projects. They're just waiting for me. They're waiting for something for me to give them something for me to, to give them, to buy something for me to have them watch. You know, they're rooting for me in such a, a heavy way that I'm going to give that.


And it's going to be amazing. And I'm, I don't say that very often, but I say that with confidence. So it's, it's gonna be cool. What are you gonna call this enterprise? It's actually called Raven C. That's My Raven C that's my business name. Raven was the name I would've called the baby that I lost, so. Wow. That's deep. Yeah. It's also, interestingly enough, it's also, You know, like the bird that on the arc on Noah's arc, he let go of a raven and it never came back.


So the dove came back, but the Raven didn't. So I don't know. Raven sees my business name. That is very cool. Wow. Thank you. Yeah. I love that. Thank you Man. You know, is is, it sounds like you're very well versed in the Bible and I'm trying, I learn something every day. How much of, what do you think of what we're seeing going on in this country and, and actually not even in this country, the entire wor the entire world seems to be in disarray.


Do you think this is biblical? Oh, well, absolutely. I think it's, I think there's two different ways, you know, in my, You know, well in my mind, but God's got a much bigger plan for all of this. And we don't even know, You know, we can't even possibly imagine. But through his word, he's given us kind of an outline. And a lot of prophecies have been pro fulfilled. Right? I think most all of them. So there's a part of me that prays that my nieces get to grow up and don't have to face this in a young age.


You know, this kind of one world government, this globalist, this mark of the beast of totally eliminating, You know, cash. So that the only thing that you can, the only way you can pay is by putting something on your right hand or your forehead. And once you do that, it's just game over. Right. So I don't want my nieces to grow up in that, which is why I'm okay with speaking about it all. I'd like there to be another 25 years or plus of a great awakening of this great awakening of just people understanding that this is a beautiful life.


To, to fight for, to understand that there's been wrongs that, that that has been happening historically and that we can help to correct and come together as a people. But just by the, what they tried to do with Trump the other day, it seems like they can't lose because if they do lose, they are all done for a while until they die. You know, pass away from old age or whatever, get imprisoned even. I mean, people belong in prison.


Yeah. So with the mentality of this group that cannot lose without being exposed, I don't see how they let Trump get back in there. And then you have to really just pray that Trump, you know, You know, Trump holds on to, you know, power and, and power checks himself. You know, 'cause anybody in that situation. And I think he seems like he's in a pretty good place right now. Yeah. I'd say he's never looked more mature as a politician.


I'd say he's outshining the entire Democrat party. Like I think they're getting exposed left and right and it'd be wonderful to have him back in office to kind of set things straight. But it's not gonna be pretty 'cause they're, they can't lose. Yeah. They lose people who are going to prison. The more desperate they become, the more drastic the attempts are. And Like, what are your thoughts? The assassination attempt just doesn't seem, that was a young kid. How did he get so close? I mean, what are my thoughts?


Like How did a kid get a ladder? I think that I don't have any more insight than anybody else. Right. But the insight that I do have is I have worked with Secret Service several times. I've been on Sniper Overwatch, I've been on, I don't know how many damn protective type details when it comes to foreign dignitaries and, and, and people up to the level of the president. And without any of the other context. Like the context of, hey we, I mean remember the, without any of the other context, I don't know.


I think that that is impossible to have been dropped. Yeah. I've seen how Secret Service works. Yeah. It's to the top level. And that was an easy venue, a very simplistic venue. It shit just doesn't get dropped. No, it doesn't get dropped. Especially when you have people in the crowd screaming and pointing. Yeah, there's a man on the roof, there's a man on the roof, and he was a boy. Things don't get dropped like that. So I Don't know. Or you didn't even see all the plain clothes Secret Service guys that nobody's talking about.


Right. Right. I mean, there are everywhere infiltrated in every aspect of these venues. And so I don't see how it wasn't an inside job. Exactly. Then you look at the context, you know, of what the trail of what's, I mean they were throwing a shit fit before he ever even got elected. Right. I remember seeing grown men like smash eggs in women's faces who were gonna vote for him. Right. You know, it was all over the media. Then you look at the violence that was created once he got in there with BLM, with Antifa, You know, with all those, I mean all of those, I mean they burnt city blocks to the ground.


Right? Yeah. Then you had the big tech gurus, Zuckerberg and Bezos completely shut him off from communicating to the American public while he was still in office, by the way. Totally cut off this By he's Zuckerberg. Okay. He wants to sit there and play nice with a bunch of fighters and Oh, I do juujitsu now and look at 4th of July. And his, You know, his, well, I, I'm like, They're welcoming him. It's Ridiculous. And kind of goes to what we were talking about. You were Talking about this earlier. This man had such an influence the 2020 election. And, You know, I don't, well I come out and apologize. Yeah.


Come out and say, Hey, I was totally wrong, but don't try to buddy up to a bunch of UFC fighters and hide behind the American flag on your yacht and like ride in the wave. Like, yeah. I, I don't, I hate that. Like, man, up to what the, we wouldn't be in the situation had you not censored, I mean lives, lives were lost. Maybe even these wars wouldn't be happening if Trump, They silenced and then you go farther and they prosecuted him and that didn't work. And so what's the next progression? Let's kill 'em. I didn't think it would be that obvious.


I thought there would be attempts. I didn't think it would go like that. Yes. That's, And you know, I mean, I don't even think it was that kid. I thought it was somebody maybe further on out. Maybe it's, I just, I can't, you know, and then I, I can't even open Twitter or any of the shit right now because, or not Twitter, XX Instagram insert social media platform. And it's, well, the guy was a Republican. Okay. 'cause we've not seen any falsified fucking documents before this. Right, right. Well, oh no. And he doesn't have, Even if he was like, in, in, and in my experience in war, I mean that's, You know, what these terrorist organizations did was they got really good at coaxing, mentally handicapped people.


Yeah, yeah. Into becoming more suicide bombers. Yeah. Suicide missions, you know, and And what are we dealing with right now? A high level of mentally handicapped people Yeah. Who are being, You know, I mean, turned into extremists and they don't even know why they're so angry. And I, You know, sometimes I see these broken people in my lines at these expos and I go outta my way to just hug them and sign things for them. 'cause I can see how close that could possibly turn the opposite direction. Which is, You know, is why I show up to these things.


'cause I've had death threats, I've had stalkers of all of that. But it's important to, it's important to stay out there. And it was really admirable. I mean, I iconic what Trump did and st and stood up with his hand and blood. And also just the next day or the, You know, the other day when he was out there giving a speech, you could just see so much emotion just like I could possibly lose my life. Hmm. It just became that much more real, it looked like on his face. Like, I could possibly be assassinated. These people aren't gonna stop until they do. And they're showing me that.


Yeah. And it's just, it's just so gross and evil. It just, it's just so evil. Well, if there were any doubts about his cognitive and physical ability for being, what is he? 82? Oh, I thought he was 80. He was he 80? Yeah. In the realm. We got one. You know, You know what I think to get shot Biden is 82. Isn't He Is. Yeah. Biden's 80 Trump 79. I know. Let's just, let's just say Whatever they're on the same ballpark Night, Age wise. I truly wish, You know, I have a strange thing. If it was my cabinet, I truly wish that Robert, I, I really do like Robert Kennedy a lot.


I wish that he would've been vice president and I, and I would've put Vivek as Secretary, secretary State so he could just like nail the entire press every single day. I would tune in every single day to watch Vivek hand hand the media their ass, You know? Yeah. And I also kind of feel bad for the media too, because it seems like they've been a bit silenced and are finally like, just take the chain off our throats. But the chain shouldn't have, they shouldn't have allowed the chain to be on their throats since We began this. Every single one of those newscasters had a decision that they had to make. Yeah. And it was wrong. And I hope those news agencies get stuffed in a hole.


Yeah. And never come back out. Yeah. Because they're all, They were complicit just Talking Heads. They were complicit and, And they fucking know it. Yeah. And I see 'em all out there calling for you. Oops. Oh, my lips gonna start twitching. I'm so fucking pissed off right now. I know. All a Sudden we need unity. We don't promote political violence. Like, I'm sorry, what the fuck was Black Lives Matter and Antifa like, did you guys miss that show? Yeah. Or what was calling? Okay. So they're basically saying for the last, I don't know, eight years, right? Trump's Hitler. Trump's Hitler. Trump's Hitler. Yeah. If you really believe that Trump's Hitler now you're like, oh, You know, we don't want anything to happen to Trump.


Well, I mean this, this shooter was 20, right? Yeah. And they've been doing this for eight years Yeah. On Trump. Yeah. So, you know, just constant, You know, I was talking to my, 'cause I had to call my attorney for a sanity check. He's always got a great perspective. Yeah. So I called him the day of, they, They are great for that. They are. And I'm like, I'm like, Tim, I need a sanity check. Yeah. How was this not an inside job? You know? And it, and we had a long discussion and one of the things that came out is what you're saying, You know, they, they called him Hitler for eight years. Yeah. This is the biggest threat to democracy. This is. And so rewind eight years ago, this shooter was 12 years old taking exactly all of that in Yeah.


His entire young adult life. Yeah. Through puberty. Yeah. All he's heard is this shit. And now they want to act fucking surprised. Yeah. When the people that they've brainwashed are trying to kill presidential candidates. Right. Kill the opposition. Wow. Or maybe that's what they wanted this entire time. Wow. 12 years old to 20 years old. And that's, You know, That's all you're fed every fucking day. They created this. Now they're scared shitless. They've been exposed, they've been exposed. Everybody knows. And How crazy where That came from. Not even crazy how wonderful it was so obvious.


And You know, my belief system that had he not just turned, had Trump had not just turned his head slightly, that would've gone straight through right to the back. And had he not just done this at the right second, that would've gone a whole different way. Which, which means that they were trying to kill him. Right. 'cause he moved his head just right at the right moment. And there is a God. Yeah. That was definitely some divine intervention. And I think that was very, very obvious to Trump as well. And I think his whole, his whole demeanor has kind of changed.


And I think that he realized his life was spared for a reason. And I, I remember before the election in 2020, we would have days of prayers, You know, like long days of prayer all over the nation. And I think we should probably get back to that because I think that our prayers are being answered now, but that we need to continue praying because, you know, God might not answer it right when you want it, but he does follow through. And so yeah. Hopefully, hopefully, hopefully we can get this country back and get our lives back and see our nieces and your children and everybody grow, grow up in some pride of being an American understanding that like we can, You know, learn from history and understand what's to come and just really kind of take some respect as in ourselves as human beings.


And hopefully we can get there because if not, well, I'll be in Montana If that was divine intervention. I think it's inevitable. Yeah. That that's where we're headed. Yeah. And man, what a breath of fresh air that would be. Right. So, yeah. But, well, Gina, I just wanna say I loved having this conversation with you. Me, me too. And just getting to know you and I can't wait to see what you produce. Thank you. In the future. I know. It will be amazing. And man, You know, just, and once again, I mean, thank you, thank you for being who you are and there just isn't anybody in your position that's doing this.


Thank you. Thank you. I think my mom and my dad, they, they, they did a pretty good job. My mom, she's a little angel eyes, so, and, and thank you. 'cause I've, I've been watching everything that you've been doing and I'm so proud to just be like, this man seems so cool. Of course I wanna go to talk to him. Well that means a hell of a lot because I'm sorry it took me so long to get here. Hey, all in good time. So best of luck. Thank you.


Hi, I am Joe Saul Cihi, host of the Stacking Benjamins podcast. Every week we talk to experts about saving, investing, personal finance trends. Oh, crypto. Can't do it. You could have done All that research, all the breadcrumbs and thought this company's never going bankrupt Foiled again. You never knew personal finance could be this fun. Throwing down the gut weight. I'm Bringing it today. I'm only gonna be off by six figures instead Of seven. Every boy has a dream doc. Every boy has a dream for sure. Stacking benjamins. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.