
My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day,


Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/results to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/results. Terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be


Joe Kent, welcome to the show, man. Thanks for having me, Man. I appreciate it. My pleasure, my pleasure. You popped up on my radar. And. I started digging in on you a little bit and not too much though 'cause I wanna be surprised in the interview. But man, you have such a, such a impressive career and you've been through so much. There's so many things we need to talk about in this, in this podcast. But, but primarily, you know, you And your wife's story and I'm very much looking forward to digging into that.


And I think there's gonna be a lot of wisdom that comes from this and a lot of content that's gonna help people that are going through very tough chapters in their life. So, I just, I just wanna say man, Thank you for being here. I appreciate that, man. Thanks for having me. It's gonna be a heavy interview. Yeah. And, and so, you know, just like we were talking about at breakfast, this is your interview I want to do, I want to give you the best life story interview you've ever had, as best to my ability at least. And, and so we'll, we'll do childhood, military career, family life, and then getting into you running for congress. Sounds great.


Yeah. So, yeah, be a, a very well-rounded interview, but I'm gonna go ahead and introduce you real quick. Hope you don't mind. But Joe, you are a 20 year veteran of Special Forces Army, Special Forces. Then you went on to a field operative job at the Central Intelligence Agency. Your first wife, Shi wife Shannon, was Als, who also served, was killed while fighting ISIS in Syria. You're a widower raising your two young sons in Washington state and are now remarried to your wife Heather Kaiser served as you served as a foreign policy advisor to former President Trump.


You also served as a project manager for a tech company before retiring on your military pension in January of 2023. To devote yourself fully to your campaign, your candidacy. For US Congress is focused on restoring common sense Republican values and defeating the woke extremist Democrat, Congresswoman Marie Perez. And you are the author of Send Me The True Story of a Mother at War. That's awesome. Thank, you, am I missing? I'm sure I'm missing a lot, but that's Great, Man. But quite the career. So before we move on, everybody gets a gift.


don don't know if you're aware of this. Yeah. Thank you so much. There you go. That was awesome. You got any guesses? I'm hoping it's gummy. Bears it Man, you're hot. Yeah, you're hot. There they are. That's awesome. I won't come back empty handed. My kids will be excited. Legal in all 50 states, although that doesn't matter because you know, pretty much everything's legal in Washington. Right, exactly. Yeah. So there's no limits there. Yeah. But yeah. But yeah, you can enjoy those on the ride home. I'll give you more for your kids. But anyways, Joe, like I said, we kind of went over the, the outline of what we're gonna talk about. But before we get too heavy in the weeds, I am interested in why did you decide to run for congress?


Man, the short answer is 2020. I mean, that was right after, about a year after Shannon was killed, And, I had transitioned out of, you know, going overseas and getting shot at for a living. And it was probably the first time I had really paid attention to domestic politics. I'd always voted, but I was really focused on foreign policy. Just with our, our last line of work. That's kind of where your, where your head, where your head goes. But coming home to the, the city and the area that I grew up in and just seeing what happened during 2020 and then seeing what happened during Covid shocked me. The way that people were just completely accepting of surrendering all their rights to the government.


That shocked me. And then the riots I was living actually just to the south of, of Portland, Oregon, when the riots happened after my late wife was killed, I moved pretty close to where my parents are, just to get my kids closer to my family and thinking it was still Portland of the eighties and nineties that I grew up in. But watching the riots just ravage downtown Portland. And it wasn't so much the riots, it was the fact that people were going along with it. People who should have known better were saying that, oh no, this is probably just, you know, this is about civil rights, this is about racism. And I was pretty quick on. I was like, that's not at all what this is about. I mean, 'cause for those of us who've been overseas and been in hostile environments, it, it has a feeling.


And that's very much the way it felt to me. There's, there's this unchecked violence that's taking place right now. Law and Order has broken down, and whoever is the most violent and aggressive and the most organized and willing to use that violence and aggression, they're gonna rise to the top. And that's exactly what I saw for all, all of 2020. So move just across the river to a more rural community. And then obviously the election went the way that it did. We can kind of get into the backstory a little bit, but I'd already kind of met the Trump administration and spoken of President Trump at Dover after my late wife was killed. And I was planning on going back and working in a second Trump admin. That's a whole separate, separate story we can get into. But then in the conservative district that I had, I had moved to just across the river.


My congresswoman voted for Trump's impeachment after January 6th. And, I was mad. Everybody was mad 'cause she was a Republican, but nobody was stepping forward. There was a lot of people who were politically active in the community who were, who were saying, Hey, we're very mad and we're going to censure her. We're gonna write her a, a letter. And. I was just like, okay, well who's stepping forward to actually primary her? Because that's the mechanism. If, if you're not happy with your elected official, you should run against them or you should support another candidate, especially in a primary. It's really key. A lot of people skip the primaries, but that's how we enforce discipline within our own ranks as primary people. And I was pretty disappointed to see that nobody was stepping forward. And then I, you know, had a little bit of self-reflection based on our, my background in the military.


And if you're looking around to see who's in charge, well congratulations. It's you And absence of orders attacks, So I just said, you know what, I'm at least gonna run. I'm at least gonna give her a challenge so that she knows that we, the people are not happy with her, ultimately prevailed in the primary. But then general didn't go, so didn't go as planned. But we were really close. Less than a percentage point in the general So I, here I am again, running for Congress. So keeping the, keeping the fight up. Why did you, I mean, a lot of peop I'm interested in why you decided to run for, for Congress rather than more, more of a local political spot. Because, you know, I think a lot of people are starting to think that the, the federal government is just a, it's, it's a, it's lost, it's gone.


And people seem to be concentrating more on local elections because that's your immediate sphere of influence. That's what actually probably affects you more than anything. It does. And so I'm just, I'm I'm just curious, did you consider running for local at All? I, I didn't because I had never really considered running for office until the woman I voted for my congresswoman, like voted for Trump's impeachment. She had a couple other bad votes there that kind of put her on my radar. but I assumed that somebody else, especially after she did something that was so against the will of her voters, I assume that somebody else maybe that was already in local office, that already kinda had a name for themselves and a political machine built up that they would step forward. And so just seeing nobody step forward, that's why I went for that position.


In particular, I think with my experience though, in the military and the intelligence community, I I think I'm best served at the federal level because the way that the federal government has ran off the reins, especially the way they spend so much of our money on foreign aid, foreign wars. And we see this all the time. You get representatives in, in the house and the Senate who have no background whatsoever in national security. And regardless of what they say on the campaign trail or the fact that their constituents Republican and Democrats alike want a more restrained foreign policy, they go to DC they get brought into the, the skiff at some point in time and they get told, you know, some really compelling information, I'm sure. And the next thing you know, they're voting in accordance with exactly what, you know, the military industrial complex, the foreign aid machinery wants.


Whereas I think if you have more people who are from that world and well versed in it, we can kind of call them on their, on their BS and say like, okay, wait a sec. What, what is this information? What's the plan? How will sending hundreds of billions of dollars every year to Ukraine, for instance, how will that change the actual stated outcome? Ask real hard questions so that we can actually start allocating a lot more resources towards the American people. Because I think in, especially in our lifetime post nine 11, the way that we've focused exterior on the rest of the world's security that's put the American people last and I think a lot of that is, is coming home to roost right now. But I think it's hard for folks who aren't from that world and well versed in the national security state just to understand exactly how we, the people are being scammed by our government.


Man, That's a damn good point. I didn't think about the, about the military industrial complex stuff. I mean, I think about it all the time. Yeah. You know, but, but to have guys in there that understand it, that makes a hell of a lot of sense. So Thank you for clarifying and yeah, we'll get a lot more into the weeds on that towards the, the back end of the interview. But for now, let's keep it about, let's just keep it about your life story. Yeah. And so let's start a childhood. Where did you grow up? So I was actually born in a cabin, believe it or not, in a little town called Lebanon, Oregon, which is just to the south of Eugene. My dad had gotten a job with the Forest Service and so my dad was out there working as a forest ranger.


So I was the first first kid they had and they decided to, to do it adventurous and, and have me at home with a midwife in a log cabin. But then after that we moved right away. My parents both got into law school. So my first couple years we were in Eugene. But then by the time I was five we moved up to Portland. So I I really grew up in, in Portland. Right on. What were you into? So pretty much anything outdoors, anything that was related to like the military outdoor adventures. I was actually really lucky. My area had a great Boy Scout community. So I was really heavily involved in Boy Scouts pretty much until the time I joined the Army. You know, they Just changed the name of the Boy Scouts Breaks my Heart, man. Is that real? It's, it's real. Yeah. What did they change it to?


Do you Remember I think they just draw I. think it's just scouts now or something like that? Yeah, Yeah. I don't know. They've, they've had some, some hard years and like, they're not what they used to be, unfortunately Man. Yeah, It's, it's sad 'cause that was a, an institution where you could send your sons off to and they were gonna be, they were gonna be in an environment where boys could be boys for one. You know, you could go off and that's kinda the way my Boy Scout troop was like nowadays, if my Boy Scout troop existed, the Scoutmasters would probably like be sent to jail. 'cause they basically were like Lord of the flies. It was like the older boys run the younger boys and you know, maybe at the end of the weekend we'll make sure that nobody gets hurt. But you know, you guys just kind of go off in the woods and do your own thing. Yeah. Which is great. 'cause I think little boys need that 'cause you got so much of that energy.


But it's sad now that that's just like yet another institution that's been closed off to young men where a lot of character could have been formed. A lot of really good life lessons could be taught. You can go and mentor younger kids and now it's become some, now it's become something that is going to basically adhere to the whims of woke culture. Yeah. You know, and that's what they did. They're a big corporation. They're a big organization. They said, Hey, but what about girls? But what about LGBT, element OP? And now we have a, a name change and they've destroyed yet another great institution. Man, it's, it's sad. What caught, what caught your interest in the military as a, as a kid? Man, maybe you had two attorneys as parents.


Yeah, no, so I'm not from a military family. Like both my grandfather served in World War ii, kinda like everybody else, but not a military family at all. I had an uncle who was in the Marine Corps as logistics guy, but he lived on the East Coast, So, I, you know, see him once or twice a year. But not a military community. Not a military family. I honestly, as far back as I can remember, like I wanted to be a commando of some sort. don don't know. If it was just good programming from the eighties of like GI Joe and a team. That's what got me. Yeah. I think got a lot of us, right? Yeah. So I mean. And I. Then as I got older, you know, obviously this is pre-internet, but I just read whatever I could get my hands on about the Vietnam era guys, you know, reading Soldier of Fortune and So I was, I pretty committed that, hey, once I, once I can go to the recruiter's office and join.


That's exactly what I'm doing. Right On. Were you in any sports? Yeah, I wrestled and played football Any good. No, I was not good at all like that. How About academics? No, not good at that either. I was, I was like good at being out in the woods. I, I was good enough at like academics to not get in a lot of trouble. So like I, I learned pretty easily that I could get C's in the classes that I hated, you know? And then if I liked it, like history or whatever, then I, you know, I'd do okay. But I was, I mean they're telling the kids in high school or, or like my peers, you know, Hey, you have to study this, that and the other thing for your SATs and your as SATs. And I'm like, man, I'm joining the army as soon as, as soon as I can get outta here. 'cause the whole, you know, you need to go to college thing. I was like, wait, so you want me to go to four more years of school that like I have to pay for?


Like, that is a horrible deal. The Army's gotta be better. Yeah, yeah. Did you, how did you, I mean, how did you come to the Army? Like why out of all the branches? Yeah. You went to the Army. So I. I did a lot of research. And I. It's weird to say now 'cause we've been at war for so long. But back then in the mid to late nineties, there wasn't a lot of conflicts on the horizon. There had been, you know, Grenada, Panama, Mogadishu, there was these fleeting chances to get to go to combat and So I, I figured, hey, if I can go be a Green Beret, those guys are always kind of deployed, maybe not necessarily to a hot war, but they're always somewhere working. If Indigenous forces, So I was pretty drawn to that.


But then in, in 93 when Mogadishu happened, black Hawk Down incident, I know you've interviewed some of those guys. I was 13 years old and that was the first time Cable News had just kind of come online. And that was the first time I think Americans really had like brutal combat put up in their living room on TV and So I remember watching that and it's like, man, there's, you know, young guys out here that are in Savage Combat. Yeah. And I'm like, man, I'm, I'm 13. Some of those guys there are probably 18. They could have been in high school with me last year. And So I was like, who, who are those guys? 'cause I knew you couldn't at the time, you couldn't go right to Special Forces and So I was like, oh, that's the ranger regiment. And I was like, okay, cool. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try that first.


I did read, I read Rogue Warrior though when I was in high school. And I was like, oh man, that is, this is badass. Like, I mean that book is phenomenal. I'm like, man, this is, maybe I should go try to be a seal because I was always in the water. I ended up gonna dive teams in sf. But when I went and talked to the Navy recruiter, they were just like, yeah, so just join the Navy and you'll get a chance to go to the, go to the SEAL teams. And I'm like, shouldn't it be in writing somewhere? And they're like, so you need to pick another Navy job. And all the Navy jobs, other than being a Seal sounded freaking horrible. So I was like, don don't know man, this seems like a bad deal to me. And luckily I had, there was a guy who ended up working for my dad who was a lawyer, but he had been in the army and he, he gave me the best recruiter advice ever. He was like, look, just know what you want going in there, whichever branch service you pick, whichever job.


He's like, get it in writing. He's like, do not sign your name on the dotted line unless you're getting exactly what you want. And if they don't give you what you want, walk out and at least go see one of the other services. Like, but but don't just blanket sign. So that his, his voice was in my head as the Navy recruiter was just like, yeah, yeah, they'll tell you after bootcamp. And I was like, don don't know man, that the Army guy said he'd put the Ranger thing in con in in writing. So that's, that's the route I went. So you went right after high school? I did, yeah. Yeah, I did the whole delayed entry thing. So I was, I had a ship out date, like my whole senior year of high school. I, I knew exactly when I was leaving for basic training. Nice. How did your parents, I mean, receive that? Were they excited for you I? Were They worried?


I think, well there was no war going on, so they weren't as worried. I think as, you know, parents just a couple years later would be, but I had talked about it for so long. I think that they, maybe when I was in early high school years, they, they were hoping I was gonna outgrow it. But I think by the time I actually went down to their careers, they were like, okay, well I guess we don't have to worry about paying for your college. So, yeah. Yeah, yeah. So you enlisted? Yeah. How long after high school did you ship out? It was like two weeks. Yeah. Right on now. Yeah. Yeah. And what was that like? So. I loved it, man. I, I was just, 'cause I had taught, I'd thought about it for so long that like, I was the geeky kid that was like, oh this is super cool. They're giving us camouflage uniforms and like what day do we get to CNM 16?


You know, So I was, I like living the dream. I thought it, I thought it was great. I mean I, you know, there's parts of it that were hard or whatever, but I was just really excited to finally be doing what I had thought about for so long. What Did you think about the other people that were integrated with you after? I mean are you 18 at this Point? Yeah, I mean, I'm 18. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You're 18. Yeah. You're at bootcamp getting ready to go to Ranger Battalion. I mean, what was your first impression? Was it everything he thought it was gonna be? Yeah, I mean, basic training definitely was like, they still, at the time there was still one station training. So if you were, if you were infantry you were there for whatever, it's 12, 14 weeks and they gave you the full, the full treatment just like you'd see in full metal jacket or whatever.


The drill sergeant's yelling and all that. And So I was, I thought it was great. And it was, it was really cool getting to meet don don't know, just like kids that were like-minded, you know? 'cause it's, it's, it, there was only a handful of us. My boy Scout group actually put a lot of people in the military. But in Portland there wasn't like a big military culture. Like I joke, but it's like, hey, if you wanted to rebel growing up in Portland, you said that you were gonna enlist in the infantry. Like that's the most rebellious thing that you could do. And so it was cool to be around a bunch of other kids that were my age that like most of us, I mean there was a couple guys here and there that like had no idea how they got in the army. They're just like, you know, the judge told them they had to join the army or you know, go to jail or whatever. But there was a lot of us that were just like raised on GI Joe and the A team.


And we were, you know, finally getting to go play Army. So it was, it was neat to be around like-minded people. Were a lot of people with you going to Ranger Battalion? Yeah, there was a handful of us that had it in our contracts that we'd, that we'd try out. But you know, as, as time wears on in basic, you start hearing some guys that are like, don don't know if I want to go to Ranger Battalion. 'cause like this already kind of sucks and whatever. Whatever's next has to be worse. So I think we weeded out some people even before we ever saw a real Ranger. When did you get to Ranger Battalion? I got there in November of 98. Right after. Right after. Yeah. So boot camp, you go to Airborne School and then when you're done with jump school, the ranger team comes and picks up the guys that have ranger contracts and takes you off to the, the month long.


It was rep ranger indoctrination program when I went through, it's called I think Ranger Assessment Selection. Now How was that? It was great, man. I mean, it, it was hard. Like they, they definitely put you through more challenges than you. You go through in basic training and, and obviously airborne school. So it, it's a good gut check. We, we out, we out a lot of guys there. I think now because of the wars, they do a lot more emphasis on, they actually teach the guys like how to shoot, move, communicate. When I went it was just like, we're gonna try and make you guys quit for a month. Yeah. You know, so there was some land nab here and there, but it was mostly just, you know, time runs, time rucks, a lot of beat down sessions, obstacle course, that type of stuff.


What was the attrition rate? It's pretty high. I mean over 50% I think Over 50%. Yeah. Over 50. Did you, I mean, did you notice a difference in the caliber of men that you were with? Yeah, right away. Right away. I mean, 'cause like you get outta basic training and already they, they fill your head up with a bunch of, you know, kind of bravado. Like, hey, you're, you're in the infantry now. And like the infantry is the, the backbone in the army and you're the toughest guys in the army. And then you go to Airborne School, you know, and you hear like, now you're a paratrooper. And so you did see a lot of guys who were like, okay, maybe I'm good with just being, this is good enough. And so, like a lot of those guys were like, well I don't, I don't wanna take the next challenge 'cause I've already achieved this, you know, so why would I go attempt something that's even harder?


So it was, it was even cooler to be around guys that were like, yeah, what's next? Like, let's go do the next hard thing. So that was, I I always found a lot of inspiration there. I mean, especially throughout my career. You know. Were You still eight? Were you still 18 years old? Oh yeah. When you showed up to, to rip? Yeah. Yeah. What was the average age of the, of the gents that were in that? It's young. Yeah. Probably 18, 19. Is It 18? Yeah. Everybody's pretty young. Okay. Yeah. There's, there's an oddball hero there that joined the military later on in life. But, So you're still with very inexperienced, very young military personnel. Just maybe a higher drive. Yeah, exactly. What happens after rip? So then you go to, to battalion, you go to your ranger battalion. So. I was lucky. The guys in my graduating rip class, most of 'em wanted to go to either Savannah, Georgia or wanted to go stay there at Fort Benning 'cause there wasn't a lot of us from the West coast.


And so you Get to pick you, You can horse trade, at least don don't know how it is now. This is, you know, late nineties. So they basically came out and they were like, you guys are all the same to us. So if you get a battalion that you don't want and there's someone that wants to trade with you, you've got like an hour at a wheel and deal and so an hour Yeah. Or something or something like that. They like walked out. They're like, we don't care. You're all the same to us. Like, but you've all been assigned a battalion. If you don't like it and you wanna switch to a buddy, tell us now and we'll and maybe we'll make it happen. And so luckily nobody wanted to go to Fort Lewis, which is pretty close to where I lived in Washington. So I'm like, yeah, absolutely. So I switched to a guy right away. I was supposed to go to Third Battalion, but there was a guy that was from I think somewhere down south that switched to me.


What's the difference between the battalions? Why would somebody want to go to one versus the other? I think when you're that young and inexperienced, it's just geography. That was, for me, it was just like, I don't wanna stay in in Fort Benning anymore. I don't wanna be down in Georgia. I want to go back up to the, the Pacific Northwest where I'm from. As, I mean now when the wars are running full steam, I mean I think every battalion was doing basically the same thing. So I don't think there was much of a difference. Okay. When the wars first kicked off though Third Battalion being next to 75th regimental headquarters, they got, they did the initial jump into Afghanistan. So they were there closer to the flagpole, you know, so there's some bad that comes with that for them. But then also they, they tended to get the, whatever the, the best mission was, you know, right off the bat.


Gotcha. Is there any, is there any cultural differences between battalions? There Is, yeah. Yeah. The first battalion guys were much more laid back 'cause they're out there on the beach. And then the third battalion guys I think are probably the most high strung. 'cause they're there at like, I mean they live at the, the home of the infantry, you know, so that's like a lot more I think spit and polish and then second battalions kind of in its own little world. Little, little more west coast culture out there. Probably a little more laid back. Yeah. I can't imagine a range of battalion being laid back, but Compared to the other range of battalions. Yeah. Second battalion's still pretty Spartan. Yeah. So what, so how was it showing up to Ranger Battalion Second Battalion? Correct. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's basically like you, you started all over again at Rip.


They kind of treat you like crap for, for a while. I mean they treat you like crap for, you know, pretty much your first year there. 'cause the attrition continues. I mean 'cause Ranger Battalion is pretty unique and soft. Whereas they take people that are, that have regular army moss, regular Army jobs. So if you screw up they can just kick you literally down the street. Like if you're an infantry guy, which most people ranger a battalion are and they don't like you, they can kick you out and the next thing you know you're, you know, two blocks down at the 25th infantry. Does that Happen a lot? They can. It happens a fair amount. Yeah. I'm not sure how I I think probably once the op cycle really kicked up during the war, they probably didn't do it as much, but they made it very clear to, to me and my, my peers that like, you could be fired like later on this afternoon if we don't like you.


So, so as a kid you remember watching Mogadishu go down? Yeah. Yeah. And so now you're a Ranger battalion, second Ranger battalion, still 18 years old, correct? Yep. And do you meet anybody who was in that conflict? Yeah, so we had, there was two guys. They were in a different company, but they were like legends. Everybody knew who they were. They were like probably senior nc, I guess e sevens, e sixes. But they would do a lot of professional development where they talk about the battle of Mogadishu in particular when we were doing like urban movement, CQB, they were definitely the subject matter experts. And then we had a handful of guys, like my squad leader had jumped into Panama.


So there was, there was a few people and I think for the being in the army in the late nineties, all things considered, we had a lot of combat experience. Just really just in our, our battalion. Yeah. What was that like for you being 18? Being surrounded by, by men who had already been out doing what you've been fantasizing about doing? Awesome, but intimidating. You know, you definitely like, like those guys, you know, later on in life, after we, the wars have been going for a while, you know, you run into some and you're like, oh this is just, he's just a regular dude. He's a little bit older than me. But at the time when you're a kid you're like, oh my god, this guy's like this. He's a legend. He's absolutely amazing. So yeah, it was, it was intimidating to be around those guys.


But also it was like, I'm in the right spot. This is where I want to be. Like we're, I'm talking with guys who actually went out and did the real, they actually went to combat, they did the real deal and they're gonna train me how to do it because this is our job, this is our profession. Which at the time in the late nineties, I think a lot of military units probably didn't have that. 'cause it was kinda like, well what is our mission? Like we sort of go train, we sheet blanks at each other, you know, whatever. Whereas Ranger Battalion, just because of what they had been through in particular Mogadishu, but you know, Panama and GR before that they were just like, hey the, the balloon could go up, the call could come and you could be in combat tomorrow. Like that was the mentality there.


What kind of, I mean what was, what was the daily routine for you when you got there? It's, I mean basically what you'd expect. Elite light infantry, I mean ru running and Rucking physical fitness was really big. And then so was marksmanship and small unit tactics. And so basically your, your life kind of revolved around that. So like group, group pt, you know, whether it was rocking or running was really big. And then we'd go through different blocks where we'd actually shoot a lot. And again, just perspective late nineties like us and maybe the guys from first Special Forces group that are also on Fort Lewis. We'd be like the only guys at the ranges you'd, every now and again you'd see the regular army out there doing like their qual their annual accord.


I don don't know, whatever, but they weren't out there at all that that much. And, but we were out there putting rounds down range, you know, quite a bit. Which was, was a luxury I think most units just didn't have. And then the small unit tactics piece too, just being tactically proficient at basic patrolling. I mean even if we weren't out at the range with live ammo, they'd, you know, our squad leaders would literally have us in the back, the back 40 just doing patrolling, you know, so you learn the basics. And then same thing C-Q-B-C-Q-B obviously became a huge focal point in Iraq and some of the other places that we fought. By the time with the experience from Mogadishu, we were still doing flow drills. Really heavy emphasis on urban combat. Heavy emphasis on like urban movement.


So yeah, those, it was a very serious place to, to be an 18-year-old. You know, they definitely drill it into your head that hey, this is life and death stuff and we expect you to literally live up to the Ranger creed and, and be the elite soldier your country needs you to be. How did, how long were you at Ranger Battalion? I was Only there for three years. How did SF pop up on your radar I'd? When I came in, I'd always wanted to go to sf and this is before nine 11, so I'd been in battalion if you'd been in battalion at that time. It's totally changed now. But if you'd been in battalion at that time, for about a year, year and a half, you had done the full training cycle. You had, you had done like your individual marksmanship block, your individual small unit tactics block, you'd done your airfield seizure block.


'cause that was a core mission then. So you'd, you'd spend a couple months just doing like static line jump after static line, jump with all your gear doing like secure the airhead like they did in Grenada and Panama. And then you'd do a rotary wing evolution where you'd go out and train with the one 60th and do fast roping and do air assaults and that type of stuff. And then, but then that block would just kind of rinse, repeat and So I figured, I was like, okay, I've been here, I've got a solid base and soldiering I'm gonna take it to the next level and, and try to go to Special Forces. Did you have any combat deployments with Ranger Battalion? I did not. Nope. I was actually in my first or second day of Special. Forces selection was September 11th.


So you u so you used Ranger Battalion as kind of a gateway to Special Forces? I did, yeah, definitely. And was there any animosity from Oh yeah. Was there, yeah, The only accepted way to leave Ranger Battalion at the time, I don't know if it's different now. Probably, it's probably about the same. The only accepted reason to leave Battalion was like, you either got picked up for Delta or you died. That was, if you left for any other reason, you were like a horrible trader. But it's kind of funny because Regiment follows essentially the same rank structure and career progression as the infantry does. So really as you move up the ladder, there's less and less ability for people to stay there.


So like if you're an E five, you're gonna get a fire team, E six, you'll get a squad. But past that, there's only four platoons per company. So if you're gonna get promoted, the dirty secret is a lot of rangers end up going to sf. Like it's just not, it's not discussed, it's not talked about. So you still kind of, you know, the, the leadership still gives you the, the speech. So I got the speech before I left for Special Forces selection, which basically was, if you don't pass, you don't have a job here anymore. So you better pass. That's pretty good motivation. That is damn good motivation, right? Yeah. So, so what, so you leave Ranger Battalion and then, and and what happens? You, you show up to selection? Yeah, go to Selection standard. You know, you get your first couple days where you don't do a lot, like do a we you take a PT test there at Fort Bragg and that's where everybody shows up.


Like, so if you look at Special Forces class numbers, it's like we started out with like 300 or whatever. 'cause they'll kind of let anybody come and take the PT test this again, this may have changed, but this is, you know, 2001. And so they weed out a bunch of guys on the PT test and then they take you out to Camp McCall, which is where the majority of selection is. Once they weed out that initial crop and I think we'd only been there for a day or two and they, they call us all in the classroom and they're like, America has been attacked And. I'm thinking like, oh, that's weird. Like is there a scenario? 'cause you know you do training missions. Yeah. And they're like, here's the scenario, the country's been attacked and now we're gonna war in this country. And so they start talking to us about like how America just got attacked. And I'm like, man, this can't be actually real. And then they actually bring in some TVs and then they say, Hey, if you're from the Washington DC area or from the New York area, the offices are open, just go grab phones and start calling your loved ones to make sure they're okay.


And I was like, holy shit. Yeah. I was like, holy crap, that Makes it real. Yeah. Yeah. So then like the next day they bring in all the cadre and stuff like a Special Forces selection. The cadre are, are famously very stoic. Like they don't say very much to you by design, but after the attacks they would break rank or break break character probably like once a day where they would give us newspapers and they're like, Hey, you guys are in a Babbel here. You gotta realize how the country's changing. And so they would bring in newspapers that we could read before we got heavy into stress phase so you could kind of understand what was going on. So this Is right at the very, this is like day two. Yeah, it was like September 12th, 13th. I mean, talk about even more motivation.


Yeah. If that's, I mean, you know, you're gonna do Yeah. What you signed up for. Did that, how did that hit, did that hit you at the time? I was afraid I was gonna miss it because like all the other conflicts leading up to September 11th, they had been like, you know, if you were in the right place at the right time, you got to go to war. But if you weren't in, you know, third Ranger battalion, you know, in the right company you missed out on Mogadishu. You know, like same thing with the Gulf War and all that. So I was like, crap man, am I, am I gonna be out here rucking around in the woods trying to get into SF while my ranger battalion's jumping into combat? Like, and So I. I was like, well I I, maybe that's the way it's gonna go. 'cause there was that, it, it's hard to remember now, but there was that pause right after September 11th.


There was initial push into Afghanistan, but it wasn't really until we kicked back up in Iraq again in oh three when we invaded Iraq that we were at war in two different countries. There was that pause there where it's like, okay, are we just gonna do a handful of strikes and then kind of go back to business as usual? 'cause that had, I mean, bin LA had already attacked the country twice. I mean we had, we had the embassies that got hit in Kenya and Tanzania and we had the coal and Aiden and so there was a lot of us that were like And I. I was kind of of this mindset, I was like, don, don't think we're gonna do anything. I I think maybe we're gonna like launch some cruise missiles, but are we really gonna do it this time? Yeah, yeah. Was there, I mean, was there any hesitation at all about going to war?


No. I was afraid I was gonna miss it. At that point I was like, man, I'm, I'm gonna be one of the, 'cause you know, you also, for all the combat vets you met in the late nineties, you also met a lot of other guys that had been in the Army for a really long time. And they had just, you know, dumb luck. They missed out on their shot to go to combat. So I was terrified of being, you know, not those guys' fault, but I was terrified of being one of those guys. Yeah. I was like, crap man, am I gonna be wrong place, wrong time for my entire damn career? You know? Yeah. Yeah. How So I mean. That's interesting. So day, day two, September 11th happens, you see it, you realize it's real. How, I mean, how did that affect the attrition rate of that particular class? That's an interesting question.


I don't, I don't know. I don't know if there was guys that that factored that in. I don't really know. I, I I think there were some guys who were hesitant who had the same fear that I did that they were gonna miss their, their chance to go to Combat I think then though it was still kind of, I I think the whole idea of like everyone's going to combat was kind of abstract. I I don don don't think the Army, at least where I was serving don don't think we really wrapped our heads around that until a couple years later when it was like, oh, okay, now we, now we're invading Iraq with like the entire military. This is, this is gonna be something that everybody is more than likely gonna experience. Yeah. Yeah. I mean So, I mean just in, and you know, you're not going right away.


I mean, you have to get through selection then I'm, I don't know how, I mean how long would it have been? Keep courses long? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So you're, you're talking years. Yeah. Before you get the opportunity Yep. To roll out. Yeah. So I get selections about a month. And I get back to, to Ranger Battalion in whatever it was October. And my, my squad leader had just gone to, to Delta selection. And so we're back there with like all the rear detachment guys and he's like, Hey, we're gonna go, we're gonna go load all the ammo pallets and we're gonna go meet the rest of the battalion in Europe. And we might, we might be the ones that jump into Afghanistan. And I was like, this is sweet, I just got selected for sf. We're gonna jump into combat.


But then like of course a day later, a day later, we see that third battalion jumps in. So I'm like, I guess that, you know, we were supposed to leave in like two days. And so, so that didn't happen. So I was like, well that's a sign. I should probably just go to the Q course and you know, hedge my bets with Special Forces and maybe I'll get to, 'cause at the time the, the men on horseback thing had just happened, And I was like, okay, well those guys were right there at the tip of the spear like right after this happened. So I'm on the right track. Nice, nice. So you went to selection. Yeah. What was the most challenging portion for you? Selection's interesting because it's probably the only place in the military where you're, you're alone for a lot of it. There's, there's a team portion, but the team portion to me coming out of battalion I was pretty familiar with.


If you're from a combat arms unit, I think the team phase they have there, it, it, it should be, if you're from a decent unit, it should be relatively familiar 'cause you're with a group of guys you're trying to solve a problem, you know, it's hard. You're sleep deprived, all, all, all that type of stuff. It's definitely hard. It's very physically hard. The the team events. But the, the isolation and not getting any feedback and ranger battalion get feedback all the time. It's usually negative feedback telling you how stupid you are. But at least that's some feedback and a Special Forces of selection. Like the instructors just say, Hey take all your commands off the whiteboard, you know, your ruck should weigh 50 pounds and we're gonna weigh it, we're gonna check it and you're gonna move that direction until we tell you to stop moving. And then the land navigation portion where you're actually having to move through some, some pretty hairy terrain and you're having to make independent decisions on your own.


I thought that was, that was pretty challenging coming out of a, a very team heavy environment. I ended up liking it once I got used to it, I was like, actually this is pretty cool. I'm just out here. It's kind of all on me whether I succeed or fail. But I think that gets a lot of guys I think a lot of the attrition in Special Forces selection is that isolation portion. Interesting. Where guys are like, don don't, I'm not getting any feedback, feedback. Am I doing this right? You know, can I, I can't ask anybody anything. There's no other teammate I can lean on. It's, it's completely all on you. This Is selection or the Q course? This is selection. Yeah. Okay. How does the Q course differ from selection? The Q course is more academic. They're still cutting guys there.


But you have your, your job phase. So I was a weapons guy 'cause it was the easiest thing that translated from, from infantry. And I was like, okay, that's weapons and demo or engineers. Those are the two shortest ways outta the Q course. Like if you're gonna be a medic and go to the 18 delta course and then go to language school, like it's basically a two year endeavor. And then comm is just a little bit shorter. You know, comm is like a year and a half. You can make the thing at probably about an even year if your weapons or demo So I chose weapons. So the weapons portion isn't, it's actually pretty fun. I mean you're getting to learn, you're getting to learn foreign weapon systems, American weapon systems, how to employ 'em, how to shoot 'em, lot a shooting. And then there's a small unit tactics phase, which there's some, some of that is, is, you know, they, they, they pour on the, the challenges for sure.


It's kinda like a little mini ranger school just to kinda get everybody on the same sheet of music with small unit tactics. And so there's some attrition there, but that's not bad. But the majority is your, your MOS phase and then the unconventional warfare block. It has some challenges, but it's probably the most fun I had had in the military. 'cause it's unconventional warfare. You're, you're playing it live. You're actually in a small community in North Carolina and half of them are the resistance that you're trying to recruit and mobilize and organize to conduct gorilla warfare against the other half of the town. That's the occupying force. And so they actually, the Special Forces school goes all out. Like they put a lot of resources into that make making that as realistic as possible. So the unconventional warfare portion's really, really fun.


But then you have your not so fun stuff like six months of language school. So What was your Language? My language Just posh you 'cause we had just invaded Afghanistan. Oh nice. Yeah. Did you, did you actually learn it and utilize it? I ah, Well utilize I, so of all my combat deployments, I never went to Afghanistan. So I never really utilized it. I actually ended up having to go and switch my language to Arabic. 'cause I was around Arabic so much that n SF guys have to have a language. But I actually ended up going back to language school for Arabic. Are there any similarities? The alphabet's the same. So, but the Arabic alphabet has a lot more special characters. But the Pune, because posh tune's mostly spoken, it's phonetically the same as the Arabic alphabet with a couple different characters here and there.


Did you utilize Arabic? So yeah, when I got to Iraq I did, I I I could sound out the words and So, I had like a little bit of a leg up. I could at least I at least knew how the words sounded. But language school sucks. So like it's, it's tough. Like the rest, like when the, when the military picks linguists, they pick people that actually have like a, a natural ability to speak and they have to pass that test the D lab to say what their ability is. SF is funny. don don't know if this has changed. don don't think it has. 'cause SF basically at the end of it, and you're at the tail end of the Q course, you've already been through a lot. They, they pull you into the language school and they're like, Hey, we don't care. Like if you can barely write your name in English, you're getting a language based on what group you go to. Not your ability to learn a language and you're either gonna learn it or you're gonna fail and you're not gonna go to group.


Damn. So it's like, yeah, So I was like, you better better figure it out. Yeah, Yeah. Damn. Sink or swim. Yeah. So you get through the Q course. What year are we when you get done with Q course? Oh Three. So while I was language school, we, we launched into Iraq. And I was then I was convinced. I was like, oh, I totally missed it. Like I, yeah, like it's all over. They're gonna get Saddam tomorrow, they're gonna pull out, they're gonna get Bin Laden in Afghanistan. Like it's all done, you know. But luckily when I got to group summer of oh three, I mean the guys from fifth group had just invaded Afghanistan. They had just invaded Iraq. Like my team sergeant was like, this is not going away anytime soon. As a matter of fact, we're going back in like two months. So Before we get there, let's talk about Q course graduation.


Do they have, do they have a big ceremony? They do. It's kind of weird. They, they, when you get out of Robin Sage unconventional warfare part, they give you your Green Beret and you're like a Green Beret, but you're still technically a, a student. You have to pass language school. So then the next day after you're riding high and you have your new new Cool Green Beret to wear, then they take you into the language school and they're like, yeah, and we're gonna take it away if you don't learn this language. So, so sort of welcome to the family, but not really. Then when you get done with language and, and at the time I think they go to seer at some other portion, but we all went from language to, to seer school. So basically we got like liberated outta the POW camp and Seer School and then I think a couple days later we had our, our full on graduation where you get your, your Special Forces tab and your orders to your group.


What did that sense of accomplishment feel like to you? I mean, dreaming about this? Yeah. From before you were 13 years old. Yeah, no, it was definitely surreal, man. It, it was surreal. It was like, wow, I can't believe this is, I can't believe I did this. I can't believe it's real waiting for them to come tell me it's not real. And they, they check the scores again, they're gonna take it all, they're gonna send me back, back to the Army. Like, but no, it was, you know, a huge sense of accomplishment and just 'cause the wars had just started, man, I was just really chomping at the bit. It was very much a like, okay, we accomplished something here. Let's, let's do a toast and celebrate it for a day. But then we, I I gotta get there before I miss it.


Like, I, I was literally like, how fast can I leave Fort Bragg to get to Fort Campbell? So I don't miss the next, the next thing smoking to combat. Damn. What about your parents I think at that point it was getting real for them, you know? 'cause they were like, okay, were they happy for you? Were happy. Well, they were happy, but they were like, so the, the Ballad of the Green Beret is the famous song by, by Barry Sadler. There's a line in there about like the back at home. The young wife waits, or Green has met his fate. There's a whole line in there about the, the Green Beret dying. And like, my parents came to graduation, And I. I had heard the song a million times, but my mom at the end of it's like crying and she's like, why would they play that song?


I'm like, the Ball Green Berets. She's like, it's absolutely horrible. I'm like, it's a badass song. She's like, the guy dies in the end. I'm like, oh, okay. I, now I see it. From your perspective, How do you know which group you're going to? They, you can request, you can, you can make a wishlist and then it's based on numbers, which group needs, which number of which moss. But luckily, pretty much most guys in my Q course class wanted to go to like Fort Carson out to Colorado or back Fort Lewis first group, just based on the way the war was heading. And fifth group was like the men on horseback. I was like, man, I just wanna go to fifth group, you know, and fifth group also, since their, their area is the middle of the Middle East, they have the worst languages.


So because I put fifth, that's why I got posture. So basically when you're doing your, your wishlist of which group you want to go to, everybody knows which languages will put you at which group. So seventh Group, south America, you have to learn Spanish and then you get to go to Columbia, you know, so like a lot of guys want to go down there, you see fifth group and it's like, not many guys wanna go to Fort Campbell. And even less guys wanna learn Arabic posture or Farsi, you know, So I didn't really have to fight guys to, to get fifth group. Wow. So you get to fifth group, how are you received? Completely different than our battalion. I mean, SF very much, especially at the time, everybody was a seasoned. I mean, I was 23, had been in the Army for like five years.


And, I was like the juniors of the juniors guys. You know, like there was a lot of experienced NCOs and officers that were there because SF didn't start taking guys off the street until the wars kind of picked up. So. I was like the brand new, totally young guy, but it was a very mature, laid back environment. I mean, they had just invaded two countries. So there was a lot of that, I'd say more calmer professionalism that you see at the, the upper rungs of special operations that you don't see in a more like Spartan environment, like Ranger Battalion where there's a lot of chest puffing and you know, guys that are kind of wearing it on their sleeves, how badass they are. I get to SF and like nobody's in uniform, like everybody's just kind of in civilian clothes, like Sergeant major's out, like on the ride along lawnmower like cutting the grass and they're like, oh yeah, your team's like kind of down there.


And I'm like, man, this is kind of surreal. Like, okay. And then, you know, my team sergeant's like, yeah, welcome to the team. And he basically, my initial counseling was like, Hey, this isn't Ranger Battalion, this is big boy rules. Like, you're gonna be on your own a lot. If you have a question ask and we'll tell you what you need to know, but we're not gonna be here to hold your hand and your stuff can be put in the hallway at any minute because nobody really cares that you finished the Q course. 'cause we all did. So it's not a big deal. And by the way, we're going back to combat here in, you know, two months. So you report in to fifth group and you're leaving in, did you just two months? Yeah, it's Combat it two months. Got there in June and we were leaving like at the end of August.


For For Iraq? For Iraq, yeah. How did that make you feel? Now you're getting what you asked. I was, I was really excited. Yeah, I was pretty stoked. Not nervous at all. No, Not really. Not like, I mean nervous of like, Hey, if I get there, what if I screw something up? You know, that was probably the biggest anxiety that I had going into combat was like, will I not live up to the expectations? But again, it was still like, man, I hope that they, it sounds stupid to say now, but I'm like, man, I hope in this these couple months they don't solve all the problems in Iraq. And, I get there and there's nothing to do, you know? But luckily we had pretty experienced guys on my first team and they were like, oh yeah, it's an absolute disaster there. Like, we're gonna be, I don't, I don't know how they had that insight in those early years, in those early months of oh three, but they were like, yeah, this is, this is not gonna go the way we think it's gonna go.


We're we're gonna be there for a minute. I mean, two months. I mean, when I showed up to the SEAL team, it was, it was, it was a year and a half before I got the opportunity to deploy. How did they, I mean, how did these guys, it gets you up to speed to their standard in two months. What did you guys focus on? So it, What were those conversations like? Yeah, it was, it was pretty interesting. So fifth group really had been focused, they had the unconventional warfare fight in, in Afghanistan. But prior to that fifth group, since the end of the Gulf War had been focused on special reconnaissance against the scud missiles.


So mounted desert mobility, special reconnaissance. And that's what they did during the ground war. My battalion did the ground war, but while I was in language school and then they came back refit and basically got a frago to a completely different mission. They're like, Hey, you guys are gonna go in the center of Baghdad and you're either gonna be at a team house collecting intel and actioning it, or you're gonna be unilateral direct action, just waiting for targets and then going after the deck of cards and the Al-Qaeda guys, 'cause our cowie had just kind of popped up on the radar. So my team basically in that short period of time, had to transition from being focused on desert mobility, special reconnaissance to direct action.


So my team sergeant had just gotten to the team as well, but he came from our direct action company that the, an extremist force. And then we found out I, think about halfway through our workup that the, the fifth group s I f the fifth group in extremist force, the, at the time, the, the theater commanders controlled those. The group didn't. And so the sitcom commander pulled our s I F to D booty to be on alert because there was, I, I can't, I don't remember exactly what was happening. There was someone happening in Africa. So either way our team got pegged to be unilateral direct action. so we were gonna go to Baghdad to the airport. We had air assets and we were gonna get fed targets and go after 'em. So pretty awesome mission. And So I, I was lucky because I was familiar with direct action coming outta Ranger Battalion.


So it gave me a little bit more I think credibility as a new guy there was actually something I could contribute. Whereas most of these other guys had been focused on a completely different mission set. So for me it was overall I'd, I'd say a positive thing that we kind of got a, a brand new mission. Were you The only new guy there? There was me and one other guy, one of the two weapons guys. so we both got there at the same time. So yeah, we were, we were the brand new guys on the team. But everybody else, man, like, just these guys were incredibly impressive. Like they had just invaded, invaded Afghanistan. Like they had just done the ground war. Most of 'em didn't say much. Most of 'em were pretty laid back, but like they had that confidence of we've just invaded and toppled two different countries.


you And most of 'em had been in the army for a while too. Like my team sergeant had been a private in the first Gulf War, you know. Wow. You know, like, so, so big shoes to fill, big shoes to fill. Some of 'em had done the, the, the Piic mission in, in Bosnia where they were going out and, and snatching up guys. Kinda so like, just a lot of, a lot of experience, you know, a high standard to meet, but not a lot of like, bravado about it. Just sort of like, Hey, show up and do your job. Wow. Well, Joe, let's take a quick break. When we come back, we'll get into your first deployment. Okay.


Fabric by Gerber. Life is term life insurance that you could have done right here, right now. You could be covered from your couch in less than 10 minutes with no health exam required. Just go to meet fabric.com/ Sean. Once again, that's meet fabric.com/ Sean as we approach the new school season with memories of Summer family fun behind us. It's time for you to finally get the life insurance you need to protect your family. You've heard me talk about Fabric by Gerber Life for a few years now because Fabric by Gerber Life is great term life insurance designed by parents for parents and trusted by millions of families like yours For over 50 years, fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit my family and budget like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. It's all online. So apply when it's convenient for you. There's absolutely no risk. They have a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. Join me in the thousands of parents who trust Fabric to protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@meetfabric.com slash Sean. That's meat fabric.com/ Sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices, subject to underwriting and health questions,


History, economics, the great works of literature, the meaning of the US Constitution. Did you study these things in school? Probably not. Or even if you did, maybe it's time for refresher. Time and technology have changed a lot and that's why it's important to learn the fundamentals. That's why I'm excited that Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses and the most important and enduring subjects you can learn about the works of CS Lewis. The stories of the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College's online courses all available for free. That's right free. I personally recommend you sign up for ancient Christianity and this 11 lecture course you'll study the inspiring stories of Christ in the first four centuries of Christianity. The course is self-paced, so you can start whenever and wherever. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/srs to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale edu slash ss to register.


Look around war inflation recession. Did you know that many experts call gold? The everything hedge gold often goes far beyond hedging against inflation or the stock market. It can potentially guard against today's wars in Ukraine and the Middle East. Not to mention the great economic danger of a recession lurking. That's why gold just hit another record. High. And Central Banks keep buying gold at a record pace. Join the thousands of people who have called Goldco their number one rated gold company. Diversify your money with time-tested assets, physical, gold and silver. Today Goldco is offering up to 10% instant match in free bonus silver with a qualified account. Go to Sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 Gold and see if you qualify to get your bonus silver today. Once again, that's 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. Or visit Sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making any investment decisions.


Alright Joe, we're back from the break. We're getting ready to dive in to your first deployment. Let's start right there. Yeah, so we got orders to go and be the unilateral direct action team. So me and two of the other guys on my team actually volunteered to go over early the the pre-deployment team to start handover with the guys that were already there. So as we're flying, we get delayed or we do our, our stop in in Spain, we end up having an extra day and that ends up actually being kind of, kind of critical 'cause the, as we are delayed in Spain, our team, the two teams that we're replacing, they go out and they're prosecuting a zali target.


'cause this is two days after Zali bombed the UN headquarters in Baghdad. They go after the guys who actually bombed the, the compound. They get into a huge gunfight. We lose two Green Berets, bill Bennett and Kevin Morehead. Many casualties on that mission had the plane not been delayed, we'd have been on that hit with them. So we get there, we get to the team house where we're, we're supposed to start, you know, the replacement procedures and doing left seat, right seat ride. But most of the team's been medevaced out. There's still blood in the Tacomas that were taking over from the team. Their team leader stays. He's been shot. He got shot in the, in the calf, kinda like a through and through. So he's like limping around with a bandage that's still got blood from the night, you know, night or two before on him.


And so it's, it's, it's very much real. It's surreal and it's real. 'cause we're there, we're living at the, the Baghdad International airport, the palace complex. So we're like living in an old opulent Saddam palace that we've taken over, but there's literally still blood in the trucks. And we've got targets to get after, like right away. What year is this? This is oh three. Oh Three. Wow. Yeah, so very much real, very much up in our, up in our face. The guys that were on security, 10th Mountain guys had been sliced over to, to fifth group. So those guys actually ended up kind of being our continuity. 'cause most of the team ends up leaving. So those guys kind of help us get settled in and we immediately start just doing rehearsals for missions that are, that are coming up.


The rest of our team gets there, we integrate 'em and we're, we're right in the mix going after the deck of cards and going after our cows guys. Very interesting. Yeah. I mean, how does, I mean, talk about getting thrown into the mix right into the, yeah. Into the middle of it. I mean, how do you feel now that you're there? I feel great. I mean, I, it, there was like nowhere else I wanted to be. And ag again man, it's just surreal 'cause we're living at this palace that has like a pool and then you step one room over and you got your ready room full. All your kit, your trucks out front just waiting to, to get a mission for, you know, the next night or the, or or even some daytime hits we were doing. Well Let's talk about the very first op you did. Yeah.


Yeah. So very first op was probably a couple days after we, we initially got there. We go into just the outskirts of Solder city and this is summer of oh three. So the IED threat is sort of there, but it's not sophisticated. And most of the military still didn't have up armored vehicles. So we're rolling around in no armored Tacomas. That's what, you know, some of the guys invaded the country in. They just stayed there. We kind of modified 'em. Could put a two 40 on 'em or you could take the two 40 off and you can make it more low profile. But we get a, a mission to go hit some, hit a house on the outskirts of Solder City I. think he was a deck of cards guy. I don't remember if he was an Alqaeda guy or a deck of cards guy.


But pretty nice house, pretty big, you know, gated compound and all that. Excuse me. And literally our plan is like, we're loading up on the trucks, like, and we're just hauling ass to this target like SWAT team style. So there I am on the back of a, a Tacoma with the, the, the beds down and we're just sitting there on the bed, like haul ass down by down the, the, the Baghdad International Airport road down route. Irish, you know, going 70 miles per hour. And I'm like, this is pretty cool, but it's really gonna suck if I fall out of the truck on the way to Target. So I'm like death grip on the thing. Like it matters, you know. But man, we, we get there and we, we do a, we have one of our guys get up on a ladder to kind of clear the courtyard and then we end up ramming the gate and then the front door is pretty beefy.


So we, we, we'd already made the decision ahead of time. We were just gonna explosively breach it. So slap a half block of C four on it and blow it in. And, I was the first guy in the, in the house as the, that was my job. So ran in And I from that target man. I was so focused. Like, I literally still, when I think of that, I remember seeing like the, the red dot on my EOTech. 'cause I'm like, you know, scanning my sector and like, it's just super intense, like trying to clear everything. I, I remember pretty much everything from clearing that house still to this day because it was just so ingrained in my head, you know. So it was, we, we didn't get into like a big gunfight or anything. We got the guy we were after, you know, did the whole sense of sight exploitation and tactical questioning and all that.


But doing like a real, actually putting an explosive block on, on someone's front door and blowing it in, you know. And then running through the house and, and like doing my job. I was like, well this is, this is pretty big. This is like a bigger accomplishment than anything I've done up to this point in the military. Yeah. 'cause this is the first real thing I did. How Do you feel that you performed on your first operation? Good. I mean, I felt good because I, you know, ran towards the sound of, of the guns essentially like, you know, you blow in that breach and it's, it's confusing, right? You know, you don't know what's on the other side of the door. There's all that smoke and, and confusion. And I wanted to be in that room, getting into a fight if there was one to have So I felt good about that. But then, then I look, and this is on subsequent targets, this happened too.


I look at like how amped up I am compared to like my team sergeant, you know, who might not even have, he probably didn't have like an elevated pulse at the time. And I'm like, all right, I need to kind of be more on his level. 'cause he's, he's noticing way more things than I'm noticing much later on. We end up going on a hit and a guy not in my sector, but I see this kind of out my periphery. A guy comes up out of the room that we're in and he's got an AK like this. And my team sergeant just like casually reaches over like, like it's a child and grabs the AK and just like punches the dude. And like later on, once we get everything under control, I'm like, like, why didn't you shoot that guy?


And he's like, oh, because I looked, you know, ak the selector lever was up and his, his hand was on the butt stock. It wasn't anywhere near the trigger. And I was like, I didn't even think about that. I saw the shape of the gun. And had I been close enough, I probably would've put half a magazine in that dude. Wow. You know, And I was just like, that's actually pretty cool. That's Pretty switched on, right? I Was, that's, that's, that's what you want to be at. You know, you want to be the guy that's like assessing everything. Wow. So that was definitely my first takeaway from my first don don't know 10 targets, then that Is some serious target id. Yeah. And so that, that was my team surgeon. He was really big on that stuff. He was like, Hey, anybody can go into these places and just shoot the crap out of it. He's like, if, if that was, if that's what was needed, we could call the regular army and they could just shoot tank rounds at the place.


You know, who cares? Whatever. He's like, but they're sending us in here for a reason. We want to get these guys alive. We want to get Intel. This is all gonna tie into a much bigger piece. It's gonna help us take down the remnants of Saddam's, you know, cronies. And then it's also gonna help us run down the Al-Qaeda guys. So we're, we're here for a very specific mission and we gotta do our job as like professionals. Let's rewind back to your first up. How did the team, was there a, were they critiquing you after your first operation? Oh, definitely. How was it For sure? What was their impression of you? You know, I, I, I ran aggressively into there. So they, they were like, Hey, his heart's in the right spot.


You know, like you might want to amp it down a little bit, like be, be a little bit calmer, assess the situation a little more. We definitely did like a full a r did rehearsals again the next day, you know, tried to implement what we had learned. Definitely developed some pretty good TTPs about, especially 'cause all those compounds in Baghdad, all those houses, almost all of 'em had like the gate up front. And so, you know, we initially assessed, you know, put a guy up over just to kind of cover the courtyard. But we had some fumbling around with the gate. And so then we started talking about, hey, did we just run up hard and ram the gate to get guys to get a foothold in? Or do we wanna start looking at going over the wall? And that's something we were debating heavily. But you know, the, the critiques for me were like, Hey, you're, you're at 11 or a 12 and like, maybe dial it down to like a five or just like a five or a six.


And it I think it took me quite a while to get there. 'cause it was just like, I mean the mentality then, especially with, with CQB was like, be as aggressive as possible was like get into every room and dominate and control it. It's kind of funny saying that now what we learned subsequently in the wars is like that's exactly what the enemy was anticipating that we would do. And so yeah, having, having a more calm approach and a more methodic approach definitely is, is much more beneficial. It's definitely interesting how to see how much the tactics have changed, you know, since the beginning up until all the way up until the end. Yeah. But let's talk about your first, your first op where you guys went kinetic. Yeah. Do you remember that?


Oh Yeah, yeah, for sure. so we were really lucky. I I think because we were operating in a very bottom up environment, we were able to get a drop on a lot of the bad guys. And also it was early on in the war, So I, don't think the bad guys knew our tactics as well as they would in subsequent wars or in subsequent years of the war. We took some fire here and there, you know, little bit of returning fires. There was gun play kind of on the streets every now and again. But again, it's that sweet spot too. The IED threat wasn't that, wasn't that really that big I think the first time we really got into a scrape, a proper scrape was in Fallujah. So the next year, the next deployment went back and essentially did the same mission.


We can kind of go back, but we, we took the Iraqi commandos, we had trained them up later on in that, that first deployment that I was on. But we took them into, into Fallujah and we took the hospital that's on the, the western side of the Euphrates right there. So it was actually the first target we took down in fan fury in the hospital itself. I don't know why we, we should have gotten stitched up, but we didn't. And there was foreign fighters in there. They had machine guns, they had explosives, but for whatever reason we got the drop on 'em. But then when the sun came up, we took a ton of accurate fire, probably the most accurate mortar sniper and RPG fire that I had been under was there.


'cause before in Bagdad I think we were kind of fighting a lot of financiers, a lot of guys who weren't like pros, like the dudes that that hung out in Fallujah that knew we were coming in. Like those guys were, were ready to fight and they were ready to lay down some So you were at, you were in the invasion? I was in the, the second Fallujah November shit. so we had just rotated home when the first Fallujah happened, but then we came back that summer of oh four and we had, so after we got done doing direct action for a couple months, my team got a more traditional SF mission. They said, Hey, we're gonna make a new Iraqi military and we want them to have a commando element, a special operations element first. So they gave us a bunch of anti Saddam militias that we demobilized and then created the Iraqi commandos out of.


And with that we started getting a lot of the politically sensitive targets. So you Were on the forefront of that? I Was, yeah. My team was. so we actually trained up the initial crop of commandos with heavy cur Kurdish leadership. So yeah, and then we really, that, that really opened up our aperture being because we were living in the middle of Baghdad, basically went from living kind of on the airfield, doing a traditional soft mission of you get fed the targets, then you go kick in the doors to hey, now you're living in the middle of the city, basically amongst the people with a bunch of indigenous forces that we just gave guns to. And we just sort of need to train them up and hope that they're not gonna turn their guns on us. And then once we got some reps outta those guys, we, we realized number one, that we had access to the population now.


So our intel just absolutely was, was on fire. 'cause we had guys that were part of our, our commandos that were from all these different neighborhoods. And so we, we dove immediately into running sources, developing our own targets, but then also having the Iraqis, we were able to do a lot of the politically sensitive targets. so we ended up hitting a, a ton of mosques. We kind of became the go-to, for mosques. The first Fallujah, the hospital was used by z and Al Jazeera basically as a propaganda center. So they would broadcast outta the hospital and they'd bring in just mangled people that they were probably, you know, harming. And they were like, look what the Americans are doing in Fallujah. And they just broadcasted nonstop. So going into Fallujah the second time, the, the order was for us to get in there with the Iraqis and have the Iraqis seize the hospital initially.


So they couldn't use it as a media hub, but also so we could immediately put an Iraqi face on the operation. Let's, let's go back to standing up this, this the commandos. Yeah. I mean what was, had those guys had any experience? Well some of them had, some of the Kurdish ones had, and we, we were, I'm probably alive today because of those guys because basically this, this wasn't the greatest plan ever. But this is at the same time when Paul Bremmer is saying that we're gonna fire everybody who's part of the bath party and basically fired the entire Iraqi government, but especially the Iraqi military. And so we got a bunch of the anti Saddam militias, which was mostly the Kurds, but there was a couple Shia anti militias, anti Saddam militias as well.


Unfortunately those ones were heavily infiltrated by Iran, which we picked up on pretty early. But we had to, to bring these guys together and make 'em a cohesive fighting force. And we had all kinds of issues because we had interpreters that spoke Arabic, but a lot of our Kurds didn't speak Arabic. And then we had Kurds from the PUK and the KDP. And so there was actually like a dialect difference in Kurdish. so we had like these three-way translation issues. And this is actually where like I had to really step up my language game because it, we really didn't have interpreters initially. We had like one or two and So, I was, I was literally doing pointy talkie. I could read a little bit of the Arabic from, from having posh tune, but I was just phonetically writing down basic stuff like left, right stop, go shoot, weapon unsafe, that type of stuff.


So they didn't have really as, as a cohesive fighting unit, they didn't have any combat experience. Some of the Kurds did. We ended up losing the PUK guys 'cause they all got recalled to go back home and defend Sonia and defend their home. But we kept the KDP guys luckily. But we basically took those guys in two weeks. We put 'em through like a basic training, taught 'em how to shoot. And then right after that it was go time we were at, we were living in the, the middle of Baghdad, trying to build up our own little fob slash safe house. Trying to house the Iraqis. But then also going after targets, going after bad guys and running a lot of those guys as our, our human eyes and ears. How Did you find out that there was Iranian influence within, Because a lot of the, the Shia anti Saddam militias, they were from Ski Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq.


And I had a couple, we had a couple like area study books. 'cause this is, you know, the internet's still pretty primitive at that time. And you could just read the history of these groups. And their armed wing was the badder corps. And these are the guys that fought against Saddam. They fought against Iraq during the Iraq Iran war. That's why they were technically anti Saddam. And so, you know, me being a 23-year-old E five, I'm like, you know, surely somebody knows that these guys are like pro Iran, which also hates us. There's gotta be a reason why they're here. You know, somebody above me must have a, a master plan and I'm just gonna do my deal, you know. But it wasn't until, 'cause before we went, we did Fallujah in November, we went to Naja in oh four and we damn near had a mutiny.


Then we had all of our, our Shia guys realized we were down in NJ and these guys were completely okay when we were hitting Sunni mosques and Baghdad or hitting the Sunni mosques and Anbar. But they realized pretty quick that we were actually in NJ to go after the Imam Ali shrine because Solder had held up in there. Al solder and his militia had basically strong pointed the most sacred mosque in all Shia Islam. And we're, we're on the outskirts. And basically our, our Shia guys figured that out. And they were, they were on the verge of running a, a coup against us. Probably would've been a, a fairly significant, you know, green on blue type of incident. Luckily our Kurds that were there, because they spoke the language, they were like, this is about ready to go down.


And so we actually had to subtract a lot from our fighting force. 'cause we put a lot of those guys. Hold on, hold on. What? I mean, how many of these guys are there? This was probably like 25% of our, our fighting force. So per company we probably had about, you know, 25, 30 of them or that had some degree of ties. You know, some of them were full on card carrying members of, of Boco, of Skii. Other ones were a little bit more subtle about it, but their loyalty was definitely to Shia Iraqis and not anybody else. How did you, I mean, how do you handle that? Well, at the time we just had to get weapons away from those guys. And then once we got back to Baghdad, we, we fired quite a bit of 'em.


There was a few of them that said, Hey, like I wanna stay working with you guys. That hadn't violated that trust that we kept. But that was basically, I mean, honestly it was a test when we would go after, and this is why the Kurds were the guys we could trust the most. 'cause obviously we weren't going after any Kurdish targets, but it was always a roll the dice. Like if we were going after an Al-Qaeda in Iraq target, like we had to take a look at, you know, who, who are our Sunni guys? We had to know our guys. We had to say, okay, who, who are the SUNY dudes here? And how do they feel about Al-Qaeda? Or even moreover more politically sensitive, like how do these guys feel about the bath party? 'cause we were still at the time going after some bath party members. And that's where really the, the geopolitics kind of hit us in the face, you know, 'cause I'd gone from just being focused on literally my sector of fire, you know, when we're doing direct action to having to know Iraqi politics down to this level.


And especially when we started talking to a lot of the, the, the SUNY guy, the SUNY Iraqis, they were just like, Hey, you guys Fire Bremmer firing the entire bath party. Like that's creating an insurgency right now. That's happening. And I know my, my team leader and our US guys at the lower level, we are sending that, you know, back up and saying, Hey, this is, this is probably a bad idea. But obviously fell on deaf ears and you know, the rest is kind of history, unfortunately. Wow. Wow. I mean, how would those guys take it when you would secure their weapons? We did it, we did it hard and fast. We did it really fast. And I think a lot of them were eager to, to not be associated with us, with us anymore because that was that summer there of oh four.


That's when everything against solder really kicked up. So whether we were down in J or whether we were out in Solder city, we were going after some pretty senior ranking members of the solders clergy, but then also just members of the Shia community. And so that, that switched pretty quickly, like almost overnight that we, we really couldn't trust a lot of those guys. Man, And, I don't even, And we were living in the Shia neighborhood. We were living in Kamia, which has the, the Kamia shrine, which is a massive SUNY shrine. so we were our little team house, our safe house was in that area. so we were definitely in hostile country. The other side of the river wasn't much better. It was Onamia, which was one of Saddam's big SUNY strongholds.


so we were kind of surrounded in every direction, but we were definitely having to navigate that, that really opened up my aperture to like the, the human intelligence side of, of the war. Like the, the more that you can understand who these people are and the different groups, the different friction points, like the better, often the more productive you'll be. But you'll also be able to, to stay safe. Wow. That's a lot of moving parts. There's a lot. Yeah. Holy. And that's your second deployment? Yeah, My first morphed into my, my second. so we, we left in like spring of oh four, but we were right back in summer of oh four doing the same, the same mission. Damn. Yeah. So just a couple months off.


Yeah. Yeah. So no, it was definitely, I went from thinking I was gonna miss the war to like, we're doing direct action. We're kicking in doors, we're getting into fast rope, we're getting into little scrapes here and there to, and you know, when I was in the unconventional warfare portion of the Special Forces course, 'cause that's so different than anything I'd done in the military. I was like, this is pretty cool, but where am I gonna be like wearing civilian clothes and like leading raids with like indigenous, is that, does that really happen? And then like, I fast forward just a couple months And, I'm like at a little safe house that's not much bigger than this studio. And we had to do split team too. So my team got cut in half. We didn't have 12 full guys, we had about eight or nine. So there's four of us living in this location with a company of indigenous forces of different sectarian background that we had just given guns to essentially and trained.


And they were now our force and we're living in downtown Baghdad collecting our own intel. And I was like, this is pretty sweet man. Like this. If, if, if it ends here and this is the only combat I ever get to do this is like don don't know a hundred percent more than I ever thought I'd even get a shot at So. I was like a kid in a candy shop, man. Right on. Let's move into, let's not, let's not go there yet. So this is the oh 4 0 5 timeframe. Yeah. Yeah. What happens when you go home from, from this one? You've, you, it sounds like this deployment was a lot more kinetic than the, than the previous. Yeah, man, I like, I s I was just really happy to be there.


Like, I love SF and like basically our, our schedule was, we'd go over, we'd go to war and then I wasn't, I wasn't married at the time. I didn't have a family. Most of the guys on the team did. And so basically I could go to whatever school I wanted to go to, like when we'd get back from deployments because there wasn't a lot of competition for it. 'cause guys were smoke. They were, they were kind of getting burned out. And so there's only a handful of us that were like, Hey, we wanna go train, we wanna go to this school, that school. And so it was like, then you could come home, go party, and then you could go to some schools and then you'd go to combat again. And I was like, man, fifth group's like the greatest place in the world. Like this is, this is awesome. I want more, you know?


What Schools did you pick? So I picked right after my first deployment. I went to dive school 'cause it was a dive team I'd already been to, to pre scuba when I was in, in ranger battalion, wanted to go there. So I could solidify my place on the team. 'cause that's like the, the second check, like you get your, your Green Bray, you get assigned to a team and if you're on a dive team, you gotta pass dive school. Otherwise they'll send you to a regular, regular team. And So I was really wanting to get dive school done. So I could solidify my position on my ODA So I went to dive school between my first and second deployment, and then between my second and my third because I had been exposed so much to the human intelligence side of things. And like that was really kinda where my head was going. I kinda had an epiphany on my I think second trip. I was like, man, the, the issue with this war isn't, can we kill the bad guys?


Like whenever we put the bad guys in time and space, like we win, you know, whether it's us with our Iraqi commandos, whether it's, you know, whatever the rangers, the seals, whoever the Marines, the Kentucky National Guard, like America wins. The problem is finding these guys. And also there was a massive amount of confusion too, because I just felt like we did not understand Iraq at all. Like all this nonsense. We got told about number one weapons mass destruction. But then all the crap we got told about like, oh, be greeted as liberators and you know, we're gonna install this new puppet government. Like all that just kept exploding in our faces. And So I was like, man, the, the challenge in this war is number one, locating the enemy, like doing the intel work, running sources, doing surveillance like that, that type of stuff right there is, you know, premium skillset type of, type of, type of skills that you needed to be successful in that.


And my second trip we had a warn, a Special Forces warn officer on my team who really made it his, you know, his, his role on that deployment was to map out Jay Almadi and to figure out where they were. And he was running a handful of sources and he'd bring me along every now and again on source meetings. And I was just really impressed at like, you know, here, here we were just a couple guys, you know, with initiative, a little bit of money and we were able to map out like where the vast majority of these bad guys were. Whether it was Solders guys or a lot of the, the folks at Al-Qaeda was, was kidnapping at the time. We were able to start running down a lot of this kidnapping cells. And that's 'cause we were juiced into the population. So after my second trip, I wanted to go to one of our, our human intelligence courses.


So I could be qualified to do that. And that, that kind of set the trajectory really for the rest of my, my career in the military. Interesting. Yeah. Did you ever get into the as o stuff? Yeah, exactly. That's what I went, that's what I went to. That's what that is. Yeah, That's what I went to. And then much, much later on went to the farm. So. I mean that's a pretty, that's a long pipeline. Did you? It's a long, it's a long course. Yeah. Can you go through, can you talk about that? I can try. Yeah. I mean it's a, it's a school that teaches, you know, you how to basically run human sources. There's a, there's a lot of like lines there, what the CIA is authorized to do versus what, you know, soldiers are allowed to do. But yeah, without getting into too many details, I mean, you have to learn basic, you know, agent handling skills.


You have to learn how to debrief people, how to, you know, spot whether or not they're lying to you. That to the best of your ability. But then also how Would you do that? What are some of those tactics? What's that? What are some of those things you learned about? Yeah, I mean people get, some people get really into the, the neurolinguistic programming. Like how people sit and like, do they look up and left, right and left? Do they rub the, like I with a whole different culture I think that probably applies a lot to police officers in America where you're dealing with your own culture. A lot of trying to apply a lot of that to a foreign culture I think is very challenging unless you're deeply steeped in that culture. So for me it was always like, check the checkable. If somebody's coming to you And, they're like saying, Hey, I am part of J Almadi, I'm part of Al-Qaeda.


I'm like, okay, can you, can you prove to me like how are you a member of that organization? Just very basic. Like, is is this person who they say they are? Because if they can't positively identify themselves to you or they can't really prove what they have access to, whatever information they're gonna tell you, it's either completely made up or it has an agenda of its own. So I think that's one of the, the I think journalists have to do this as well. It's like, you know, what are your actual, you have all these things you want to tell me, but you need to explain to me how you actually have access to it. So I think that's probably the most fundamental. There's a bunch of other stuff that we can do to check in on people. But I think that's probably at the, at the very basic level, what we, what we look for when we're, you know, meeting a new potential asset.


I mean that's a, that's a, I find that to be an interesting route for you because you're so into Yeah, it sounds like you're so into the kinetic Yeah. In your face action of being a, a SF guy and then you take this is, which is almost, yeah, it's, I mean it's under the radar kind of behind the scenes. Yeah. And you're dealing with people. Yeah, a hundred percent. Oh, I was surprised too, but when I was over there and number one just being impatient, I was like, especially when we were doing unilateral direct action, we'd get intelligence from like our intelligence cell And I was always like, where does this mysterious intelligence come from? You know, like we get it in the form of like, we think this bad guy's in this house and this bad guy's important because of x, Y, and z.


And, I always had it in my head. I'm like, how do we know that? You know, like, is this something that's really, really interesting and like sophisticated, you know, but then you know, you hit enough dry holes, you're like, I don't think this is something that's very sophisticated. I think sometimes they're, they're doing the best they can. But then it was really, once we started working with the Iraqis, I was like, okay, the actual cheat code is understanding the culture and understanding the people. And the closer that you are to the people, the more that you're gonna be able to understand and the faster you're gonna be able to get to target, the faster you're gonna be able to produce your own targets. That's one of the unique things about Special Forces about a Special Forces ODA is that organically we can do our own human intelligence and then we can analyze our own intelligence and then we can train up a force or we can prosecute the target ourselves.


so we can basically do cradle the grave targeting. And that was what I noticed was different from us. Once we branched out and we started doing, especially the command omission, I was like, okay, I can see our unique role here. Because you had everybody else, you had the Rangers, the seals, you had the Marine Corps debt. One guys, the, the MARSOC guy, the, the initial MARSOC guys. Everybody was kind of competing for the same da kinetic mission. They were competing for assets they were competing for, for the targets, you know. And so it was like, now I see what our niche is here, we can get, we can do that. Sure. But our niche is, is being down here with the local population, mapping out the human terrain. But then also at the same time, being able to take our, our indigenous forces out there and prosecute the target at the same time.


So I. I really liked that autonomy. And it put us much, it put me much more in the driver's seat being a part of the, the intel side. 'cause it was like, now I'm, now I'm driving operations because I'm the guy collecting the intelligence. Totally. I mean it's, you're self-sufficient. Yeah. At that point. Yeah. Did so did you, was there any regret in to kind of taking that route versus staying in a more Not really, man, I, I really liked it. 'cause as the, especially as the wars went on, it just seemed like we were screwing up the end. Like we, the US government, like we were screwing up the intel piece. Like we were, again, we were pretty good at hunting. Like once we got the bad guys in our, in our cross hairs, like they were gonna get dead or they were gonna get a set of flex cuffs.


Like that was just it. But could we find them? That was a big thing. Also on my 2004 trip, that's when Zali was doing a lot of the kidnapping and putting the beheading videos up. We had really good intel from one of our, our sources who basically was like, I know who the guy standing by Zali is and we know where he is, but he's in this area where like, you guys really can't get into, because we had the, the, we had been training up a low visibility like snatch team with our Iraqis. We were able to go get in garb and blend in and snatch this guy. He was part of this kidnapping cell out of his apartment. Probably the coolest mission I've ever been on in my life. But basically the big army wouldn't go into the area 'cause it was in Abu Grab just on the other side of where the prison is.


They wouldn't go in there 'cause they were just like, every time we go in there, we get stitched up by IEDs, like we're not gonna do it. We had moved so fast that basically we were just to the outskirts of the city by the time we even like called it back in, because this is before people had constant conductivity in the team houses. So by the time we called in that we were going out there back to our headquarters, they were like, well this is, this pertains to hostage rescue. So we think that like one of the JSO units should do it. And basically like my team leadership was like, yeah, we're less than a mile away. We're just gonna go ahead and do this. Like, we'll let you know when it's done. And I was like, wow, we're, because we're juiced into the, the human terrain because we're running our own intel. We're actually beating the guys who in theory are supposed to be handling this.


The guys who were supposed to be one rung up from us we're actually beating them to Target, you know, and that didn't happen every time. Obviously they were doing great things, but that was a big eyeopener for me, especially coming outta Ranger battalion. I was like, because we're down here because we're dealing with the populace. We're running our own intel. We're beating people to target, you know, and we're, and we're coming up with unconventional solutions. We're not getting on a helicopter every time and waiting for us to have a court on force. You know, we're, we're sneaking into these places in whatever vehicles we can acquire off target. You know, we were doing a lot of stuff. We were jumping outta bread trucks as well. Broad daylight, you know, just places where the big army wouldn't go and even a lot of the other units couldn't get into. But that's because we were living downtown amongst the populace.


Let's talk about that operation. Yeah. From start to finish. Yeah. Yeah. so we were at our, at our team house and one of our sister teams calls us up and says, Hey thi this, this team, our sister dive team was living in a different part of Baghdad. They didn't have an assault force, they didn't have Iraqis. They were training up, they were doing, doing basically unilateral intelligence operations. And they said, Hey, we, we've got a guy that knows where these American contractors and British contractors are being held. 'cause he was in the video and he's, or he, he's, he's identified one of the guys that was in the video. He knows where he is. And so basically he knew, the source knew where one of the members of the beheading cell was and he was in Abu grab.


So they, they briefed up the source and they said, well we need for you guys, we just need a handful of people that can blend. They knew that we had been out doing a lot of reconnaissance in the area. 'cause we'd recon all of our targets before we hit them in indigenous clothing. We had grabbed a couple guys here and there off the street. Like, if you were doing a recon and you could make positive id, you know, why wait for that night? Why don't you grab 'em now? so we had done a little bit of that, but so our sister team knew that we had that capability. so we loaded up a handful of, of our Iraqis and then four of us Americans that had been out and about in the city a lot. We went out there, we got the brief from them, from that team. And then we went to the local American fob where the, the big army, the closest big army unit was just to tell them, Hey, we're gonna go into this area and, you know, what's your radio frequency?


Can we call you if we get into a, get into heavy contact? Any of that type of stuff. And that's when, that's when that, that regular Army unit was like, you guys can go in there if you want, but we don't go in there. You know that, right? We're like, yeah, we're aware. We're like, what? What are the threats? They're like, yeah, we just get stitched up every time we go in there. RPGs, IEDs like, these guys aren't playing around. I'm like, all right, well we're taking an opal in a, in a Scooby van, so, so I think we're gonna blend in. And we, I mean, it was night, but it wasn't super late. It was like eight or nine o'clock at night because we needed traffic to blend in with. So if we would've waited till the typical two or three in the morning, like we usually do, there wouldn't have been anybody on the road.


So we, we leave in our, our one opal in the lead and then a, a van trailing much further behind. I'm in the lead vehicle with one of their American and other Iraqis. And so we, we get there to the front. It's an apartment complex that we're going into and we're, we're looking for apartment number seven, I think it was. And so we get into where the apartment is and there's a bunch of guys just out there malingering, hanging out, like just young military age guys. You know, it's, it's wintertime too. So they've got, it looks like they, they're potentially armed, but we want to get in and get out as, as quietly as we possibly can. 'cause our overall goal is to snatch this member of the beheading cell so that he can't, we can snatch him, we can get information on where the hostages are being held.


So we don't, if, if we end up having to go loud and we end up like killing the guy or whatever, then the hostages get moved and we got nothing. So our whole goal is to get in there as quietly as possible. So before we left, we basically said like, no English on target. And so we're all dressed up. I had a dish dash on with my M four underneath. It had one of those like breakaway dish dashes, light skinned body armor underneath it, and then a kafi covering my face. And that's basically how all the Americans are dressed. Iraqi are dressed similar. Luckily our Iraqis went up first made contact to talk to the guys that were out front. They said something to the effect of, we're with one of the other groups, I think ans all like, we're with this group.


Don't, don't say shit. Just stand here. Like, if you know it's good for you, just stand here. And so we kind of file past, we go and we know the guy's name. One of our Iraqis knocks on the door. The dude's mom like, cracks the door, you know, and I'm pulling security in the hallway, just trying to make sure that nobody comes up the hall. And she cracks the door and our Iraqi says, Hey, is I think the guy's name was Z out or Jabbar or something like that? Is Z out here? And she's like, no, he's sleeping. And he, he, he said, okay, well I really need to talk to him. He kind of got her to crack the door open a little bit more, just enough for him to get his foot in right when he got his foot in. Like we, we silently flow in there. One of the Iraqis puts the hands over the mom's mouth.


We come in and like literally her son, this kid is just asleep on a sleeping mat, like on a bed ak by him and a phone by him. He's a kid. He's don don't know, teenager maybe, maybe he was in his twenties. But young enough, young enough that he's still not married and living with his, his parents. It, it Always interests me how young some of these leaders are. Yeah. You know, on the opposing side. Yeah, definitely. I mean, I was 24 at the time and so he's probably, probably, he looked like he was younger than me, but they're asleep. so we got him, we keep his mom gagged, grab him, and now we have to get out. And so our Iraqis kind of walked ahead.


They made sure the hallway was clear and so his mom's freaked out. Was he combative at all? No. 'cause we basically got him, like, he got, he got woken up with a bunch of guys of Kafis covering their faces in his face saying Just give us your hands. And he, he looked around and he was, you know, he had a hand over his mouth, flex cuffed him, put a another kafi or shirt over his cuff so people couldn't see it. He was cuffed. That's what we didn't cuff him in the back. We cuffed him in the front. so we kind of walk out like this. And so we walk him and his mom out, have the van come around, throw them in the van, hop in the car, and we get off target that way. Had to drive them all the way back at, at the time we didn't know this. Unbeknownst to us there's a big fight going on between the unit that's charged with getting hostages and in our command.


So we get off target, and this is before, you know, we had very good radios. So somebody just calls my buddy on his little crappy Iraqi cell phone and is like, you guys gotta take 'em to the airfield right now. so we took the prisoners and dropped 'em off with, you know, the guys that were going after the hostages right away. Unfortunately we were, they, I don don't know what happened there, but unfortunately we, we didn't get those hostages. Our cow ended up beheading them a couple days later. Yeah. I'm not sure if we, there was an argument like, should we keep 'em and tactically interrogating 'em ourselves? 'cause this is before the big lake. This is before there was a lot of restrictions on us interrogating people. And so we definitely, our team wanted to keep them and interrogate them.


'cause we knew the target set we had kind of been all over this. We felt that we could move faster above my pay grade. We lost that food fight and we ended up having to hand the, the detainees back over to the guys at the airfield and it kind of went from there. Who was it the airfield? Was it It was Js O It was Js o Yeah. I don't remember if it was, you know, if it was the Army guys, the Navy guys or whoever it was. But it was Js o command that our, that our command was fighting with. This is, and this is like oh four, so this is before everybody was fully integrated, you know, years later there was just the so diff And I think there was a lot more conductivity, but there was still a ton of rivalry and there was not flat communication. I I don, I don't think our efforts were very synchronized in those, those years.


How long after was it that the hostages were be behead? It was a couple days later. Damn. Yeah, it was a couple days later. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. So that, that whole summer of summer and into fall of oh four, that was probably a lot of the, that was some of the biggest work that we did. We were doing a little bit against the, the Shia militias, but Zali kept grabbing Americans and Brits and beheading them. And so we were trying to run down Zar Kelly's Baghdad based kidnapping operations. And that was probably the, the hairiest mission that we did. We had quite a few other ones. We were, we were out broad daylight street places where the army had like, literally still smoldering Bradley fighting vehicles had gotten lit up. And we're out there in our little, like opals dressed up like Iraqis trying to, trying to find guys.


Yeah, I mean, I gotta be honest, it's pretty heads up. You know, it's, it's, it's been a long time since I've been in a, in a mission planning session. But, but to pick up on the traffic patterns like that, that early, yeah. Did we even have a curfew in place at that time? You know, to pick up on those traffic patterns? I mean, that's not going too late to blend in with the traffic. I mean, did you, were your guys' commandos advising you on how to dress and how to blend in? Yeah, So really early on, And that's a art in itself, Big time man, big time. so we, we got tasked agents, standup commandos and there was a guy on my team who'd been around for freaking ever legendary guy. And he was really big on reconnaissance and he was really big on like, unconditional solutions.


That was his whole thing. He was like, there's a bunch of other people in soft who get paid to kick indoors and shoot deeds in the face. Like, he's like, we can do that. He's like, but if some other unit can do it, then it's probably not what we need to be doing. He's like, but we, we know languages, we know cultures, we know unconventional warfare. This is our lane. So early on he had a vision of grabbing some of our Iraqis that had like a little more aptitude, putting them through a, a more reconnaissance oriented selection process. And then also picking them based on what part of the city they were from. And then like broader picture, what part of the country they were from really developed a, a good initial pool of sources. But those guys, like right off the bat were a godsend to us.


'cause they were the ones that were teaching us like, you know, how to dress traffic patterns. Like what do, what, what do ips, what do the Iraqi police notice on a vehicle that's gonna get you burned? Because this is before Iraq really had like a, a vehicle registration system. It got much more complicated. I know you guys probably dealt with this in GRS it got much more complicated later on with the whole like license plate thing. But things were still much more wild west back then. But just basically, how do you move through the sea that is, you know, Baghdad or, or greater Iraq without getting detected. And so those guys really helped us. And for me it really opened up my aperture. 'cause it's like, I'm like a six foot two white guy and like, I, I don't think I could, I didn't at the time, I didn't think I could blend in. But then once you learn, hey, it's all about your demeanor, it's all about how you dress.


It's all about your vehicle. You know, it's about how big your signature is, you know, and the lower signature you have, the less gringos that you have in any location, chances are you're probably gonna get away with it. Chances are you're probably gonna blend in. And so that's, that was kind of the, the direction that that we, we took that reconnaissance element and that was really beneficial for us in terms of gathering intel. But then also just being able to, hey, there's a whole bunch of tools, the government that our government had when it came to time to interdict targets and, but we could offer an alternative solution. Usually a lot, a lot more low visibility. How, how motivated were the, were the commandos, the, the, the Iraqi commandos that you guys were traded?


The The, my experience with them was not great. Yeah. Yeah. We, we were lucky I think because we kinda had the initial crop and so we fired a lot of guys initially, but luckily we had some former Iraqi special operations guys, like from Saddam's side that we vetted to see if they were like war criminals or whatever. But like Saddam, I mean, they fought a horrible war against Iran. So they had, Saddam actually had a decent amount of combat experience in his own military. And so we brought in some of those guys and the path party was like secular, like, so these dudes like hated the Islamists, they hated the Iranians and they had a lot of combat experience.


So some of them were a big help. The Kurds were also a really big help too, because the Kurds basically were like, Hey, most of Iraq hates us and would, would kill us all. So we're, we're down here to partner up with the Americans to get a little payback and then also to make ourselves very valuable to the Americans, which they did. But yeah, it was a, as the years went on, later on, I worked with some, some other like regular Iraqi army and they were not, I mean, and they performed as such too, when Isis came across the berm, you know, in 20 14, 20 15, that that $2 trillion military that we trained up threw their guns in the dirt, you know? Yeah. With the exception of the commandos, the Iraqi special operations forces, they actually, even when the, even when the whole government of Iraq abandoned them, when America had already left, like they fought in Ambar against isis, they got left or dead.


So like one of the only, one of the only things I think one of the only successes from Iraq that we can claim I think is standing up the Iraqi Special Forces. Other than that I think a lot of it was a, unfortunately a failure. Yeah, I'm with you. I mean, what, what is the, so there's a standard that you're not just taking Iraqis in, right? And it's like, all right, you're here. Yeah. That's it. What would constitute somebody getting ejected from the program? Your, your typical soldier stuff was there, like, if, if they just refused to at least even try. 'cause I mean, Iraqis have a different culture than we do. So like, I, we definitely tried the whole American style selection and like, that doesn't really work with that culture. Like they're, you know, you yell at them and tell them to, to run or do pushups or whatever, they're just gonna kind of look at you like, why, you know, like, don don't like it.


Just, you know, so you, you do a little bit of that. You wanna get the guys that, that aren't gonna quit, you know? But also we were looking for, for aptitude and, you know, could we trust them too? So really getting to know the guys and to know where they're from, making them provide us with documentation that we could at least get some degree of vetting on. So we knew who they were. 'cause I mean, Iraq was in shambles. We took out the government and so it was like, what is a valid ID card here? You know, like, so people could give you an ID card and like, we didn't really know if it was legit or not. We didn't really know who these guys were. And biometrics didn't come into play until years later. So a lot of it was like having a relationship with the guys and then making sure that we, you know, there was always two of us in a location or if there couldn't be two of us in a location.


'cause that happened quite a bit. We did make sure that we had some of the Kurdish guys with us. And so really having the Kurd there. So they were your most trusted? Most trusted, and they were our eyes and ears too. I mean, there were some of them that were so Kurdish, they didn't speak Arabic, but most of them spoke Arabic and Kurdish. And so they definitely had their ear to the ground for us. And they had been briefed by their leadership that like, keeping us safe was like in their national security interest. Like they needed to make sure that Americans felt safe around Kurds. So it was, those guys definitely kept us alive in terms of like making sure that we didn't get killed in our sleep, essentially. How would you recruit 'em? So the Kurds came to us basically from the, the KDP from the Kurdish Democratic Party.


They gave us a lot of their, their Pega, their paramilitaries. And so those guys came ready, ready to fight because they were already part of like an organic peshmerga unit. And they, they came to us. And so we would use those guys kind of as force multipliers. We'd break 'em up, make 'em squad leaders, make 'em team leaders, platoon leaders, that type of thing. But the, the initial recruiting came from like, those anti Saddam groups that we essentially just inherited, either from the CIA 'cause the CIA had had contact with a lot of the, the anti Saddam groups, but they didn't vet 'em. It was just like, Hey, these guys are part of the, the Islamic Council that hate Saddam and they're gonna bring you 50 fighters. It's like, it's So I mean, like literally when we first got the crop of Iraqi Commandos, some of these guys thought they were joining like the new Iraqi soccer team.


Like, no joke. Like they, they had tracksuits and like soccer balls. And we're like, what do you think you're here to do? And they're like, this is gonna be the new Iraqi national soccer team, right? You gotta be, are you serious? I thought that was Wow. No, that happened. Yeah. I mean, most of 'em, most of them knew, but we did have don don't know how many it was, it was like 10 or so. They were just like, we're not here for the, the soccer team. It's like, all right, thanks for coming guys. We'll, we'll, we'll see you later. That's down the street, you know? Yeah. Wow. How about the, I mean, I'm really interested in Saddam's formers guys. Yeah. Excuse me. Saddam's former guys. Yeah. I mean, how does, how do you trust that? It's tough.


Luckily we had guys on my team and some of the leadership in, in fifth group that had really, like, these guys have been studying Interac since 1991. And so there was a lot of them that were really skeptical initially on the narrative that the bath party were, you know, in, in League of Al-Qaeda. 'cause if you studied the bath party at all, like they were secular, they were really against any kind of radical Islam. And so these guys actually had done their homework. And so they saw potential in some of the former Saddam guys and some, and, and some of the former Saddam Special Forces, some of the former Saddam Intel guys. And the base, the, the little compound that we ended up occupying in, in Kamia had been one of Saddam's Intel services headquarters.


so we were able to like, find old documents and we were able to start reaching out to people. And through some of the Iraqis we had saying, Hey, like, we're open-minded, like if these guys are willing to work with us, we're willing to work with them. And so there was a lot of vetting that had to take place there, obviously before Trust was given, but there was a lot of them that, you know, sit down and talk to 'em and they would explain like, Hey, like I didn't like, I didn't like Saddam, but I love my country. They were like, I didn't support him, but we were at war if Iran, you know, we were also going after and making sure that Al-Qaeda didn't get a foothold here before you guys showed up. You know? so we, we did find some people there that we could really work with. And that had actually had proper soldier experience, soldiering experience, and then proper intel experience too.


Man, that's, that's gotta be tough sifting through all that. It was, Did you get a lot of, were you later on, were you turned over the same guys over and over and over? Yeah, so for two deployments in a row, I worked with basically the same crop of, of Commandos. And then subsequent years went back and worked the exact same, same program. I mean, some of the guys quit, some guys got killed here and there, so there was some turnover there. But even up until the time we left, left Iraq the first time in 2011, I was working with some of the same, same Iraqis that I'd worked with, like back in oh three. Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. You know, it sounds like maybe you don't think we should have been in Iraq.


I don't. Why is that? No, I mean, I think the whole narrative that, you know, number one, Saddam met WMD like that was completely and totally found to be inaccurate and then to base the war off of that. But then also that Saddam has ties to Al-Qaeda is just preposterous. I mean, Saddam was not a good guy. He was a very bad guy. He killed a lot of his own people, but he was threatened by radical Islam. And so he was actually, his intelligence service was pretty brutal against radical Islam. I, I just think we were lied to lock stock and barrel I. think our government, you know, squandered the will of the American people after nine 11. After nine 11, the American people were like, yeah, let's get it on. Let's go to war, let's defend our country.


We took down the Taliban and Al-Qaeda pretty quick in, in Afghanistan, bin Laden escapes the Pakistan. And all of a sudden it's like, don't worry about that. We're gonna build a new government here in Afghanistan. Oh, and by the way, now we need to go to Iraq. And now we're stepping back and looking at it. It's like Afghanistan, especially the, the counter-terrorist, the counter-terrorism mission done by soft done by the CIA. Nobody got rich off that, that didn't cost the government very much money at all. You need a good proper invasion and occupation to really, you know, fill the coffers in the military industrial complex. And you look at a country like Iraq, if you're gonna invade that man, you can bring everybody. I mean, you can have armored divisions there and you know, your, your air package combined, arms warfare with the military, been practicing for so long.


I mean, it is just right there. It's way too tempting for them not to do it. You know, which is I think tragic. It was, it was a big wake up call for me. I was like, man, because after my first like year or So I, I was a little confused. I was like, why are we bringing more, it seemed like we were always building new bases and bringing more people in. And I was like, why are we doing that? Do we really plan on, I thought we were only gonna be here for like another six months. 'cause even in oh three, we were talking about handing over the Iraqi government, like in oh four, and we caught Saddam, or Delta caught Saddam in December of oh three. And after that I was kinda like, well, I mean, now what are we doing? You know, aren't we leaving? But it never seemed like we were leaving. Why do you think we were there? I mean, I, I really think we were there because the military industrial complex saw an opportunity.


They saw, hey, the American America got attacked and we have a bunch of will from the American people. We have permission from the American people right now to go to war as long as we can tie it to terrorism. And so I think they took that and they lied about the intelligence. And then the next thing you know, we're in Iraq, I think there might've been some I think at the, the, the mid levels I think there were some idealistic people there who thought that we could spread democracy through the barrel of a gun. Who, who really believe in that NeoCon nonsense that says like, if we go over here and we install a government and we let people have elections, finally that, you know, deep buried within the soul of every single Iraqi and, and Afghani. There's, there's a young Thomas Jefferson who just wants to spread Liberty I think there's some people who believe that, 'cause that was definitely the propaganda.


but I do think at the end of the day it was a math problem. It was like, Hey, we have this massive military that takes up nearly $1 trillion of our, of our budget. We need to justify that. We didn't really get to use that in Afghanistan. 'cause that was just a bunch of dudes on horseback and the Air force that got that done. Let's have a proper war. Let's use our actual military. And then once you get the proper war going like the occupation, that's where the money is. 'cause even going in and toping Saddam not really gonna get, people aren't gonna get rich on that. That's not a reoccurring investment. Nation building is a reoccurring investment. Propping up these governments and building these governments, security forces, training and all that stuff. That's, that is something that never ends. That can go on forever. Where do you think the big push came from?


I mean, I think it just came from the moneyed interests in, in Washington DC I mean, at the time you had the Cheney family deeply invested in Halliburton. You know, I mean That's kind of what I'm getting. That's not kind of what I'm getting at. That's what I'm getting At. And then they, they put everybody who is part of polite DC society, everybody who's part of the establishment, they get a, they get a taste of that too. They get a taste in terms of, you know, where the contributions are going on the political side. But then they're also building out jobs. They're making people very, very wealthy. They're putting up new production facilities and different congressmen and senators districts. And so it's, it's good for business, it's good for everybody. And I think I I an unfortunate thing, I think our generation, the GY generation deserves a lot of credit for being like the all volun, the first all volunteer force that fought our longest war.


So the longest period of time our country's been at war, global war on terror. But we never stood up the draft. It was all fought by volunteers and I think we deserve credit for that. But I also think overall that was a bad thing for the country because you could send the country off to war for 20 plus years. You could make a small group of people very, very wealthy based off that war. But only a very small fraction of the population is gonna feel any effects whatsoever of the war. It's like less than what 1% serve in the military. And then who knows that less than 1%, you're talking about now two, maybe 3% of the American population, man. So it's like, this is kind of a money making scheme done on the backs of those who are, you know, true believers like us that volunteer to go over time and time again.


How brought up are you on Cheney's involvement with Halliburton? Fairly read up I. think Yeah, it's been a while since I looked at it. But I to dive into this. Yeah. So Cheney for the audience. Yeah. Vice p Bush's vice president, Dick Cheney Yep. Was the former CEO of Halliburton. Yep. Halliburton ran, I believe all logistics. All logistics for both wars. Yes. Correct. And that's what I'm talking about where the money is in the occupation, the money is in the nation Building. So anybody that doesn't, anybody that was there that still isn't tracking all of the KBR, because KBR was a subsidiary company to Halliburton Hall.


Yep. Big logistics company. Everything that you saw that had KBR on it, the shitters, the chow halls, the construction, the fuel, every, every, every piece of logistics in that war belonged to Halliburton. Yep. Whose former CCEO is Dick Cheney, who is now the vice president of the United States, who probably made the big argument on why we need to go in There. Yeah. Cheney and all the, all the guys that Cheney brought in to the Bush administration, all the Neo, all the Wolfowitz, Douglas Fife, all those guys who made the case. And these guys have been talking about taking out Saddam for years before Bush was even elected.


I mean since 91, that had been the big NeoCon dream. But when you, when you would read a lot of what they were writing at the time before nine 11, they always said, we didn't have the national will. And then bam, nine 11 happened and they're immediately talking about Iraq. I mean, right away. I mean the Taliban are, you know, a country, one country over. They're, they're in a very different country. They flee to Pakistan. A country we're still giving billions of dollars to, yet everybody is chattering about Iraq. You know, And I personally think had Iraq not gone so disastrously. I I I think we would've gone into more countries. I mean we, we, we did in a way later on went into Syria and Libya and Yemen and all that. But I think we would've gone in with a much heavier hand had things gotten, hadn't gotten so stalled in Iraq.


Can you go deeper? You know, when did you find out when, I mean, I didn't look into this until way after my career. Yeah. And that's when it hit me. It sounds like you were onto this immediately. I I wasn't onto it immediately. I, I was like legitimately, I I I was legitimately believing that there was a bigger plan somewhere. I mean, when the order came down to like fire all the bath party guys for instance, that was the first time I saw like a major discrepancy between where I was and the ground truth and what was getting put out from higher. 'cause before that, I really hadn't thought that much of it. It was just like, Hey, let's go, let's go get some bad guys. Yeah. But then I was like, this is kind of weird.


Like everybody at my level sees this. I know that my team leader and the guys who are writing the reports to go up higher, I know they're saying things about this, this is common knowledge down here on the ground. What's going on? Why are they gonna fire all the bath party guys and create an insurgency overnight? Like, it's pretty evident to us. And then I, you know, I still had a lot of faith in the system. And I was like, no, maybe they, maybe there's a, a bigger plan here that I just don't see. And then, you know, as the deployments wore on, I was like, okay, there's definitely not a bigger plan that I don't see. So here's the question. Are they incompetent at the top levels or do they just not care? And they're all making money here? And that was the last conclusion that I wanted to come to. Like, 'cause, 'cause morally that was hard for me.


You know, it was like, me and all my friends are over here and not everybody comes back from every trip. Like, we're over here making big sacrifices. We believe in this. It's, it'd be one thing if the, the top level folks just weren't getting all the information and they just didn't understand the ground truth. But after a while it was like, they just don't care. They don't give a shit about the ground truth. What they care about is pumping more, more, more into Iraq. They want more bases, they want more troops, and they want us to stay into perpetuity. They want us to stay here forever with a very, very lofty idea of turning this place into Jeffersonian democracy. Like, and that to me, I was just like, no one actually believes that. No one believes that someday this place is gonna be like Geneva.


There's no possible way they could believe that. But the current status quo of us basing thousands, hundreds of thousands of troops here, that is really good for business. And that really started to make me furious after a while. But we still had all these different problems that we had to deal with. 'cause by us being there, we were creating more problems. Like we fire the entire bath party, we radicalize all the Sunnis, we heavily empower the shi is, well that's how you get isis. And so, but now we have to go deal with isis. 'cause we kind of created that. Like we ended up right on Iran's border. And the Iranians have been at War of us since 1979. Now we're dealing with E fps, now we're dealing with the Iranians. Like, it, it's just like this never ending self licking ice cream cone of perpetual war.


And again, like there's a small percentage of the population that's shouldering the burdens. And there's another smaller, more elite percentage of the population that's making a ton of money off this. But then the majority of Americans, they, they just have no idea. But, you know, fast forward 20 years and we're, we lost somewhere between six to 9 trillion in those wars, you know? And what have we gotten for it? Nothing. Nothing. Yeah. We're, we're far worse off A veteran suicide epidemic. A veteran suicide epidemic. We've got a fiscal crisis because we, we still are addicted to perpetual wars. Maybe it's not a kinetic hot war, but we still wanna send foreign aid every single place. We still want to be the security gu guarantors of all of Europe of the high seas.


That's still the American mentality. Meanwhile, like, we can't even secure our own border. Yeah. You know, it's like the last priority is always America. I mean, I I think it's important to talk about this because not many people do talk about it. Not many people understand it even when you bring it up. Yeah. They, they can't, they can't wrap their head around the fact that their vice president sent us to war. To, to to, for the betterment of himself and for Halliburton. Yeah. KBR And here we are on the verge of three wars, I guess not on the Verge two are already happening. Yeah. The conflict in Israel, obviously Ukraine and then China's about to take Taiwan.


Yeah. And who, who the hell knows what else is gonna kick off. But, you know, it, it makes, I feel like Americans need to be more educated now than ever because 100%. Because the fact that the, I mean, there's no if ands or buts about it, the government has been lying to us for a very long time. They're gonna continue to lie to us. You can't ask questions. Right. If you, if you do, you'll immediately be labeled, you know, either a far right conspiracy theorist or you know, a neo-Nazi or Putin supporter, whatever. But that's the scam. And, and if you look at the rhetoric that's being used right now, in particular with the Ukraine war, it's the exact same rhetoric they used in the lead up to the Iraq war.


There was a handful of courageous Republicans and Democrats out there who eventually were almost ostracized from their party who were against the Iraq war. And those guys were called like, Don, do you want the terrorist to win? Do you hate America? Like the surrender Republicans, the traitor Democrats like that they were called all the exact same thing, man. Like I, I'm not the smartest guy in the world, but I know pattern recognition. And like those guys were right, they were ultimately vindicated after they were basically politically destroyed. So not being able to see those patterns, now it's, it's very alarming to me that we're falling for all the exact same tricks. And unfortunately, as disastrous as the War on Terror was for our country, what's happening now in particular of Ukraine, that could be much worse because now we're we're potentially getting into a nuclear exchange with, with Russia potentially a World War III type of scenario.


And there's a lot of people right now who are saying, oh, that'll never happen. That'll never happen. It's like, well we are bragging about the fact that we're supplying the Ukrainians, we're bragging about the fact that we're providing intelligence that's being used to kill Russian military members. We have members of our political class that are saying that they want regime change in Russia. Chairman of the joint chief of staff just the other day said, yeah, we might be getting to a point pretty soon here where we could put advisors, American advisors into Ukraine. It's like, well, how'd Vietnam start? You know, like, how did all these little periphery wars, I've been an advisor before it comes to, I was an advisor in Yemen like we were at war. Like that's exactly how we get into a kinetic war. It's like, so we're gonna risk a nuclear war right now because the war propaganda is so compelling.


Like it's absolute insanity. And like people have to realize how big of a business and how big of a racket war truly is. And. I'm not like a, you know, peacenik that's gonna say that we should never go to war for any reason. Like quite the contrary, I just don't want us getting involved in any more stupid wars. Yeah. But stupid wars are big business in DC and all that machinery in DC is built around foreign aid and foreign wars. And the American people, they hardly realize it. But that's the reason why the priority is always sending money overseas. But the second you say, Hey, I want to repair a bridge in my district. Hey, I wanna do something about all the people that are addicted to fentanyl living on the streets in my district. That's why they get table scraps. Because the only time that Congress will buckle down and actually work in a bipartisan fashion and like don don't know, work really hard work overnight is to send a hundred billion dollars overseas.


We just saw that a couple weeks ago. Oh, we're working all night. We're gonna send a hundred billion dollars to you name the country, we're probably sending the money. Don't worry about our border. It's still wide open. I, I can't even, I can't even keep track of the, I I look at the news cycle, not very often, but, but you know, I, I see it through social or people talking or what, I don't watch the media anymore, but it's, it's a hundred billion pack, just like you said. Yeah. We sent another hundred billion over there and it's like, is that the, is that the same one that we were talking about two days ago? Or is this another one that happened already? And I. I can't, They probably don't even Know. I can't keep track of it. Yeah. And you know, I mean I just I think it's important for people to hear this stuff because your sons and daughters are gonna go to war again.


100%. And it's gonna probably be for some bullshit reason to make the elites Richer. One 100 and And I mean, look at the recruiting crisis that we're having right now. We can, we can get into why that's happening. We have a recruiting crisis right now that's out in front everybody, everybody's seeing that right now. That's in the news. But we're also provoking a war on multiple fronts. So just because we've, we haven't had a draft in any of our lifetimes, like that doesn't mean people still don't register for selective service. People still register for selective service. Like people will say, Hey, he's crazy, he's fearmongering. I'm just saying look at the facts. Look at how many conflicts we have brewing plus our recruiting crisis here at home. Easily. The law of unintended consequences. Like we could get into a shooting war in one of these theaters pretty easily.


I mean, our Biden thought it'd be a great idea to go build a pier off the port of Gaza. And they've already taken rocket fire there with American soldiers like getting in between the Israelis and the Palestinians about the dumbest thing. You can do all kinds of dumb stuff in the Middle East and we've done most of it. But this has gotta be the dumbest thing that we've done is trying to get in between the Israelis and the Palestinians and their conflict and we're doing it. And so there's all these different pressure points where if one thing happens that we're not anticipating or some somewhat of a black swan of them, we could easily be in a war. And you've got a depleted military and so you're completely right when you say it could be your sons and daughters. 'cause there's people who are like, oh, my kids aren't gonna join the military. Like, well they're still registering for the draft, aren't they? Like that's, that's the logical conclusion to the direction that we're heading in right now.


Unless we make some serious changes. I mean it's already, it's, I've already heard rumors that fifth group is gonna be sending guys to Iraq because of the escalated Oh yeah. Situation with Iran now. Yeah. I mean most Americans aren't, aren't aware of it. We've, our troops in Iraq and Syria have been attacked 150 plus times by Iranian proxies. And when we say Iranian proxies, we gotta be clear on what that is. That's the Iraqi government that we pay. Because after the Iraqi military, we spent 2 trillion on surrendered to isis. We had to go back in there in very short order and stand a military back up again. And guess who filled the breach? The Shia malicious controlled by Iran did. And the Iraqi government's controlled by Iran.


So these Iranian proxies that are attacking our troops are 100% funded by the United States of America. We're funding the guys that are attacking our troops. And so it's like, well then why did we leave our troops there? And that, that's always been my question. I think we should have had 'em out a long time ago. We can get into it when talking about my late wife, but she should have been out of Syria. 'cause Trump gave the order to get those guys out of there. And then you have the administrative state dragging their heels and, and desperately trying to keep us in these conflicts. It's the exact same thing we see now. We've got troops that are out there vulnerable under fire and Washington DC refuses to, to withdraw them either because they're ignorant and scared or because they're like, well, worst case scenario, if some troops get killed, then we gotta double down. We'll send in more troops. Yeah. Build some more bases.


That's all the more justification to stay. We, we, we beat Isis, but now we can't leave. Now we gotta fight these Iranian proxies. Infuriating. Yeah. Let's talk about your wife. When did you guys meet? So the, the first time we met, briefly met for 10 minutes was in 2007. I actually met her at the, the Baghdad v the the area where the, all the different intelligence agencies. The villa are the villa. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You probably know it. Oh yeah, yeah. I attended a, a targeting briefing that she was giving actually on an Iranian militant that we were trying to track down. So I met her there like for five, 10 minutes and, and chatted with her and had every intention of coming back and, and chatting her up some more.


But the war moved fast and she moved on to a different location. And I didn't see her again for, for several years. I didn't run back into her until 2013. Who was she working for? So she was working at the time, she was on an individual augment. So she joined the military right after nine 11. Had a knack for languages, went to DLI for Arabic, really excelled. And then they sent her to, to Fort Gordon just to, you know, translate stuff. And she was like, this is not what I joined for. I want to go to war. And they were like, you wanna go to war? We got boy do boy do we have a war for you And. So they, they put her on the plane to do an individual augment. She ends up at C Jaso so working for, for special operations. And then she gets put down from Bilad to Baghdad to work in the interagency in her intel agency environment there in the Vil doing targeting And her name Shannon Kent.


Yeah. Shannon Kent Shannon Smith at the time. Shannon Smith. Yeah. Well let's take a quick break and when we come back we'll just pick up right where we're at. Yeah.


Look around war inflation recession. Did you know that many experts call gold? The everything hedge gold often goes far beyond hedging against inflation or the stock market. It can potentially guard against today's wars in Ukraine and the Middle East. Not to mention the great economic danger of a recession lurking. That's why Gold just hit another record. High and Central Banks keep buying gold at a record pace. Join the thousands of people who have called Goldco their number one rated gold company. Diversify your money with time-tested assets, physical, gold and silver. Today Goldco is offering up to 10% instant match in free bonus silver with a qualified account. Go to Sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 Gold and see if you qualify to get your bonus silver today. Once again, that's 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. Or visit Sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making any investment decisions.


Today's show is sponsored by Helix sleep.com. Sleep especially as you get older, is critical, especially that deep comforting sleep. Go to Helix sleep.com and take the sleep quiz. I took it and was matched with the midnight lux Helix knows that everyone's unique, so they have several different mattress models to match based on your body type and sleep preferences. Once you match your mattress comes right to your door, shipped for free. When you receive your Helix mattress, you'll be amazed at how well you'll sleep. And if your back needs some extra TLC like mine, you'll love their hybrid design that combines individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. They have a 10 year warranty and financing option. So a great night's sleep is never far away. Helix Sleep is also proud to support our active military service members, veterans, military spouses, and military family members with exclusive discounts on promotions on Helix products. Helix is offering 20% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. For our listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/ss. That's Helix sleep.com/ss. This is their best offer yet and it's not gonna last long with Helix. Better sleep starts now.


All right, we're back from the break. We just got introduced to Shannon. Let's talk about her. Yeah, so native New Yorker, she was inspired to join because of nine 11. So her dad and her uncle were both ground zero first responders. Really? Yeah. Her dad's a career New York State trooper. And then her uncle was a New York City firefighter. So the attacks happened. She had just started college and her father and uncle are both down there at ground zero trying to dig people outta the rubble for the first three or four days, man. Yeah. So after that her and her brothers year younger than her both do what a lot of Americans did at the time and they went and found a recruiter, said they wanted to serve so she knew she had, could learn languages pretty easily.


That was like her passion. She taught herself Spanish and French and just had that mind that automatically gravitates toward languages. So she went to all the different recruiters and said, Hey, I know I could learn Arabic, like put me in. And so the Navy was the first one that said, Hey, we'll we'll we'll send you to DLI if you can pass the test, we'll we'll send you there. And so she, you know, smoked or or whatever it's called, D lab scored really high, great aptitude. So signed Navy contract, went to DLI, defense Language Institute in Monterey for, it's like a year and a half to learn Arabic. It's like 18, 18 months I think year in the initial Arabic training. So came outta that. She scored really well, but she never liked doing the easy thing.


She had a passion for like specifically like the Iraqi dialect 'cause you know like there's standard Arabic and then there's like Iraqi, there's all the different dialects. So the Iraqi dialects pretty challenging 'cause it's so different than your traditional modern standard Arabic. So she latched onto that pretty quick and then volunteered for deployment right away. And then her basically just going from being an individual augmentee to working at CGI Soda to working down there at the, she just kept kind of shining and ex and you know, making herself value added that she eventually ended up on that same deployment. She ended up getting brought right down to Biap Airfield to work with the NSW task force that was down there. 'cause they wanted to bring in more Intel people closer to them.


'cause they had the same frustrations that, that I had. Like, hey, we're, we're not getting Intel fast enough. So they started home growing some of their own Intel capability. They brought her down there and then on that deployment she got an invite to go try out for the special reconnaissance teams for NSW 'cause they had just opened that up to non seals and then, and to women as well. So she was in one of the first classes for the special reconnaissance troupe. Wow. That that, that led weapon in What year is this? So that would be oh seven or oh eight. Yeah. Very interesting. Yeah. And so you guys met in oh seven? Yeah. And then reconnected at what point? 2013.


We both ended up going to selection four and getting invited to the, the year long training course to, to be in a, a pretty unique special operations unit. Combines intelligence folks with special operators. Still one of the few unit units that not a lot's known about. So I'll be a little bit cagey and not talk too much about that unit. It's kind of funny 'cause when you, when you go and you do the for for the book, you, you do like the publication review stuff. Yeah. And like the CIA is pretty cut and dry. Like hey you can say what you did at the CIA. You know, like they gave me like one or two things I couldn't say and then like DODs like, you know, pages of like don't say that. Don't say that. So yeah. But we both ended up there at that unit and so we both recognized each other right away.


But We were Can I ask questions about that unit? Sure, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just How did you get recruited into that So? I was fortunate that on one of my deployments, I I ended up working with them. So I kind of got exposed to what they were, what they were doing. And I already kind of gravitated towards that intel world. And so that's kind of where my head was. And I I'd wanted, at some point I'd kind set my sights on going to the agency next again, 'cause I was interested in the Intel side, but also I I I kind of wanted to be like a, a voice of reason I guess the way you could put it. Like somebody who had been there on the ground to actually like give real information to, to decision makers so that we didn't ever get involved in a disaster like a rack again.


That was kinda like my, my long term goal. But I had an opportunity to work with some guys from that unit and they had a pretty, pretty unique mission at the time. They were part of one of the task forces that was specifically going after just the foreign fighters that were coming across the Syrian border. My team was on the Syrian border, so we were working on that oh 5 0 6 timeframe and a couple guys came out and they had a lot looser rules than we did and they had a lot more money than we did. And they were like, yeah, but we're in the army. And I'm like, wait a sec. Like so who are you? Because I, I was like, man, I thought I knew everybody, like who are you guys? And they, they wouldn't even tell me, you know. And they were like, Hey email, email this guy when you get home and we'll, we'll, we'll talk to you later. No kidding. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know what that unit was until Af way after I was out.


Yeah, it's not, it, we don't really advertise. I mean the unit doesn't advertise that much. They kind of find who they want. I think we've, we've done some more like blanket emailing of like the whole Special Forces community or the whole NSW community now to kind of get more guys. 'cause you know, it's cool to have a super secret unit but you still need people to like know to come to try out for it. So I think they're a little bit more upfront nowadays about getting guys to come try out for selection. but I, I didn't hear much about it at all. So that was my first exposure. But really I didn't plan on going to the unit until we pulled out of Iraq the second time. 'cause I had, I had always just wanted to stay on an ODA, loved it.


I went from weapons to Intel and then I became a warrant officer. And so as we were leaving Iraq, I was like, crap man. Like, like now is this, are we gonna enter the peacetime army now? You know, I was like, am I gonna have to go sit in a staff somewhere then now that I'm a warrant officer And luckily that that unit takes warrant officers, like you can go try out So. I was like, you know what, I wanna, I wanna stay in the game. I'm gonna go try out for this unit now. And so luckily Shannon had done three Iraq deployments and she had just done an Afghanistan deployment too. And so she and she had tried out for the unit. so we ended up in the same, the same class. So Would you guys have been doing, or maybe were doing the, the same job description? Well, her job is a little more technical than mine. 'cause she had the sign qualification, she had the language skills and then Shannon was also a qualified human.


So she, she was proficient in all three of those. Can you talk about, can you go into a little more detail on human second? Yeah. So she, for the audience, Yeah. So she was a, like if you look at her, her Navy job, it's a crypto linguist technician and then interpretive, which means her, her entire job is cryptology. So intercepting signals, radio signals, cell phones, cyber, there's a cyber aspect to it as well. So she was trained in that. But then she had the interpretive, she had the language skills as well. So she specifically targeting the Middle East Iraq, you know those types of Arabic speaking countries. That was her target language. So Sgin for those listening that don't know what that is, that's signal intelligence.


Yeah. Signal intelligence, exactly. Yep. So that was supposed to be her main job when she was over in Iraq because of basically demand. She ended up just kind of fumbling her way into source operations because she understood the Iraqi dialect so well that a lot of the guys down there at the NSW task force that she was working with. So the intel enablers and some of the seals that were were ASOT guys. They realized their TURP sucked. 'cause we had turp, we had TURPs from other parts of the Middle East. They're having a really hard time. And so they were constantly having Shannon check those TURPs work. And so she ended up getting in on the humid aspect really early on. And then at the, this is around the same time I think where as a fighting force, we were having an epiphany that there was a whole other side of the population that we weren't talking to because the Middle East is just so segregated between men and women.


We were missing the entire, like literally female perspective. And women in that culture aren't really regarded as anything. But at the same time they're everywhere. You know? So like you have women that are in the room with all the same bad guys we're going after. And so Shannon started working with a lot of the women sources. 'cause the women sources wouldn't come in and they wouldn't talk to men. So humid for those that don't know. Yeah, Human intelligence Is human intelligence. Yeah. So that's how she sort of, she found her way into that. And then between one of her deployments ended up going to one of the humid courses to be, you know, officially certified and blessed off on to, to run source operations. So you guys are at selection for a special minute, special missions unit?


I can't say the name. I won't say the name, but I mean from a, from a, I mean you dude, you saw her again? I didn't, Yeah, I mean so what, Yeah, it was pretty, What's your pickup line? It was Pretty, it was pretty wild. Well, she helped me. She we're everything with the unit's, very cryptic. And so you go through like a 40 day selection process, which is pretty wild onto itself. And then you go back to your unit and you get orders to come to the year long training. And they basically give you like this super random email that's just like, show up at this parking lot at this time wearing business casual or something like that. So you're like, okay, you show up and you're hanging out in this parking lot and there's a couple guys I recognize from my selection class that are there and there's some other people who maybe were in a class before us or behind us that are there.


And then Shannon pulls up and we make, I make, it's like out of a mood, we make eye contact. We both recog like kind of I think we recognize each other. And she's looking at me and she backs into this other car. She like, she like taps the, taps the fender of her car in another car and she's like, and So I just go over there. And I'm like, Hey, the, I, I saw that that car jumped out and bit your bumper. Like that was my, that was my pickup line there, you know? And then we both realized we were who we thought we were, like, you know, and then we're kind of, we were both still in training, so we had a lot going on for that that first year. But you know, from that moment on we were pretty much inseparable. Do you wanna talk about, can you talk about the selection at all? Not really.


There's all the typical stuff that you'll, you'll have in a, in a, in a ruck based selection. So they, they also kind of follow the same pattern that like SFAS or Delta selection follows. Okay. Where they're seeing how you perform individually. I'd say this one you're even more isolated in because they're recruiting for, they're recruiting from a population of soft guys and have already kind of been tested. You've already kind of have to be, have a decent reputation in your community to get the invite so they know that you can kind of perform well in a typical team environment. And so they take you And, they're, they're gonna isolate you And, they're gonna have you do a lot of the typical land nav stuff. But then there's a ton of other challenges that even with like some of the best intel going into it.


Like you just don't anticipate And, I don't wanna ruin for anybody. but I was, I had, by the time I went, I had been in the Army for like 12 years, been to combat, been around pretty much every unit here and there. And there was stuff in that selection process that I was like, I did not see that coming. Like that, that was really surprising and, and very well done too. So a lot of resources go into it. They challenge you in a bunch of different environments and it's, it's 40 plus days and you don't really know when they give you a really, they give you like a week timeframe of when it'll be done. They'll be like, yeah, you can tell your unit, you'll be back, you know, between this day and that day. Wow. Wow. So yeah. What's the attrition rate like? It's pretty big. It it, it's pretty big. There's, there's classes where there's like one or two guys, you know, that make it, my class wasn't that way.


We I think we had 10 of us that made it through. There's it, it's kinda like a, a scale, a scaled thing. You go to a, a standard military base initially and that's where you do all your PT tests, psych eval. And that's one of the first places where they're, they're actually gonna put you, like, they're gonna polygraph you as well. 'cause anybody that's in the unit has to have A-T-S-S-E-I. And so there's a lot of guys that the psych eval and the poly, they're gone, you know, and then they take you off to a much more isolated place, and then they take you in another isolated place. And by the time you're all done with it, it's kind of interesting. You, you don't know how many guys make it through your selection class because of the way they end selection. There's like a final event you do, and then you go before a board, and then you just kinda get put on an airplane.


And so you don't really know if you, They shuffle you from the board to the airplane, basically. Yeah. Holy shit. So, you know, like there's one other guy maybe that you're in the van with and you, they also, you also don't really introduce who you are fully. This Sounds like the place I always wanted to go. That's what I said. I Been looking for this place forever. Like Supreme found. You've, you've, yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's a very unique place. It takes a long time to get into it, but it's a, it's a really cool place. How long does it take to get into it? Well, the selection process is 40 days and then it's about a year of, of OTC. What's the, what's the attrition rate once you get into the OTC portion, It's still fairly high.


Well, at, at that point they, they know you pretty well based on your past reputation and based on your performance and selection, but you still lose about half your class typically. Yeah. In that, and, you know, 'cause I mean they, the double-edged sword I think of recruiting from a, an experienced pool is you get a lot of people who wake up one day and they're just like, wait a sec, I'm already a Green Beret. I'm already a Ranger, I'm already a seal, I'm already a, you know, marsoc, like, I don't need this shit. Like, I can go back to my other unit and be just fine. And so there, there's a lot of guys who self-select in, in the, 'cause it's a year long. I mean, you know, you staring down 12 months of being a student in a, in a fairly high stress environment.


Yeah. Interesting. Interesting. Can I ask you what the, what the job if, what is the job description? So the job description, it, it's basically special reconnaissance, but a broad aperture of special reconnaissance. So basically anything that requires providing decision makers with a wide variety of options. So you're, you're kind of getting at way ahead of where the current Department of Defense might be. And you're looking at a lot of potential threats out in the horizon. And you're saying like, Hey, we're gonna go get fidelity on these things.


Like we're gonna track down these, these future bad guys or maybe bad guys that we're technically not at war with, but they're doing bad things against the country. And we are going to be able to provide a target packet to decision makers that say, this is who this human is, this is who this person is, this is his network, and here's the following ways that we can get rid of them. Like there's a kinetic option. You can drop bomb on 'em, you can send in one of the other units to come kill the guy. Or you know, we have a wide variety of other options, or here's how we can continue to collect on the threat they pose to the country. So it's a broad spectrum of, of special reconnaissance. There's also a more traditional role too of, of being the reconnaissance element ahead of the other special missions units that kick indoors and, and do hostage rescue.


A lot of them have kind of grown their own indigenous reconnaissance capability within their units, their own organic capability. So I would say the unit probably is much more strategic in the types of targets that they're looking at. But it's also, you, you kind of are working really for the, the Secretary of Defense and then National Command Authority. So anywhere there's a gap a lot of times in Intel that will get thrown right in the unit's lap and they'll say, you know, kind of figure it out. Is the, I mean this is a very individual, Barry, This isn't a team environment. Sometimes it is, but when we're talking team three, four guys maybe, but a lot of, a lot of individual stuff where you're, you're augmenting maybe another unit, another task force or working for, you know, the agency, one of the other Intel agencies or you're kind of on your own.


The whole, I'd say the foundation of like our selection process and our training process is you're, you're on your own. It's, it's just you, you And your wits and very little guidance. And so you And Shannon both, you both mean you did the whole year long horse together. We both end up there. so we are in a little bit different pipelines 'cause sures is more Intel related. Okay. There was some stuff that we would do together. And then the operations side, ours is probably a little more, I'd say like hands-on. So Yeah. But we were there together. So a lot of the combined exercises and stuff we did together. So how did your re relationship develop Fast? 'cause I mean, we were busy with the course, so it wasn't like your typical, let's go out and have coffee and then we'll go out and have dinner later on.


And then, you know what I mean? There wasn't like that real gradual, it was, we, we have a little bit of time, you know, you get for in, in the course of the year, there are portions of the, of the course where you're living at somewhat of a classroom, like regular schedule. So, you know, go after dinner or whatever. But I mean, I think we fell in love pretty quick. I mean, so we, we both realized we had found who we wanted to be with pretty fast. So it was a lot of it was like, Hey, when we, when we get out of this and we can actually have a life, like where do we wanna live? What do we want that life to look like? So a lot of future planning. But yeah, it definitely wasn't your typical courting, courting, courting cycle. Yeah. What, what does the, I'm just curious what life's like between a married couple that is, that's in a unit like that, you know, I mean what's the deployment schedule like?


Yeah, I would imagine that's not even a, is it even a schedule? Not really. At the time we tried to get, that's, even as I was leaving the unit, they were attempting to get some sort of a normal cycle. But it's just hard with the nature of that work. So it's, it's pretty, it's pretty intense. I mean, both Shannon And I found it I think pretty refreshing. We could be honest with each other. I mean, 'cause it's, it's hard enough being in a relationship when you're in the military and the other person's not in the military. But then when you take it into like this, you know, murky intel world where you're like, you really can't talk about a lot of what you're doing and you most certainly can't communicate. A lot of the times I think both of us found it much easier that, you know, we could just be upright and and forthright with each other about what we were doing.


We both had all the clearances, we were both read on stuff. So it was like, okay, you know, you're going here, I'm going there. So it was much, much more cut and dry. but I mean there was a lot of, you know, exterior demands on both of us. It's definitely a high stress unit. I mean, at the time, to me it just felt normal and I think it felt normal to her. 'cause that's what we were mean. By the time, by the time I met her, she had been to war four times, you know, all special operations. She had seen some, seen some shit herself, but we were both pretty committed to what we, what we were doing. So what kind of shit. So she was, she was really deep in the intel world. So she had ran, you know, like a lot of sources. She'd been on a lot of targets too.


So she was actually out there going on targets with the seal platoons and then also o other elements of the task force pretty early on before the whole, before the whole female engagement thing, she was one of the females they'd bring out on target to bring in to, to question the women. So there was, there's a scene in the book where literally the, you know, the guys just shot up a whole whole bunch of dudes and there's a bunch of screaming women and they're just like, Hey Shannon, get in here. Tell 'em to calm down and then figure out where our next target is. You know, How'd she handle that Stuff? I, Shannon could com compar, compartmentalize things very, very well. Very business focused, you know, she realized it was a job and for her, I mean, she really just wanted to be in the fight and providing as much support as she could.


Like, she really felt like, hey, our entire country is engaged right now. You know, her dad and her uncle were, were there at ground zero. And so she was always I think like a lot of us wanted just to do her fair share. You know, for her it was never like, I need to be here because I'm a woman and you guys should accept women. It was like, Hey, I can speak Arabic, like, and if you guys need me to come on Target to speak Arabic, if you need me to sit here with some headphones and intercept signal, like whatever. I'll do what you guys need. but I wanna, I, I know I can contribute. So put me in in, in a position where I can contribute the most. What was it about her that drew you to her? Man? You know, when you find your person, you find your person.


I. think I think that's, that's a lot of it too. A lot of it's that what you just can't explain. You look at someone in the eye and you're like, oh, okay, this is, this is it. But really it it was that understanding. It was the understanding of like, we, we have a mission and our role here is to go to war for our country. 'cause you know, I'd, by the time I met Shannon, I was in my thirties So. I'd been in other relationships and stuff. And, I just had a hard time, like a lot of women and rightfully so. Just didn't understand that. They're like, what's wrong with you? Like, how many times do you need to go over? Like, are you a crazy person? You know? Yes, I guess. I mean, I am. I don't think I am, but apparently, yeah, So I mean it, it was refreshing to meet somebody who basically had the same ideology that I did where she was just like, no, this is what we're, until this is over, this is what we're gonna do.


We're we're gonna serve and we're gonna, we're gonna go and fight. And then her also I think just really having a fascination with like the intel side of understanding Iraqi culture in particular. Iraq, we really initially bonded over Iraq because I spent a lot of time there. She spent a lot of time there. So it was just a place where we had both spent a ton of time. So it was very much part of who we were. But I think just that commitment, I think the way that we were both just kind of synced up on those, those values I think really made us compatible for each other. How long was it before you guys got married? A little over a year. Yeah. We got married after a year. We got married after about a year. Yeah. Yeah. so we, yeah. So basically you did the, the course together.


We basically Did the course and got married. Yeah. And then you got married right after. Yeah. Yeah. And so in a unit like that is everybody, is everybody of one centralized location? Are they all over the place? All Over the place, man. All over the place. It's a, the unit's a funny place. Like I've ran into guys who were there and we were there at the same time. And like, maybe we have some mutual friends, we can play that game. But like, if you didn't go to the course of somebody and you didn't do a deployment with somebody, it's completely conceivable that you, you two would just never see each other just 'cause of compartmentalization or just the op tempo. Wow. Yeah. so we were, we, we both worked at different locations. You both worked at different locations? Yeah. Yeah. Well then how does that work with married life?


Well, We, she, she was up at Fort Mead. And. I was kind of in the, the DC metro area. so we initially lived in, in downtown DC before we had kids, which was fun. It was kinda before DC the bottom fell out. So it was, it was neat living there. But then once kids came along, we, we got a place just outside of Annapolis to be closer to her work. 'cause I was, I was gone more than she was. Okay. Yeah. Was she gone when you were at home? Sometimes, yeah. How was that? Yeah, how was it being? I mean, I just, I I mean, how, what's it like being, being the spouse that's home and your wife's?


That's weird. Overseas. Yeah. No, that's weird. That's different. You know, if we were both deployed or whatever, like it didn't, you know, it's just, we were doing, but she didn't, she didn't deploy once we had kids until she went to, to Syria in 20, late 2018. So for the most part, for most of our married life, when we had kids, it was her at home. And And I was deploying, she was still working at the NSA. So she was still doing pretty vital stuff for the, for the country. But she was the one staying at home up until her, her final deployment. How much time were you guys getting together per, in face to face now That, now that I've been a normal person, not very much now, now that I have that perspective at the time, I, it just like, it's your world, you know?


And like, and we knew a bunch of other couples that were, you know, either in the intelligence community or, or in the unit as well. And so it was just like normal, you know. But not, not a lot. No, not a lot at all. I mean, if we got, you know, two weeks for both of us to be home, that'd be like a big deal, you know? How many years did this go on? Three or four years. Three or four years. Three or four years. Yeah. And that was just a, just a schedule, you know, What's a deployment like? Or do, do you even call it a deployment at that unit? Or is it just, just quick trips? Yeah, it's called, call it deployment. Yeah. I mean, I, I basically, for the most part, I was doing traditional warfare stuff or traditional war zone stuff. So I went back to Iraq when the, the ISIS thing kicked back off again.


Went back to Yemen. So yeah, still deployments and went Back to Yemen. I did, I went back to Yemen in, hold On. When did you go to Yemen the first time? First Time I went to Yemen was 2010 to 2011. Not the whole year, but for about like seven Months in sf. Yeah. I didn't even know SF was there. Yeah, we actually had a really cool mission. I mean, this was when we were attempting to prop up the, the sala regime. And so they had basically Syncom was like, boy, those Iraqi commandos sure work good. Like let's stand up some Yemeni commandos. Which it's a whole nother, a whole nother story there. so we, we, we were working with Salas Special Forces, but we were also, you know, doing basically atmospheric collecting intelligence.


It's, it's interesting now with everything that's happening with the Houthis. 'cause at the time we were trying to get sa a focus on Al-Qaeda and SLA was like the Houthis of the real sobs. You guys need to be worried about the Houthis. And we were like, nah, the Houthis aren't, aren't that big of a deal now. It's like, yeah. but I, I had, I really enjoyed my time in Yemen. 'cause we had basically a lot of autonomy. I mean, we were living in the middle of the city in a house. Like there was still, you know, you were there, there's still good freedom of movement. It was still dangerous. So it was kind of exciting love. There was, I love definitely bad guys there. I love that. Oh, all the places I worked, I loved working in Yemen. Same here. I. think Ana is a beautiful city and you can go like wander around the old city, like all the history there.


And Yemenis are really, at the time were really friendly. I think that's probably changed the war. It's just, it was, it was such an interesting dynamic there for me because, and maybe this was happening in other places, but, but, but Yemen was just different. But you had the regular operations that were going on everywhere. But then also you had, you had all the other foreign intel agencies Oh yeah. That were not friends with that are all there and everybody's spying on each other. Yeah. And you're trying to do, you're trying to do the regular mission and you're also doing all this other stuff. You know, you get the Chinese there, you got the Russians there. The Russians, you got the Iranians there, you got everybody is in Yemen. Yeah.


But it's all under the radar. Yep. But everybody knows and it's just, it, it makes it really, yeah, it just makes it, it makes life very interesting. Yeah. It was a very, it was a really exciting place to be. I, I thought especially living in Sunan, you can go move around the city and, you know, we're looking for bad guys, but like you said, like the Russians were there looking at us. The Chinese were there Everybody, I mean, did you ever eat at that sushi restaurant? I know, yeah. Do You know what I'm talking about? There can be. Yeah. There could only be one, I'm sure. And The guy that the, the owner got killed outside of his own stab to death. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I wonder if we ran a, I wonder if we crossed paths over there. Probably not.


But, but yeah. Yeah. Those were good times. Yeah. In Yemen Really good times. So what were you doing there? So we, we were training the Yemeni special Operations forces. And then also we were working just collecting Intel on the Al-Qaeda looking for AQ and the ap. So because I was human qualified, that was like my, my night job was to augment that. And so the guys at Station or whatever would give us requirements. And we had really good, again, we had really good access to the population because we were working with Yeni Special Forces. Like I was hanging out with S'S nephew, with the president's nephew. And they, they knew that we were there to try and track down some of those guys.


And there were some cat and mouse games being played with the, the solid regime. 'cause they were trying to basically, like SLA said, dance on the heads of snakes, like keep all the different militias happy. So he was trying to feed us low value AQ targets to keep us happy 'cause we were funding his entire government. But at the same time he had like the back and forth going on with the Houthis and he was trying to bribe off different tribes to not join the Houthis. so we were trying to map out all those dynamics, which was super interesting. I thought especially just the, the role that the tribes play there and how much power the tribes have inside Yemen. It was like, I mean we, I had done a little bit of that in, in Ambar and Iraq and those tribes out there were powerful and had influence. But like the, the tribal dynamic in, in Yemen and how Sala patched all that together I thought was pretty, pretty amazing.


So just trying to navigate all those dynamics and map 'em out was, was really cool. Yeah. Yeah. Back to back to DC with Shannon. Yeah. I mean, with both of you guys in a unit like that, how, how does the discussion of kids get get approached? Oh, it just happened. Okay. Well, I mean, it, it's kind of funny 'cause I, I just, living the life I lived, I was just like, I'm probably never gonna have kids. And I. That was just like, for me, I was like, okay, well that's fine. I'll just go to war for my entire life. That was my, my dumb mentality. Then I met Shannon and Shannon was like, that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life. Like, we're gonna have kids. And I was like, actually that does make a lot more sense. I was like, that does, you're probably right.


You know? And so we, we got pregnant really pretty early on, like right after Shannon, right after we were married, our first son was on the way. And then, you know, right after that, we had started, right when we first started talking about having a second kid, Shannon's like, well, I'm pregnant. You know, it's just like, you know, 'cause I mean, I'm three years older than she was. so we, we knew we were kind of on a, on a tight timeline to have have kids. Yeah. And you guys planned to on staying staying in with, with kids? We did. We did. I mean, that was definitely, if we, if we had any friction point in our marriage. I mean that was, that was definitely it. I mean, Shannon really understood who I was.


And as I was approaching retirement, I mean, I had, I had my next career mapped out. I knew I was gonna go, go work in ground branch work at the CIA. 'cause I'd already worked with those guys and I'd already been to the farm. And So I was like, okay, I'm gonna just basically cross deck right over there, get my military pension, retirement and start a second career. The way I sold it to Shannon was that I'd only do ground branch for a little bit and then I'd go do traditional case officer stuff. And she had worked around the agency a bunch and you can have a decent life. 'cause there's a lot of married couples in in the agency that, that make that work. So that was my, my sales pitch. But you know, Shannon was like, I, at some point we're gonna have to say that we've done enough. You know, like I think when we hit the 20 year mark I think we should, we should call it good.


And I was like, I'm, I'm not good after 20 years. Like, I don wanna keep going. Like there's more. And so that was definitely our, our our one, you know, piece of, of marital friction. There was when I said, Hey, I'm gonna retire on a Friday and swear in at the CIA on a Monday. Wow. Yeah. So she was, she was supportive. I mean, she was like, I get it, this is who you are, but you've really gotta, you gotta figure out who you are past all this. And to me that was like white noise. Anytime people talked about like transitioning outta the military or you know, not deploying for a living, getting shot at. I was just like, yeah, you must be talking about somebody else. 'cause I'm not gonna do that. So that was, yeah, that was, that was our plan.


That was my plan. Anyway. Shannon was, you know, much more realistic. And, and after we had kids, she was like, don don't wanna deploy. I don't want go overseas and deploy me away my kids. but I still wanna serve on her last deployment to Afghanistan with NSW. She was part of the team where Commander Job Price killed himself in Afghanistan. And, and she, 'cause Shannon was always kinda a forward thinker. She was like, it doesn't make sense that this guy killed himself. Like he's well respected, like big strong Navy SEAL. Like why did he kill himself? And so she really went down the rabbit hole of like the mental health crisis. And she was talking about the mental health crisis, like before I had ever heard anybody talk about it.


And she was like, I want to do something about that. And so she got her bachelor's and her master's in psychology. She had gotten accepted into a Navy program to get a PhD to become an actual therapist. And she wanted to work on the, the mental health crisis that we're having right now. But catch 22, the, when the Navy picks up people for those programs, it's a commissioning program. So they hold you to a session standards as if you just came off the street as opposed to retention standards. Retention standards have some flexibility in the medical side. 'cause like if you're fit and if you have a record of good service, like they'll keep you in the military. If you're a kid just coming off the street, they wanna make sure they're, they're gonna get their money's worth. So the medical standards are actually a little bit higher.


Shannon had had cancer when I was in Iraq on, when I was in Iraq, the, when time she had thyroid cancer, she had it cut out, returned to duty. She didn't even tell me about it until after it was cut out. Yeah. She's like, sent me a text of like, this stitch across her throat. She's like, I had a little bit of cancer cut out. I'm like, what? Like, do I need to come home? Like, what's wrong? She's like, nah, I took it. That's fine. Cancer free return to duty. You know, she's back to working out and, and leading her, her sailors up there at the NSA and she applies for this program. They're like, well you previously had cancer, so you're in, even though she was accepted academically into the program, they, they shot her down and they wouldn't let her commission and, and go to the psych, the psych program.


So she ends up, that's how she ended up going on her, her fifth and final deployment. So she was looking responsibly and, and looking for a, an off ramp from the, the deployment lifestyle. Before we move into her deployment, I, I want to, I want to talk to you about moving from the unit that you were in. You retired from that. Yeah. Cross deck over to CIA as a ground branch, PMCO. What was your impression of the agency after coming from that? From the previous unit? I think I had a pretty good picture 'cause I'd worked around the agency so much. Just doing the things I did in Special, Forces and then in the unit.


And I had, I had been to the farm already, So I had been deeply immersed in the, in the agency while I was there. You know, I I I have a lot of like the CIA treats. Its people really well, like the military are kind of a number almost all the time. But the agency, they, they treat their people I think they I, think they realize they're gonna invest a lot in folks and they have a lot of talented people. And they, they do treat them very, very well. Obviously the agencies, it's a little bit softer than the military. A little more touchy feely, a little bit more corporate hr. So, you know, in processing at, at the big agency, it's sort of like don don't know, dealing with the big army, the big Navy, you're kinda like, all right, well, you know, this is sort of bureaucratic and a little bit more touchy feely.


But I had worked enough of Ground Branch to know that that was exactly where I wanted to be. 'cause that's, you know, those are the guys that do do covert action. Like those are the dudes that are actually doing the most dangerous things that, that the agency does. And So I knew that's where I wanted to be. And so ground branch's tiny within the agency. But you go there and it's like, this is where every legendary dude goes to continue their career after they already had a legendary career. So like, I go in there and, you know, there's, there's guys that were, you know, fighting back in the eighties and the nineties and covert Dirty Wars. You know, there's still some old Vietnam veterans running around that are still there doing something at some capacity.


The guy that ran our, you know, shooting package, which was part of the, the selection was a Mogadishu guy. I mean, like, it, it's just, you walk in there and it's just like, holy crap man. Like I've made it And, I'm around Absolute legends. You Were more impressed with Ground Branch at CIA than you were with the previous unit? It's hard to say in, in terms of like intelligence and aptitude. The previous unit that I was coming from, that unit recruits from such a small pool of special operators and they're looking for such, such a unique thing that you get some really, really smart people there and, and just really unique. And then Ground Branch is bringing in, they're bringing in a lot of the, the smart guys as well.


And a lot of people that gravitate more towards the Intel side. But because ground branch's mission had been so kinetic, especially in Afghanistan and Iraq, they had brought in a ton of just hard men who loved to fight. Like guys who literally, like these are the dudes who didn't get enough action in Delta Seal Team six, the rest of the, the flavor of of special operations probably had a full career there. Or they left because they weren't getting enough action and they wanted to go to a place where they could literally do nothing else. But fo especially on the contractor side, the guys that are gonna, were gonna be contractors. I mean, they were there specifically to, to run indigenous forces and to get into gunfights and, and to kill bad dudes.


So it was, it wasn't as specialized as what I had in my, in my previous unit, but it, to me it was just like, this is where the guys, the guys who were 100% gonna run towards the sound of the guns, you know, everywhere I'd been in the military guys would run towards the sound of the guns. But here you had guys that had already had a full career somewhere else that were like, yeah, I know I'm in my mid my mid forties, but I'm still here to get it on. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Up until their 60 or so. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. Alright. Back to Shannon. Yeah. Let's go under her deployment. Yeah. Her, her, her last one. Yes. Yeah. So when the, the psych thing, when we find out that's not gonna work out 'cause we thought that was kind of our off ramp.


I was gonna go to Ground Branch and continue on in my career and she was gonna be a psych stay at home with the kids, gonna be much more stable. We kind of had to adjust really quick because she knew that a, a deployment was coming up for her, for her element that she was a part of. And she hadn't deployed for a couple years because like, because we were having kids. So, you know, she was like, well, it's not exactly what I wanted, but my number came up. And you know, we had a lot of spirited conversations about this. 'cause I was just like, I was torn. 'cause I was like, yeah, I get it. I mean, this is your job, but at the same time, now you're a mom. And, I don't, I don't want you to go overseas. And I, I knew she didn't want to either. And she was like, like, don don't, don don't want to go either, but this is what I do for a living.


I'm not gonna just get out of the deployment. She's like, how many? She's like, you've deployed three times as a dad. She's like, every time I've deployed, half the guys have been fathers. You know, she knew women that had deployed as mothers. She's like, well, I'm not, I'm not special. I'm here to do my job like everybody else, I, they needed me to go, I'm gonna go. And when she put it that way, as much as I didn't want to hear it, I was like, okay, yeah, that's, that's who we are. So she ended up deploying in just after Thanksgiving in 2018, November, 2018. So she goes to Iraq initially, and then she gets pushed into Syria shortly after that. Her, her, the task force that she's a part of, like, they take away the, they they take out and they liberate the last village that ISIS controlled.


So now in Syria and Iraq, ISIS controls no more ground. And so it looks like it's more or less over that, you know, we're two and a half years into the Trump administration and Trump gives the announcement says we're, we're getting outta Syria now. Like, this is what I ran on. We're gonna pull our troops outta Syria. And I had already noticed something that really bothered me. I was early on, you know, Trump supporter going back to 2016 when he went after Jeb Bush on the debate stage about how Iraq was a big mistake. I was just blown, I was blown away by the common sense. I was like, yeah, he's, he's saying what we've been seeing for two decades. And once he got in, what I noticed was initially because Obama had screwed things up so bad with Isis, the way that ISIS had taken over multiple countries.


And Trump said like, we're not gonna tolerate that. We're gonna go crush these dudes. The military. And the, the intelligence apparatus initially liked Trump because he took the gloves off and he let us actually do our job. The second Trump said, I wanna start pulling troops out. It was like a night and day shift. I mean, I, I was seeing, 'cause I had just, you know, unprocessed over at the, the agency and there's the mid-level people there that are like, yeah, we're not gonna do that. I'm like, that's not gonna happen. It's like, I'm like, whoa, stop. I'm confused. I came in the army under Bill Clinton in 1998, served for every other president. The oath I took says that we obey that guy unless what he's saying is unconstitutional and all he's doing is is saying we're gonna pull troops out. Like I ran on.


And also for me, I was just like, when when do you say this is over? Like, 'cause if we keep doing this whole like move the goalposts on when we've, you know, reached our objective, then we'll be here in forever. And that's what we're seeing now. but I, I had a sick feeling. I was like, man, something's not right. Like, they're gonna leave these guys there. And sure enough, Shannon was like, yeah, we're, because we could communicate openly on, on systems. 'cause we were both, you know, had clearances and all that. So I could go into work and we could talk on chat and, and she was like, yo, we're supposed to be outta here. Christmas Eve 2018. We're supposed to pull out. And then I'm reading the, the message traffic, you know, from her task force and seeing everything else. And it's like, no, these guys are trying to justify their existence.


'cause Mattis resigns, McGirk resigns. There's a bunch of confusion at the, the senior level. So then there's even more confusion downstream. And there's a bunch of people saying, well now we need to justify our reason for staying here. And so that's horrible guidance to give to people, to give to commanders. 'cause then you're gonna put out, you're gonna put people out in harm's way. I found any real clear cut objective. They were still trying to run down the location of where Baghdadi was. That was the, the big target they were chasing. But they should have been outta there Christmas Eve of, of 2018. The president shouldn't have been disobeyed So I. I was really frustrated watching that. And I'm talking back and forth with Shannon during this entire time, you know, and one of the last conversations we had, I was like, don't be the last person to die in a conflict in a war that our entire country's already forgotten about.


You know? So it was, I I was surprised when she got killed. But at the same time it was kinda like watching a, a train wreck in slow motion. It was like once, once the order to withdraw was given and there was all that downstream confusion in the mid to senior levels. That's when I knew something. This, this wasn't gonna turn out good. This was, this was gonna be a chaotic end. Where were you when she was killed? So I actually was on my first deployment with the agency. So I was in a, in a, in a war zone somewhere in the Middle East, So, I.


I had selfishly decided that I was going to do a quick trip while I was, while Shannon was deployed. So my parents came and watched the kids. And I was eager to go be a paramilitary operations officer. And So I, I did my, my first deployment and So. I was, I was down range when, when she was killed. Shit. Yeah. How did you find out? I, I had a very atypical notification. There was no like, knock on the door or anything. I, I had been out doing an operation myself. Nothing kinetic or anything, but I was out in harm's way, kind of like Shannon was when she got killed. I got back to back to the base and my immediate supervisor, my boss over there was a guy I was on a, on a team with for years.


Had known this guy for 15 plus years. And I get back into the office and he asks everybody to leave, leave the room so that me and him can talk And. I'm like, crap, did I screw something up already? And he was just like, Hey man, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna tell you everything I know and we don't know everything right now. He's like, but there's been a, a suicide bombing in Manbij. Four Americans dead, two of 'em are females. Do you know where Shannon is? And I knew exactly where she was. I knew she was in Manbij, So I was like, fuck, she's, she's there, she's in Manbij. There's not a lot of women in our profession. There's a couple, not a lot. And So I already knew then that the odds weren't good. so we spent the next hour trying to get ahold of the task force there in Syria to get confirmation.


And we got confirmation within, within an hour or so. And then I had to make the decision. 'cause I knew, I knew it was taking place back at home. I I, I knew that they were gonna have to notify Shannon's parents. I knew they were probably looking for me too. So I had to call her command back at home and say, Hey, I, I've been notified. Don't bother going to my house. 'cause there's, there's nobody there. but I made the decision that I wanted to be the person to tell Shannon's parents as opposed to just somebody randomly locking on the door. So I called from the Middle East. I called Shannon's dad. I couldn't get ahold of him. And then I called Shannon's mom and had to tell her that, that Shannon was killed, Man.


Yeah. Yeah. Worst, worst phone call I've ever had to make. How did your kids find out? When I came home, I told them they were one in three when she was killed. So really, you know, I i I don't know if they ever fully wrapped their heads around it. I actually went and talked to a child psychologist pretty early on, like what do I do? Like how do you explain this to a one and a 3-year-old? You know? And so they gave me some, some I think it I think it was helpful guidance, you know, on just kind of how to handle it.


But it's, yeah, it, it, it's something that we still, still talk about. I mean, I think my, my kids have had unfortunately more exposure to like, to death and reality than, than most most adults have. What did the psychologist tell you? So it was interesting that the psychologist said to be as blunt and forthright as you could, like they said. Definitely, yeah. I'm, I'm a Christian. Faith is strong. You know, they said it's okay to say, you know, mama's in heaven, it's okay to say that. But they said if you start dancing around the topic of death, It's really confusing for kids. So they, they explained to me, and this was actually really helpful 'cause it's part of like our vernacular when you, when you talk about death with adults, you say passed away are not no longer with us.


And that's really confusing for kids to hear because what is passed passed away, what does that even mean? And no longer with us, does that mean they just walked out of the room? You know, there's this innuendo that they're gonna come back. So that was what the psychologist said, like you, he's like, as painful as it is and it, it was, it still is to talk to my kids about it. 'cause it's like you have to just say that she's dead, you know? And as they get older you can explain to them how she died. But they said if, if you're, if there's any ambiguity in it, it really can confuse the kids. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Do you wanna talk about how she was killed? Yeah.


So she was, she was killed by a suicide bomber. She was in Manbij doing an intelligence operation kind of piggybacking with the Special Forces team that was out there. So they were at a I think a fairly well-known portion of man bitch I'd never been to man, bitch myself. But a, a fairly well-known area in the city center. And it's one of those things where you gotta be lucky every time you roll the dice and the male has to be lucky once, I mean, I think that Isis had suicide bombers in that area 'cause they knew Americans were in that area. And so her and Scott Wortz, former Seal and John Farmer and Goodyear ta, the Syrian American linguist were kind of standing in an area right before they got in their vehicles and it's on the streets.


There's, you know, people walking around and, and all that. So it's sort of permissive but not fully permissive environment. And a suicide bomber came up to them and detonated himself, killed the four of them. And wounded quite a few more. Scotty was a, Scotty was a good friend of mine. Was he really? He was. Oh Wow. Yeah, Man, Shannon really, really had a lot of respect for him. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry man. Yeah. Thanks man. How do you recover from that? I mean, it's an ongoing process. You know, I, for me, if I wouldn't have had kids, I, I I think things could have gotten pretty bad.


But having kids, I, I view that as that's gotta be your primary mission regardless of how you, you feel like, so for me, I, right after SHA was killed, I'm, I'm in a foreign country. I had been outside the wire that day, like the enemy could have really gotten lucky that day and made my kids orphans, So I. I, I felt very guilty being over there. I was like, this is pretty selfish of me to, to be doing this and leaving my kids at home while my wife was deployed whatever sense of duty and, and nobility I had was kind of like, kind of was was a little disgusted of myself for feeling that way. And I was like, I need to focus on my kids.


I need to not be here anymore. I need to get home and, and be there for them. And so since she was killed, that's kind of been my, my mentality. Like, you gotta put them first. 'cause it's, it's hard. I mean, it, it's one of those things I think, especially having a, I guess a problem solver type of mind, you always wanna look for the solution. And with death there isn't one you, you can't do anything about that that person's dead and you And you can't bring them back. All you can do is honor them, honor their legacy and, and try and move forward. But it's been hard, man. I mean, I, I'm, I'm really lucky that I have a supportive family. I mean, my, my folks have been great.


Shannon's parents, Shannon's sister been great. So it, it's, it's really a matter of just putting them first and, and trying to live the best life for them. You know, just talking to, reading a lot about how kids process grief, especially that young, like it's, it's traumatic for them, but they're young enough that if, if you keep their environment steady and stable, like it's not as catastrophic as it as it could be for kids that are a little bit older based on everything I read. So that, that was my goal was to make things as, as normal and stable for them as I possibly could. And I think that helped me kind of compartmentalize a lot of my own grief and my own guilt to move forward.


Man. Do you have any advice for somebody that's that's that's lost the mother to their kids to Yeah, I mean, it, it's hard. And I, it never gets any, I mean it never gets any easier. It's just different. I mean there's a lot of, a lot of people have a lot of different sayings about grief, like, you know, it gets easier of time. I don't know if any of that's true I think it's a really deeply personal thing. 'cause I've talked to a lot of gold star, you know, spouses gold star kids and, and it's almost a little bit different for everybody. but I I do really believe that if you have kids, like your, your job now is you, you've kind of gotta do the responsibilities of two parents in one and, and provide that stable environment for your kids because that's what your, your deceased spouse of.


That's what your, your late wife would want. She'd want the best for the kids. She would want them to be in a stable and loving environment. So I think making that your main mission and then honoring them, you know, like talk about, talk about their mother, talk about, you know, everything that she did. Like we, we do that with Shannon. We have her, her pictures are up in the house and you know, we celebrate her birthday and you know, talk about what her favorite foods were, that type of stuff. And, you know, memories that we had just to make it, you know, part of our everyday rituals to, to keep her memory and spirit alive. Let's take a break. Yeah.


I wanna give a big Thank you out right now to all the Vigilance Elite patrons out there that are watching the show right now. Just wanna say Thank, you guys, you are our top supporters and you're what makes this show actually happen. If you're not on vigilance lead Patreon, I want to tell you a little bit about what's going on in there. so we do a little bit of everything. There's plenty of behind the scenes content from the actual Sean Ryan show on top of that, basically what I do is I take a lot of the questions that I get from you guys or the patrons and then I turn 'em into videos. so we get, right now there's a lot of concern about self-defense, home defense crimes on the rise all throughout the country, actually all throughout the world. And so we talk about everything from how to prep your home, how to clear your home, how to get familiar with a firearm, both rifle and pistol for beginners and advanced. We talk about mindset, we talk about defensive driving. We have an end of the month live chat that I'm on at the end of every month where we can talk about whatever topics you guys have. It's actually done on Zoom. You might enjoy it, check it out. And if zoom's not your thing or you don't like live chats, like I said, there's a library of well over a hundred videos on where to start with prepping all the firearm stuff. Pretty much anything you can think of, it's on there. So anyways, go to www dot Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite or just go in the link in the description. It'll take you right there. And if you don't want to and you just want to continue to watch the show, that's fine too. I appreciate it. Either way. Love you all. Let's get back to the show.


Thank you, Thank you for listening to the Sean Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you, let's get back to the show. All right, Joe, we're back from the break and man, that's some heavy stuff and So I want to talk about now what life, I mean, everything has just been flipped upside down.


Yeah. Love of your life is, is gone. You've got two kids, obviously you can't deploy anymore. Yeah. You left the agency. Yeah. I mean, how do you even, I mean, where do you go? Yeah, So I, I knew I needed to fully resign and, and just leave that environment. The agency was really good to me. I mean they, they said, Hey, if you want to have a an admin desk job here, just tell us what you wanna do and we'll do it. And so they gave me a bunch of different options, very generous with 'em. Gave me a lot of time. And I. I was honest enough with myself at that point, And I was like, no, if I, if I keep a foot in the door, I'll find a way six months, a year from now, I'll find a reason why I can go do, you know, one trip here, one trip there, So I.


I knew I needed to completely remove myself from that and just kind of get out of, we were living in the DC area, in the DC area, I. Think if you're a workaholic, like that's where you go get your fix. You know, that's like the Las Vegas of workaholics, So, I wa I, I wanted to get outta that environment and get my kids closer to my family back home. So that was my, my initial like 50 meter targets. Let, let's get out the, let's resign fully from the agency, let's get the kids back home closer to my parents and I'll figure it out from there. And that was kind of the, kind of the general plan. And so that's what we did. We moved back, I bought a house just kind of down the street from where my folks lived in Portland initially, just to, to have that stability.


And then, like we talked about before, 2020 kind of happens. I'm really, really blessed though. I mean, to have my, my parents really step in like that. They were supporting me my entire time in the military. And then to have them just down the street providing that love and care for the boys. And then a year after we lost Shannon, I met my wife Heather, and she really just stepped in there. I mean really, God really put her, you know, in our life and, you know, be, she stepped up as a mom to the kids and really helped me, you know, heal. And so that was, that was the first year, year and a half. Obviously the country kind of fell apart as we were rebuilding our family, which, you know, kind of gave me a, a new mission.


But, but yeah, it's really just one step, one step at a time. And, I always say to myself, Hey, as long as the kids are adjusted and, and, and happy and healthy and thriving, then, then I'm doing what, what I'm supposed to be doing. How Are the kids doing today? They're doing really good, man. They're doing really good. I mean, Heather stepped in really early on as their mom. We moved years ago. We moved way outta Portland. We're kind of out in the, out out in the middle of nowhere. Very, very small town on five acres. Great community, great church. We go to, we're homeschooling. So my wife teaches them three days a week and then they go to homeschool, basically a homeschool a commune type of thing.


And so my wife will teach the older kids and another mom will teach the younger kids. So we've got them in a, in a great stable community and they're, they're really thriving. Good for them, man. Yeah, I'm happy to hear that. Yeah, I'm happy to hear that. Yeah. Did they ask a lot of questions about Shannon? Initially? They did. Not as much. Now, And, I, I think some of that will kind of change as they get older. I think kids will ask 'em more questions like, 'cause kids just ask questions initially. They, they, their questions would really catch me off guard. I mean, there's times where, you know, we'd be talking about something completely different and, and my oldest son, Colt, when he was, you know, four or five would, you know, talk about like, well, can mama see us from heaven?


And like, you know, just, you know, I had a dream about Mama last night and just, you know, random, random things like that that really, you know, you, you can't be prepared for. But I was always the, the advice I got from the child psychologist was good. I mean, be upfront and honest and you know, they, they at least understand generally what happened. I mean they, they, they haven't asked any details yet about like how she was killed, but they know she was killed fighting, you know, bad guys overseas. So they know that much. And so that's a big reason why I wanted to write the book was so as they get older they can have something that they can, they can read on their own. 'cause at this point I think they've heard my stories about their mom and it's important to keep telling those stories.


but I I think at some point they're gonna want to have their own source of information. So, I want the book. I wanted to write the book. So they have an opportunity to get to know their mom and so they can kind of understand who she was and they can consume that independently of, of having to ask me or, or listen to stories from, from relatives. Yeah. Makes a lot of sense. Yeah, I'm sure that's gonna mean a lot to them. Yeah. But how did you, I mean, how did, how did you get through all this? Was there any time for you to grief, to get to, to process? Yeah, having my family really close by really, really, really helped.


And then, you know, being grounded in faith, it, it's hard. 'cause sometimes I felt like it's different for everybody, but I, I never wanted to be somebody who dwelled because I, I've seen a lot of people just dwell in the pain and it's easy to do. I mean, I I think there's a part of us that wants to dwell and there's a fine line between I think dwelling in the pain and maybe moving forward too quick and pretending that it doesn't exist and, and just compartmentalizing it, which I think our type of people, like, we're pretty good at doing that. So it, it was hard to find that balance for me. You know, there definitely a lot of days where I'll still have bad days too, where it's just like, man, I do feel really, really guilty.


And like, why did she get killed? And, I didn't get killed. You know, those, those questions that have no answers. But, I would always try and really just focus on, on the kids and saying, Hey, like, you don't, you can't, you can't dwell on this because this is, this is bigger than you this is the kids. And, and also at the end of the day, what would Shannon want me to do? I mean, she would not want me to be a, a mourning train wreck, you know, perpetually dwelling in the sorrow. She would want us to move forward. She would want the kids to be happy and to be healthy. But that's hard. I mean, that's easier said than done. I, I I think, and even before, you know, before Shannon lost other friends, and it's like, I know in my logical brain that they would want me to move forward, live the best life possible.


But there still is that, that guilt that's with you all the time, you know of why them and not me. What, you know, what, what does it all, what does it all mean? So yeah, I, I really just try and focus on the kids and stayed grounded in faith. How's your faith helped Man? Without it you'd be, without it I'd be lost. I mean, 'cause without it, everything is just like a bunch of random chaos and there is no reason, and it's almost sick and cruel. But I think being grounded in faith and understanding that, that God has a plan for everything I think that's really important. And understanding that there's, there's evil out there and that's why she got killed. And we're constantly at war with evil here on this world.


But understanding that the last time I saw Shannon won't be the last time I'll see Shannon or anybody that we've lost I. think that's I. think that's pretty key. Without that don don't know. don don't know where I'd be I think I, I I think that, I feel sorry for the people that don't have faith because to the world, to them it's just, just chaotic, you know, know. But having the, having the, the foundation of, of that faith is, is essential. Have you always had that or did that come after That? You know, I was born into it I think my family pretty consistently. I very, very solid Christian family. And So I was raised with it. And so I've never strayed too far from it.


I mean, I definitely have had times in my life where I probably wasn't the best Christian, especially in, you know, younger team days or whatever. but I, I always, it was always a framework for me, you know, like that was the truth, you know, that that's what I believed to be the truth. So I, it's always been there with me. but I had to get a, a lot more reflective and a lot more serious about it. I think once, once Shannon was gone, it, it, it just seemed to be something that was much more anchoring once, once we lost Shannon than it had been before. Well, let's, let's move on.


So now you've got a career in politics. Yeah. Hopefully. Hopefully for you working on it. Yeah. How did that come on your radar? I mean, what, what motivated you Yeah. To subject yourself to that kind of scrutiny to that? I mean, Yeah, It's a whole nother animal. It's, it's ugly. And, I. I don't know. I like to think I still would've jumped into it the way I did if I would've known how ugly gets, but sometimes it's like, it's probably not best to, to analyze the ramp of the airplane you're jumping off of. It's better just to jump into it. It, I really got into, to speaking out publicly after Shannon was killed.


'cause I mean, I, I explained to you the lead up to her getting killed and, and watching what happened within the Trump administration. So I. I got an opportunity to meet President Trump at Dover when I was waiting to receive Shannon's remains And I. I personally, I, I thought that Trump was just gonna come and, you know, shake our hands and say he was sorry and, you know, kind of check the box. but I actually gotta spend 10, 15 minutes just me and him in a room like this talking And I, you know, basically told him what I, what we talked about before. I was just like, Hey, you, your gut instincts are correct. Like, you don't know who I am. At the time I had like, hair down on my shoulders and a crazy beard and So I probably looked like a crazy person, but I was like, I'm one of your CIA guys.


I think initially I actually messed up And I. And he asked me what I did, and it just rolled off my tongue. And I was like, I work for the State Department. Even Trump was like, you don't look like a guy who works for the State Department. So But I, I wanted to tell him, I was like, look, I've been doing this really since this thing started. And like, your instincts are, are, are right. You're just being thwarted at the mid to senior levels, you know? And in a way that I, I find rather alarming. And, you know, he had just lost his secretary, secretary defense and just resigned So I personally didn't think I was telling him anything that he didn't already know. I kind of thought he was just humoring me, which I appreciated. I also appreciated that he met with us all individually. There was four families there. And Trump spent 10, 15 minutes with, with each family.


And it wasn't scripted. The Secret Service didn't even really scream me like I was in a room, and next thing you know, Trump walks around the corner and it was just us together for 10, 15 minutes. And, you know, he, he gets portrayed a certain way in the media as being, you know, crass and kind of cold-blooded. But with Trump and the questions he was asking me and just the reaction that he was having to being there at Dover, I, I really felt like he's a guy who did not like the fact that people died under his watch. Like he felt responsible. 'cause I, I, you know, you've probably been around a lot of leaders too in combat, and there's kind of one or two routes they can go, they can stay connected with, with, with the feelings.


The fact that we're losing people or they can kind of become, you know, very cold-blooded about it and, and make wall themselves off in a way that it doesn't even affect them. Like, maybe they'll think, oh, does this affect my, you know, my, my politics does this affect my evaluation report? But with Trump, I saw somebody who legitimately, he did not like the fact that we were losing people, you know, in Syria and So I. I thought that interaction was that, and that'd be the end of it. But a couple weeks later, I, I actually got a call from, you know, some guys on his team and, and they said, Hey, we don't know what you said to the boss, but he wants to hear more of what you had to say. Will you come out and, and chat with us? So, got to go back out to dc met with Jared Kushner and a couple other folks there, you know, wrote a couple like what?


Like, they're like, what are your recommendations? And So I wrote like a white paper essentially on, you know, what I thought essentially about the, the status of the war on terror at the time. Like, we need to be getting the heck outta here. Like Trump's instincts are, right? Like, don't, don't listen to all the so-called experts. So kinda established that relationship with them. And then the, the 2020 campaign was ramping up So I did some stuff for the Trump 2020 campaign. And then I got another call, went back out to DC and they were like, Hey, Kushner and his team were like, Hey, if we offer you a job in the second Trump administration, would you come work here? And I was like, did not expect that, you know, 'cause usually the, the guys that go and work at the White House or whatever, you're talking colonels and generals and you know, that, that cast of people and, but I have a mentality, Hey, if you, you can serve your country and your country calls, like if you can do it, you should do it.


And So I said, yeah, if you guys wanna hear what I have to say, I let, let me help, I'd, I'd be honored to So I was gonna go work somewhere, you know, maybe back in the IC or, or maybe at the NSC, then the election went the way that it did. but I was already, you know, pretty vocal on speaking out. And that's right after that, that's when my congresswoman decided to vote for Trump's impeachment. So to me, It just felt like it still feels this way to me. I mean, it really feels like we're losing the country and as don don't think it's just you man. Yeah. I think there's a lot of us. And as much as I would like to just focus on me and just focus on the kids and, and kinda live my life, I, I, I just really fear, I fear a future where our kids are young adults and they look at us like, what the hell were you guys doing when the country was burning down?


Like, you know, if, if they're still history books, if we get to that point, these guys are gonna, you know, our kids are gonna look at us and be like, this country was once great. That's why you guys went and fought. Right? But now look at it, you know, and now it's barely, and you know, if, if this, if we keep going this trajectory, our kids are gonna be like, this isn't worth fighting for. Like, we have to scrap the entire thing. So I think we've got a small window right now where we, we've gotta put our aspirations and desires and individually kind of on hold and, and go fight for the country because the political class that's been driving the decisions has gotten us to this point. And, and we've gotta change that. We had some conversations at breakfast about some of the stuff that was going on in your hometown.


Yeah, Portland. Yeah. Around the 2020 timeframe. Would you like to, would you like to go into any of that? Yeah, I mean, the media covered, they covered the assaults on the, on the courthouse, which were pretty dramatic. But what they didn't cover was how long those riots went on for. I mean, the rioting in Portland went all throughout the summer in 2020, basically right up to the election like that. When, when the, when it started getting, when the weather started getting, you know, rainy and gloomy, like the media just stopped covering. But the riots continued. I mean that, that, that courthouse down there was under siege. Antifa was moving into a lot of the residential neighborhoods and just, you know, harassing people, assaulting people, vandalizing property.


But it was very much, to me, the way I interpreted all of it was it was a power play. I mean, 'cause if you're gonna continue to dominate terrain and you're gonna expand your area of influence, and you're going to basically get up in the face of law enforcement and make them retreat, that's not just random protests, that's not just random violence. Like that actually has a strategy behind it. Like you're trying to hold ground. To me, it felt very much like what we saw in the early phases of the Iraq war when there was no central authority. 'cause we had taken out Saddam and there was essentially all these different competing sex and gangs and, you know, groups of individuals that were banding together and competing for power. And to me, Antifa, black block, whatever you wanna call it, like, they, they were the power brokers.


And with this last round of Hamas protests, like, they reared their head again, they took over the campus of Portland State University, they burned down and, you know, conducted explosives attacks against Portland police officers cars. And so like, it, it hasn't gone away. It, it's one of those things where we, we know it all too well, if you don't confront this, it's not just gonna go away on its own. It, it, it might go into a more nascent phase for a little bit, but it's gonna pop back up. And that, and that's what we're seeing here. And to me, that was a big wake up call. I was like, man, the country's really changed. 'cause I was just so focused on the war for most of my adult life that I, I hadn't really followed a, a ton of like domestic politics. But just seeing that erosion of law and order, it was a huge wake up call to me.


I mean, it's so, it's still bad over there. It's still bad. Yes. 2020 really drove a lot of the, the, the business out of Portland, which is a tragedy onto itself because Portland was experiencing a pretty big boom. 'cause a lot of the, the tech Babbel that was leaving, you know, Silicon Valley was finding its way up, up to Portland. And there was a lot of great companies that were headquartered there. But the, the riots drove a ton of them out. I mean like Nike, REI, Columbia Sportswear, a bunch of them just quietly leaving. And they had like their flagship stores down there. And then there's a bunch of other smaller businesses too that are leaving. And so, you know, that void gets filled by the homelessness. And that, and that homeless element now is, you know, heavily addicted to fentanyl.


And then these last, you know, the Hama riots, they've taken over ground. They've had their little autonomous zones they've kicked the police out of. So it it's still ongoing. And I, what I I think people should really be concerned with, it's the economic downturn. It's, it's the money leaving the town. Because then you're gonna have essentially a, just a shell of a city that people don't want to invest in. And they're not gonna wanna invest in it until law and order is restored. But you've got this weird culture in Portland and a lot of blue cities where nobody wants to say, Hey, we need to restore a law and order. Like we can't have nightly riots. We can't have vagrant on the street that are high on fentanyl, you know, swinging es and Change. Well, why don't they, I mean, what, why don't they wanna say it?


They just leave. Yeah. I, I mean, I think at the, at the, the top levels I think that they wield power and they can influence people that if you speak up and you say you're against this, they'll automatically turn that, that that media apparatus against you to say that you're like a horrible, hateful bigot, you know, whatever, et cetera, et cetera. And then I do think there is a lot of people who've just been, for lack of a better term, indoctrinated in the education system that think like, no, this is compassion. It, it's compassionate and right for us to let the homeless people just do whatever they want on the streets because they're homeless. We have to let them And I, I'm a compassionate person. Who am I to say you can't do this here? And the same thing like Antifa and mainly Antifa, they use the rhetoric of social justice.


So if you're against Antifa, what are you pro fascist? You know? And I think that, as dumb as that sounds to us, 'cause we've seen propaganda before that does neutralize a lot of people. That makes it so a lot of people just won't speak up. 'cause they're like, oh wait, no, no, I'm, I'm against the fascist, the fascists. Are they really bad? Well, of course the fascists, the bad people, like you're playing their game if you're gonna let them dominate language. But they've been able to dominate language for so long through the media that they can essentially suppress the, the, the desire to have any kind of law and order with their narrative. And that's, that's really what I saw happen in Portland. It's happened in Seattle as well. And, and there's probably other cities that are like that, that are essentially committing suicide in slow motion because nobody wants to say like, Hey, this is poison and it's destroying our city.


'cause they don't wanna be called a hateful mean bigot. They don't, they don't wanna be aligned with someone who's far right, you know, who says we should have law and order. I, I'd like to think some of the tide is changing. I mean, Portland just had a, a primary election where a I think normal Democrat da beat out the Soros da who was one of the main architects of just letting the lawlessness take place. 'cause it's hard enough for police officers to arrest people in Portland. But the few arrests they could make, like the DA would turn 'em all loose. I mean like if you talk to Portland police officers, most of them would tell you like they know who the Antifa guys are. They know who the leaders are, they know how they communicate. They've got the entire network mapped out.


Like we would down range. But what's it matter? You go and you arrest these guys and they get right back out 'cause the da. So maybe the the, the change in the DA leadership will start to slowly change some of that. I just I think with how much business is left the city I think it might be a little bit too late. I just, I just, I can, I can't wrap my head around how this can continue to go on and, and And I mean who the hell is for this shit that lives there? I think you there everybody, there are some very, is It everybody? It keeps it's been going for how long? Yeah, four years now. Yeah. And they're just what keep, they keep putting the same shit back in.


Yeah. Very affluent people that aren't affected by this, that that their businesses don't depend on their being basic law and order that can live in a gated community and send their kids to private school. They're the ones that are all for this. You know, just like our, our tech overlords, like their kids don't have screens, but they're okay with giving our kids digital, you know, poison. I Mean, how do they keep these people out of the, out of the gated communities, Private security. But what Private cops can't do anything but private Security can Private, yeah, private. But the private security business in Portland and Seattle, it's booming right now because anybody who wants to stay in the city and has access to and can afford it for hiring private security to basically do to, to do what the cops used to do based on the, but they've, they've tied the police officers hands behind their backs based on the way they vote.


So now they just hire private security. They can still virtue signal. Maybe they make their money that's somewhere not directly tied to there being law and order in the city. And because of the money and the influence, these guys are able to basically control the politics of the, of the city. And I think that's, that's true in Portland's true in Seattle in a lot of major cities right now. Holy shit, I think I, I hope with that, that DA election, that was, I was surprised to see Da Schmidt got got tossed out. So hopefully this next guy, I mean the bar is pretty low. All this guy has to do is basically prosecute some criminals and that'll send a message. but I, I I, I personally think just 'cause of all the money that's left there, it's gonna be a while before they get those cities back on track.


'cause who's gonna want to invest in a city that's been ravaged, you know, by lawlessness for four plus years. What does it look like walking through Portland now is the entire city like this? They'll clean up pockets every now and again to make 'em look decent, which means they'll kind of move the homeless people from one area to another. But it's kind of zombie land. I mean, Portland used to be a, a great, I mean, going out and, and doing a restaurant brewery type of tour. It was a, it was a, a dining, dining out in a, in a drinking town, you know, so there there used to be a lot of great restaurants and bars and those types of things to go to. And there used to be really vibrant culture down there. But if you go out at like prime happy hour dinnertime nowadays in like the Pearl District of, of Portland, like it's, it's fentanyl, zombie land, you know, there's a, there's a, there's a shell there of what used to be Portland where some of the restaurants and you know, Powell's books is still there, but it's just not, not at all what it used to be.


And right on the other side of the river where I live now, Vancouver is kind of Portland sister city on the Washington side. And, and the whole Portland saying used to be keep Portland weird. Vancouver saying was always keep Vancouver normal. But we're getting, we're getting a lot of bleed over from Van, from from Portland into Vancouver. And now we've got Democrats like the woman I'm running against that are trying to put light rail on the bridge that connects Oregon and Washington. So basically taking light rail and putting all the Portland's problems on a light rail car and jetting it across into downtown Vancouver. So it's, it's not contained to Portland. It's spreads, spreads up and down the i five corridor everywhere. What's the, what's the pulse of the, the people in Vancouver when it comes to that railway?


So every time it's been on the ballot's gotten shot down. So the citizens of Clark County Vancouver have rejected it three different times for obvious reasons. So what the Democrats have done is they basically attached federal grant money to it. And so now in order to get some basic safety repairs to the bridge, which, which the bridge needs, we actually need another bridge 'cause of the, the population growth. But they've attached federal grant money. And so now the federal grant money has a stipulation of light rail on it. Yeah, maybe you should just knock the bridge down. So they're just shot, I mean they're just shotgun it through. And they're also talking about putting tolls. It's a whole different story, but they're putting tolls on there and there's a lot of folks, 'cause Washington doesn't have an income tax for a while. A lot of people who lived in Washington, they worked in Portland.


And so if Oregon puts tolls on there, it dis disproportionately targets Washingtonians between that and the light rail. It's like, so we're gonna get all of Portland's problems, but in order to go have people work in Portland, we're gonna have to pay tolls. Like it's, it's insane. And again, you've got us fighting over table scraps to get basic repairs to the bridge or to get a new bridge, you know, and our representatives will come back and be like, look, we got a couple million dollars here and there for it, but we can't fix the bridge. But maybe you'll get light rail. But then meanwhile they'll send a hundred billion dollars overseas. Yeah. But we don't have enough money to fix our bridge. Like, it's just where are the priorities. Yeah. What are, what are some of your other priorities running for congress? The border's massive man. And we, we feel it, especially even though geographically we're far away from the border, but we're right up the I five corridor.


I've been down to the border twice. I went to Yuma in 2021 to right when the invasion first started, right after Biden opened the border up. I thought that was bad. I just went to San Diego about two months ago. Went out there by Yaku, hot Springs, San Diego Ciro area. And that was insanity. 'cause if you go out to where the, the wall stops, you'll just witness a, a sea of humanity come across the border. And the vast majority of these people are not Hispanic. They are not our neighbors. Mostly Chinese nationals. A ton of folks from the Middle East coming across the border and then talking to law enforcement in my district and down there, the amount of fentanyl that's getting pumped through, like pretty much every event I go to, like I do a lot of town halls and every town hall i I, I do in the district, I'll have somebody come up to me and tell me about how they've lost a loved one to Fentanyl.


And these are not crew drug addicts. These aren't people who like, you know, got addicted to this drug or that drug. And that was the path that they were on. These are people who didn't know they were taking fentanyl in, in many cases. A a big issue we have is the black market, Percocets and Oxycontin. So people will get an injury, their healthcare will put them on Percocet or Oxycontin for a while, but then after a while they cut 'em off. And so there's an entire market for black market Oxycontin and Percocet and Fentanyl's getting introduced into that because fentanyl's highly addictive. And so the dealers are putting it in these somewhat seemingly benign drugs and people are falling over dead because all the consistencies of fentanyl are different. No batch of fentanyl's the same.


You know, what one day will get you hooked for life the next day it'll kill you dead. So that's, that's a major issue in the district. The immigration angle of course, because people are worried about who we've led into our country and rightfully so. But the fentanyl, I'd say is probably the biggest issue. And I don't even know how you stop this in a, especially in a place like Oregon. Yeah, I mean we're, we're, I mean if, correct me if I'm wrong, but there are no narcotics in Oregon now, correct. I think Yeah. Drugs are legal in Oregon and then Washington where I'm at, the drugs are drugs were legal, but they've just got now gone back to enforcing intent to distribute amounts.


So you can still basically have enough to consume on your own, on you And. That's not illegal. But in Washington the last year we've gone back to going after drug dealers, which is, which is a good thing. Kind of a little bit little, Which is a good thing, A Little believe it or not, believe It or not. This is, this is me far right wing guy with my far right wing take of like, maybe we should go after the drug dealers. Like This is actually a good thing. This is, this is super Fringy stuff I'm talking about here. Yeah, yeah. Holy yeah. So that's, that's where we're at. Where it's like you have to explain to people, no, it's actually good to go after the drug dealers. I mean, But I mean two years ago they were calling the Washington State Democrats. They're they're and the legislature were calling to defund the police. Yeah. You know, taking away the police officer's ability to actually pursue criminals, taking away any kind of drug control measures.


So of course a California and Oregon are very similar. So the entire West coast has just become the fentanyl super highway. 'cause why not? If you're the Mexican drug cartel, you can make a ton of money off of it. Yeah. Low Risk. I mean, what do, do you have any idea what the, how many people have left Oregon in Washington? I don't know, but A lot. But a lot, a lot of, a lot of people, People And, I see a ton of Oregon in Washington plates here in Tennessee. I'm sure I know a lot of folks who moved to Tennessee. Yeah. I mean, between Idaho, Texas, Florida scares The shit outta me. Scare every time I see a plate. Yeah, you should. From Washington, Oregon, California, Illinois, New York. You Gotta ask 'em Scare. Do you remember why you moved? Here's what they say.


We're the good ones. We're the good ones. I'm sorry, what the fuck does that mean? You're the good ones. How are you gonna vote? That's the question. Yeah. And that's all that matters. Like, why don't you quit using this code shit and just fucking tell us like, yeah, who the fuck are you And? Why did you move here? Are you a registered Republican? Like Getting goosebumps, man. Yeah. Like I I get so fucking angry. Oh Yeah. I mean it's everywhere. I I You made that shit. You fucking clean it up. Yeah, exactly. Don't come here. Don't just flee Shit where I fucking live. Exactly. Yeah. I'd be pissed too if I live in this state, man. Because you guys are, you guys have good taxes and you know, you guys handled Covid much better than most places. So you And Florida and Idaho and Texas have become quite the magnet.


But if you look at like, what's happening in Texas, like with the way that the cities are in Texas now, I mean, that's a direct bleed over from people coming there for a certain reason, but then not remembering like how they're voting screwed up the last place they were, they were living. So yeah, it's, it's a big issue, man. I, I personally think people gotta fight where they're at. I mean, like right now, if you're trying to run from trying to run from this, I, I just think the way the country's going, it's coming everywhere. It's, it's obviously bad in major urban centers. That's why I won't live in a city. But like every state's got, its its urban hub that, that's been taken over by, you know, the Soros das or just, you know, far left wing laws being enacted.


I mean, look, we're we're already seeing it here too. I got friends that are cops and all the different surrounding areas around Nashville and in, in Nashville. And they're all complaining about the same thing. Yeah. We're not allowed to arrest illegals. We're the, they're, they're letting criminals back on the streets. And it's just like, fuck man, I'm just gonna move farther out into the, I've already lived out in the woods, now I'm moving farther but more land farther. It is, it's, I just, I just don't want to be around it at all. No, I, I for a long time really enjoyed living like in cities. Like I'm, I'm glad I lived in DC before the bottom fell out. Yeah. But now I have, especially having kids. Did you have A nice apartment on Black Lives Matter boulevard?


No. No. We couldn't afford that. That was too expensive. We were on military, military pay at the time, but you know. Exactly. Yeah. So when, and that was like right behind the White House, man. So, I Know, I I s I mean Ice s I go to DC quite a bit. And like I'd always heard about that, that they renamed the street, but I was like, ah, yeah, they probably just painted some, it's there. It's there, it's there. Yep. It's BLM Boulevard that's right behind the White House. And. I mean still. It's absolute insanity. And the crazy thing, I mean in the last couple years arriving when going back to DC like just seeing the homelessness like on the National Mall or like Union Station, it's like, come on man. Like even when I was in Yemen, sala kept the area around the Royal Palace pretty clean.


I know, I know. Can we figure that shit out Poorest country in the Middle East and you see more people shitting on the side of the road in California than you will in fucking Yemen. Yeah, it's insane. 100%. It's insane because They wouldn't tolerate that crap. Maybe out in the sticks, but not, not in the nation. Not in the nation's capital. They wouldn't tolerate it. Yeah. So I think that, that that's probably the, the fentanyl, the border law and order obviously inflation's right there. 'cause that's, that's hurting so many people. But I mean, the crazy thing is when you, when you listen to Biden and a lot of these talking heads discuss these issues, they make it seem like it just sort of happened like as a, as a course of nature. And like, boy gosh, we're, we're really trying to solve this. It's like we could solve the border crisis pretty easily.


Like we, we have a military that is deployed throughout the entire world. I'm pretty sure we could grab about a, like don don't know a fraction of those dudes and have them secure the border and lock it down pretty quick. And we still got an internal illegal immigration issue and that's gonna be more challenging. But don't tell me we can't secure that border. At least stop the bleed At least. Exactly. At least stop the bleed. And the thing is, but the, the fentanyl, there's some fentanyl that comes through the ports of entries where they smuggle it and all that. But we catch a lot of that with the radar systems and stuff that we have. And there's some that's getting smuggled in, in, in, in cargo jets. But the majority of it's coming across the border because the wave of humanity, the illegals overwhelm the border patrol. 'cause they all want to claim asylum. They all know how to do that. They all know that's their ticket into America.


Border patrol's overwhelmed. And then you get the people who don't wanna make contact with the border patrol. They've got a wide open border. Well they don't wanna shut the border. I mean they don't want to. Yeah. And are you aware of the C-B-P-C-B? What is it CBP one app? Yeah, I am. You are? Yeah. Do you wanna explain it? I mean it's basically an Uber service for illegal immigrants. And it's the simplest way to put it. It's an app that illegals can, can Download and they can basically make travel arrangements into the country. Now some of them qualify immediately for immediate parole and that's gonna get them the, the hotel room that's gonna get them the, the government stipend and a plane ticket or a train ticket or a bus ticket into the city of their choice.


And then other ones, it's just gonna kind of make their entry a little bit more smoother. You know, don don't know if you know this, but this came from a source inside Border Patrol and then a sheriff, you know, sheriff Mark Lamb actually confirmed it for me. So it's from two different sources. We'll actually fly down and get you from another country. We will send a jet to come down. And, I mean not, not individuals, but I. think they told me that, and this is, this is several months ago now at this point, but they told me that over 50,000 people, we have gone and gotten sent jets and loaded the jet up, fly back to the us Here you go.


And those don't even get counted in the overall numbers of people coming across the border. Yeah. And the crazy thing, I mean this is what, what Trump solved, even though he couldn't get the wall built, he solved through executive order, was saying that like the famous remain in Mexico, it was, it was more deep than that. It was basically, if you wanna claim asylum, you can't just come to America. You need to go to the first safe country first, safe third country. And that's where you can file an asylum claim for. You can't come right here unless you're Cuban Canadian or Mexican and claim asylum. Those are the only, only our neighbors can do that. Biden got rid of that. And when he did that, he basically made it possible for you to come right to America and claim asylum. And once you've made an asylum claim, we can't deport you And.


So then you're given a status of being paroled into the country. And so right now you're hearing like a OC and a bunch of the other crazy really active people on the left say, well, it's not illegal to claim asylum. So technically these people aren't illegal. They all have illegal status and they're right because of what Biden did. So when we say, yeah, there's been 12 million plus illegals brought into the country, the Biden administration, and these guys are like, well no, no, actually technically they're not illegal. They all have a legal status. So if we don't secure the border and close that amnesty loophole, we're still gonna have some degree of this problem. 'cause there's still a major incentive to come here and claim asylum. I got a question for you. Do you think this is actually, do you, do you, do you think we can turn this around?


It's gonna be hard. I I don't think like if 2024 election works out and like Trump gets elected, And, I go to Congress and we, we win the house in a big way and the Senate that doesn't automatically turn around. I I think that the admin, the administrative state, the unelected bureaucrats are gonna fight Trump twice as hard as they did in the first term. And it's gonna be, it's, it's gonna be a, a bloodbath. I mean they're gonna do everything they can to impeach him to jam up any kind of legislation that's gonna stop the flow of illegal immigrants. 'cause that's what the Democrats want. They wanna flow of humanity coming into the country so they can skew the census numbers so that they can get more seats in the US House of Representatives and more electoral college power.


'cause that's, Trump also tried to make it so that when we do a census, we only count US citizens. When we allocate us house of representative seats or electoral college votes. Basically what Biden did was he got rid of that requirement and now we're just basing house of representative seats and electoral college votes based off population. So the more people you pump into the country, the more electoral power power you have. Even if those people never vote because they're counted and there's seats that are allocated for them. So that's all the Democrats want, that's all they care about. They, they view the fentanyl as collateral damage. So that's all that they want. And they'll do anything to retain that power. Because even if we win in 2024, if they continue with that plan, they're eventually gonna be able to get full control in, in full power.


And the funny thing is, if you say that, they'll be like, oh, that's a conspiracy theory. Two weeks ago, the Republicans in the house put forward legislation that said, we want the citizenship question back on the census. And we only want American citizens counted to de to distribute house of representative seats and electoral college votes. Every Democrat voted against it. So every Democrat just out, out in open voted to let illegals be counted when it comes time to have actual legislative power and po potentially presidential power. Which is absolute, it's saying the quiet part out loud and it's absolute insanity. But we have to get a leader in there who's willing to make hard decisions. Like we have to get somebody in there who, who doesn't. And this is why I'm another reason why I'm, I'm for Trump. 'cause he won't be running again.


He can really go in there and be like, Hey, we're, we're going all out. I don't care about getting reelected. This is my last hoorah. 'cause we need someone who's gonna say like, we will deport all these people. We will start going after the businesses that are employing illegals so that we can focus our law enforcement resources on hunting down the bad actors who don't leave when there's no more economic opportunity. And that's not gonna be pretty, I mean like how do you just get 12 million plus people out of the country? Like I have no idea. That's really hard to do. And then legislatively, we're gonna need to make some really heavy lifts of like ending birthright citizenship. The ability for someone just to come here and have a kid and now the kid's a citizen. You can't deport the parents. Like that's the whole, that's one of the big draws for a lot of the illegals to in the country.


So legislatively, we're gonna have a lot of hard work to do as well. And it's gonna be ugly. It's not gonna be easy. Why did you choose Congress? Why not the Senate? Well, I live in Washington state. And don don't think a Republican has a chance in hell right now at the Senate seat. Fair enough. Just 'cause it say wide, my my district's still pretty conservative. I also, I I I like the role of congressmen. It's the biggest legislative body, but you are the closest to the people as opposed to representing a massive state. Like you have a district, you're representing 750 to 800,000 American citizens. And then the House of Leg, the House of Representatives has a ton of power when it comes to like our budget, which, you know, inflation is a major issue, but then also more in peace.


I mean, figuring out where we spend our money and technically only the Congress can send us off to war. Now we've thrown that out the window in the last 20 plus years and let the president take us off to war unilaterally. But it's supposed to be the Congress that does that. So I. I like that, that angle of how we're the ones calling the shots when it comes to do we go to war, but we're also the closest ones to the people. I think that's a, a pretty unique position to be in. Yeah. Yeah, man. You know, I just, I'm gonna keep fighting, but, you know, and, and I've man, it's just, I just, yeah, there's so many things that need to be turned around that it, it, it, it's just overwhelming to think about and then, and then to think that we're putting a guy in there that does only have four years.


I mean, this is what we're doing. We're just batting this shit back and forth over and over and over again. We're not getting anywhere. Our enemies are getting stronger. Yep. The world is changing. We're getting weaker by the day. Yep. And you're gonna have your work cut out for you. That's for damn sure. We definitely are. I mean we, we've gotta take a long war approach that, that that's how the country got destroyed. The the other side, the leftists, they really took a long war approach and they infiltrated basically every institution. I mean, we talked about boy Scouts at the beginning, I mean all the way from like civic institutions all the way up to all the different levers of power to include every single inch of the federal bureaucracy. They took over slowly over time.


We've gotta do the exact same thing. And we've, we've gotta have the discipline in the long vision to do it on our own. And that's why I think it's really important for guys with our background and veterans. Like, you don't have to run for office, but just to get civically engaged in your community because I think we just have a different mentality. We do, man. But even, I hate to be a pessimist here, but even a lot of the guys that we have in there now that we're veterans, I mean Oh, I know. What a fucking disappointment. You know, not all of 'em, not all of 'em, but a lot of 'em, it's like, man, yeah, you really could have done something here. Yeah. But you're just a, you're just a money hungry fucking chump. Yep. Just like everybody else. Just Like everybody else. Yeah. I mean you can't go there and think if you're a veteran, you can't go there and think like, well now I'm a a team player and this is just my new chain of command and I'm gonna be a good soldier and, and salute and move out.


I mean that made you successful to a degree in the military. But Congress is completely different. Like you were elected by the same amount of people that elected everybody else there. So like, you, you don't need to do anything but be responsive to the people who elected you. That's it. Like the, the the party leadership and all that. Yeah. If it benefits the people in your district, you play ball, but if it doesn't, like it's incumbent upon you. Like it's in your, your oath. That's why you were hired is to stand up for what you actually ran on. And, and you're right, there's a lot of vets that just have not done that I think you get a lot of guys maybe who had their military career cut short that like, now they want to go into politics and like climb up the ladder. I think that's appealing for some people. but I do think there is another crop that's coming up of, of veterans that, that don't view it that way.


I mean like Eli Crane, I know you had him on the show a couple times. Eli's done everything he said he was gonna do on the campaign trail and like he's, he stayed really true. That guy's just doing what the fuck he should be doing, man. Absolutely. You know, he came on here and told me that he changed his vote. He thought he believed at a certain, I can't even remember what the hell they were voting on. Yeah. But he, he, he got one that his district, his voters did not align with that sent an emergency email or some type of message back to his, his his people and had an email go out to all of his, everybody in his district and reversed his decision and voted the way they wanted him to vote.


And I mean, you know, that's all you can ask for. Yeah, exactly. That's all you can ask for. And that Probably pissed off a lot of people with a lot of money in DC Yeah. But his people in his district who vote for him saw that he was representing their will and I think he'll be rewarded when it comes time for reelection for that. So yeah, he's, he's awesome man. Cory Mills another vet, Anna Paul Luna is another vet. So there's, there's a crop of freshmen right now I think that are kind of cutting a new path for veterans in Congress that's that's much more populist and like, Hey, we're actually gonna listen to our people and we're not here just to become corporate shills. We're here to fight for what's right. Man, I hope you're one of those sound Like you're if not come after me. You know, like that's it.


If I sell out, man, that's, I always tell people I'm like, Hey you. Because people always ask, 'cause people have been betrayed so many times they'll be like, well how do I know you're not gonna be just like them? And I'm like, number one, look at the money. Look at where I get my money from. I get my money from small dollar donors. But number two, don't take my word for it. Watch my votes. If I start voting like a, like a DC chump that doesn't care about you, then fricking get me outta there. You know, we, we still, while we, while for now we still have a representative democracy, we still have a republic and we can choose our leaders. The problem is people get lazy and they, this is why incumbents have like a 90% Yeah. You know, reelection rate. 'cause people just don't participate in the primaries. And so we kind of get the government that we, we unfortunately deserve. so we gotta get people much more active in that process.


I almost, I almost said that exact same thing. There was a, somebody has a famous quote that says, you get the government that you voted in. It's Unfortunate You Deserve the government that you voted in. And then Yeah. Yeah. It's, and and and, and it is, you know, you hear everybody and you know, I'm a lot more center right. Than, than than a lot of folks that I speak with I think, but you know, it doesn't matter what side of the aisle you're talking to. It is, I don't know anybody that's happy with the way the government's running. No. You know, and everybody bitches about congress and they all bitch about the Senate and the president and they bitch about everything and they bitch about congress and Congress has what a 90% real reelection rate Incumbency get reelected.


Yeah. Yeah. 90%. Yeah. 90%. 90%, 90%. And and there's a lot of, and And it's like a and it's like a 10% approval rating. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And, and everybody's mad at congress, but then they, they turn around and they either don't participate in the primaries or they just blindly check that, oh, I know that name right there without saying like, what's this guy's voting record? Like, he's got an R by his name, but does he vote that way? Yeah. Like what issues do I care about? How, how is he voting? I mean a lot of, a lot of what's happening right now with the political parties, it, it's a lot of pro wrestling. Like there's one party in Washington DC and you always hear it like the mainstream media will be like, oh, there was bipartisan consensus. Like there, there's the bipartisan, bipartisan problem solvers, they, they move forward.


The Ukraine deal, it's like anytime it comes time for us to send billions of dollars overseas, suddenly like there's bipartisan harm, bipartisan harmony. Yeah. You know, but like, when it's time to do like real things like secure our border and stop the fentanyl, take care of the American people, the only folks you hear fighting for that consistently are branded as like far right nut jobs. You know, like the Freedom Caucus, Eli Cran and those guys when they were negotiating the rules for the speaker of the house and they were saying, Hey, it's absolutely crazy that we're still doing omnibus bills, that we're jamming together multiple bills together that no one reads and passing them at a massive deficit and putting more on our national debt. We can't keep doing that. We need to do the bills individually and we need to actually have fiscal responsibility and a balanced budget. They called those guys every name in the book and like literally they requested the most reasonable like even keeled set of policy, you know, proposals out there and everybody else is like, no, we wanna keep spending money into a, into oblivion and we're just gonna call these guys crazy Nazis.


You know? Yeah. And it's just like, that's the, unfortunately, that's the way it works. I I I just hope people wake up and, and, and see the game. Yeah, me too, man. It's just, I, I just don't, I just don't get it, you know, even with the, with the, with the L-G-B-T-Q stuff and you know, I don't, I don't care man. Like if that's what you wanna do, great. Go do it. Yeah. But you know, we shouldn't be cutting eight year old's Dicks off. Yeah. I can't, I can't. I said it, I can't believe we haven't, haven't About it shouldn't, shouldn't be dismembering an eight year old's penis. Like Right.


No. Like what, how can you, how, how can you, how can you vote for that? How can you do it? Yeah. How can you morally vote for that? And Yet people do, I mean my, my democrat opponent basically voted to put biological men into little girls' bathrooms and let 'em compete against them in, in athletics. So it's crazy. And, and this is stuff, I talk about this all the time. I'm like 10, 15 years ago, these wouldn't have been Republican or democrat issues. If you said that you wanted to protect children, you didn't wanna let men into the little girl's room, that wouldn't be like a radical far right thing to say. As a matter of fact, I think even most democrats like old school Bill Clinton, Democrats, like would've been like, yeah, of course that's, that's absolute insanity.


Or Hey, should a, a 6, 8, 10, 15-year-old, should they be allowed to mutilate themselves like, or chemically castrate themselves? Most people would've been like, what the hell are you talking about? What's wrong with you? But here we are and we're in a place where even so-called moderate Democrat elected officials, they will not vote against that stuff. Yeah, I know. It is part of their doctrine. They won't go against it. Even the ones that won't talk about it that much, my opponent won't talk about it that much, but if it's put on the bill, if it's put on on the floor, she will vote with the radical democrats every single time. You know, because I I think that there's some really powerful corporate interests. There's a lot of money to be made off of these. So-called gender affirming surgeries, the mutilation, but then also it's just old school communist doctrine to separate parents from their kids.


Break up the nuclear family. I mean, Mao did it. Al-Qaeda wants to do it. Like every single bad ideology out there. Yeah. They go after the government, they go after power. But the real center of power is the nuclear family. And if you can break that up, man, you've got all kinds of power. If you can break that up while you control language at the same time and say like a boy's not a girl, a girl's not a boy. Like that's, that's kind of end game in, in terms of power and I think a lot of people don't see that. They think it's like a kooky social issue. They still think that we're talking about like gay marriage or something, you know, like stuff that most people are like Yeah. 'cause I think most of us feel like you just said like, I don't care what you do I don, if you're a consent, don't care if you're a consenting adult, don don't give a shit what you cut off. You know, And, I don't care who you marry.


I, I'm not gonna pass laws about that. I don't care. But when we're talking about protecting kids and there's a, there's one side that is diabolically focused and they're focused like a laser on going after kids and breaking up the family. That's not just a goofy social issue. What about the, I mean it well you can't even protect kids anymore from, from from pedophiles. Right. The maps thing, I mean that, that was a conspiracy what, a year ago? Yeah. And now here it is. Minor attractive persons been talking about it on here for over a year. Yeah. And here we are now we have people that are, that are voting for the, for the, the normalization and rights of pedophiles.


Yeah. I mean if, if you're allowed to discuss sex and sexuality with kids of every single age as a teacher, I can see how they've now moved it and said like, well, you know, maybe some of these teachers are tracked, like it's not a big deal. Like you can see how this, this incrementally goes like the slippery slope thing is a hundred percent right. And now here we are and again, I i I just go back to yeah a lot of this is a bunch of sick perverts that are inserting themselves in here 'cause they're predators. But why is the apparatus moving in this direction? Like they are at war with the nuclear family. Break up the nuclear family and that's the last line. If they take away family autonomy, that's the last line. That's complete control right there. 'cause then you just have all these programmable human beings that you can control and you can move around.


Like they're just like little mindless widgets, you know? So that's that, that's what I think is some of the darker forces that are at play. Yeah. I think you're right man. Well is there anything we haven't covered that you want to cover? Man, we covered everything. Did we? I think we covered a lot. Yeah, We did. We covered a lot of material, but yeah. Well Joe, I really appreciate you coming here and, and telling your story and I know that's, that's gotta be tough. And man, I just, I just wish you the best of luck and, and Thank you and if you ever need anything, reach out.


Absolutely man. Thank you so much. Alright brother. Yeah. Appreciate it.