
With Lululemon, the real gift happens when they're living in it. When you give the fan favorite everywhere belt bag, the real gift is, and when the ultra soothing rest feel slides are the gift you're really giving them this holiday Lululemon makes it easy to give little luxuries that go beyond. Open the moment. Shop now@lululemon.com.


This episode is brought to you by Skinny Pop. Popcorn perfectly popped, endlessly delicious. Oh, so light and crunchy. Skinny pop original popcorn is the snack you've been searching for. Made with just three simple ingredients. Popcorn kernel, sunflower oil, and salt snacking. Never felt or tasted so good. Perfectly popped. Endlessly delicious. Give yourself permission to snack and pick up skinny pop original popcorn today.


John Shrek. McPhee. welcome to the show, man. Thank You. It's been a long time coming, huh? I thought I should have been the first guest. If you ask me. I know you got hundred hundreds of requests from people. I know. I know. You had to over the years from people. No. Yeah. Oh yeah. We get a lot of requests. I bet you're one of the top requests. I bet. So here you are. Makes me feel good. Here you are. Just So you know, like probably my people we're hitting you, you know what I mean? Like why is my boy not In there? You got a lot of 'em. You got a lot of, you got a lot of 'em. But thanks man. Yeah. I've been ironing you up for kind of tracking you up for man, I don't know.


Probably, probably close to 10 years now. When did you, when did you get out? 11. 11? Yeah. Like spring, summer 11. Right on. Yeah. I've been tracking you since you left your last job. Really? What was, which job? I Know your bosses. Oh, which ones? you know Ninja? Toby? Toby? No, Toby. What's his other name? Toby Like. Okay. Yeah, man, I haven't seen him. I know a lot of guys a long time. I Know, I know. Like Toby, that was a contractor. Now is staff Now back to Contract. Oh, is he?


Man, Beltways rough. That guy was switched on. He's awesome. I'm sure he still is. He Actually, me and him, when he was in group, he was my, we hit all the competitions, pistols, sniper shit. We just crushed, like we were doing the sniper comp one time and they're like, the silly stage was like, they had all these pictures hung at like 20 yards. So like, so they're gonna show you a picture. You had a picket shoot it and then one shoe shot. Right. The second guy had to like shoot some steel with the pistol. Kind of lame by today's standards, but it was as good as a God back then. Right. And like literally the fastest time in the middle, you know, was like a minute 30.


And like so to we talk about it and he's like, he is little slightly faster with a pistol than me. Although he missed that I, that wouldn't have happened with me. But he missed one. But we made up the time anyway. Yeah. They're like, they show him the picture and he's like, fourth one from the left. I'm like, pow. He turns around, he is like, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. you know? And then they're like, the guy's like 12 seconds. I was like, is that good? He's like, the winner was at a minute 30. It was like, yeah, rock on. you know what I mean? Nice. And then like, yeah, we used to just crush these comps all the time. Great guy.


Yeah. Yeah. I thought he had left to kind of go your route, but, So yeah, he's kind of national guard it right now, helping the guys he's in and outta, you know, you know how that works. Kind of trying to do it all still. Right on, man. God bless him. Yeah. Hey. But yeah, have at it. Well if he's not listening to this, tell him I said hello And, if you are listening, Toby. Yeah. Hello. Yeah. What's up? What's up man? That like, I'm, I'm saying hey to the microphone, like he's up there. Yeah. But well you got quite the extensive career to cover and so we're gonna hit as much of it as we possibly can.


Thank God he didn't go Air force. Huh? How different your life would be if that would've happened. Dude, I'd be a jet mechanic at the airport. you know what I mean? Maybe I'd have a nice vest on. What if I got the, the cone lights? Like, you know what I mean? You don't know. I could be good at that. That's right. That's right. And then the cone lights could've spor spawned me like dancing in the cage in day gay clubs, you know what I mean? That I'm rich. you know what I mean? Like it actually, that wouldn't have been bad either, I think. Yeah, Now that I think about it. That's a pretty good route. Yeah, I guess so. But quick introduction. Not that you need one, but here we go. O John Shrek McPhee.


You are a master instructor and subject matter expert, also known as The. Sheriff of Baghdad or Shrek. You are a retired US Army Special Operations Sergeant Major. With over 20 years of distinguished service, you've specialized in various special minute unit special mission units, accumulated extensive combat experience across, across multiple theaters. You are one of, if not the only one to pull off, pull off a successful solo raid in Afghanistan. Aside from the Singleton mission into to Bora, you've had hundreds of solo missions in Iraq and was a taxi driver in Baghdad.


You also burned a lot of cars. Can't wait to get into that. My favorite pastime, if anyone's out there and got a picture of me burning cars, yo hit me with that shit right now. Like through divorces and stuff, I don't care. you know what I mean? So there's guys out there got these pics. I want 'em. You are the former boss of Tim Kennedy and called one of the greatest war fighters of all time by Kennedy. Since retiring. You have been a trailblazer in video diagnostic training, analyzing shooting techniques with unparalleled precision through a specialized app. You created SOB TV TV, which is the number one online platform for military law enforcement and civilians interested in leadership, gear reviews, mindset, firearms training, home defense, and military history.


Your mantra is efficiency of speed and accuracy applied simultaneously with perfect technique. You realized after years in the military, you weren't the funny guy anymore and wanted to change that. So today you strive to be funny and positive every day of your life. Amen. Amen. Amen. Couldn't Have said it better. And You're a family man. I am. I am. Yeah. Yeah. I, I do a lot of things, man. Like I tell people all the time on the range, like this shooting shit is like 3% of what I could do. The other 97%, like we should talk about that. you know what I mean? Yeah, Yeah. But I never get to showcase that 'cause we're just on the range, you know?


Well, I bet that's an eye-opener for 'em. I don't think, I think anyone, well, when I say that, I think most people just laugh, think I'm talking shit, but like, I'm kind of serious. you know what I mean? Yeah, Yeah. Well, so before we get to in the weeds, and what I want to do is do complete life story on you starting a childhood, going through your career and into what you're doing today. But before we dive into that, we just got a couple things to go through. One is I have a subscription account on Patreon. There are top supporters that have been with us since the beginning. It's a, it's a, it's just a growing awesome community to be a part of. And one of the things that I give them the opportunity to do is ask each guest a question.


And so, Yes. Yeah. Here we go. Fan questions. I love this. Let's go. Alright, so this is, this is from Greg. Greg. What's the scariest moment you've ever been in outside of war? Mm, scariest moment I've ever been in outside of war, man, I don't think, I don't think that's a thing. you know what I mean? Like, when you're a badass, you got it like that. Like fear is obviously not a problem for me. I don't know. I, I think I was scared of a lot of stuff as a little kid. Scared of the dark.


Right. But I don't know if I, if if I have a fear, I have one fear and I don't like shots. I mean, it could be far down a first date. I don't know what it is, you know? Yeah. Shots. I don't care about that shots man. Not A vaccine guy, huh? Well, I don't like anything piercing my skin. I think, I think that's the, anything that pierces my skin and blood might come out. I'm not sure if I'm super cool with that. you know what I mean? So shots is always a big deal, you know? And yeah, I've been married and you know, like you gotta go get your shot. And I always allow somebody to administer medicine on the inside of my body.


you know what I'm saying? Like, I'm allowing you to do this, so let's get it, you know what I'm saying? But shots man, I don't that at all. you know what I mean? I do, I do. I I just, the, the whole needle thing is a, a turtle. Like, and it's not painful. It's not like I'm like, oh my God, I hurt so bad. Like I do juujitsu grown men try to pull my head off my body every day. It's not the pain, it's the, it's The anticipation Of your puncturing my skin maybe and blood's coming out. I don't know. But that's, that's my one of my, I don't like that. Roger that. Next question, this is from Alex outta these 20 years of war and all the blood, sweat, and tears and heartache we all went through in this conflict.


How do you feel when you found out that we were gonna pull out of Afghanistan completely? Yo, if you didn't read the fine print when you went in, which said we were gonna this up on the way out. Not shocked. No. Shocker man. We had, dude, I can't tell you how many conversations we had before we went in. This is where empires go to die. No shock. I'm not shocked. Anybody who's shocked, you check your pride a little bit and don't be more mad than your bosses when this shit goes down. Like, because the reality is, is like I knew it was gonna end poorly the day I step foot on that dirt. Did you really? Yeah.


Who didn't? You thought that was first day you got there, you thought it was gonna go well over there? I didn't think it was gonna go well. I don't think it was going to. I didn't, I mean, I'd never envisioned the withdrawal. But I will say that I am fucking enraged at how that went down. Oh, I mean it's, it's a tragedy. We'll be fighting that equipment forever. Yeah. Like that equipment just went to Iran, you know what I mean? you know the deal where Iran, China, the bad actors get all our shit one up it and then we gotta figure out how to one up them. It never fucking ends. But the reality is, is like this is exactly how I expected it to end my first day in combat. Even though I loved every day I got rocketed and mortar.


you know what I mean? Like I knew it would end like that. Interesting. How did you know? I mean, I'm just Curious. I just felt like everyone in the team rooms knew. you know what I mean? We're getting ready to go to Afghanistan. We're training, we're waiting for somebody in the government to do something, you know? 'cause from September to December there's time in there to get in some reading. you know what I mean? Do some training, learn some shit. you know, read the Russian aar, what is it? The bear over the mountain is the Russian book or whatever. Read that shit. And you'll see like we did the same as them. The only thing that we succeeded over the Russians in Afghanistan was cleanliness.


'cause that's what killed the Russians. They didn't wash their hands, you know what I mean? They're out raping people then licking their fingers. I don't know what the fuck they're doing. you know what I mean? But, but dirtiness, dysentery. Like that's what killed the Russians, not the Afghans. Interesting. I don't know a lot about that, but you talk a lot about military history. Maybe we should start paying attention to whatever the TV show you got is. But we'll get into the weeds on that. So last thing before we get started, everybody gets a gift. Yes. I brought some for you too. Oh, I love this. So this is an exchange. You want me to do this first? Go ahead. Okay, go ahead.


These are the gummy. I, okay, so real talk. I don't watch podcasts. All Good. I have no idea what you normally talk about. I've probably caught about maybe 10 seconds to maybe 30 seconds of your podcast and like different clips of different people saying stuff over the years. I do know about the gummy bears. I just got one question. Is there weed in these or anything? Do you want there to be? No. Well there isn't Then. I It's candy. It's candy. Yo. It's just candy. So First off, this shit's gonna get crushed. Hey, hey, I got a friend, I'm not gonna name any names. He might be with me right now.


And this is all he's been wanting and talking about from at Machado camp. Like man, we're gonna get these gummy, can I have some gummy bears? So I couldn't be happier with this. Thank you Thank you so much. Well you're Welcome. Let's see both of these. The same. Both the same. That's it. Boom. And then there are some stickers in the bottom or something. Is there some stickers in there? Nice. Nice. Boom. Nice. Be like shameless plug. You put that on your helmet. I will, I'll, I'll put it on the back of my body armor. Like I love it. I couldn't be happier about these gummy bears.


I'm perfect. I was like, if there're, if there's weed in, I'm like, I don't really gummy bears with weed. Like I could eat the whole bag. It doesn't do shit to me. I don't know why. So like they're worthless to me, you know what I mean? Yep. Yeah. But candy, I fucking love candy. So my inner fat kid is strong. Super strong. Okay. I brung this for you. There's a ton of shit in here, right? So have at it. Okay, so team, SOB backpack, right? Perfect. We give these out like at the members' parties and stuff. Like, we also give out like shot glasses where you could wear it around your neck. So you don't, you always got it at the parties.


Like, so we give out a lot of stuff, man. Okay. So that is a cooling sch mog, right? So you know sch MOGs, right? Wear it around your head and made 'em out of cooling material. Nice. My, I bet. Look, I'm on the range all the time. We talk about this, right? So it's big enough to where it'll hold enough water where if you wear it like a mog, I just dump like it'll, it'll hold a lot of water so it stays cool longer. you know what I mean? Nice. Like most cooling towels are like this big and it's like you can barely tie it around your neck and then it's like one layer and it just dries quick, right? So I just do the, the kind of diamond fold.


I tie a small knot in it around my neck and I just dump water in the back when I'm on the range and Perfect. They work great. What else do we got in here? Yeah, the team. SOB T-shirt. Perfect. Welcome to the team. That's a good looking shirt. I Say One of my favorites. Classic Thank. you clean Lines. Another one? Yeah. Just in case. Just, Well I didn't know what size you were. Two is one and one is not. So Yeah. Hey, you got one where you can cut the sleeves off it, do your hero shots, you know what I mean? Cigar in your mouth. M 60 like hey people.


Oh nice. A sling Rifle. Slings. Yeah. Ice. So we're on Amazon prime Now you can get these on prime. 100% made in America. I make this myself. I've made it myself. Basically. Two point sling adjustable and then I make my own qd. So you can see I have a machined. The reason I make my own QD is the older qds with the, like the barrel ring. you know what I'm talking about? This crimp crimps, the ball bearings in. So when you pull it out, the whole thing comes out of the rifle. Once that thing's together there, it'll never fail unless you break the socket or something. There's no way you can get them ball bearings outta there with our perfect MA manufacturing process.


Thank you. So 100%. Very, very compliant made in America, baby. Nice. Yeah. Made in America you don't hear that very often anymore. Yeah. Well I was hoping maybe one day if the Army's listening, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's very compliant guys. 100%. Very compliant. Those gummy bears are made in America too. So maybe the Army's listening to that Too. There you go. People get this in that MRE. Okay, so I gave you a sig holster. I know you're a sig guy. So that's the little, the little sig condom holster also on prime made in America. Actually an ex-police chief makes those for me.


And then basically look leather. Why leather? And here's, I love leather. I love leather, right? And then we kind of started when I early as a commando, we started with like leather and like items. And then somewhere we transitioned to holsters to like that nylon piece of shit. Oh man. you know, you know the old, I don't know eagle. I don't know who made it. I'm not naming any names. Sorry Eagle. If it wasn't you ever, it was, I mean, you know, it's what it's, but like that holster lost more guns than any other holster because the nylon won't stay tight and the guns too heavy and it'll just pop out. That's where the lanyards came from, right? And then CX came along and we start, I started using cx and then what would happen is I'd, I'd use the cx, I'd run the O course and, and I had this really nice CX EDC, I'm running the, I'm run EDC running the O course one day and it cracked.


And, and this is when I knew I had a pupa, you know what I mean? Like, because it pinched my pupa, you know what I mean? It cracked and pinched my pupa and I had a pull it off of there, you know what I'm saying? Before then, I didn't know I had a pupa, you know what I mean? I thought this is of legends and it fucking cracked. And then I was like fucking done with the CX inside my pants, outside my pants, fucking fine inside my pants. I went back to leather. So the CX holster that pinched my pupa, I made a copy of it and that and outta leather. And that's all I've been wearing ever since, man, This is, this is cool. Yeah. And we call it the condom 'cause it's, it's minimalist.


Yeah. Yeah. And I. don know anybody else that's making leather. Well that's Inside the waistband wells'. 'cause it's always, you'll shoot yourself in the Walmart parking lot. 'cause if you Google leather holsters, this is what all the kit ex manufacturers propaganda, this is what they'll all tell you. The guy shot himself dry firing, waiting on his wife to go shopping in Walmart. It's like, yo, time the fuck out. Let's ask a real question. Why the fuck is this guy dry firing in the Walmart parking lot while he's sitting down? Can we ask that question first before we blame the fucking holster? And then if you're gonna do that, what's this guy's level of fucking training? Can we ask that? Like, I got some questions before we blame the gear.


you know what I Mean? Yeah, yeah. What else do we got? Oh, boot kits. So your shoe laces, you, you feed 'em through the thing and then you put the clamp. So all you gotta do is pull it and go to tie your shoes. Nice. Kind of like a Solomon. But normally I put those, you know the big Solomon quests? Yeah. The quests. Yes. The, the the boot in the picture. That's what I use it for. Literally all this stuff is made in the USA. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, I give you some pens. I got, I made purple markers this year 'cause I just got my purple belt.


Thanks Sson. If you watching Coach Sson, congratulations. I gave you a couple pens. Those pens write really nice. you know, I mean I figured you could use impress your f Friends with a sheriff, a Baghdad pen, Some stickers. Yeah. I gave you the, the kind of gamut of swag. You got some super push in there. You got that prison wallet, you know what I mean? You got the stop sucking dick for beer money. They're all in there, man. Like yeah, the slaughterhouse chaos is my jam. That's real talk. Nice. Is that it? Oh, we got one more. One more. Yeah. Slaughter things Perfect. Yes. A beanie slaughter things. Nice. I know You look like you could keep your head warm just like me.


Like, you know what I mean? I don't got too much insulation just like you up there. I'm just not brave enough to do it. You do yet, but I'm, I think I'm there. Just get it over with. You think so. Be the best decision. Well, I don't know if it'll be the best decision you've ever made, but it's sure. Saves a hell of a lot of time in the mornings. Amen. Yeah, I kind of, I kind of do the one size, the top or bottom myself. Nice. I mean, I ain't got that much, but, Well, let's get into your life story. Ready for this? Let's Go, go. Yeah, Let's do it. All right. So once again, start at childhood, move through your career into, into what you're doing now and Thank you for, Thank you for all the gifts I'm lacking.


Thanks man. Yeah, well you need anything. Just hit me. you know what I mean? I'm easy. Perfect. I will. So where'd you grow up? Su ghetto or Chicano, however you wanna say it. I grew up on the south side. We lived by the, as a little kid, I lived by the steel mills until the steel mills shut down. All my grandparents, my mom, like we lived in one of them row houses where it was like my aunt, my grandparents, us, they all walked to the steel mill, walked back at the end of the day. And then one day the steel mill was locked and like, you know, fucking South Chicago. That's all it wrote, Man. What, what were your, do you have any siblings?


Yeah, I have an older brother. You guys tight A couple years? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He'll probably watch this. He watches. He loves this shit. Like actually he tells me all the time I say the same. No matter how many years I've been telling these stories, they're always the same. That's what he tells me. He's like, I heard you on the show. I'd be like, what'd you think? You're always the same. I'm like, thanks man. At least I'm fucking consistent if not any fucking thing. you know what I mean? But yeah, me and my brother are close. I talk to him all the time. What Were you guys into as, as kids, Man, what were we into? We fucking played in the woods. We wrestled. We didn't wear helmets and rode bikes. We jumped ramps that were sketchy and wiped out.


Let's see, as teenagers, we drove drunk just like everyone else. Like typical fucking shit, you know what I mean? Like just boys being boys with kind of no guidance, you know what I mean? Yeah. What were you, I mean, were you into sports student? Yeah, I was. Yeah. I've always been that 70, like what's the passing 70%? Is that where you pass? Because that's like where I like to hover, you know what I mean? Like, so as a kid, like I'd come home with like 1D and all Cs, you know what I mean? I'm, they're buying me ice cream, you know what I mean? And this kid's gonna catch another beating 'cause he got a B. you know what I mean?


Like it is kind of wasn't fair. But I don't know, I didn't really ever complain. What were you, I mean, what was your passion as a kid? Was it sports? Was it wilderness hunting? I Worked, I was a mechanic. I worked, that's all I did is I worked on trucks. No shit. Yeah, you grew up, when did you start working? I probably started working when I was like eight, 10. My stepdad was a truck driver. He owned his own truck. And I would just, I'd service it, adjust to brakes, grease it weekly. Like I'd do the kind of weekly services or monthly services, you know. So by the time I was like fucking 10 I could service a semi-truck.


Oh good. And then I pumped gas in a gas station where he worked out of with his truck. And then I kind of worked my way up until like, you know, I mean I kind of did it all. And then later I got another job at another shop where I just welded. Basically what I did is there's a lot of gravel hauling trucks where I grew up. So like these gravel hauling trucks, like the bed goes up and they're on unstable ground, they'll, they'll flip over. The truck may not always flip, it'll break the frame crush like part of the wall of the trailer. I just, it'd take me like two, three weeks. But I'd rebuild the truck and trailer, make it look exactly like it was.


It just that part would be clean and the rest of this fucking thing would be dirty. Wow. Was that, that's what I did as a kid till I started. I mean You started working at eight. Was that out of necessity or you just, I just, just into it. I think my stepdad scene, I was pretty handy mechanically and just started showing me stuff, you know what I mean? And then after a little bit I could do it myself and then he kind of, that's how I got allowance. Did you like it? You still under It? Yeah, I fucking loved it. Yeah, I loved mechanical shit. What got your interest into the military? You know, I knew everyone in my family had been in the military. I kind of didn't know to what level at that point I knew I would join.


I was just making so much money as a welder and a mechanic that like, does it make sense? Right. Because until I was an E seven, I took a pay cut to join the army. No shit. What age were you when you joined? 21. 21? Yeah. So I was a welder and mechanic. I made good money. I mean I was a, I asked my boss one day, I was like, Hey, how come that I'm the guy that always gets these fucked up trucks in this fucking two week, three week rebuild process. Like, I want that easy shit. I wanna be changing these tires in and out, shit. And he is like, you're the only one with the mental capacity here that could probably pull it off. And I was like, well that sucks.


And he is like, back to work. I'm like, okay boss, I'm back to work. I think I read something that said that you, there's a lot of fighting as a kid. I fought, yeah, high school I fought a Lot. Why? I was the only white guy. So I just got, people just wanted to beat me up all the time, every day on the bus. Every day. Every day. What age did that start? Freshman year? Yeah. I had to ride a bus to school. I was the only white kid on the bus. Only white kid in my school. Kind of like school for bad boys for fighting in other schools.


So I was the only white guy. And I, you know, imagine being on a bus with 72 people who don't like you. you know what I mean? So I just got beat up every day and at some point I realized I'm never gonna win per se. Right? But I can start doing better. And then what I started doing is if you were gonna jump me today, I'm gonna make sure one or two of you are going to the hospital for a couple weeks. That's two less people I'm gonna deal with tomorrow. And if this goes on on a daily basis, you're gonna be 10 or 12 people down super quick. Sure. You beat me up every day. Sure. Did I just focus on one person?


Where'd you Learn how to fight instead? On that fucking bus? On that fucking bus is where I learned to fight. And then eventually the school paid for a cab. 'cause every morning the cops had to pull us over, broken seats, broken windows, broken arms, broken noses, broken. And then it just got so expensive for the school. They just had paid for a cab in his casm. Rando would pick me up every, might see the cab. I'd go get in and they'd drive me to school. Nice. Wow. Wow. The same for your brother? No, my brother was smart. He went to like smart guy school. Gotcha. So this, what, was this like a disciplinary school? Yeah. Yeah. What got you in there? Fighting.


Fighting. At the other school? Yeah. What were you fighting over there? You know, stupid high school kid. Shit, I don't even remember. So you just liked to fight? Yeah. I'll fuck you up. If I think you wronged me, I will come fuck you up. I don't talk shit or nothing. I will tell you exactly what I'm gonna do. Don't fucking test me. And I'll tell you a funny story. I had a, who knows? Haley's probably listening to this. There's a warrant officer one day, right? Like, I don't know, giving me shit. My, me and my team like whatever we're doing, whatever. He doesn't like it. He's a warrant officer. And I was like, if you don't get the fuck outta my shoot house, I'm gonna kick you in the fucking ass. And he is like, you can't touch me.


I'm an officer. And I had a big like Quest boot on, or Big Scarpa boot. I fucking Moay kicked that motherfucker in the ass so hard. He dropped, fucking couldn't breathe. I think Timmy was there. I think Timmy watched this, you know what I mean? And like he dropped, he couldn't breathe. And I'm like, say another word motherfucker and I will fuck you up now and then, like he never said a word after that. I'll bet he didn't. So yeah, even as a kid, like I don't talk shit. I'm telling you what's gonna happen and this will happen. And I'm just waiting for the start point. So you were never an instigator? No, no. I ain't gonna start shit.


It was all self-defense. Yeah. You fuck with me, I'm gonna take it to you. you know what I mean? Like I don't fuck around. And then I think I was a little less ruthless in regular high school before the bus, after the bus. Like, yo, fuck you. Damn Fuck this. I'm not in the mood. So whose decision was it to put you in that school? Was it parents or was it the school district? School parents. They all hated me. Right on. But you know, I mean, I had a dicey childhood to begin with. So like I didn't give a fuck what my parents thought. Really? Yeah, I think it, I think both me and my brother, like by the age of like, I don't know, he was maybe 14. I was 12. I think we both knew we were more mature than my mom and my parents.


Why do you say that Mean? My parents were young people. They were young when they had us. They drank all the time. They wanted a party, you know what I mean? Like they weren't really great parents. Are you, are they still alive? No, I don't have any fam. My family dies early. Really? Yeah. I don't have anybody but my brother. So they're all dead. Do you mind if I ask what happened? Let's see. My dad died at like 50 already outlived him of some like weird fucking shit I don't even know about. And then my mom died. She's a smoker. So she had lung cancer kind of died once from that.


Came back to get brain cancer later. To die later. you know what I mean? Damn. So, but yeah, they were young, they were drinkers. My mom was divorced. Just like most women. Once they get divorced, some, you know how some women, after they get divorced, they just stay bitter. That was my mom. But she became bitter with everybody. She argued with her sister, she argued with her parents. She, you know, she hated everybody. Right? And then me and my brother were like, there's gotta be a better way than this Man. So was there, I mean, when you left home, was there any dialogue with them? Was Man, I left home at like, we left home at 12 and 14 and did, we just did crime to eat till I was older.


And then I, I worked What do you mean you did crime? We did crime for food. Like what? Fucking robbing shit. Fucking stealing food, fuck anything. you know what I mean? Target's opportunity. I don't know what you mean. We fucking stole shit. I mean, I can't be more clear. Like stole. I Mean, were you still, you were stealing food to eat or you were stealing stuff to sell or? Yeah, no. Yeah. Yeah. Stealing stuff to sell for food or, yeah. Yeah. That's what we did. What Did that, what age did that start? 12. 12? Yeah. So you started working at eight? Yeah, I worked till about this point. Me and my brother kind of went on our own. And then later I came back to working probably when I was about, I don't know, 15.


I realized I had to put myself through school. So no matter where I lived, like we lived in a brothel for a little bit. But you Lived in a brothel? Yeah. Why? I Not a lot of places for a 12-year-old to go. How does a 12-year-old get involved in a brothel and get a A? These are the people and your neighbors in South Chicago. These are, these are your neighbors and family, you know what I mean? Well I want to hear about this. It Really, how did that, I mean, how did that happen? Did you get invited into the brothel to live? Yeah. Yeah. This lady took care of us. The lady that ran it kind of deal. She was like a hooker and a junkie and I was just a little kid.


Oh, I was 12. What, how was that conversation? Nicest human being I ever met. She was great. I mean, what instigated that to happen though? Yeah, my, my, you know the, the beatings will continue till morale improves. Even as a 12-year-old, that's fucking, you know, why are we fighting again? So me and my brother thought we could do better on our own. And we did. Did she approach you? Who? No, it's like a family friend, you know what I mean? Like literally family and friends. Like when you grow up, your parents, like you have cousins, uncles, people that know people. So how Chicago's a little place.


How long did you live in the brothel? I don't know, man. Probably a couple years. Have you talked about this on any, anywhere Else? I've never told anyone this. Well, I guess your brother's in for a surprise now, huh? So, Yeah. I'm sorry. How long did you say you lived in there? Yeah, like a year two. I don't know. I don't even remember. But a, a little while we lived there. What was, I mean, can you describe maybe a little bit about daily life? Yeah, we woke up, went to school, came back from school and then like there'd be ladies in the house getting ready for work. They were normally gone all night.


We live with this. This old guy actually owned the house and as long as he got whatever he wanted, he didn't give a shit what they did. It's, I don't know, I don't get it. It seemed weird. I'll never be in that situation, but I'm not judging. And then, yeah, it was just kinda kind of regular. Like no different than where I lived. Except we were a little poor, which we didn't have money to begin with, you know what I mean? Would you guys have a room there? Yeah, we shared a room. Customers coming in the house or was it No. They were working outta the house. No, normally they would go, go wherever, do business. Gotcha. Did you realize what was going on at the time or? Oh yeah. You Did? I mean, I could have been shooting heroin, doing heroin, doing co.


I could have been doing it all. I just, I was a kid. I just wanted to get through school, put myself through school. Right. And then figured I'd do something after that. I didn't know yet. Shit. What was your relationship with your stepdad like? Was It, you know, my mom was bitter, so he was only around when I was little and then he was gone. And then it was like boyfriend, boyfriend, boyfriend, boyfriend Fucking guys, man, shit. So that's my childhood. Little dicey. Yeah, I'm sure there's a lot more to dive into there, huh? I'll bet there's a lot to dive into. It was a long time ago. Yeah.


Yeah. you know what I mean? So when you left, I mean you left at 12? Yeah, Lived on my own till I was like, I don't know, maybe 16. And then my mom kind of like, I don't know, kind of started to get her shit together. So I moved back with her. I lived with her and I didn't live with her until I joined the army. How'd she get her shit together? She just stopped being so fucking mean and drinking so well, I don't know if the drinking stopped, but I don't know. She was just better. I don't know what that means.


I don't know what her better was. I was just a fucking kid. Like why do I gotta be the fucking adult, adult here all the time? you know what I Mean? Yeah. So yeah, I lived with her, put myself through school all those years. Put my, went to school every fucking day no matter what. Walked myself fucking down the tracks in the fucking snow. you know what I mean? Like I wasn't barefoot and then I didn't have to walk uphill both ways. But like I had shoes and I walked to fucking school and miles to school every day just to make sure I went. What kind of drugs was your mother into? She was just said alcohol. Alcohol. No injectables, heroin, Nothing that I not, not that I'm aware of.


No. I don't think she ever did anything like that. Abusive? Yeah, of course. Alcohol. you know what I mean? I got a question. Yeah. There's a lot of kids that are in this situation right now, today. Yeah. Yeah. And so what would your advice be to a kid that's going through that? Yeah, fucking do you go to school? Look, you're not gonna go anywhere if you don't go to school, go to fucking school every day. School was a break from the bullshit in my fucking life, right? I didn't like school, I didn't learn. I still got C's, I still slept. you know why? 'cause this is sometimes I was fucking tired. 'cause who knows what craziness went out my house last night, right? So I'd tell you, go to school, conduct your life.


If you see you're the fucking adult in any situation, I don't care your age, you're now the adult fucking act like it. You don't got a choice. you know what I mean? So you might as well embrace the life you think you want. So I went to school. I knew I didn't wanna stay in a fucked up South Chicago my whole Life.


When I was in the SEAL teams, I loved to dip. I spent a lot of time on operations and dipping was a ritual. So if it's a ritual for you too, I get it. If you're an adult age 21 or older and use nicotine or tobacco, I want to tell you about an American brand. Black buffalo, black buffalo's, nicotine pouches do not contain tobacco leaf or stem, but they are packed with tons of flavor and nicotine. The magic of black buffalo is they discovered a way to make cured edible green leaves behave like the texture of tobacco and have classic flavors. You're in good company if you roam with a black buffalo herd. The business was built by dippers with decades of smokeless tobacco use. They manufactured their tobacco alternatives with respect for those products that came before them. Bold flavors, full pouches, metal lids, and a brand that stands for something America. Their products are also proudly endorsed by many, myself included. If you're 21 and older, consume nicotine or tobacco, join the herd and head over to black buffalo.com to learn more. You can order online and they ship directly to most states or check out their store locator to purchase pouches at thousands of locations around the country. Black buffalo, an American brand and pouches worth respect. Warning, this product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Black Buffalo products are intended for adults age 21 and older who are consumers of nicotine or tobacco.


Have you struggled to find tees that fit right and feel good? Are you tired of the boxy unflattering? Look, lemme tell you about True classic, true, classic makes T-shirts, hoodies, jeans and more and Multipacks that actually fit like a premium piece of clothing tailored just to you. And you can get this premium fit at a super affordable price. I love the fitted t-shirts and hoodies from True Classic. They fit perfectly wear well and I feel great in them. The holidays are here. And true classics, ultra comfortable, perfect fitting essentials make for the perfect gift for you. And if you're a woman that's special man in your life. So if you're ready to upgrade your closet shop now and unlock big savings during their huge holiday sale, just go to my exclusive link@trueclassic.com slash ss to save. That's true classic.com/ss. Please support our show and tell them we sent you End the year with holiday cheer. Thanks to True classic.


So you get in, you go to bootcamp. How was that fucking Easy? Was it easy for you? All that structure from Yeah, easy Broken Home Life Easy? Yeah. Did you like the structure? No. Fuck no. I don't like structure. I don't like fucking, I don't like leadership. I don't like being managed, you know what I mean? Like I don't like any of that. But basic training was easy. Wake up, do your shit. Pretty fucking simple. you know what I mean? The garbage can's only going across the floor because it's scripted and they probably do this every fucking month, you know what I mean? And as a guy who loves talking shit and being funny at the time, like these obscenities were new to me and I thought that was great.


And like they'd yell at somebody and I just, I'm over there trying to hold back my laughter. And then, you know, my drill sergeant be like, do pushups. I mean I yes drill sergeant, you know what I mean? Why? 'cause I'm laughing again. 'cause I think his obscenities are funny. Even when he'd yell at me, I thought it was funny. you know what I mean? So I thought basic training was great, man. I had a great fucking time. Loved every minute of it. Where'd you go from there? Rip back in the rip, not rasp, the rip days. Well, airborne School then Rip. Oh, was airborne joke. Yeah. You did Airborne School, Right? I did. It is a Joke. I thought it was a joke. You thought it was a joke? Thought it was a joke. It's a fucking joke. I was just hung over all the time.


And then I get in trouble for buying beer for people and, but yeah, airborne School was just a joke besides getting out of the plane the first time. The rest was a joke. And then you went to, you went to Rib Real. Yeah, and like literally those motherfuckers showed up at like your air. you know how you graduate, you get that Airborne Beret, yo, I got it ripped off my head and never seen that bitch again. you know what I mean? I would've liked to have had that now. you know what I mean? What the fuck is this? And then literally they're like, load the fucking truck. So you throw your like two duffle bags on the truck. They don't say shit. And the truck drove away. We had to fucking run this truck down across post to the fucking rip bags.


Like what the fuck? If it wasn't for the stop signs and the traffic, like we'd have lost them. Never been able to. And these motherfuckers just took off. It was like, what do we do? I was like, I think we follow our bags. And I just started like that's everything the Army gave me. I can't just let these guys drive off with it. Like, and then we ran to the Rip Barracks and then those guys were fucking serious. Like the army was a joke till then. And that's when I realized like the Army's might be a joke. It basic training. Airborne School might be a joke, but these guys ain't fucking around at all. you know what I mean? Like the first time I seen a guy run the airfield at five minute miles and I'm supposed to keep up like, what in the fuck is this?


you know what I mean? Like a dude took off so fast I couldn't even, I just stood there and everyone's like running. I'm like, well, oh, oh fuck, now I'm like waste. I'm never gonna catch up now. you know what I mean? Did you, because I should make assumptions, but I would think that you didn't have a lot of respect for anybody, any adults in your childhood 'cause of your upbringing. Yeah, I wouldn't say that at all. I respected people that earned respect. I didn't respect people who are just fucking, you know, fucking Karens out there doing whatever the fuck they do or whoever these days, you know what I mean?


I learned real quick. People were who they were. And at face value, you're a fucking asshole or you're not. And I could figure that out quick. Well, kind of the reason I'm asking is it's, it is. I mean, you grew up fighting, obviously the home life wasn't great. And so when you get to Ranger Battalion and you see all these guys, these studs, you, you respect of 'em. Oh yeah, I knew I was home. It was the first time. Like I actually fit in somewhere in my life. You fit in. What about it made, what Guys did what they said? you know what I mean? We're running the airfield in fucking X time.


We come in at X time, clean your fucking room, your rooms clean, no issues. you know what I mean? Like as the first time, like people acted with responsibility. Did you, you know what I mean? I do. Do you feel, did you feel challenged? Fuck Yeah. At that point. Daily. Daily. And then I was 21. I was able to drink on the weekends. They fucking hated me for that. 'cause like everyone drank because I was drinking. you know what I mean? So, and then I'll tell you one day, this is the best thing, as in rip, we get the hotel, we get the weekend off, we get the, like we go down to the, the hotel next to the Chickasaw club or whatever the fuck it was.


So we could just walk over there, party and get back to the hotel crash. I fell asleep by the pool and got sunburn. Like bad sunburn, right? Because I'm like, I know I'm like three shades above pasty white right now. But it's only 'cause I was at my buddy's pool in Oklahoma City in his backyard, you know what I mean? So it doesn't, you know, 10 minutes in the sun. And like my skin's gonna come off two days from now, actually three minutes. But I'm, I'm trying to be nice to myself, so I get sunburn bad, right? And then the, my sunburn, the skin's coming off and the cadre, what do they tell me? Like they were gonna gimme an Article 15 for damaging us property.


And I'm like thinking, oh no. Right. So what they do is in the morning on like the long runs, they'd make people pick me up and carry me for miles. So there'd be a guy on each ankle just rubbing my ankles raw, you know what I mean? It's got skin's coming off anyway, just rubbing my ankles, raw guy under each hip, my shoulders rubbing my shoulders raw. So like I had to do rip sunburned for like a week or two and they abused me with that sunburn in every way they could. Shit. What, how long is rep? It's three weeks back then. Three weeks? Yeah. What would you say the most challenging portion was for you?


Just staying hydrated. Because they staying hydrated. Yeah. They didn't fucking train us. They'd be like, all right, we're gonna learn map rating. Anyone got any questions? Dumbest fucking question. I ever heard everyone outside, we're gonna smoke you guys till we get a heat casualty. That's it. And like you'd come back like someone would, but you know, like, yes, someone passed out. I couldn't take too much more myself. you know, you don't wanna tell anybody. So it was so it's basically, it's just a beat down session to see who wants to be there. I'll tell you this, the old rip that selection created guys that would not fucking quit.


you know what I mean? Now when I got the Ranger battalion, I didn't know shit about shit. you know what I mean? Like that map reading class was mostly pushups out in the sun till someone passed out, you know? So like I felt like I didn't know shit when I got to Ranger Battalion. But the reality is, is like fucking smart, like tractor Strong, like bull man, I got this. you know what I mean? So when you, I mean, how was the, how was the sense of accomplishment when you completed rip? Yeah. Fuck. Hardest thing ever done. Hardest thing I've ever seen done in my life. And I just finished, you know what I mean? Who'd you call? I don't think I called anybody. Didn't have anybody?


No. Not your brother? Nobody. No. Yeah, I didn't call nobody. So you show up to which ranger Battalion First? I went to first. Where is that? Savannah. Let's talk about walking in there for the first time. Yeah. Yeah. I get to my platoon, right? I don't know, it was pretty good. you know, they made fun of me. I guess I had a a, a Chicago accent. I didn't know there was one, but guys would make fun of me and they'd be like, oh, Adrian. you know what I mean? Like, they'd make fun of the way I talked. No one really liked me. Why? I don't think I was too popular.


Like who likes the new guy? you know? Were you, was it like that back then? There was only a couple new guys. Yeah, like the platoon would get like two new guys and like you're on shit detail till they get another one, you know? And then, yeah, I just, you know, like there was times where my squad leader's like, I'm gonna send the head private in here to square you away. Yeah. I'll just knock that fool out in my room. you know what I mean? Like walk out in the hallway, you got another private boss. Like, and then like, you know, as I put in my time, you know what I mean? I became like, you know, one of the, you know, you know how it goes. You progressed through the platoon, you know, Who did you gravitate towards?


I mean, you had to have somebody that kind of took you under the wing. Correct? I don't gravitate to anybody. I roll alone. I stand alone no matter where I am. I don't care if I'm gonna fit the other guys. And that's kind of the way I always seen it. And the whole mentor thing is lost on me. Really? Yeah. Interesting. Yeah, Everyone's flawed. How you gonna have a mentor? you know, there's guys that showed me shit, but like, I never really, Aren't you mentoring people at SOB Tactical? I would say no. No. I mean, I think I'm a great role model, but I'm not like trying to convince you anything. I want you to be the best you, you could be.


So, I don't know, maybe I do mentor, maybe it's just the way I see it, but yeah, in the platoon, like, you know, and then like as I got up there, you know, as a, you know, I went to the sniper section. I was a, the company sniper forever. Like what a fucking great job that was for me. How Long did it take you to get to Sniper? Long time, probably like three and a half years. It took me like a year and a half to get to ranger school. Our platoon had so many guys on the list, you know what I mean? And then, and then you could jump the list like once in a while they'd be like, okay, random PT test, highest score amongst the private gets the next slot. I'm not the, I'm not the fastest guy.


Even though I could probably do the most pushups and situps, I'm not gonna be the fastest guy on the run. So like some fucking little guy running that fucking, you know, 11 minute two miles is gonna fucking crush me. Yeah. So I had to wait till my time. Let's talk about, I mean, did you always wanna go to Sniper? Fuck, I didn't know. No one knew. I didn't know what that shit was back then. you know what I mean? They're like, you wanna be a sniper? I'm like, yes. Why would I say no at that point? you know what I mean? I didn't really know what it entailed, but I can tell you this, like great at navigation, I never get lost. Like I'd lead the company like, and then, you know, like, I don't know, like just company training one one year we're like in Eglin Air Force base.


Like I'm the sniper team, so I gotta recon the route for the company. Like I'd walk to the next creek and get in and just sit in for a little cool down, like get up. you know what I mean? And then I was like, and then I would start giving the company like where I got in the water and cooled down. I'd give that to as like, Hey, this is where you need to move to next. you know what I mean? Like, and then get to like, he told us to move to a creek. Like, you know what I mean? I don't know if, and then like some days when it was super hot, the commander would be like, creek to creek just like that. I'm like, okay. And he'd tell everyone, get in the water, cool down, keep moving. Right. But yeah, I like the autonomy of it. I'll do my job.


You ain't gotta worry about me. I'll get this shit done. you know what I mean? You guys just make sure you do your shit. What? What did you deploy with them? Rangers? Yeah man, I jumped in Iraq in 91. No shit. Yeah. Fucking compound fracture my fucking leg. Right? Here. Yeah, I jumped in. Was that Pres sniper? I as a private, I was a private when I jumped in Iraq. Oh man, I gotta hear about this. So how long were you at Ranger of Battalion? Before? About five years. Five years? Yeah. I wanted to stay like it was my, it was my jam. It's where I thought I fit.


And then like we had some asshole sergeant major that was like, like dudes that were like five and a half years we're coming on orders to like Korea. I don't wanna go to Korea. Like I have nothing against, nothing against Koreans, you know what I mean? Like, like it's cold there. Like I don't know what they do there. you know what I mean? Like no interest ever in going to the DMZ for the Army. Like zero interest from this guy. Maybe that makes me a bad Army guy. So fucking be it. But I was like, how can I control where I go? So I put in for the Special forces selection. Well, before we get there, let's go to the jump in Iraq. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean it sounds, so you joined the military to become a mechanic.


Yeah. First that didn't work out. So then you went Airborne Ranger. I mean, did you, was combat on your mind at all? Fuck yes. It's all you talk about as a young private ranger battalion, the news is like, there's trouble in Haiti. You're like, let's go airfield jump. We mow everybody down. Like, you know what I mean? Like you're riding this rollercoaster and then they're like, there's trouble in Sierra Leone. Like let's go, we're gonna jump on the, you know what I mean? So like, as a young guy, fuck that's all you thought about? you know what I mean? When is the, did you see any combat in Iraq?


No, it's a fucked up jump. 30 knot winds, general Grange. Then Colonel Grange was the matter of fact, I just did a water jump with him last year. I had beefed out with him. I was like, I got beef with you. You are the only motherfucker to puncture my fucking body in 20 motherfucking years. Right? And then IJMP him in his static line shoot. And I'm just like, Ooh, snatching shit. And then my buddy Danny's like, yo, you done jerking the general around. I'm like, I feel better. Like we, we beefed it out. We're best friends now. Like, so General Grange was the commander then, but I had a great time with him last year.


He's a friend of mine, but at the time, I'm just a private in the back of the stack, you know, static line up my fucking shit on combat, loaded to the fucking teeth. Who knew how much I weighed mortar rounds in my backpack, fucking everything, the whole ranger combat fucking load out thing, you know? And then we jump in 30 knot winds. I landed off the airfield, my backpack hooked on this like bombed building with like rebar, like hooked on the rebar and literally kind of set me down. And then this leg hit rebar and I was kind of laying there when I landed.


And I'm like, okay. And then I, I learned this from the Brits, you know, okay, this hand seems good, this hand seems good, this leg and foot seems good. And I lifted this one up and it was like this in the sand. So I dumped some water on it and that water got in there burned immediately. I'm like, and then like a big J on my shin, compound bone was broke. So I kind of push it in, pinch the skin in. Back then we didn't have like, I think I did a double pressure dressing, you know what I mean? Like with the dry bond rags is like really what they gave us for meds. I did a double pressure dressing and got up, got my shit, walked through the minefield on the outside of the airfield, jumped the fence and then walked the airfield to make link up.


And then I got to link up. you know, I'm just a private, I got to link up. We had this first sergeant, coolest like Mexican guy ever day ever. Like this guy. And his name's Ivan, I don't know, but blame his parents and Ivan's like, Hey God, damnit, you made it, you know? And I'm like, thanks first sergeant. He's like, put your shit down and like one of the first guys to make it too. And he's like, I was like, Hey, is the medic here? And he is like, yeah, what's happening? He was like, oh, something happened? I'm like, yeah. And he is like, doc, get over here. Medic comes over, you know, cut that off. So I cut it off with scissors. They look at it and, and then, and then the first time I was like, oh God, damnit.


you know what I mean? And then the, the medic was like, who did the dressing? So I was like, well I did sergeant, it's a double. I did a double pressure dressing one and then another to try to close the gap 'cause it was too big. And he was like, goes in his bag, throws me more shit, put that back on. I'm like thinking fucking this. All this goes, you know? So they like had to do some road march, whatever the mission was gonna be, kind of petered out. They end up walking like 50 fucking miles for no reason with all this heavy shit. So all I missed was like a fucking heavy tactical road march, which I would've crushed anyway 'cause road march is what I do.


But yeah. And then I was just kind of broke and they were supposed to cast my leg and then my squad leader, 'cause I'm a private, you're not going to see the medic. Can I see the medic? My leg hurts. You're just being a pussy. So I went through that for a while. And then by the time my squad leader was gone one day I went to actually see the medic. They're like, how come you didn't come back for your cast? I'm like, I tried. Like I tried. Well it's too late now. And then, and then the ranger doc, this guy, doc Donovan, he was a, he's a ranger legend, right? And he was like, he's like, he's talking to me like I'm gonna get outta the army or be med boarded because of this.


And I'm like, I'm not getting out. How do we fucking fix it so there's less pain? you know? And he was like, what? I'm like, yeah, I don't want to get out. I'm not here to bitch over this. I'm here to fucking figure out like how I can get back to running in the morning without so much fucking pain. And then like, I was like, it was weird. Like I didn't want to get out. you know what I mean? That's not why I was complaining about it. I was complaining 'cause it fucking hurt. Which is why I thought you'd go to the medics, but that's not always true. So, yeah. So it just fucking sucked it up for a while. And eventually it got better. Are did you say you're still a private after five years?


Me? No. Okay. I thought you said it took five years to get to combat or to, to this jump. Oh, no. This is when I, this was like 91 when I was new, new in Ranger Battalion. Okay. I was a new guy. Okay. Yeah. It took me five years. I, I did five years in Ranger Battalion and then I went to sf. Okay. I mean, I just, I'm curious. So when, how long were you at Ranger Battalion before you jumped in Rack? A year. Max. A year? Like, yeah. So what was, I mean, last, what was your, how did that brief come down?


Fuck man, the whole regiment. There's a fucking war going on. We're going to fucking war, baby. Everyone's like, yeah, who wants grenades? You are like, I do, I do. Who needs another claim? Or, you know what I mean? The fucking, as soon as they start throwing grenades and claymores around, you know, this shit's fucking real. you know what I mean? Were you pretty pumped about it or Super pumped? And then it was like, it was exactly like every airborne school fucking song, you know what I mean? Like C one 40, you know, 64 jumpers, whatever the fuck. I don't even remember them songs. Yeah. I'm doing this poorly, right? But like, we got on the planes, we flew to Iraq, we fucking rigged up, we jumped the fuck out.


It was great. But it was 30 knot wins and it fucked up a ton of dudes. I think there was like, man, it had to be like, I don't, I, I don't know man. It was a lot like 80 backboards out there with dudes taped to 'em, you know what I mean? Like, and then like dudes, 'cause the winds were so high. Dudes got drugs. I see. Like remember the old like LBE thing that held the magazines like three magazines and like the lid came off with like the plastic buckle on the front. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Remember those that would be ground in half and you could see every bullet in the magazine still. And like, yeah. So like when I got to the, the medic point when they're like, Hey, you're not going on the road march, you know your medical, these are backboards.


You guys gotta go to the hospital. Right? Dudes raped me for my gear, like raped me. So here I am injured having to just carry all my shit in a fucking ball. I don't even have a backpack. So I tuck my shit. So you come back from that, you do some sniper, you go to sniper school. Yeah. How was Sniper School? US Army Sniper fucking joke. Really ridiculous. Yeah. The stocks, you had to get like 30 meters from a fucking truck and you're shooting an M 14 blank. you know what I mean? you know how much fucking ga they like the gas probably touches the fucking truck. you know what I mean? Like, it's fucking ridiculous. I mean, I, I did, well, I passed.


I, you know, I shoot well, but like, I thought it was a joke and they like tried to smoke us one morning and it's like your regular army, you're fat, you're outta shape. Like why even add two hours of fitness in here? It only makes you look bad. Like teach us something. you know what I mean? Yeah. So I thought, although it's the mark of the man, you gotta pass to have your job, even though you're already a sniper, right? You gotta know the basics. I, I thought it was a little unrealistic, which made it harder than it needed to be. I think it could be a little more realistic and guys would learn more and do better later instead of only thinking like, I gotta get 30 yards on a stock.


Good point. Good point. Did you do any other deployments in Ranger Battalion? Yeah, tons. Like I think we were in Egypt during, you know, Mogadishu, we were in Egypt at the Sinai waiting on the word. I've done a ton of shit in Ranger battalion fucking jungle school so many times in Panama. Like, I don't even wanna talk about it. Like I'm a jungle expert. I don't know how many fucking times over. It's not even funny. you know what I mean? Oh right. Yeah. I did a ton of shit in Ranger Battalion. Tons of shit. Well, what caught your interest in sf? I didn't want to end up in Korea. That's it. Sit.


That's all I knew. I mean, think about it, in fucking, in the nineties there was no internet. Like I didn't know, I didn't even know what a fucking ranger was. And I did that and then like, these guys are going to special forces selection. Like what was it like? And then a buddy of mine that was like, there's nothing you can't do every day. I'm like, I think I'll try this out. And that's what I told myself the whole time. There's nothing today that I can't do. Well, let's take a quick break and then we'll dive into that.


Okay Folks, you know it. America has never been this close to collapse. To make matters worse, we're right around the corner from an unprecedented political powder keg. And folks, the sparks are flying. But Smart Americans know this and are fighting back by investing in emergency preparedness now while they still can. And I strongly urge you to do the same by going to prepare with sean.com right now. If My Patriot Supply, you'll find the best in class survival, food critical, potentially lifesaving gear like solar generators, biomass stoves, water filters, heirloom seeds, and much, much more. Everything you'll need to deal with what's right around the corner for this country. My Patriot Supply is tenacious, largest and most trusted emergency preparedness company and has helped over 3 million American families prepare for the unthinkable. Their famous, delicious food kits, which are packed in ultra durable, heavy duty pouches, deliver over 2000 calories a day and can last up to two and a half decades in storage. Plus your essential supplies ship lightning fast, which frankly these days could make all the difference order by 3:00 PM and your supplies will ship that same day in discreet unmarked boxes. Go to prepare with sean.com right now so you can join the ranks of the elite Americans who are ready for what's coming.


Donald Trump is officially the next president of the United States of America. While millions of Americans are celebrating the victory, thousands of others are still concerned about their savings. The unfortunate truth is we still have a $35 trillion debt. The interest on that debt could now be larger than our entire defense budget for the first time in history. Plus, the wars that started during the Biden administration are still raging across the globe. So what can you do to help protect your savings? Many Americans are already taking action by reaching out to a top rated precious metals company that's Goldco right now. Goldco is offering a free gold and silver kit to show you how precious metals like gold and silver, could help you diversify your savings before it's too late. Visit Sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 Gold to get your copy free of charge. Plus you could receive up to a 10% instant match on bonus silver for qualified accounts. Visit sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. That's sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


All right, John, we're back from the break. Getting ready to go to SF selection that came across your radar. You don't want to go to Korea. Yeah. So how did it come across your radar though? I'm just curious, Man. Like other guys in my platoon went. So, you know, this is an interesting thing. Like back in the the nineties, no fucking internet people these days ask me like, I want to follow your path. you know, how did you know your, there was no fucking path. Like it's a roll the fucking dice man. you know what I mean? You just fucking went and you tried like mark of a man, you know? But guys that went to the unit disappeared forever.


You never seen him in Ranger Battalion. Like gone, you're never gonna see him again. Why? Unit didn't do nothing with the Rangers back then. you know what I mean? And then those guys were just gone. So the SF guy, the guys that go to SF Selection would come back and like be around a little while before they left or something. So you'd get to talk to 'em, you know what I mean? The guys that went to the unit were gone within the month. Like you never seen 'em again. Interesting. So like the time I went to SF selection, I figured I'm not married and I'm too young for the unit. And that's kind what guys thought back then. Gotcha, Gotcha.


Mature married guys, this is who they take. So I figured, well, I'm still just a single guy, whatever, I'll do SF or I might've been married at the time, but I figured I'd do special forces. A buddy of mine went, said it was, he was like, it's nothing you couldn't do every day. Well fuck that sounds like me right there. you know what I mean? So I went, How was it? I was on the fucking worst team ever in the history of Special Forces selection. I'm pretty fucking sure of it. you know what I mean? No shit. Why is that dude? Like, I was just on a team with a bunch of fucking pussies.


you know what I mean? Fucking let's just say it like it is. Like, you know, like the smokings are only for so many hours. You can only do so many fucking pushups. This isn't a fucking thing. This is daily shit in Ranger Battalion. you know what I mean? And that guy's like, huh? And like we're doing Log I had a nickname zero for a while for, for selection and like the mandatory log day where it's like, huh, one, you know what I mean? Like, you do the log or you lift it up, you, you know, it's like 12 people on a fucking log, right? Okay. If all 12 people actually lifted the log, the log ain't fucking heavy. But when everyone's bitched up, like it's like it makes the heavy end a lot fucking heavier, right?


It makes the light end a lot fucking heavier. So like, and we're doing the log pt and like my team is just fucking like, except for like one or two guys on my team, like we might as well be the fucking, you know, the retard squad out here. I don't fucking know, you know, it's, it's fucking sad. So it's like one, you know, and they count the cadence like 1, 2, 3, 4, and then you yell the number like one, you know what I'm saying? I just started yelling zero fucking zero motherfuckers zero, right? So I yelled zero so many times one of the cadre came up to me and he was like, yell zero again and you may not make it through selection. I'm like, Roger, that's Sarge.


1, 2, 3, 4, fucking zero again. Motherfuckers like, I yelled zero again. you know what I mean? So there he's like, you with me? So he brings me to the front of everybody. Everyone gets a break while they're fucking with me. So anyone in my selection course, you're fucking welcome. Especially you fucking pussies. you know what I mean? Anyway, so they gimme my own six foot log. The six foot log is worse than the big log, you know what I mean? But at this point, I can't be the fucking, I can't be weak here, you know what I mean? I got myself into this position and you know how you get outta this position? You fucking rockstar that shit.


I grabbed that log 1, 2, 3, fucking 0, 1, 2, 3, 0. I just kept yelling zero. There's the pathway for everybody that's asking. There you go. And then, so everyone called me zero in selection, but like that little log was no joke. Yeah. I literally had to like do shit, be strong fucking breathe, you know what I mean? Probably A log girth here than the other logs. Eh? You would know you're in the fucking navy. you know what I mean? Yeah. So anyway, yeah. And then like, you know, like you start first thing in the morning and then you gotta do like your selection event or whatever the fucking craziness they throw at you during the day.


And like most teams are getting done around like three o'clock with their first event. And there's a couple nights we came in like bedtime and they just let us out there walking with these fucking whatever bullshit we're fucking doing that day. Like I was on the worst team ever. And then I thought this was interesting, the final road march for selection. Like literally you walk, they line everybody up, you know? And I think there's like a gunshot or someone yells go or air horn or something, you know, like go, everyone takes off like a fucking bat outta hell. And I'm just thinking, you ever been on a fucking 20 miler or 25 mile road marks?


Like that is not the speed you start at. You start slow and you taper off. you know what I'm saying? That's how you win. And like all these people take off. So I'm just like, so I just start walking, right? And then about two miles in, there's a creek you got across, right? And I never seen this before. Like dudes would stop and they're trying to put a garbage bag over their leg. No. And over their sock bullshit. I seen tons of fucking dudes doing this. I, so I just walked right fucking through this gave me a major lead on all that fucking assholes. you know what I mean? And like are you, Are you serious? Yeah.


They're putting trash bags over their pants so they can So they don't get wet. Yeah. Holy shit. Wow. Wow. I, I never even seen that. you know what I Mean? I haven't seen that. I just walked through and I think later I had to take a shit and I changed my socks 'cause they were a little wet, you know what I mean? But it's only 'cause I had to take a shot. But I just walked through and when I came in you had to turn in like you gotta have like the star cluster, you know the star, I don't know what you guys call them, the star cluster and it goes right, yeah. You had to carry a couple those. So if you get lost, you know, part of the procedure to find you, right?


Well you get done, there's a guy sitting there with a box and he's like, throw your, throw your shit in the box. And I was like, okay. So I throw him in the box and the box isn't like empty. I was like in this box and he was like, yeah, I'm like, there's nothing in it. He's like, yeah, throw 'em in the box. So I dropped them in the box and I was like, there's nothing in the box. How many guys are done? He was like, there's another guy just hit the showers. That's what he told me. So me and another guy finished like first. And it's not like I walked fast or hard, I just fucking walked through the water, you know what I mean? It wasn't magic, you know what I mean? I just kept a good pace the whole time.


So I thought the team part, I thought special forces selection, the premise of it's fucking stupid, right? Because you're gonna do all this shit all day long, all this physical shit. And then they're gonna put you in the barracks at like dark and you can't sleep till 10. And then you're gonna get major points if you fall asleep, motherfucker, you walk me all day long, the only thing I'm gonna do is fall asleep. you know what I mean? So I thought the premise of the SF selection was kind of flawed even then. But I passed so fuck everybody else. you know what I mean? So where did you go from there? Seventh group. Seventh group?


Yeah. And your first deployment was, well actually how was it showing up to seventh Group versus Ranger Battalion? Yeah, my team sucked. It sucked. You didn't like it? Fuck no. Like we had no bullets. We didn't fucking shoot, we didn't do shit. You had a fucking, it was like more army than the Ranger Battalion was. No shit. Yeah. What year was this? Fucking mid nineties. Like 95. So what were you guys doing? Nothing. Unless we went to like, we went to El Salvador and then we did like we, we trot like basic like leadership for like e fives, whatever they would call that.


We did like Land N some leadership, basic shit. But when we were at brag, we didn't do shit. That's why I was like, this fucking sucks. So very unimpressive for you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially leaving like the brotherhood of Ranger Battalion, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like we had shitty days together, a lot of us, you know what I mean? And that just builds those bonds, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't think SF got good till 2001. Wow. Wow. You know what I mean? In my opinion. And And I don't think it's any good right now. The SF baby program just ruins it, in my opinion.


Really? Yeah. Why is that? Because there's never been one fucking outstanding SF Baby as a leader that I know of. No shit. How long's that program been around? Fuck man. It was on and off in the nineties and then they turned it off and now it's back on for the SF Baby program. I would say this, you gotta be in the army and you gotta know what it's like to truly suck. Because what happens is, seeing this through the war years, especially as a SAR major, is the SF community. There's so many new guys rising through the ranks in combat super quickly, as fast as the army elect you. Right? that guy was never in the army.


So he creates a parallel universe of suck that is just like the army. But he thinks he's cool, but he's doing all the same stupid shit. Guys that came from Ranger Battalion, the army that knows what it's like to be fucking, you know, my first, first sergeant reached in my toilet elbow deep, pulled his hand out. What's this? I said, shit, first sergeant, what else would be in the fucking toilet? Do fucking pushups. you know what I mean? Like not clean enough. Like if you ain't ever seen that shit, you're prone to that shit. You've seen that shit once and know you don't want that in your life and you're not gonna be like that. Right? You create this another parallel track, which is the fucking adult network of the army.


you Know what I mean? Interesting, interesting. What were you guys doing in El Salvador? We just taught like a basic leader course navigation, basic leadership, pt, shit like that. Okay. Nothing of any, any real importance? No. I mean, a couple of the tels we were at had been overrun and guys had died in 'em, you know, late eighties, couple years before, you know, FLMN just kinda that whole thing just died down, you know? But you know, I was 18 Charlie, the 18 Charlies that I hung out with. Like we're on the land nav course, I'm with like the guy I am supposed to be with my like counterpart or whatever.


We're at this fucking rando intersection and he's like, yo, we haloed in just over there. Came to this fucking ambushed, killed a hundred dudes, like right here, right here. And he's like, yeah. And I'm just thinking you almost, this guy's supposed to be learning from me. He haloed in claymore, dudes killed hundreds. Like what am I gonna teach this guy? Yeah. You know what I mean? So we did basic leadership, it was a good time. And then I just, I did 10 months in group and I, I just wasn't impressed. That's It. You were only there for 10 months and then you screened for Delta.


How did that come across Your radar? Yeah, I was at a, I was at this guy's house at like one in the morning drinking, smoking cigars. And he handed me a piece of paper, which was a, an old dirt track across from the prison on Bragg. And he is like, it said 6:00 AM at this field. And I'm like, the fuck is this? He's like, you're taking the PT test at six. And I'm like, I'm fucking hammered. It's one in the morning. We're dri I'm at your house drinking cigars. I am not going to a Delta Force selection tomorrow morning at six. He's like, yeah ya are. Whoa, who is This? A Mogadishu guy?


His code name's Elvis. He was in my Q course and like just sat next to me. So me and him were ranger buddies, but at first I thought, who the fuck is this random E seven in the Q course that is good at nothing we fucking do. you know what I mean? He's not good at the charges, he is not good at reading. He's not like, who the fuck is this crazy old guy in the Q course? you know what I mean? And then well, turns out he was a unit guy, you know what I mean? Crossing over. So he was coming from the unit DSF? No, He was going from 11 to 18 to get promoted in the unit. Gotcha. Back in the day, special forces guys used to get promoted a lot quicker.


So the infantry guys would go to the Q course pass. Right. If they pass now they're a special forces guy, they go back to the unit and then they get promoted on the special forces track instead of infantry. Okay. And back in the day, that was just quicker for guys. Interesting. So this guy coaxed you into taking Yeah, so I went home, I told him, fucking not only no, but fucking hell no. And then Curiosity killed the cat, you know what I mean? I showed up anyway. Did you get any sleep that night? None. And he said, he did tell me that. I was like, I I'm in no shape to take this fucking PT test, you know? And he was like, all you gotta do is pass the Army standard to get in.


Which that's pretty fucking wild. What Is it that you think he saw in you that he wanted you to, to to, to try out, to scream, Fuck, I'm squared away. I'm good at every fucking thing and if I ain't good, I'm gonna practice till I am good. you know what I mean? So of everybody like, why not? And then, you know, turns out later a bunch of the guys from IQ course ended up in the unit. You probably talked to a couple of 'em, I think. No kidding. I would not doubt that. But yeah, I don't know what he saw. you know, I just, I'm a seven. When you gimme a written test, it's gonna be 70% you let me put my hands on shit.


I'm really good at that. Right. I was a mechanic. I can figure it out. And I'm really handy at a lot of shit. So you show up at, at unit selection, 6:00 AM no sleep. What's, I mean, just describe that experience. I show up some fucking rando dude. Like, and when I say rando doesn't even look like a fucking army guy. Rando, you know what I mean? Like rando dude with a clipboard. Like what's your name? Alright, all right. Pushups Go Situps, go. Right. And the run, there was two of my team leaders in Ranger battalion in, in that, at that PT test.


And they're like, what the fuck you doing here? You're not gonna fucking pass. And then I made sure on the last lap or two, I lapped him. you know what I mean? I wasn't gonna lap him, but then I was like, man, you know what I mean? I got a little gas in the tank. Hey, by the way, I'm hung over. Yeah, yeah. By the way, I haven't slept. And then yeah, I passed and you know, I got my selection date. Went to select unit selection. How long, how long, how much time are we talking between the screen test and going to selection A month?


That's it. Yeah. Not even. So you just, you go back to seventh group and then hang out for a month. How was that at seventh group waiting to go? Mm Dude. When I got orders for that Delta Force selection, you know what I mean? Like, they wanted to give me scuba school, they wanted me, you know what I mean? They wanted to gimme everything at that point. Why? Why did they want to give you everything if they're just gonna lose you? Well, they didn't wanna lose me. Oh. So they're trying To like, oh, Okay, we'll give you scuba school, we'll give you, like, they're trying to keep me around. I gotcha. And, and they're like, well, we'll give you a pre scuba and you could do that as your train up. You'll be in super good shape.


Before, before selection, which would would've been a true statement, but my feet would've been soft for walking all those fucking miles. you know what I mean? And that's why I didn't go. Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. So you show up to OTC. Yeah. What does OTC stand for? Operator training. Oh yeah. Okay. Ain't no magic in unit acronyms, you know what I Mean? So how was, how was that showing up there? You're now at the, at the, at the top. Yo you show up, there's like fucking 10 kit bags.


Everything is perfectly sized to you, has your fucking name on it. Like all you got already packed, all you gotta do is throw 'em on your shelves and start fucking training. Like I had never seen that. you know what I mean? And I'll tell you another thing is like when you pass selection, which selection was great by the way. No one fucks with you. They just let you walk for days and miles and days and no one talks to you. And like it's fucking gray is the best thing ever. When I put on them GS G nine assault boots. So when you get done and you pass, you go like into the next room and they had all this gear laid out where you gotta try on your sizes. So when you show up, they got all your shit the right size and everything and you just start fucking training, right?


So I put on them GS G nine assault boots. Remember those? There was a day where those were like hot, like, you know what I mean? I had only seen, I might've seen one picture with a dude with those boots, but I heard they wore them. And that's kind of all I knew. So fucking fuck you internet for ruining the mystique of fucking walking into something blind. you know what I mean? But I put on them boots and that's when I was like, hold fuck the army. Don't do this. you know what I mean? Like, And then you get there and it's just like all the bags, your sizes packed.


I mean, fucking tip top man. Top notch. Let me rewind just a, just a minute back to selection. It sounds like you pretty much breezed through every tryout you've been through up to this point. How was selection? Unit selection? Yeah. Fucking loved it. Was it challenging for you? No. Are you serious? Yeah. The first person I've ever heard say it, But I fucking loved every minute of it. But this is the premise or the core of what makes me me, leave me in the fuck alone. Point me in the right direction.


So I, I just did that every day. Do you wanna describe selection? Oh Yeah. So selection's kind of easy fucking process. There's no real magic to it. you know, start out, they teach you navigation. If you fucking listen to the classes, where the best fucking classes I've ever had on navigation, if you just listen to what the fuck they told you, you could fucking pass. But guys in the map reading classes think they fucking know it all. So they don't pay attention to the detail, right? And then, so you get your map reading classes, you do a couple weeks of fucking walking around the mountains, you know what I mean?


Like little kind of warm up, whatever you call it, right? And then fucking it hits you. You're in the field and like you got fucking 10 maps and you're like, I'm here one map sheet, two map sheets, three map sheets. I'm going here. And it's like, have a good one. And you're fucking off. So the thing that really fucking, I think I liked, but the army doesn't like, is no one tells you shit. There's no encouragement, there's no dis encouragement, right? And then they're like, you know, they'd write on the board eight o'clock, be at the truck and that's all they'd say. And guys like, well, I mean, what, what do you think you gotta have? Like, well they also say don't be late light or outta uniform.


So bring your shit, make sure it weighs right. And fucking let's go. I mean, I just thought selection was all skill level one tasks. And I had a great time walking through the mountains. I loved every fucking second man. Well, no, there's one day I didn't love so much, but other than that, I fucking loved it. What was that day Man? I started get a little chafe, like my inner thighs started getting shaf, right? And I knew I needed like Vaseline or something to walk during the day so I wouldn't get chafed. I didn't want to go to the medic. 'cause the thing is, is you go to the medic, you're automatically out. That's what guys think. So like, I didn't want to go to the medic.


So finally one night, you know, you gotta put up like a poncho hooch, like knee high, you gotta lay, you gotta sleep under it out in the field, right? So I'm under my poncho hooch and I was like, I'm just gonna walk over to the medic thing and just ask for some Vaseline or something. Vaseline gauze, any type of lube, you know what I mean? So I go to the medic station, I knock on the Humvee, he opens the back of the, you know, the old medic Humvee where the stairs came down on the doors, right? So I go up in there and it's me and him in the back of a Humvee. So we're like two feet apart, you know what I mean? And I was like, Hey, my, my legs, inner thighs are a little shaved, kind of like bottom of my butt cheeks.


Also like, could I get some Vaseline or something? He's like, drop your drawers, show me what we're like this fucking far away in the back of a Humvee, the medical Humvee. you know what I mean? I'm like, what? And he is like, drop your drawer, show me. And I'm like, this motherfucker right here. So literally bent over, spread my ass cheeks and made sure I got it as close to his fucking face as possible. you know what I mean? He's like, looks like you're a little chafed, yo captain. Obvious. Like, you're crushing it over here. Like, keep going. you know?


So he's like, looks like you're a little chafed. I'm gonna give you some stuff. Here's what I want you to do. Go back to your hooch, clean yourself off really good. The areas with the wet nap from the MRE, I'm like, okay, I got mre. He's like, you know, they give us to it. They gotta feed us. I got those. And he's like, gives me this stuff. Rub this on, it'll go away. Okay. So I walk outta the Humvee, I look at what he gives me, and it's analgesic bomb. So I don't know what the fucking analgesic bomb is, you know what I mean? I don't know what that means, but I know this A NAL is the first words.


And that's exactly where I'm smearing this shit. So I figured, yo, this is, this is something for your ass. It's analgesic bomb. Why else? My ass hurts. He gives me something that says anal on it. It just seems like if this is Latin or something, it seems like this feels right. you know? So I go in my, you know what fucking analgesic bomb is? I don't, but I, yeah, I guess we're about to find out. Yeah, it's not fucking funny. I'm gonna tell you that right now. This doesn't, this doesn't not funny. So I do the wet naps. I wipe my shit. I clean my shit as bas, I'm a good soldier. Clean your shit. He said, clean your shit. I clean my shit, right? And then analgesic bomb, like, and I'm raw too, so I might as well fucking use this whole tube.


you know? I wanna save some for later if it works. But like, I need most of it right now 'cause I'm really chafed, so I get a good amount on my fingers and I'm rubbing my shit, you know what I mean? And at first, like the cream was like cool and cold, you know what I mean? So it went on, it was cooling. It was like, ah, analgesic bomb is fucking Ben gay. He had me rub fucking Ben gay on raw meat on the inside of my ass. My asshole, my thighs like Ben Gay on my fucking raw shit. Are you fucking sick? you know what I mean? What the fuck is wrong with this guy? This is what I'm thinking. you know? So I'm in, I'm in my poncho hooch screaming in fucking pain without making a noise till it was fucking done burning.


When it got done burning, it didn't chafe again. Not cool. you know what I mean? And then when I got to my squadron, my troop had run selection. So I went to the selection, I went to the troop that ran my selection. That dude was my medic. How'd that Go? My first medic. And I was like, Hey, can I, and I'm, I'm a new, I'm a new guy on the team. Luckily the, the like mid-level guy to like next to be leadership guy on my team was in Ranger Battalion and we were really good friends. So I'm like, yo, what's up with this fucking medic dude? you know what I mean? And he was like, his nickname was ass wound.


Another story, right? And he was like, you mean ass wound, So-and-So I'm like, he wounded my ass. He's like, no, he wounded someone else's ass. And I'm like, oh no, he wounded my ass too. Right? And then I had to tell him the story and every time I'd see the guy, I'd be like, I need whatever. Like, I got no patience for you anymore. you know, analgesic bomb fool me once, fuck me. you know what I mean? But yeah, he was my first medic. Let's talk about when you, when you left selection, when you knew that you had made it into OOTC. I was In group one month and I was in OTC 30 days max.


How was OTC for you? Fucking great. I sucked at a lot of shit. I was probably, I was, I think the first time I ran the o course, it was so fucking, I didn't even know how to run an old course. Do you go over the rope or under the rope? Do you fucking, I didn't know any of this. And in ranger battalion, in ranger school, you do the Darby Queen, but like, I don't fucking remember that, you know what I mean? It wasn't a time. It's just kind of like, this is fun and they're feeding us, you know? So like, I had done o courses, but like, I didn't know how to do an o course.


So like my time was like, I don't even remember what my time was, like the worst time in history. And my counselor's like, you know, we've never failed anybody out of the unit for the o course, but you could definitely be the first person for this for sure. I'm like, Thank you in my counseling. Yes sir. Thank, you can I have another? you know what I mean? And then through the course, if I was weak at something, I was there early in the morning on the weekends. I got with guys that, throughout the bill I got with my cadre, I got with them to ask their buddies who were like, CT Olympians, guys that like have orangutan arms that just fucking make the old horse look like easy.


I did that on weekdays after work with these guys, show me these techniques. And then like the end of the end of it, I came in like second or third on a rainy day where guys were busting their ass. Why my tech technique was fucking tight. It could have rained, it could have anything. I'd have ran the same thing because now I knew how to do it right. So I put in the extra miles. I came in early, I did the work. 'cause I think as soon as I got to the building, I knew I didn't want to be anywhere else. Can we talk about the shooting package a little bit? Hmm. What about it? What do you wanna know? Everything. You know, it starts out kind of easy, basic rifle marksmanship, whatever the army calls that shit, you start shooting your rifles, your zero.


They teach you how to zero, shoot some bullseye, you know, do your 100, 200, 300. And then before you even go shoot a round with a pistol, you'll do a lot of hours of fucking dry fire on a sticky before you even get one bullet with that pistol. you know what I mean? So there's a lot of days a dry fire before you even get your first round. And then as the pistol starts, you know, you're kind of far along as the pistol starts, right? And then there's a progression to it. And really it's like, I don't know, it's a bunch of different topics that they gotta put together. So, you know, one of the topics is like helicopters riding in helicopters, repelling, fast roping, like all that shit.


Like that could be a module within itself. So you do like a little marksmanship, another module back to marksmanship. you know what I mean? They break it Up throughout the day. Okay. Or throughout the, the, the, the whole total time. But the marksmanship standards are no fucking joke. Yeah, that's what I hear. They're not fucking playing. I sucked. I fucking sucked with a pistol when I first started. And then, I don't know, I probably, I was probably winning the shooting program for probably most of my OTC class. And then I had like one fucking day where I dropped like 10 points, like one bad string and put me in third and I couldn't recover.


It's so competitive. There was no way to get back to the top. What did you find to be the most challenging portion of OTC? Of OTC? Hmm. I would say the most challenging thing in general is not going out when you're other places. Training in training is not going and fucking partying. Really? Yeah. Fuck yeah man. You're gonna show up tomorrow hungover. Like when I got to OTC and I am the party guy, right? Like, I'm the good time guy. I'm the fun panda. I will go buy beer, I'll bring my own alcohol.


you know, I didn't go out, I didn't do any of that in OTC. And a lot of guys thought I was a plant. Like they wouldn't talk in front of me. They wouldn't anything. And then like, guys that knew me are like, what's the deal? And it's like, this is the only place I want to be. I don't need any of that shit. you know? So I would say the, the thing that fucking trips guys up more than anything is like, let's say for example, you're out in Nashville, you know what I mean? And you could go to bed at eight o'clock and come in tomorrow and be really good at what we gotta do. Or we ended up till three in the morning out partying. you know what I mean? And like at that level it shows.


Yeah, Yeah. you know what I mean? Like when you know you're in Ranger battalion with a hundred guys and you're at the top of the pack, I could sh show up, hung over and still be in the top of the pack. When it's that competitive, you show up hungover, like, you know, take a last place today, you'll never recover from that. you know what I mean? Yeah. So I think the most challenging thing is young men being men. How about performance wise in, in training? What did you find the most mo the most challenging portion of the course? I don't even know, man. I didn't think it was really challenging in the sense that it's very professionally ran.


So like they tell you what you need to do, And, if you need help, some guy will fucking show you, you know, not like other places in the Army or for even green team at the seals, there's no selection, right? And then what happens is you get to a spot and we're gonna train you, but we're also hazing you to weed you out at the same time. Right? That doesn't lead to a good product. The Rangers do that, you know, the, you know, seals do that. I mean, it ends up being, a lot of times that's how things work, right? Is we're training here. But you're also gonna get weeded out by this training also, right? So when you get to the unit, it's, if I, if you're gonna be the world's best, the world's best is gonna show you how to be the world's best.


So there's, So, and this is a different thing, you know? So OTC, they, by the time you get to OTC, they want you, they don't want to get rid of you. No, no. They want everybody. It'll never be full. you know what I mean? I don't care how big DOD is. It's not a big enough pool to keep the ranks full. So they want every person, you, you already walked the walk, there's no hazing, it's first name. Like, you need help. Hey Bob, like, fucking show me that pistol thing again. No shit. So it's, it's a, would you consider it a gentleman's course? Yeah. In the sense that no one's gonna fuck with you now if you're getting fucked with, you're fucking something up.


you know what I mean? How did it feel when you, you graduated OTC? Yeah, I was, I was one of the first guys drafted and that felt good. What does that mean? Drafted? It's a draft. The squadrons need bodies. One squadron might need more. There's a rotation, you know, you know, this squadron gets people this, you know, you got your squadrons taking people, but what if they need more? There's a rotation, they might have the priority, but these guys get more guys. So it ends up being a draft, like the NFL. And then the earlier you're drafted, the more you're wanted.


Are you, are you there at the time of the draft? Oh, oh yeah. They'll fucking call your name. No shit. You better walk the fuck up there. Everybody's there. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And you'll know who number one is per squadron. First guy they asked for, What number were you? I don't know. Two. Number two. I'm not a number one guy. Right On. I'm gonna win from the bottom. Did you know where you wanted to go? What squadron? Yeah, I know. I didn't want to go to b fucking B Squadron. That's for damn sure. Why not? Fuck those guys. Well, what's the, what is the culture in each squadron Per, I would say a squadron where I was is the older, mature brother.


Like, let's not do anything stupid. Let's kinda two bulls on a hill, an old bull and a young bull. The young bull says, Hey Bob, let's walk, run down and fuck a cow. And the old bull says, no son, we're gonna walk down and fuck 'em all. I felt like we were the older bull in that situation. B Squadron was very much like gung-ho like a ranger squad back then they wanted to wear their bdu and they wanted to fucking run the old course, and they're, we're fucking got six packs over here. you know what I mean? And we're fucking intense. Pat McNamara's, a B Squadron guy, Okay. Prime example.


And then C Squadron, like, I don't know, from, from the A squadron perspective, C Squadron was the little brother after Mogadishu, they took hits they couldn't kind of recover from, and it, it kept them more junior than the other squadrons for a while. Really? Yeah. Like, I mean, after mogadishu's fucking squadrons I think almost decimated, right? Like, I don't remember how many people died or whatever, but like that had decimated a squadron. And then think about this. Like some of my buddies were, you know, team leaders in four years. Troops are majors and six, and like I was the first one to get promoted and take a team, and it took me like fucking six or seven years, you know what I mean?


So think about that for experience between the squadrons, right? But from my perspective and my squadron, that's kind of how we saw it. So did you know this? Did you know this prior to graduating OTC? Yeah. You did. Because when you walked down the hallway to chow, if you knew a guy in B Squadron, he wouldn't say hi to you if he's with other B squadron guys. But the guys I knew in a squadron, like, what's up? I hope you're doing good. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like regular people. Yeah. So you just kind of like see it, you know what I mean? So how does it go when you graduate OTC? You cross that hallway with all your shit. Is there a board?


Do they, do they talk to you at all? And and And there's a draft. There's a draft, Pack your shit, move the fuck out. No. Like sense of accomplishment, none of that. Just time To move on. Yeah. You got your foot in the door. If that ain't good enough for you at this point, you probably shouldn't fucking be here. Right? Right. So you show up to a squadron and how are you received?


Time is our most precious commodity, and I've heard from so many of my listeners who have asked for my advice about how they can spend it wisely to improve themselves and the people around them. That's why I'm excited that Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important and enduring subjects. You can learn about the works of s Lewis. The stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, or the rise and fall of the Roman Republic with Hillsdale College's online courses all available for free. That's right. For free. I personally recommend that you sign up for the Great American story, a Land of Hope. And this course you'll hear from Hillsdale College professors as they explore the history of America as a land of hope founded on high principles in presenting the great triumphs and achievements of our nation's past, as well as the shortcomings and failures. It offers a broad and unbiased study essential to the cultivation of intelligent patriotism. The course is self-paced so that you can start whenever and wherever, start your course free. The Great American story, A Land of Hope today. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss. To register hillsdale.edu/ss,


Bestselling author and business growth expert candy Valentino brings her unique spin on achieving financial freedom. More than 70% of people feel some sense of imposter syndrome in their life, so that when feelings of fraudulency arise, remind yourself of who you are. Make sure that you recognize and celebrate small milestones. Practicing this will really shift your focus from seeking perfectionism to really acknowledging progress. The Candy Valentino podcast, wherever you listen.


Pretty good, man. Yeah, I mean, I was a new guy, like, for a while my boss told me, keep my mouth shut for a while. I did one day he was like, why aren't you saying nothing? I was like, he's like, 'cause I told I told you to keep your mouth shut. I nodded. He's like, you probably do well here. I didn't say nothing like, but yeah. Yeah. I don't know man. I, I always received just fine. I definitely felt like I was fucking trained and ready to go. And for the first time I felt like I was close to being on par with these guys. you know what I mean? Instead of like, what do we do here?


you know? I felt like I'm fucking ready. Let's go. Were you on par at that point? Almost Really? I think so. Okay. I think so. Like look, true skill won't come later, you know, until you're a boss and you don't got time to shoot and you're like, Hey guys, what are you doing? Like, I hate when you show up and beat us. Have more experience at this. you know what I mean? So, you know, experience is the time, is the, the end of the day, I think for that experience, whatever you call it. What, what year is this? 96.


Where were you when? September 11th. S fucking trying to get jump numbers to go to a free fall instructor school. I was out at Rayford jumping. Did you have any deployments with Delta prior to nine 11? Yeah. What were you guys into? All kinds of shit. Bosnia. Bosnia for one. What were you doing there? I did PSD there amongst other shit. Tons of shit. Were you impressed With Bosnia? I mean, I don't know. you know what I mean? Bosnia was a fucking shit show.


you know? Even then we sided with the Muslims. That wouldn't have happened after 2001. We'd go to these fucking, you know, camp Turkish army camps, you know, fucking Alqaeda camps. Nothing we could do about it. But the Serbs were the bad guys. Right? Is that how the, it's kind of like how the war went. And I would say Bosnia, I fucking love Bosnia, man. I thought it was great. I had a great time. It was, it was my first taste of chaos and making my own rules as I go. you know what I mean? And then I was a new guy.


I had a hangout with like, I don't know the guy who complained all the time or the guy who talked all the time, like you with him. And he is like, why do I get the guy that never shuts up? you know what I mean? Well I'm the new guy, you know what I mean? So, but no matter who they paired me with, I had a, you know, do my job. And I worked fucking hard in Bosnia. I made everything I was asked for, I achieved, I think I got one of them. Defense meritorious ribbons in Bosnia, whatever the fuck the, mm. you know what I'm talking about, like defense, meritorious service or some shit. Yeah. Fuck. I don't, I got some fucking award for Bosnia. It's pretty good. Right on.


Where were you when nine 11 happened? Brag. Yeah, I was a brag. I was skydiving for free fall instructor. I had to have like 250 jumps. So I'd go out with the knights, I go out with the accuracy team and them motherfuckers are jumping like 1800 feet. The first time I got out the plane, I was like, what in the fuck is going? Why the fuck are we doing this right? And then like, we're waiting to jump and then what the fuck? So like one guy's like, lemme go in the team room, I don't know. And the planes were grounded and then like someone crashed an airplane into the tower, you know what I mean? And like the first plane you see crash into the tower, like there's that pilot fucking drunk, you know what I mean?


Like that's what I was thinking. Drunken pilots or something, you know what I mean? And then the second one and you're like, hmm. So that day I had to go back, my squadron was deployed. The only reason I was back was to go the free fall instructor. And I was basically the squadron commander. Like I had a I, had a fucking man up on these BTCs. Like, you know, I'm like sitting in these meetings, I'm like, I don't know what to do. Like, well, you're the senior representative from a squadron. Like, yo, I shouldn't be in this meeting. you know what I mean? Like, if we need a representative from a squadron, like fuck, okay. So I'm like sitting in this meeting and like luckily the B squadron commander at the time was like B squadron's ready and standing by ready, you know, ready to go worldwide.


And you know, like, I don't know, whatever the fuck officer shit. He said, you know what I mean? I just said the same thing as him. What about a squadron? What my mentor? you know? Oh, we, my guys were somewhere in Europe already. So I was like, my guys are, you know, 'cause like the squadrons are always trying to angle out angle motherfuckers on missions, you know what I mean? So I was like, my guys are already pre deployed. I know all the airplanes are shut down, but my guys are pre deployed, you know, ex location and you know what I mean? Trying to like, we're better than these motherfuckers, you know what I mean? And then the B squadron guys at nine 11, like they were driving gun trucks around the compound. It's like, yo, we got a fence.


We got guards. Like, why I gotta be on guard duty too. you know what I mean? But yeah, I was, I was the, a squadron commander for a little bit, you know what I mean? And then the word that came down in those meetings was, be patient, we gotta figure this out. Don't do anything rash. Don't do, don't start spinning. Let's be very methodical. Did you have any idea what you were in for at that point? Man, I was hoping it was something good. you know what I mean? Like, I've been around this long, like I ain't never, we ain't never done anything. Like hopefully, you know, 'cause there's whole generations of guys don't even get a mission, you know?


Especially my day, you know, the nineties and shit. So like, I was hoping like hopefully something good comes of this. When was the f when was the first team deployed? I don't know. I was on the ground in like November, something like that. I don't even remember. Were you the first team to deploy from that unit? I don't remember how it went down, but yeah, we were basically the first guys on the ground In Afghanistan. And what were you doing there? Fucking killing. Bin Laden. Battle of Torah. Bora.


Let's go into that. All right. You start, Man. Me and a couple other guys controlled every fucking asset in the eastern western hemisphere for fucking 10 days. Every fucking bomb, every pound of audience. Me and a couple other guys dropped and we killed a lot of people. We killed so many people. My f fucking first day, like, I just stopped counting then and there like hundreds. Like it's too many to count, you know what I mean? How were you killing them? Radios took some 50 cows sniper shots, shot some guys, but mostly just fucking moving up, bombing them, moving up, bombing them, right?


Because you can't get there from here. And if they shoot at me from that mountain, like I'll just level it, you know what I mean? Let's, Let's go to the brief. Like what was the, what was the mission briefing for Torah Boro. What were you guys doing? Like what was the Bin? Laden's there. Go get him and kill him. End of discussion. Want a deader alive? That's it. How'd you insert Fucking Toyota trucks? Man, we drove up Drop a daisy cutter, man. I had bold fucking trusty rusty. I had this red fucking Toyota truck, like I would attract mortar fire like you read about, man, it's fucking awesome.


And we just drive right up in that bitch, right into the fucking middle. We get outta the truck. On my first day, I'm with this other guy. He was like a Panama guy. He was the guy that in Panama, he shot the machine gun in the barracks and killed all the guys before they got outta bed. So like he had been to combat. Before I drive my truck to the top of the mountain, past the tanks, there's fucking savages. The tanks shooting. Like total fucking chaos, right? There's press, we had a fight our way through the press. We had a guy almost shoot the press. It was great. Like this is the best thing ever, right? I'm thinking. So we get to the top of the mountain and like we're just getting bordered, like you fucking read about.


And I was like, I asked that guy, I was like, is this incoming or outgoing? Like, what's going on here? Right? Like he's like, why I am like, this is fucking great. Like, and then, and I was just standing there, right? So he kind like walked back by the truck and just left me there, right? And then like, I don't know, 10 years later he was like, Hey, remember that day on the top of the mountain? I was like, yeah. He was like, yo, those were incoming but you had such a fucking smile on your face. I didn't wanna ruin it for you. I was like, I asked you incoming or out if you said they were, I thought it was like the tank fire and kicking up the, I didn't know what the fuck was going on. So like, and at the same time, like in the book Kill Bin Laden, like the, the fucking savage commander guy, I don't even remember his fucking name, but he's just like, yes, those are your men.


And like, you know Dalton Fury's like, yes, those are my men. you know what I mean? And he's thinking, what the fuck are they doing? you know what I mean? And I'm just over there like, this is fucking great. And like the Savage Commander, like your men are very brave. Like your men are brave. Like they fucking love me. you know what I mean? But yeah, that's kind of what it was like. Total chaos. No idea what was going on all the time. Let's just make the best thing happen right now. We Can't. So was that your first kinetic deployment? Yeah. As an operator? Yeah. Through Ranger. Through sf. Yeah. In sounds like several years over a Delta. Yeah. As well. Yeah.


So I mean how did that feel? Fucking Amazing man. Amazing. And then like typical team shit, I got two guys arguing who's gonna be in fucking charge? One's senior by by time one's actually in charge, but he's junior by time to the senior guy. So these guys are ar are arguing. I just leave him arguing, be like, yo, you know, call for a fire mission, linear sheath, fantom out. you know what I mean? Half air, half ground. I'm just fucking working it. And then it'd be like, you know, you know, it'd be like, Hey, they asked you for danger close. Say Hey, stop arguing for a minute.


Hey, how far are we from the bad guys? Four oh oh yards. They said 600. Yeah. Send it. Get behind a rock. Fucking drop it. you know what I mean? And then, yeah, so these guys argued and I just took the time to just focus and kill as many human beings as I could. They'd fucking shoot at us, we'd fucking level it. We'd move up, they'd shoot at us, we'd level it, we'd move up. Like pretty simple. Was that affecting you at all? That that, I mean that's your first, let's talk about your first kill. You said you were on the 50, do you remember it? Yeah. Fucking McMillan 50. We shot dudes like, I don't know, 2,500 meters.


The problem is, is like, look, this is why I'm not fucking claiming a million of these fucking kills. 'cause you can't get there from here. But I'll tell you this, the motherfuckers never shot again. How do you know? So is this confirmed? Kills? So like, yeah, we shot people, man with that 50 it was fucking great because 2,500 meters. Yeah. That's your first, Yeah. Shit. First 10 days of the war. And that's your first engagement with a, with A, yeah. Later I'd have to go to Special Forces Sniper school. 'cause I thought I was gonna be a a, a sniper team leader in the unit. 'cause I'd been a sniper for so long in the unit and like I had already had kills, had a big beard.


They hated me over there. you know what I mean? Like, oh that's not right. No, that's, but yeah, first 10 days of the war and then we just killed and captured so many people. Like I don't think guys really understand like, you know, the the lone survivor story, right? The Taliban, you know, on the Navy SEAL team, you know what I'm saying? And then it didn't go well for the seals. Okay, yo bring 400 of your friend, tell 'em to bring their fucking trucks, tell 'em to bring their machine guns and like we would just kill all comers. All comers. you know what I mean? And you'll hear other guys, there's other times we did even more of this in Iraq.


We just kill everyone that shows up. So it's like the, the lone survivor story. Like I don't even understand it. 'cause we would kill hundreds of people in a fucking day. Like Yeah, show up, we'll kill you too. We don't even care. Like, I didn't understand how those things really happened, you know what I mean? Compared to my experience and what I saw. you know what I mean? And then so literally, man, I can't tell you how many days I got where we just killed so many people. You can't even count. So what I mean, no, basically zero rules of engagement, just kill everything that shows up. I used to call it state department by Shrek State Department.


I'm the fucking state department here. I make the decisions, kill everybody. Let's go. Yeah, I love chaos. It's my jam. I gave you chaos as my jam sticker. Yep. What, let's talk about some of your singleton missions. So the first one, I had to go back into Torah Bora because I had been there. The, the premise of going back into to Bora is there was a guy who supposedly him and his sons brought Bin Laden out, right? They escorted him in a Pakistan, right. And then the goal was to go find him.


So I had to go out alone as out for days, taxis, trucks, hitchhiking, whatever you want to call it. I get to the area, I, you know, I had a Kent cigarette bag with a fucking, you know, a super eight VHSI think it was super eight or may have been six mil at that time, but eight or six mil like cassettes in the little recorder. you know what I'm talking about? In a Kent cigarette bag and like a sat phone. And I just fucking took a cab out of al bag towards to Bora mountains and hitchhiked all the way until I got there. All by yourself? Yeah. Holy shit. Yeah. And then, I mean, How the fuck do you blend in?


You wear savage stuff And that worked? Yeah. No turp, no nothing. Just Shut the fuck up. you know what I mean? You just shut the fuck up. Yeah. And then like I had to act at retarded at a couple of the checkpoints, you know what I mean? Like got the AK to the chest and you know, I was like, if I open my mouth, I'm dead. So that's not an option. you know what I mean? And then I just figured I'd mongolo voice at volume 11. So the guy's like la la la la la. I'm like, and the guy's like, mm, get the fuck outta here. you know what I mean?


Like, and that's how I got through the checkpoints and that's how I got the assault force through all those checkpoints as well. I mean, your adrenaline had to be going a million miles an hour. Yeah, I would say this is, any guy who is, or girl who is abused as a kid can control that really well. Right? Because you know you're gonna get beat by dad when he comes home drunk. Right? So it's always about controlling that. I think anyone who's been abused could handle those situations just fine. you know? How did you get picked for this? Yeah, I was in Aaba.


It's where I was stationed and we were doing like all the northern valleys, like the Cornal Valley. Like I've been in there with just two fucking guys. We didn't have no problem until I seen that repo movie. you know what I mean? I was like, I didn't even know that place was dangerous. I also used to drive through Ramadi by myself all the time while people were getting hung on bridges. But yeah, I think in Afghanistan, man, I don't know. I don't know. That's a good question. I don't know if I have any words to describe it. I mean, did you volunteer for it or? I kind of, I didn't know I could say no, I didn't volunteer. So in Asaba, basically one day we ran out of beef jerky and Pop-Tarts.


I like them Pop-Tarts, you know what I mean? Like I eat them brown sugar Pop-Tarts. You just keep them coming, everything will be fucking fine. So like we're eating like fucking vegetables and like fucking goat on the local economy in Asada bad. And I went to my boss like, yo, we're the fucking depot man. you know what I mean? I know in Bagram they got more fucking beef jerky than they could ever fucking eat. They got all the poey like, let me go fly back, fill my truck and bring it back. And my boss is like, schedule those airplanes. Do whatever the fuck you want. I was like, got it. So I did all the coordinations next night, fucking Chinook comes in, drive in it alone on my Toyota truck flies me to Bagram.


I get out at Bagram, I drive to the chow hall to our, my squadron guy and I'm like, yo. And then the cook, the squadron cook, always make that guy your best friend. I'm like, yo, fill my truck man. We ain't got shit in asada of bat. He's like, hell yeah, I got you. And then I see Dalton Fury and the Sergeant major for him. And they were like, Hey, what are you doing? I'm like, stealing fucking poey from the chow hall. What does it look like I'm doing here? Like, you know what I mean? And they're like, you want to go on a mission? I was like, have you asked my boss? And they're like, we will. And I was like, yeah, I'll go on a mission. What is it? Right? And they're like, come this way. Right. And then, so they want me to go out alone.


And the reason I had to go out alone is the general at the time said we could only hit targets if there's usis on on, but you can't leave the wire. So when I came to Bagram, technically my status was in transit, so they kept me in transit through the whole mission. And then when I got back they showed the video usis on and they launched. Interesting. Well that's the kind of shit we had to do to fucking make change. How long did it take you to get up to Torah?


Bora Fucking 10 fucking days. Seven fucking, the whole thing was like, I was out there like 10 days or two weeks. Like it, you ain't getting anywhere quick, you know? you know what I mean? Riding in fucking savage taxis and fucking Jenga trucks. I mean, can you just describe that mission in as much detail as possible? Yeah. I left out of a cab, the out of the safe house. I left out of a cab in Afghanistan and the fucking cab drove to wherever the fucking cab drove. I got out with the rest of the fucking savages. There's a goat in the car, people are sitting on my dick. Like fucking people smell like shit. I want to fucking throw up. Like how are you Communicating?


How are you telling 'em? I don't say shit. How are you telling them where you need to go? I don't say shit. I just fucking ride. And then I got a truck. So was the cab an asset or was it a local Afghan Guy? I think, I think the safe house Coordinated, Coordinated for the a cab that goes that way, right? And then the cab gets to a place and the dude just gets everybody out and turns around and then you kind of wait there for another thing. you know what what I mean. But I ended up, so Was it all Coordinated? No. So it was legitimate once you left? Once I got outta that cab, I was on my own. And so how did you communicate to get in to Toyota?


I found a, I found a Jingly truck. Well first off, all you gotta do is stand out there. Someone's gonna pick you up. That's how they do it. They'll just give you a fucking ride. you know, they're just fucking picking up randos out there all the time. Like, you know what I mean? So picking up people ain't a thing. So I just kind of walk and I walk with the people, just kind of hang out. Fucking truck would come by, we all get in that truck. And then I kind of knew my way. I knew where Tora Bora was. I had already been there, right? So I knew, you know, which way, you know, truck's going that way. No good trucks going that way. And fuck it. Let's see where it goes. I could always fucking yell, make noise and fucking jump out at any time I want.


But I didn't really have to do any of that. Where Were you sleeping? I fucking slept in a taxi or in the fucking Jingly truck, you know what I mean? With the savages. Like people sitting on my lap when I was in the fucking truck, I had to sit in the middle. Every time the guy shifted, he like fucking handed my balls. And I'm like, yep, grabbed another gear. That's fine too. you know what I mean? Holy Shit. As as fucking legit as it gets, man. And then the truck driver had a route and he drove the valley to the end of the valley. He'd crash at this house at the end of the valley.


And the next day he was a he, he had a logging truck and the next day he'd drive outta the valley and they like bring trees, cut down trees, whatever, logging trucks. Anyway, so when I rode with him, we passed the target house. Literally, it's just kind like me him at that point I kind of under my arm out the window and fucking got that dude. Luckily he was, I think he was standing on the fucking front porch when I made the video. Like it couldn't PID and the building at the same time. It was fucking, the video was great. Who was it? That dude, fuck, I don't remember his name. you know what I mean? But he was the guy where him and his sons were supposed to bring Bin Laden outta the mountains, right?


So I do the recon, we get to this fucking house at the end of the thing, at the end of the like valley, you know how it's all terrorist and shit? It's a fucking river bed. They're all terrorists. So we go to this house at the end of the valley and I'm just with this driver guy and we go in this house and there's dudes and like they start drinking tea. They give me the black tea, which I had learned earlier in tearing count will put you to sleep for three days. 'cause that's the opium tea, right? They're all drinking clear tea, they gimme black tea. I kind of knew the difference. Drank it anyway, as soon as it was bedtime, the lights were out. I took my speed so I wouldn't go to sleep.


And then in the middle of the night, I dragged that truck driver into his truck at gunpoint and fucking pointed the other way, like room, room. And he is like looking at me like, what the fuck? 'cause I think he, he actually thought I was crazy before then. you know what I mean? And then we got in a truck and drove away. And then at that house, I thought either they were gonna kill me. They had like this little boy they were abusing or some shit. I didn't even want to know what was going on in the next room. Never seen any females. And then as soon as I got that video I wanted out of there, this is fucking mission success. I already chi every second. You are out there at this time I am risking mission failure.


'cause I already reached what we needed. So I wanted to get back as soon as possible. And I'll tell you this, being out alone versus being in a troop or with other, a task force. 30, 60, 12, got whatever, how, however many people, I fucking learned a hundred to one. What the fuck to do that day? you know what I mean? Because I can only count on me. you know what I mean? So my learning curve was through the roof. And ever since then it's, it's changed the way I see, think. Do everything I do. Did you have any, did you have any type of communications with anybody back in the rear?


When I got back to the safe house in Jalalabad is when I made my first radio contact. Holy shit. So 10 days. Did you, was it 10 day mission or was it 10 days up to Torah? Bora? Yeah, probably about seven. Okay. So Couple days get back. Gotcha. And then the salt Force came in. We went back and got the guy. There was another couple day, the whole thing. Maybe two weeks. So you actually had to personally get back with that video? There was no way to send the video? Nope. Wow. And sending video was like in its infancy then? Yeah. you know what I mean? Like if I could send the video, it would only been like, it took six hours to send a three second clip.


you know how it was back then on SATCOM and shit. Like kind of existent, but really like, not like it is now. you know what I mean? Yeah. So I had to get back with that video Shit. So how was it when you got back? Got back to the safe house in Jalalabad, contacted the rear, talked to, you know, commander Fury, drew, I drew the fucking assault plan on like a napkin or fucking piece of paper. And it was like stick figure dudes to trucks to house, to trucks to like home.


And then that one option we just drive in, we hit the house, we drive out, right? That'll take forever. Next option, drive in, helicopter out airplane to Bagram. Right? So it was like, you know, airplane, helicopter truck house later, like whatever, general like called me Picasso. I seen your drawings, you know what I mean? And everyone made fun of me. But like, yo Chicago public school education, you can't take your books, can't leave the school. Like of course I'm drawing fucking sticks figures here. you know what I mean? Like you didn't send me with a proper reporting format. I don't fucking know what to say or do.


Right? So like literally the assault pan was a Trojan horse based off of my fucking stick figures. But what happens is I get back, I, I rented, I got more trucks. Like now I got a turp. We talked to the driver, like I handed the driver like this wa of cash when we got back. And he was just like, ah, it was like fucking $8. you know what I mean? Like, and then a driver, everyone got paid, but we filled the trucks with like them savage like mattresses. you know how it's not really a mattress, it's just like foam, like twin bed size, literally knee deep in the back of the trucks for guys to hang out.


And then they were doing the Trojan horse. So what I didn't know is while they were at Bagram, they built facades for the back of the trucks that looked like water bottles. You know what I mean? So if you lifted a thing, it, it was water bottles, cases of water. But it was a facade on a piece of plywood. So they couldn't see the assaulters. And it was like one box wide or something when they, so the guys flew in, the Jalalabad met me with the Jingly trucks, got off the trucks on the Jingly trucks. Five or six hours. Five or six checkpoints, couple sketchy ones to get through. Why sketchy? Yo, what happened?


I'm gonna tell you sketchy fucking, I'm gonna tell you what sketchy checkpoints look like in Afghanistan. They'll have that one little string in the middle of the road on like a two bricks on this side and two bricks on this side. You seen that before? Yeah. Fuck with that string. And there's a 50 cal over here that's just gonna gun everybody down. you know what I mean? On the top of a hill over here. Right. So, oh, and when I say gun, everybody down, they'll gun down the other Afghans. 'cause once they start shooting, it ain't gonna fucking stop. And they'll kill everybody. And then they'll be like, oh, we shot Achman. But yeah, these checkpoints are just fucking, you can't fuck with them. You're not gonna run it, you're not gonna fuck with them.


Right. And they want something. Right? So one of the checkpoints, a guy was shaking me down. I just grabbed a dirty fucking blanket kind of off the floor on the bottom of the truck and the guy snatched it from me and like waved us through. So when we came back through, I bought a bunch of blankets and I just hang in hand in blankets to the guys and everyone's like, ah. 'cause it's a cold night, middle of the night. Everybody loved them blankets. That's how I got the assault force through. And I had already been through with my truck driver a few times, you know what I mean? So like I was a familiar face. Yeah. Yeah. So you get in. Yeah. So salt force comes in.


One of the sources, the source that gave this guy up only gave him up 'cause he wanted to fuck one of his wives. And when we raided the house, there was a super hot one that is not the one he wanted. Anyway, he led the assault force to the house. I kind of, as the snipers sealed the backside from the village, right. They're raiding the house. Villagers start to kind of like a lot of villagers we're coming about to overrun us. Right? And I just fired over their heads with an ak. 'cause I had an ak That's what you carry, right? What I didn't know is every fucking laser on the assault force is on my body.


Like, yo, it was me. Motherfuckers go back to work. you know what I mean? Like these lasers over AK fire, right? Everyone's like, what the fuck is that? Right? It's just me. And then we raid the house, get the guy and his sons like his kids. Were sleeping with a fucking water buffalo. Like I'm trying to open the shed. We're clearing the out buildings later trying to open this. It's fucking dark. Like trying to get in, open this door, finally shine a fucking light. It's a water buffalo. Like he's laying on the ground and I'm pushing against his face. And he is just like, I'm like, holy shit. And then like, hey. And then like little kids stand up from like behind him like, and they're like, they're sleeping with his water buffalo to stay fucking warm.


Wow. So the kids slept with a fucking water buffalo. I think there was a donkey in there too. Like fucking bizarre. Like, anyway, first time I seen a water buffalo fucking surprise, you know? Yeah. We cleared the house and then I left. The next morning helicopters came in, they exfil went back to Jalalabad Airport with 'em. That's our first snatch of the war. Right? And then I had to make my way out with the trucks later. And then I got to the Gel Labat airport a couple days later. Right on. Let's take a quick break. Okay.


Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn, Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get Back to the show. All right, Trek, we're back from the break. We just talked about the Singleton mission. And to Bora, I wanna move into you working with the Pakistani commandos. Hmm. Let's start there. Love That. Yeah. Yeah. I was a major in the Pakistani Special forces.


What's up? How'd that happen? Yeah. I got told, like we were crossing the border going in for, to control both sides of the border. Right? And we were supposed to go with the, the Pakistani special forces guys, right? And basically me and another guy, we were like company commanders. We were in charge of a company and we did other side of the border. Shit. Why were you secure in that border? Yeah. 'cause they thought Bin Laden might cross at some time, you know what I mean? Like we all know that was bullshit, but like we're securing the border, right? Like, so I had been to other, like, they call it a FO, right?


Advanced Forest Operations, right? Back then it was like black magic, you know what I mean? Like who's gonna do this? Like first off war requires bodies. And what everyone doesn't know is everyone's gonna fucking have to do it before too long. But at that point, you know, like a FO, like this was a new thing. And then they, we had the opportunity to put guys on the other side of the border also. Why the fuck not? you know what I mean? And then, yeah, basically super easy job. Like we'd get intel, we'd fucking drive them to point X. Definitely not tell 'em anything, you know what I mean? And then be like, go raid that compound. And they'd be like, major.


How did you know? There'd be so many landmines in that compound. Like I never told 'em, but like I could read the GPS, that's what I wanted to say, but like, be like, I just left it a mystery. you know what I mean? Like, but yeah, we fucking did all kinds of shit on the other side of the border. What kind of stuff? Well, you know, the, the fucking Pakistanis first off don't want Bin Laden or Al-Qaeda in their fucking country. And I know this might sound hard to believe, and this was hard for me to take, but like the Pakistani special forces guys are as proud as Pakistan as we are America. And they want what's right for fucking their country.


you know what I mean? Now it's hard for me to grasp like, wait, you guys are Patriots of Pakistan? That kind of sounds ridiculous to me. But the reality is, it's where you live, it's where you work, it's where you grew. You're a special forces guy. Of course you're a patriot of Pakistan, you know what I mean? And these guys wanted to do, they're on the side of, right. What is a mission that stands out that happened over there in Pakistan more than the rest of them. Man, we'd run up on these Al-Qaeda compounds and like they would wanna surround them and like wait 'em out. And like in the middle of the night they'd come out guns a blazing and disappear into the dark.


you know what I mean? They'd be like, yo, let us level the compound right out. And like they'd be like, no, we weighed 'em out. Really not much happened on the other side of the border, per se, like gunfights in the frontier. Providences. So it's pretty boring in that way. But we did get fucking rocketed and mortared every fucking night, just like Afghanistan. Probably worse. I will tell you, one of our first missions, we were at Haqqanis house looking for Haqqani. And supposedly he dressed up like a girl. He was one of the girls. And they're like, no, we can't touch the girls.


It's like one of these girls is a fucking boy. But you can't touch girls in general. That's the same place where Bergdahl was. I rated the place that they fucking housed him. How crazy is that? Oh shit. Yeah. Ha. Connie's place crossed the border. What about, what about after Pakistan? Where'd you go? I left Pakistan. I was shitting in a fucking hole. In a fucking compound in fucking Pakistan. And I got the word my team had moved to Baghdad and I was out of there that day.


Literally I got on a fucking a bird, a helicopter, went to Islamabad, got on a civilian plane flow to Kuwait city, got off the plane in Kuwait city and like, I don't speak the fucking language, but there's a C one 30 on the tarmac waiting for me. I'm trying to get to there. So I'm trying to tell all the fucking man dress guys in Kuwait city. I need to get to that plane. And finally some dude walked me behind customs, everything fucking fired up. Some like the big ass airport buses. I'm the only one on. It drove me to the plane.


I get to the back of the plane and the dude waiting for me, he is like, you're fucking late. you know what I mean? It was like motherfucker, you ever tried to tell a dude you need to get to that plane without knowing how to tell a dude? Like come on, I did my fucking bus. you know what I mean? So like I get on a plane, we combat land in the bop and then that's where my job was. I was in the, I was at the VVIP for a while. So when you get to, it's when you get to Baghdad at some point in time you had been named The Sheriff of Baghdad. How did that come about? No, that didn't come till much later. Okay. Much later. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Much later. Well how did it come about? This guy, when I was a SAR major, we hired a guy who was a retired SAR major, worked for the State Department.


He worked the crisis action center for the embassy in Baghdad through the war years. Got paid a ton of money to handle crisises for the State Department. But you know what kind of crisis you handle while there's a war going on, none. There's a war going on. Like he didn't do shit. Finally one day his wife told him he had to come home. He couldn't get stay gone no more, but he's killed it for money working for the State Department. So he retired outta brag, looking for jobs on brag, comes to work at JSO. He's like, Hey SAR major, what size shirt you wear? I'm like, I'm a double triple X. What's up? you know? And he's like, I got a bunch of sheriff of Baghdad T-shirts that, you know, when I was at the State Department, you want 'em?


I'm like, look, you know, for PT for Juujitsu, like I ruined T-shirts. I was like, bring them, I'll wear 'em. I just started wearing sheriff of bag, a ton of 'em. I wear Sheriff of Baghdad, t-shirts everywhere. That's how it happened. That's how it happened. That is not what I was expecting. Yeah. And then, you know, Dave Kramer works for Magpole. I know he was like the Arc guy forever. Solomon's son too. Anyway, he's like, like only guy I knew that knew like about big business at the time. So I was like, Hey, you know, I was thinking about, you know, I gotta have a business name or whatever. What do you think? He was like, if funniest thing I ever heard is you and that sheriff a Baghdad, if you don't just name and your business is sheriff a Baghdad.


I don't know what name you should name it. And I was like, well if he says that, I'll do it. And I did it. Right on. So tell me about Iraq Man. So yeah, so I land in Iraq, I get to the VVIP, like my fucking desk is a marble table. 60 fucking feet long. I'm in this ornate room with bath party symbols on this ceiling. It's wood, it's marble. We got like a fucking four six head gold shower. Like, I'm like, yo, this is war. That fucking thing. Hitting me in the nuts, the gold thing that's low. Like this is how you fucking wore right here.


Not fucking shitting in a hole. So in one day I went from like shitting in a hole to like fucking gold showers. Loved every fucking second of it. Ever since then. It's fucking great. How was the op tempo over there? Iraq is amazing, man. We do 10 hits, 20 hits, fuck, I don't know how many a night, you know what I mean? Like 10 to 20 hits a night. Oh Yeah. It was awesome. How the fuck do you do 10 to 20 hits a night? Well, not only that, but during the Saddam fucking days we might have to clear a whole vi village like that could be a hundred houses tonight, like door to door looking for these fucking Saddam sightings. you know what I mean? It was fucking amazing.


It was amazing, man. I mean, you know, in, in the unit, I think they call it like a, like a shred fest where you'll do like 24, 36 hours target after Target after as many as you could do. There's another one we could hit somewhere else, another one, another one, another one. That's what Iraq was Shred fest. And then my squadron, you don't want to, you don't wanna sitting around the house tonight 'cause we're gonna get drunk and break shit. So fucking, we don't care if it's Joe shit the fucking rag man. Let's go get that bitch tonight. Keep me fucking busy. And I think a couple nights like guys fucked up the house and the commander from then on was like, okay, you guys don't get any days off. And it's like, that's what we've been fucking saying the whole time.


Like, you know, no one's dying at brag. We want to go out every fucking night. you know what I mean? So we, my squadron man, we were in the beginning, I believe way more aggressive than other squadrons, like by far. you know what I mean? Can you talk about, I mean, let's just talk about some of the operations that you were a part of there. Let's see, Saddam was captured nine days after I left country. And me and another guy worked the intel on Saddam, like the whole time I rolled up his tailor. You ever see the, the video where Shadam shoots the Mauser in the air?


Yeah. And he is got that the, the Fox fur hat on. I own that hat. No way. Yeah, I own that hat. Nice. Yeah. But I rolled up his tailor. Like I had all his clothes at one point, right? And I got this Italian sweater and it's like blue and like a red stripe or some shit. I wear it on Christmas Eve. I look like a fat man in a little coat. Like it's, it's like a large, you know, my belly, my beer belly's hanging out the bottom, you know what I mean? Like I normally wear that on Christmas Eve. I got a sweater from him, you know what I mean? But yeah, we rolled up his tailor. Everybody that fucking washed his dick, we rolled them up like we were fucking, we were, you know, climbing it.


And then nine days after I left C Squadron got him and like, I think we already had the intel and it was already in the works. We had to go home for Christmas. So they caught 'em nine days after I left. But you know, man, we fucking one of those like kings or one of the, the deck of cards, you know what I mean? Like I paid no attention to it other than getting the X off the poster on the wall. But like, you know, one of those guys, we fucking Lovis shotgun breached the front door, right? Fucking held his family hostage, told his family, contact him till he gives himself in.


Fucking guy turned himself in like three days later and Mosul or some shit, you know what I mean? We took his family hostage, his fucking in his family home. Like we got his sisters, his grandma, his mom. Like yeah, we did a lot of weird shit for Saddam. We captured Saddam's. Saddam had a favorite piece of ass. Like really? Oh yeah, he had this hi, his favorite fuck was this lady and like, she was not hot, but she was married so we figured maybe she knew where he went. So we rolled up her husband one day, right? I had him go to the Saddam's Taylor store, had to tailor tell him to come to the store.


And then I had, then we had these Mohawk guys, you know, the Mohawks, we had locals that helped us and we trained them and then they, they ended up becoming later the the CT force, right? Okay. We had a couple guys we trained, we trusted, right? So I told my guys I was, I was in a surveillance van out front my minivan, if you ever see the picture where I'm all sweaty in the back of a van, this is me kind of watching over what's going on. So I didn't tell anybody. I didn't have time to tell my boss or anybody. And then my two guys, I was like, Hey, if, if this, if we can't get this guy quick, go start a fight on the street. So to get 'em all outta the store. So had my two Mohawks start fist fighting in front of the store, just like anywhere in the world, right?


Everyone comes outside to see what's going on. Literally the guy comes out to watch and like the assault team, like he's standing his back to the door they're gonna snatch him with and literally shoot, oh nice fucking drive away. And then they're like, where'd the guy go? We, he disappeared in the crowd. And my boss was like, he disappeared. I'm like, no, the assault team's got him. He's like, who the fuck are the guys fighting? Those are our guys. Did you tell him the fight? I was like, yeah. He was like, you should have fucking told me. you know what I mean? I'm like, yeah, this happened so quick sometimes, you know. But yeah, we captured his favorite piece of ass husband thinking that might help.


It didn't. But in capturing everyone in his inner circle, what I would tell you is they were all Christians. Were they really? If you touch Saddam, I don't care if you touch his dick or you fucking put clothes on his body, if it touches him, it was Christians. Because Christians martyr themselves. They go to hell. Muslims martyr themselves, they're fucking going to heaven. So his inner circle, the people that fed him, closed him, fucking washed his dick. We rolled them all up. They were all Christians. Interesting. Yeah. Very interesting. And that's why there was always Christians in Iraq and that's why Iraq was fairly western.


'cause he had no beef with Christians and he knew as human beings less likely to kill him. That's all he wanted around him. His inner circle. Now all the military commanders or whatever, fucking sheik, I don't know whatever the fuck they were doing, they were all savages. But his inner circle was Christians all be, damn, I did not know that. And then we snatched the guy who used to give Saddam baths. I was inside the Taylor's house on the roof. I went to the Taylor's house and he, I knew he was supposed to be coming. I was kind of early setting shit up. He showed up early. Me and another guy had to go to the roof.


I called the assault force right where he was driving away. Literally ran into the Humvee Of the assault force. Snatched That guy. Yeah, we did a lot of the unique snatches for the Becca cards. Like should be its fucking movie on its own. you know what I mean? We did a lot of great shit. I mean, I gotta be honest, people always try to thank me for my service. I'm not, I'm not the motherfucker. You should be thanking. You should thank the kid that was like grinding. I did whatever the fuck I wanted. Like, and it was amazing.


Like all the time. Amazing. And it was, as I learned in Afghanistan, we need to be much fucking smarter if we wanted to win. And I also knew there's not, there's not, we can't do enough hits to win this war. We can't. There's no fucking way. you know what I mean? What did you think of Iraq Strategically taken out Saddam fucking horrible for the world. Look where we are now. Yeah. Should have left that motherfucker. I'd have pumped him full of all kinds of shit. The fucking beat I ran again. you know what I mean? However, we gave it all away. It's a fucking shit show just like Afghanistan.


But the reality is, is this is how it fucking goes. you know what I mean? Don't get upset. It's the fine print. You should have read it. Do you think we should have ever been there on the first place? I think there's no benefit to fucking taking Saddam. I also thought there was no benefit. you know, Afghanistan, muah Armar came out years later and said George Bush gave us 48 hours and invaded at our 40. He said if he would've gave me full 48 hour, his answer was give up Bin Laden. No shit. I did not know that either.


The shit the fucking media doesn't like to put out. How do you know that? Because I read. What did where did you read that? Oh man, I don't even remember. But yeah, he wanted to give up in London and we attacked too soon. And then he was like, fuck him. Interesting. It's almost like we wanted the war. Imagine that. Now I wanted the war too, don't get me wrong. I was 100% for that shit. Rocket mortars. Fucking send it. Let's go. No one dies on Bragg. you know, know. So I was all for it. But strategically man, you believe in your bosses.


Sometimes they get it wrong. you know what I mean? Did you experience loss of a teammate ever? Yeah. Fuck yeah. all the time. Even in training, man. Like man, the guy I was partnered with in Bosnia all the time, fucking rotor blade took the top of his head off one night, like Thursday night live fire, you know? Holy shit. Yeah, yeah. People die. Did that affect you at all? No. Why It did Fuck you died doing what you love. I'd fucking high five you for that. I'd high five myself for that. you know what I mean? Like you died doing the one thing you're here for not a better death.


How many teammates have you lost? You know, fuck, I don't know man. So many now. Fucking cancer. Cancer. If you'd have told me join the Delta Force and be fighting cancer the rest of your fucking time or your buddies are gonna die of cancer. I made a state in South America banging Colombian girls. you know what I mean? So lots of guys, everybody dies, I'm gonna die. I'm not gonna let it ruin my day. you know? Where did you run into Tim Kennedy? Yeah, so I left the unit. I was kind of like in the SIF company.


We really hadn't broke down into troops yet. So I was a team sergeant, Timmy's team sergeant. Well before that he was just, I was in the dojos at Bragg for something to do at night as a single guy. Just go down to the dojos at Bragg and just fucking roll jits with people. And then back then being a blue belt. Like they're like, oh sir, are you teaching today? Like, hell no, I just came here to choke some of you lazy fuckers. you know what I mean? Like I'm not teaching shit, you know? And they're like, and the instructor back then was a fucking purple belt. you know what I mean? Like, so like this kid's in the dojo and literally like he's just fucking sitting on me and I'm like thinking this ain't a move.


How the fuck do I defend that? Do I put a foot? Like do I lock a fuck? What the fuck? And he is just kinda like sitting on me like, come on, let do something. Yeah, let's go. you know what I mean? I'm like, who the fuck is this kid sitting on me? So then that happens a couple times and finally I'm like, Hey, who the fuck are you? Where did you learn jets? Like no one around here is at this level. you know what I mean? Like where do you come from? And he said, you know, grew up in California fighting chocolate Dell. Right? His backstory. So he tells me that and I was like, fuck man. I was like, you know, you're in the Q course, what group do you know what group you're going to or where you're going?


Like where are you at in the kind of like the pipeline or whatever they call it? And he was like, nah, you know, it's kind of early on in the the process. So I was like, well you know, I'm in the SIF company. How would you like to come to the SIF company? And of course like it's the most advanced company. You can't just get there as a new guy at the time. So he was like, yeah, I do that. So literally I went to my SAR major, right? And I'm like, Hey, I want to get a kid out of the Q course. And they're like, why outta all the people in group? You want a kid in the Q course? Why? What? Pick someone else. Like we got fucking hundreds of guys.


And I'm like, Hey, I think he's a black belt in jujitsu, right? Like, this could really be great for our hand to hand program at a minimum. We don't even have to put him on the team. Just let him be the fucking hand to hand guy here. We got slots. Like, so my sergeant major was like, well the guy who runs the Q course, my best friend, let's call him. Like, so he's on speaker like, Hey, we want to get a kid over here outta your, out of the Q course. And he is like, why ain't got enough dudes in seventh group over there? What the fuck you want with the kids over here for? Like, that was the answer, right? And they were like, well there's, there's not a rule why you can't take him, but like why do you want him? you know what I mean?


And then, you know, yeah, they said I could have him and then he came right to my team and then I thought he would help the hand to hand program. Right. But kind of didn't, you know what I mean? Why? Because we were busy, you know. But yeah, he was just fighting in the dojos at brag. Fucking just sitting on me. Why did you leave? Why'd you leave Delta? Well, a couple reasons. Divorce. Messy, messy fucking divorce. They don't, they Don't like that. They don't like that at all. Why? That's, I mean that's pretty fucking common isn't it? Fucking fine though. you know what I mean?


Like I would say this Is, I don't know if your divorces get messy, They'll fucking cut you. Gotcha. If anything's messy, They'll fucking cut you. So What were, what was your position over there when you left? A team leader? Yeah, a team leader. Yeah. Did you ever go back? No, I ended up getting promoted to summer major. That's why I went to the J staff. I kind of went back, but I was already kind of too senior to backtrack. Gotcha. So I worked on The J staff. What is the J staff?


I don't know what that Is. JS O. What were you doing there? I was the money sergeant Major. Gotcha. How was it transitioning from Delta back into Special forces? Man, it was crazy for a minute there. 'cause I joined the Army when it was the Paper Army and I didn't exist to the army. So here I am, a new team sergeant, but I'm getting paid from the Army. But the Army think I doesn't, I don't exist that I couldn't do anything until they could prove I was actually in the army. So I had to go back to the unit, go to the personnel section, have them on unfuck my records into the Army side.


'cause I was, I was never in the army when they crossed over digitally. Wow. So it like took three weeks. They're like, are you sure you're in the army? Like you think I'd fucking be here? Like, you know what I mean? Like what the fuck? Yeah. And then magically, when I got the seventh group, we got orders to work under the unit in Iraq. you know what I mean? Why the task force commander was my juujitsu partner, you know? And then we went to Iraq and worked under the unit. How'd that go? Fucking awesome. Are you kidding me? Like man, we got OWS number two one night we were with B Squadron, they were all out.


Commander came to me, my number two's on the grid. Can you get 'em? Like don't fuck this up. I was like, I got this. you know, like I think we got his like number two or three guy one night just 'cause everyone else is fucking busy, you know? And then it goes back to what I already said. There ain't enough of us to hit enough targets to win this fucking war today. So they needed SF teams, they needed rangers help, they needed fuck. There was times we had whole brigades task to a season area, just door to door. That bitch. Especially in the fucking Saddam days, right? So yeah, that's just kind of how it worked. So my troop goes over, works under, we were under Blue Squadron fucking seals for a while.


Complete fucking ass wound. And then why is that? Those guys are fucking horrible Wyman and the boys, you know, Wyman, I don't. Anyway, yeah, it was fucking horrible. Like we had to work under Alad. The compound Inad was built by the Delta Force. How do I know? Because I was part of the crew that built these pre staging bases so the unit could go anywhere en mass and fucking hit targets now and have a place for guys to sleep. Helicopters of fuel wars logistics like, and they're like, can't use our gym. you know, use special forces guys, you can't use our gym, you can't fucking use our laundry.


And it's like, I built this motherfucking place. Wow. And they're like, so what? So yeah, we worked under blue. So what we did is we took all their shit targets, fucking dumped them on our lap and I ran it just like I would've in a squadron. We fucking hit targets every night. We pulled every thread. We didn't, we didn't go out and kill everybody. That's how you get intel. You'll never get anywhere going out and killing everybody. So we basically climbed the fucking ladder and, and like one night fucking their number one, we worked our way up to like their number one guy.


And then like they told me, no helicopters tonight. So I thought there was no helicopters. They jumped on the bird and hit our target, which was their number one guy. And we worked ourselves up. So like the next day, day later, they told us they're bringing the boats and they wanted us to ride the rivers. And like I was like boat assaults, bucket list check. you know what I mean? So I was like, I don't give a fuck boat fucking truck helicopter. I gives a fuck. you know what I mean? We getting some. And then the task force commander came down, was like, he was like, you know, hey we captured blah blah blah.


And I was standing there with him and he was like, the task force commander was like, he's like, we're bringing in the boats. We're gonna have the SF guys in the boats. And he is like, lemme get this straight. You are the premier Seals in the world and you're gonna put your special forces guys on boats. And he was like, these guys work their way up through the bottom of your target deck to make you successful. You're gonna put 'em on boats. He looked at me and he was like, John, you're going under B Squadron and Baghdad today. I was like, okay boss. So then we worked under B Squadron and that was just fucking great. Just fucking great.


you know what I mean? Because you know, you don't know what target you're gonna get because if they rolled on another target and another priority comes out and this might be the only time, you know what I mean? It's fucking great under B Squadron. Right. And then B Squadron left a squadron kills Z Cowie that day, one of those days. And then a squadron came in and we killed like whoever was next after fucking Zow. We in like a month or so. I don't know. It didn't take long. But yeah, we were with B Squadron when they got Zow. Nice. Yeah, we were out. So was Timmy. We were all out that day. Nice, nice. Yeah, Tim talked pretty extensively about that.


Yeah. If you look at like the who killed our cowie picture were the guys in the DCUs. Nice, nice. Yeah. you know, with did all the killing that you were a part of ever. Do you feel like that ever affected you? Yeah. Fuck yeah man. Like I've had every fucking symptom of PTSD, like all these guys, oh whatever their fucking symptoms are, right? Like, guys cry about this. I've had every fucking one of 'em. you know what I mean? Like, and you know what I mean?


The problem with the the getting hung up in that is it makes you one chapter of a book. Your book ain't over. There might be more chapters, there might be better fucking chapters. Get over yourself, move the fuck on. And I used to always tell guys to let it go. Right? And I tell you right now, say let it go. Let It go. How do you feel? I feel great. Imagine doing that for 10 years. This is how I got rid of all that PTSD shit. And then I found out some of my PTSD fucking the forgetfulness. you know how guys, you know I'm driving, I don't know where I'm going. Like that's a common one I heard all the time. Same here. Yo, first and foremost, I went and bought a fucking Tom Tom.


I don't need to know where I'm going. This motherfucker's gonna take me. you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And then I realized this is a brain cognitive function issue. Has nothing to do with TBI has to do with your brain getting the proper proteins. MCT oil, fix your brain. You're less forgetful. Now is this a symptom of PTSD or is this a fucking symptom of life? The next thing fucking drinking, you know what I mean? Hey, what are you drinking? Two bottles, five bottles a night? Yo. Five bottles a night. Like I'm not gonna tell you not to drink, but I'd tell you tonight, cut it down to two and a half. The reason you're fucking mean in the morning is you're actually hung over and used to it.


That just makes you mean cut it down to two and a half bottles. you know what I mean? I'm not gonna tell anyone to quit or not do something. I just say fucking use it wisely. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? So I've had every symptom of T-P-T-S-D-T-B-I like the VA gave me a zero. Right? And why is because I learned to let it go. And I learned that some of this shit was diet, some of it was brain function, some of it was fucking drinking. you know, the fucking hall pass. Okay. And this is the, you know, I did this with Timmy. This is why Timmy doesn't have PTSD or no one that's ever worked for me. 'cause if a guy made a kill for me today, that night we're having drinks.


And on the spot, I told him, this is exactly what I expect you to do. You did a great job. Fucking end of discussion now as your boss, I'm gonna cut off the shirt and we're gonna look at your fucking shot placement. 'cause marksmanship is my problem, not yours, but let's go look at those shots. And I check fucking bullet holes all the time. No shit. Fuck yeah. I'm in charge of the marksmanship here. If we're fucking this up right now, this shit's fucked up. We need to fix it right now. So you would go on target, cut all the shirts off everybody that she had killed when I had chances. Yeah. Show the guys their shots and I'd tell 'em they did a great job on the spot. And when we got back later, I'd make sure we all had a drink and everybody came by and fucking said, Thank you and shook this guy's hand.


You think you'd ever have a problem if someone did that for you? What was, what were satisfactory shop placement for you? Oh, everybody's shots were perfect. I never seen bullshit shots. My marksmanship works Roger that. I've never seen any bad shots. you know what I mean? They're all kind of good center mass shots, you know what I mean? And then in doing that, what I realized is hide above bore for killing people, fucking doesn't matter. It's two and a half inches. you know what I mean? Okay. If I was supposed to shoot here and I hit there, would anyone ever know when they cut the shirt off?


Fuck no. So there's that. you know what I mean? Yeah. But yeah, guys shot good shots and I'd make sure on the spot I told him, good job, man. you know? 'cause that's the time when you're questioning this shit. But what happens is if someone doesn't do that, you're gonna walk away. You're gonna drown it in alcohol, right? We're gonna celebrate with alcohol. You're gonna drown it in alcohol. And then it's like a fucking hall pass. But the problem is the hall pass is fucking five years old. And now you've gotta unfuck all of this to get back to that, to unfuck all of that. To make all of this good. Where did you learn that? Where did you learn? Did you come up with that? Ripping the shirts off? Yeah, Just something I did.


Something I always did. Yeah. Interesting. I would rip 'em off. I'd cut 'em with my shears or knife. you know what I mean? Like yeah. I'd be quick about it. Yeah. And then there's sometimes you can't do that. But if we could, I would. Interesting. I'd never heard that before. Yeah, it, it fucking works. I mean, and then I could tell you this, the guys that work for me, I don't think any of 'em have PTSD like that. That's great. But it's a, I don't think PTSD is a war thing. I think it's a humanity thing. I think you could be a kid, see your fucking cousin get hit by a train.


You can be fucked up since that day. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? So I don't, I don't think it's a war thing. I don't think it's a soldier thing. you know what I mean? I do. I know what you're saying. What are some of the differences that you saw between your time in Afghanistan and your time in Iraq? How would you differentiate those? Yeah. I would say this, the beginning of Afghanistan, fucking Rangers, the army, all of them just fucking sucked. Like the first hit in Iraq, the Rangers like fucking shot up some old people.


My squadron fucking sar major like puts me on brain detail. Why? Because I had a fucking pickup truck. 'cause I drove from the fucking VVIP fucking Ken block with a fucking map to meet the squadron fucking downtown on a hit that's like 16 guys that look like Saddam with mustaches. you know what I mean? It's like whoever called this place in, they were right. There's 16 motherfuckers in here that look like Saddam. you know what I mean? Only because like that's a popular look, right? So I drive my pickup truck squadron raids, the house rangers shoot up the blocking positions for no reason. Like fucking skipping 50 de cow rounds down the Baghdad street.


It was awesome. Until I was on blood and guts detail. I wasn't happy about that. Not my kill. I don't want blood. I don't want that blood on. I make the kill. I'll get bloody, I don't make the kill. Blood's yours. you know what I mean? So this kid in the attorney's like, get him to ceasefire. What the fuck are they shooting? I, as I go over there, I'm like, hi ceasefire. Finally the kid. I'm like, Hey. And he looks down and I'm like, come here. And he leans over. I drank em out of the turret. I'm like, your fucking mess your kill. Put 'em in the back of my fucking truck. And like they killed old people. And then the medic, you know, like these fucking old people are in pain. And I'm like, Hey medic, the ranger medic give them morphine, right?


And he is like, I'm not allowed to give morphine to the enemy. I was like, do these old people look like enemies to you? And he is like, I can't give morphine to the enemy. And I'm like, you're gonna give these fucking people painkillers or I'm gonna fuck you up in the back of this truck. Right fucking now. And he is like, he gave 'em their morphine, right? And then they end up, you know, we got 'em to the cash probably end up dying anyway. Right? But the beginning of the war, they were like just ate up later towards Iraq. Total professional force. 100% value added. Right? So I would say the beginning of Afghanistan, the army was not ready for this. And I would say we weren't either, but we were more capable to adapt than the army.


Yeah. And I think like that initial raid in Iraq, I think they fired those kids on, on my squadron's recommendations. you know what I mean? And that's when the, like we were like in the beginning of Iraq, like why are we even bringing the rangers? Fuck them. They're fucking, they're casualty producing weapon at times. We don't need casualties. Yeah. you know what I mean? And then, you know, later it became a more professional force. Like fucking just killing it later. So Iraq, I really believe professionalized most of our special operations in a much bigger sense.


Interesting. Interesting. What about just regular operations? What about it? What do You mean? What do you think the differences were? What were the differences for you work in Afghanistan versus Iraq. Yeah, Afghanistan. You're always at distance, always far away. Iraq is more like real warfare, you know what I mean? I'd also say this is the big army wanted none of Afghanistan. They didn't wanna fight in the mountains. Helicopters don't fly there. You can't drive tanks there. So the big army's like, whoa, Afghanistan's for you.


Special forces types, you know what I mean? That's really how they played Afghanistan, right? I call that bullshit card on the fucking army for that. They're just fucking pussies and didn't want to jump the fucking mountains like we were. And then Iraq comes and the Army's like, whoa, this is our fucking war. Why? Because you could drive fucking tanks down the street. Right? So the army, which was much more into Iraq than Afghanistan ever. Let's move into your time. You went back to Delta as a sergeant major, correct? Oh, I went to the J staff. Yeah. Kind Of. How was that Being a sergeant? Major fucking ass.


You Hated it. Fucking hated. Every single day you Strike me as a person that would hate that position. Fucking ass wound every fucking day of my life. I fucking hated my job. How did that happen? You get promoted to Sar Ain. I mean, did you want to get promoted? No. Did you know what You I didn't put it in a packet. I didn't put, I didn't do you know how like you gotta take a picture, put in a packet. Like there's, you know, your as an NCO, there's your professional stuff. So you get promoted in that. Yo, I didn't do any of that shit. I didn't give a fuck. I didn't want none of it. But I made, I fucking got promoted anyway. So you hated it? Fucking hated It. Then you left.


I retired as soon as I could. Yeah. And so when did you start your training company? Started training in probably 2005. I retired in 11. So I had been doing some classes on leave. And I just go to the bosses and be like, Hey, these guys want me to shoot with 'em for like a week. Can I take some leave days? And they'd always approve it because fuck, I never took leave. I never wanted to leave Iraq or Afghanistan. I, I, I looked at it. I should have stayed there till the war was one or over.


How's your company developed? Man, I fucking crush it. I crush this shit. I'm the undertow of the gun world, you know, all these fancy motherfuckers have rise and fall off the top of the gun world. you know, I'm still here fucking doing this fucking since 11 now. Filling all my classes since then. you know what I mean? I'm just crushing it. How many classes are you running a year, Man? I on on average probably, probably 60 to 70 to a hundred. Wow. I fill 'em all.


That's incredible. People. How many people do you take a class? 10 or less generally. But there's some ranges where the range could hold five. I do five, you know, range holds six. Like smaller ranges, but never more than like 10. I think I do 12 once in a while if I have to, but never more than that. Is it just you instructing or do you have just me? Yeah. No kidding. So who is your, who's your target customer? You looking for people with experience? You're looking for? For people that are No, I don't care. You don't care. Bring it. I do the video. The video don't care. I don't care what gun you got, what fucking holster. All that gear shit is bullshit.


It ain't gonna fucking help you shoot better. you know what I mean? So anybody can take my class from fucking skill level. Nothing to, you know, I do pros, shooters, the video only way to get that two tenths of a second, which could be the difference between first and fucking 10th in some of them matches. you know what I mean? So like I do pro shooters, I do fucking housewives, guys, wives, couple classes, like you name it. What? What videos are you talking about? Can you describe what you're Talking about? Yeah. Like average day for me on the range is I videotape, I see what you do, right? I just wanna see what you do, what your habits are, what the fuck you know.


And then this is point A, right? This is the whole thing in the gun world, if you're not doing videos, you never have a start point. How the fuck do we know where you're gonna end up? So first thing in the morning I take a video B shoot your three rounds, I take a video. And then from that three rounds I'll tell you where your bullets go. Why exactly how you get 'em there, how you not do that. To get 'em all in a circle. And then no matter what my class is, average day pistol class is 43 rounds. In 43 rounds I can get anyone in a three inch circle. No shit.


At what distance? About three, five yards. Nice. Anybody? Nice. Bring me your lame, crippled and crazy. I got it. Shaky motherfuckers. What do they call that? Yo got them too blind. Old guys don't see so good. I got you. Fucking simple. Is it all pistol, Pistol, rifle? I don't even care. I do it all. Do you do tactics? You know, I do with like SWAT teams when they hire me I'll show 'em shit like that. But the average day on the range for me is like a one day pistol. One day carving, you know, two day class, stuff like that.


Any mindset type stuff. All I teach is mindset. Because if I give you a model to get better at pistol, you could use that model to get better at anything you do. you know what I mean? So it's all kind of mindset without mindset. And the premise of everything I do is I don't wanna, I don't, I don't want to tell you what to think. I want to show you how to think so you can make those decisions for yourself. Very cool. Very cool. How many people do you think you've trained? Abby told me 15,000, 15,000 people In the past, like since 11 or something like that. And I think that doesn't include like people, we don't count.


Like military guys, special forces guys, some SWAT teams. But I think she told me like 15,000. I'd have to text her, but I think that's what she said. Wow. Over the year. Wow. That's a, that's a city that's incredible. Team. SOB is the undertow of the gun community. How'd you come up with team SOB? Fuck. If I know man, like, I don't know someone. Someone I think it kind of came about is I started the app, the SOB TV and then we had a Facebook group, right?


And then back in the day, like guys talked about guns and stuff on Facebook. No one cared. And then like Facebook started to band me into existence. Like, Facebook fucking hates me. you know what I mean? Like Zuck, if you're listening, it's true. Like I can't even log in. Like, you know how you go to log in and they're like, we'll send a code to your phone, that code will never come and my phone number is correct. So I just got banned out of existence. So we kind of switched to another, you know, platform and where the guys could actually talk. And as soon as we got off Facebook, all the fucked up behavior from the guys went away.


'cause they're not trying to piss off Zuckerberg every day 'cause he's fucking with us. So they wanna fuck with him back. Once we got in another place, like the guys were great, we just talk about guns again. And then I started building a community. So then it was like, fuck man, we're more of a fucking really big fucking team than anything else. And then I started making the team SOB shirts and like, fucking guys love it. Very cool. Very cool. What's coming for you? Anything new? Man, I'm just mid grinding it right now for work. Kind of summer. Summer, no real classes. So I'm kind of chilling till fall. So what I'm gonna do this summer is I think I'm training for worlds.


Yeah, worlds Jiujitsu. No shit. I think I'm gonna go first off Master Worlds. So I'm gonna fight old guys my age this year. If it goes well next year, I might just fucking go for the open. Nice. Yeah. But nice. Yeah. And then I told myself, I was like, you know, well the average like shooting thing is like, I go somewhere for four days and it's like a one day class, like a two day class and a one day class or whatever, whatever the classes are. I told myself, I was like, man, I'm on the road sitting in these fucking hotels anyway. I should just hit a dojo and try to get a day of Jits in.


you know? And then it, it started like that and then it was like, I want to, I wanna be there every day. And then, you know, here I am Very. cool. What, what about your company? You got anything new coming out? Man, we're on Amazon Prime. You could get all your SOB shit on Amazon Prime. I can't tell you how happy I am about that. You gotta gotta look it up right now 'cause we're kind of new, right? But you know, we have a company that's supposed to do the marketing somehow. I don't know how that works. you know, they talk to me. I have no fucking clue. So hopefully we will be more and more on fucking Amazon.


You can get shit from us, from Amazon. Like, fuck. you know what I mean? Perfect. Well Shrek, I really appreciate you being here. It was an honor to interview you. And all your social media and website and all that stuff will be in the description and yeah. Thanks man. Man, I just, I wish you the best of luck. Thanks man. Hey, you didn't even ask me any serious Timmy Kennedy questions. What's up? I didn't see this coming. Do you want me to? Yeah, you, you know, Timmy, you should be asking me. He talks massive shit. Wrote a book, you know, although I thought I was the best 40% of his book. Well I, you know, I already interviewed him.


What do you want me to ask you about Tim? I don't know. You know him like ask me, ask me. I don't know anything about him. We haven't talked about that so, well, if you want to, Well, what can I ask you about Tim? I mean, how was Tim when he showed up? You know, He's a very confident guy. Yeah. Over overconfident, right? And that kinda led to the big thing in his book where, you know, I beat him up. I would say this, he was good at a lot of things, but he lacked what the army should have taught him is by the time he got to us, he should have had a really good appreciation for where he was the gravity of the situation.


I mean, he comes to me and then we instantly work for the Delta Force, think about that. And then he's gonna have to do his rest of the, his career. He's seen the big show, he see how good this shit works, how fucking well this works and all that. And then he had to progress to seeing some fucked up shit later with lesser people. you know what I mean? So I think he didn't understand the gravity of where he was. I know he talked about like me being a hard boss, but like, I would only say like I knew the value of his life at a time where he didn't have a value, especially as a young kid.


you know what I mean? So I may not be the perfect guy to work for, but like I run a tight ship and we're gonna fucking train. you know what I mean? We're not just gonna fucking sit in the team room and call ourselves trained, turn this shit on, make a radio fucking call. Can you do that? No. Well, let's figure that shit out now. These guns, can you shoot 'em yes or no? If no, let's do this better. Right? So I just felt like, you know, in his book he kind of talks about me as like, you know, I don't know, like maybe a bad boss in a little bit of light. But the reality is, is like, yo, I had already done all this shit.


you know what I mean? I valued everybody's life. And I know the war takes bodies and I had already seen loss and I had already learned the solo mission stuff. You can't kill enough people to win today, right? You just can't. The Nazis tried it, it doesn't fucking work. Stop saying that. you know what I mean? Like guys say that all the time. Stop fucking saying that the only way to win a war is preserve life, whether it's yours or the people's lives that need to be preserved, right? So I think I was just in a, a much more experienced place when Tim came on, you know what I mean? And then like he's a great friend of mine just at his house in Austin the other day. Like I love his kids, his family we're good friends.


But like as a new guy, you know, in the Q course, he was probably the fucking baddest dude in the Q course I, and then you come to a place where you're now bottom, that's hard for somebody with high confidence to deal with. you know what I mean? Yeah. And then, you know, I would just say like, you know, here he is as a young guy giving me shit, I should be on every mission. A helicopter got shot down today. There's one fucking helicopter left. you know what I mean? Okay. I gotta cut one fucking helicopter as the boss. Don't take that personal, your helicopter got shot down today.


You're staying home today. What? How you want me to, you know what I mean? How else we gonna slice this? Right? So he would take that as like a personal attack, you know what I mean? Like, oh, he is making me stay back 'cause I'm the new guy. Well yeah, 'cause a helicopter shot down and instead of bringing 36, we can only bring, I don't know, fucking 24. Who the fuck knows, you know, 29, I don't know. I don't know the numbers, but you know what I mean? And like I know like him having to stay back on missions sucks. I've been there. But the reality is, is like you can't just be fucking poopy and kick rocks while we're gone. Yeah, right? You should be prepping them trucks, loading them, machine guns.


What if we need help? You should be coming in guns a blazing. you know what I mean? So it's like, I think all that is he felt as a new guy is we were trying to keep him down. But what he kind of missed, 'cause he really didn't do any army time, was this is just the way it works for sometimes. You know what I mean? Yeah. No like malice here. No one wanted to keep Timmy down, you know? And then he got so bad at like talking shit and being poopy that like the commanders, the officers are like, get him under control or we're gonna make sure he's outta special forces forever. Wow.


And that's when I started to fucking get on his shit. So I know he might've hate me a little bit, but it was only to to protect him. I mean, he is a decent guy. He is got great intent. He's fucking talented. He's just immature. What do you do? Right? And that's when, that's when we told him, my commander's like he needs to go to ranger school. Maybe this'll learn him a little bit. you know what I mean? and so I told him he was going to ranger school after Iraq. And like basically he fucking cried about it a lot. Mr. Valedictorian of fucking ranger school was not fucking happy and was totally verbal about it. And like the commanders are like, if he says another fucking word, he's fucking I'm, I get this.


I got him. Like, it's cool. you know what I mean? So I was the bad guy, but it was to protect him at the same time. you know what I mean? And then we were right. He went to ranger school, he passed, he did fucking great. He learned guess what he learned in Ranger school about him and what he could take. you know what I mean? And then, I don't know, maybe a year ago, maybe longer, he called me and he was like, he's actually in, where he's now a team sergeant, right? Like he's where I was, right? But he's 40 and he was like, Hey, you know Now that I'm with you are, I kind of appreciate you, you know, stuff like that.


And I was like, I just want to know when I was the old man, I was 34. You're doing it at 40. Come on. Who won? you know what I mean? And so you did have to tune him up? Yeah, I put him down in the dirt one day. Yeah. What instigated that Man? Just a fucking incessant talking shit about kicking everybody's ass. you know what I mean? And then like one day I was just like, yo, you're gonna kick all of our asses. Yeah. All of our asses. Yeah. I was like, yo, meet me at the fucking dojo at midnight. you know what I mean?


And then what he didn't know is while he was all poopy out kicking rocks or mad at whatever, he was mad at all. The guys are like, yo, I'll be at the Dojo. I want a piece of this action. And I'm like, it is easy to fill the dojo that night. And then I was just like, look, we're gonna fight in the order of rank. Now. The new guys didn't like it. And I'd say Timmy did well for, I don't know, 2, 3, 4 guys. I don't fucking know. But he couldn't beat us all. And a couple of the senior guys like me, like one of the senior guys was a golden gloves boxer, you know what I mean? And he was just throwing it at him, you know what I mean? And then like I was second to last 'cause the captain went last, right?


And then generally captain, you know what I mean? Like one of my best friends ever, not a great fighter, you know what I'm saying? Kind of like puss arm a little bit, you know what I mean? And I was like, well this is it. It's gotta be on me. And I just made sure in the time I had, I bloodied him up and I made sure he was down. And then all I did is I whispered in his ear like, I hope we don't have to have this talk again. And I walked out, me and the guys walked out, left him in there laying on the ground. You know what I mean? But what I tried to teach him was, you can't beat us all. This is a team sport. We're a pack.


you know what I mean? This is how we work right now. We should be a dozen lone wolves. But when those lone wolves come together as a pack, you got a dozen alpha wolves as a pack. Any one of them wolves can handle themselves. This is gonna be better than one lead dog. And you know, X other dogs. Does that make sense? It does. And that's really where I was going. you know, I'll bet you didn't have to have that talk again. Huh? We didn't. No, never again. It's funny how that works. And then in Iraq, if I would've said, he's fucking gone. He'd have been gone today. And there's no recovering from that because you got booted out of combat.


Your career is over. you know what I mean? I didn't want to ruin someone's career or I don't know, you know, if he's gonna be a lifer or not. you know what I mean? Like we used to, we used to joke like the guys that were, you know, like when I was a senior guy, my senior guys, we used to call ourself lifers. And the lifer has a different attitude about this than the guy who does one rotation. Yeah. you know what I mean? So we always tried to keep him, you know, in a good place. you know what I'm saying? And then you know the other new guys, right?


They've been around, they were on other teams. They're in the same boat as him. He ain't never done shit or been anywhere. you know what I mean? And that's kind of what some of the guys thought. So I would say this is like, I just wanted to groom him, like why kick out a fucking good guy? Like the war requires bodies. I needed more bodies than the Army would actually give me every fucking day. I was in war, in my opinion. So yeah, that's my, my Timmy stuff. But you know, I mean I think he's great. He's a good friend of mine. But like I don't think he really understood or knew my experience level.


'cause I didn't talk about any of that. Them, the guys didn't know about my singleton missions or anything like that. They just knew when like I knew everybody. you know what I mean? Yeah. And General Miller comes around, he's asking, he doesn't wanna talk to my boss, he's asking for me by name. you know what I mean? Like that's kind of really all they knew about me. No shit. Yeah. So when I went to sf, no one knew that worked for me. What I had already done. No kidding. No I had a fucking, I looked like a Mexican general. I got so many fucking medals Bronze stars, a fucking Wards V devices. I had so much shit when I was in my, when we had to take our death photos, you know what I mean?


you know your death photo. I think there's a picture of like even with Timmy in it, as we got our Class A, our dress jackets with other ribbons on. And like I was just like, I don't care what pants you wear, it's a fucking picture from here up. Like put your jackets on. Right? So when we took the death photo, right? Guys are like, whoa, you got a lot of ribbons and stuff. you know what I mean? Like it's the first time guys are like, wow, you already got a bronze star with me. 'cause those guys had never even been to combat yet. No shit. Yeah. Seventh group was kind of out of the war till then. Wow. Wow. But yeah. How long did you work with him, Tim?


Yeah. I don't know. Not that long. Total time. Like he kind of came before we deployed. After we deployed is when I went back to the dark side. And then I ended up getting promoted after that. And you guys kept in touch this entire time or reconnected it later? No, like we've been in touch on and off of, he like, like, I don't know, I think I've had the same phone number the whole time. But like he changes numbers occasionally and like, Hey, I changed numbers. Like don't give no one my new number. Like I didn't give no one the last number. Yeah. But yeah, I've been in touch this whole time. I know, man. Yeah. I'm hoping to get down to Austin and train with him because he trains with the fucking biggest guys in the world right now.


Yeah. you know what I mean? Yeah. Well I'm sure he'll make that happen. I hope so. Yeah. But yeah, I mean like look, I mean, as new guys go, probably the worst new guy I had. Not the worst human in the world, not a bad person. Just, I just think guys that previously were in the Army understand the things that he hadn't learned yet. you know what I mean? It does. It makes sense. Does make sense. What's your advice for new guys showing up to a team? Yeah, man, first and foremost, you get to a team, shut your fucking mouth just for a little bit.


No one cares about you. You're fresh meat, you know what I mean? They don't care if you live or die. You haven't earned your fucking keep yet. Shut your fucking mouth. The next thing is, there's only one thing you gotta do. And the only thing I would say, the only thing you're given that you can't change is your name. You fucked that up. You're fucked. Don't fuck up your name. you know what I Mean? Yeah. I'd say that's damn good advice. The next thing I'd say is try to be technically proficient at anything people throw at you. As dumb as it is, read the instructions for the fucking little radio. you know what I mean? Like so you know how to use it when the time comes.


you know what I mean? Whether that technique proficient is shooting rifles, pistols, using a radio fucking medic. I mean, think about this. When I went out alone, I had to be my own medic, my own camo guy, my own weapons guy, my own explosives guy. Like name all the different guys on a team. When you're out alone, you gotta do all that shit. So I would say be technically proficient and it's not fucking hard. you know what I mean? Like even hung over. Just pay attention. That's all you gotta do. Yeah. Attention to detail, you know? Did you like the Singleton missions more than working as a team?


First off, I loved having my own fucking task force in Iraq and the autonomy to do whatever the fuck I think is right. I love that. I love the singleton missions in the sense that like I didn't get stuck with anybody fucking stupid. I didn't have to do anything stupid. I could do this my way. I could do this. you know how I wanted to do it without anybody hindering or fucking stepping over the top of me. I like that. I'm not political. So when I go out and do this fucking mission, when I come back, I'm gonna tell it to you like it is. Instead of like trying to hype myself of how great I am.


Like look, this is what I found. This is what I saw. you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Well, Shrek is there. Is there anything else do you want me to ask you? No, I think I'm good. I mean, if you can't think of anything, I'm good. I'm good. Well, it was an honor to interview you, Thank, you and Thank you wish you the best of luck and I hope to see you again. Thanks man. Yeah. You'll see me again for sure.


Hey, it's Rich Eisen here. Join me and my compadre Chris Brockman. Every Monday on the OverReaction Monday podcast, Rich Jameis has taken the Browns to the playoffs. Dude, why can't they win seven, eight games to finish the year? Why not? I'm not saying it's no, why not? But this is a definitive statement that's clearly an overreaction and it's perfect fodder for a show like this one. I appreciate you coming out of the gate hot. Come react or overreact with us. OverReaction. Monday, wherever you listen. It's game over, over man.