
A B, C Thursdays. Welcome back. Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just another doctor. My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You are unbelievable. Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


John Gentry, welcome to the show. Thank, you for having Me. My pleasure. We have a variety of topics we're gonna talk about here today. Your new book, Neutering, the CIA A, the polarization of the intelligence organizations. And, but what I'd like to kick it off with is, and what I was really excited to talk to you about other than that is propaganda. I've been talking about it for a while. I am not the greatest at explaining how it works and things to look out for, but I think you would be. and so I'd like to kind of kick it off with that.


But, but before everybody gets an introduction here. So I don know if I'm missing anything. Quite the intro. Dr. John Gentry, PhD in political science and a BA in history retired US Army Reserve Lieutenant Colonel Tudies, mainly in intelligence and special operations arenas, former intelligence analyst at Central Intelligence Agency. You're a frequent WI writer on intelligence and national security issues. Author of Neutering, the CIA A why the US Intelligence versus Trump has long-term consequences.


Co-authored strategic warning intelligence, history Challenges and Prospects, and has published about 40 articles on intelligence topics. We were talking about some of those on the way here. Frequent public speaker on intelligence issues. Former, excuse me, former Army Special forces soldier and current adjunct professor at Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service and teaches for the School of Defense in de in strategic studies at Missouri State University. Am I missing anything? No. Main points. All. Right?


But I have a, a subscription service that we offer to our top supporters called Patreon and So I Allow them to ask each guest one question. and so this question is from David Crosby. Do you feel Russia is acting with China or vice versa on a majority of our headlines? Well, it appears that they're working together on some, my, my interpretation here is that Russia's got its own agenda. China clearly has, has an agenda too, I think, I think with respect to, to Ukraine for example, and Russian information operations, we'll talk about, they, they're, they're, they're operating pretty much on their own.


Okay, so the, you don't think they're, they're connected in their propaganda wars? Not that I see. Not that I see. They both are using techniques that the Soviets developed, but they've got their own agendas and their techniques are, are different in some respects. Okay. Well there you have it. We don't think they're, they're together. But, you know, let's just move right into the interview. I really want to kick this off with talking about propaganda. Yeah. So if you could kind of explain, you know, maybe just some basics on how it works and what people can watch out for.


Let's start with with, with kind of how it works. Okay. So what you're, what you're trying to do with information operations propaganda actually is only one element of that. So propaganda would be something that would be fairly obvious in, in media brochures, things of that sort. But there, there's a, a wide range of other things. Forgeries, for example, social media doings, So, I. I prefer to talk about influence operations or inf or information operations. The, the, the history of this as it pertains to the United States. So if we're thinking about different countries, this would be somewhat different. But as we were talking earlier, the, the, the Soviet Union over a century ago, in the early 1920s, set up information operations that were designed to subvert and ultimately destroy their capitalist opponents.


and so that their intelligence services, their foreign ministry, even their, their national leaders were, were integrated in these, in these, these, these campaigns. One of the, the foremost of these operators early on was a young German communist by the name of Billy Munsen, who, who who, who organized printing for s publishing houses that would publish material that was consistent with Soviet interests. He also organized groups of various sorts. He divided them into, into, into groups that would, that would be roughly homogenous.


So there'd be students groups, there'd be professors groups, there'd be women's groups, labor groups and so on. And they would, they would recruit people under false fir false circumstances. And in essence, get these, these people to push lines and push programs that were consistent with the, with the, with Soviet interest. And Billy called these things in Innocence clubs because he was able to fool so many people so much of the time they were innocence. TS at the N. So this is a, you know, using this, this, this word is a as a noun. Well, the Soviets pushed this very hard through all of their, their affiliates around the world through the Communist International, the common turn, there was a variant of that here in the United States called the Communist Party of the USA, which still exists, still is a Soviet oriented, did you say the Communist Party of the USA?


Yes, yes. So this was formed again, a little over a hundred years ago and still exists. and so if you wanna look online, actually you can get a, you can find a newspaper that they publish every day. Wow. People, people's world. I have a friend, as an, as an aside, I have a friend who has eclectic interests of various sorts. And he, he, he, he looks at conservative press. He also gets a subscription to the Wall Street, to the Washington Post and to the, the Communist Party paper. And he sees very little difference between the Washington Post and the, and the Communist party paper. Very interesting. So they're still operating. Again, this is a legacy of the, the, the, the Soviet Union.


So Soviet intelligence took over after the common turn was, was abolished in 1943 at pressure from, from the Soviet union's, wartime, wartime allies, the United States and, and Great Britain. They, they knew what the common turn was all about. And they said, wait a minute, we're fighting this war with you, not against you. Stop, stop trying to subvert us. So, so Stalins said, oh yeah, okay, okay, we'll, we'll get rid of the, the, the, the common turn. But he, he, he gave a subversion mission to intelligence So it, it continued. So the KGB formed and the Committee for State Security formed in 1954, then took over that mission.


And in the late 1950s, the, the, the Communist Party Pilot Bureau gave the, the, the KGB an extra mission and emphasized more what they called active measures. So active measures would be sometimes physical actions, assassinations, kidnappings, and so on. But mostly it was information operations broadly, broadly defined. And they established in 1962, what was called Service A, which is part of the first chief directorate or the foreign, the foreign intelligence operation, the KGB roughly the, roughly the CIA equivalent of the, of the KGB.


And these, these people had a wide ranging set of missions and, and, and did a wide ranging set of things. So they forged documents that would be given to Western newspapers. They planted stories in newspapers in places like India, for example, hoping that they would get picked up by West European and, and United States newspapers. What Kind of stories? Stories, for example, like, like that, that the AIDS epidemic was a, was a product of the United States Defense Department. So, it was one of their most effective active measures operations.


So one, let's just dive into that one specifically. So they leak a, they get a story into India's media. Yeah. And they hope that we pick it up, right. Why would we pick up what India media? 'cause it's a good, good and interesting story, but it was not a sure thing. So, so the Soviets had other things that they would do. So they would, they would write stories and feed them to sympathetic journalists who would then publish 'em verbatim. But they also did, was, was published in essence notes. This is the, this is the, the message we want To get across point a, point B and so on, and I then give it to you.


So I'm a KGB agent, you're my asset. I give it to you, And. Then you write up my message in your style So. it doesn't look like a KGB product anymore, but you're, you're passing passing on the, on the on, on the message. So again, a wide variety of approaches that were, that were used to provide a consistent general message, but one that would not be obvious. So what they're, what they did was develop techniques that, that were, were designed specifically to be long-term in goal, long-term in duration. That would be subtle, that would be complimentary and would be hard to both identify and combat.


It was a, a, a very effective program. Then they actually came up with a name for it back in the 1950s. They call, they call it reflexive control. So you're trying, To get, so I'm trying To get you to do what I want, but you need to not know that you have been influenced by me. Right. So that has worked very well for the Soviets and the KKGB officers who defected, who were involved in active measures campaigns have said repeatedly, it really was very easy to fool Westerners, to fool Americans.


These are people, gullible people. And they particularly were, were fond of, of targeting political liberals. Not cons, not hard conservatives, and not hard leftists. And again, go back to Billy Mun Berg's Innocence Clubs. They wanted to create a lot of allies as part of the effort to subvert the, the country, the, the, the, the country as a whole. And their argument was that it was relatively easy to subvert to, to fool liberals for two reasons. One, one, liberals were generally sympathetic to the Soviet view, but not wholly holy in the Soviet camp. They weren't, weren't communists.


And secondly, because they were generally sympathetic, they didn't ask a lot of questions about sourcing, about accuracy. Interesting. So, so they were, they found that it was easy, easy to fool, fool liberals. And what they also did, importantly for what's going on here now in 2024 on the campuses, is that they worked, they worked the, the, the universities. So they were pushing, pushing materials on the, on the, on the universities. The Russians were So, yeah, Soviets. And now the Russians are doing it, are doing, are doing it too. How Are, how are they manipulating our schools today?


Well, they're the, the, the governments of these countries, I think are at this point are not, so they influenced enough early on so that, so that they were able To get enough friends, if you will, either, either committed Marxists or fellow travelers to, to now do this, to now to do this, to do this on, on, on, on their own. To back up, back up and go, go a little bit different direction, if I might. But a complimentary way. there was a group of people in the, in the 19, in the teens and twenties, and then in the 1930s, good Marxists wanted revolution, wanted that good, that good, you know, perfect world.


That, that Marx promised, but realized that the, the economic conflict that Marx had talked about was not gonna work. So as you recall, Marx postulated that there were, there were two competing groups in the world. Capitalists and, and workers. The proletariat. Their interests were incompatible. And that, and that at some point, the proletariat would overthrow the capitalists. And we'd have, we'd have a perfect, perfect world forever. Well, the problem problem was that workers didn't see the world the way Marx did. And they said, gee, you know, capitalism seems to work pretty well for us too.


We can, if we, we contribute here, we can, we can, we can do, do be better for ourselves and for our families too. So by the twenties, good Marxists, were saying this, this original Marxist plan is not working. So what we need to do is find other ways to divide people and generate the kinds of conflicts, the kind of conflict that Marx envisioned. So in other words, get to the Marxian state a different way. And the way they came, the way they proposed to do this is through, is through social means, through societal, societal means. And fast forward a lot of ways.


Basically, basically there were five areas that were targeted for, for, for, for efforts to, again subvert the, the old Western capitalist way of doing things and help generate the, the, the, the, the, the, the Marxian Nirvana, if you will, five of them. Education. Why you want to go after a young mind. It's a relatively effective way of, of, of, of converting people, either all away or at least getting sympathetic allies. And it's relatively cheap. The young people of today are the leaders of 20 and 30 years from now.


You have a long time horizon. You're trying to do this in a subtle way. So you go after education, you're targeting the press, basically the same, basically the same, same argument. You're going after the law. 'cause you want the law to begin to operate in your favor. You're not looking for scales that are even, you're looking, you're looking for the law to favor you. Right? Fourth one. Fourth one is religion. So you want To get, you want To, get rid of, you wanna destroy organized religion because organized religion talks about a, a a a a, an alternative world incompatible with the Marxian world.


So religion is a, is a, is a core enemy of Marxism. And the fifth one is a family. So you wanna destroy the family unit where people look out for the, the themselves and their, their spouse and their children. They're looking for the future of the, the, the, the, the family. You want loyalty in a, in a marxian state to be, to be society wide. Your i your identity is not to the family, it's to your group. Alright, so, so the, so the mechanism then is that, is that you've got information operations broadly defined going after all of these five areas because they are impediments to the Marxian Revolution.


Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance that you could have done right here, right now. You could be covered from your couch in less than 10 minutes with no health exam required. Just go to meet fabric.com/sean. Once again, that's meet fabric.com/sean as we approach the new school season with memories of summer family fun behind us. It's time for you to finally get the life insurance you need to protect your family. You've heard me talk about Fabric by Gerber Life for a few years now because Fabric by Gerber Life is great term life insurance designed by parents for parents, and trusted by millions of families like yours For over 50 years, fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit my family and budget like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. It's all online. So apply when it's convenient for you. There's absolutely no risk. They have a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. Join me in the thousands of parents who trust Fabric to protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean. That's mefa.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health questions.


Well, you might want to think about taking some of that cash and try to protect your purchasing power with precious metals like gold and silver. It's simple. Go to sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. You'll learn about top rated Precious Metals Company Goldco and how they can help you. They're a top rated company with over 6,005 star reviews, tons of awards, and they support this show. And for my listeners, you can get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. So if you're worried about your money losing value or you just wanna buy some precious metals that you can physically hold onto something that's real and been around for thousands of years, Goldco can help. So go to sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. That's 8 5 5 9 3 6. Gold performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


So it's, it is the press, the education system, the law, the family unit. Yeah. And religion. And religion. Right. And we're seeing, and all five of those are under significant stress in the United States at the moment. That's what I was just gonna say. We're seeing all of, we've been seeing this happen for a, for quite a while now. Right. So how do we do this in other countries? No, We don't. No, Nothing close. Nothing close. So for many, for a number of years, CIA was the agent, well back up even before that, right? So, so before, before World War ii, we had nothing close to coherent, you know, foreign policy, I don't think, frankly.


But certainly we did not have anything close to an influence. Operation CIA was created as, you know, in 1947 and in the forties, fifties, sixties, there were, there were some, some operations that were conducted that by Soviet standards were, were, were accrued and simple and small. So you, we've had public release of information that CIA helped publish some books, for example, and made some pamphlets and contributed to non-communist youth going to conventions in Europe and and so on.


But by, by by Soviet standards, this activity was, was trivial. And as best I can tell, almost all of it was, was, was ended in, in the mid 1970s. So Congress got a hold of some of the real abuses of CIA and FBI in the army in the 1960s and said, enough, we're not doing any more of this. So CIA is a good bureaucracy, said, we're not gonna, we're not gonna do things that are gonna get in trouble, get us into trouble with, with Congress. So they've basically quit, quit doing this. So the, the, the, the malign influence operations are, are basically being conducted around the world by states that want to change the system.


Interesting. So you have, you have, you know, you have Norway for example, that, that says, gee, we'd really like you to know about our, our salmon industry or, you know, where we, we we got great hydro power and we're a green country and so on. So they have some in essence propaganda operations to let the world know about what Norway's doing. That's good. But that's a fundamentally different thing than what we're, what we've been talking about. Hmm. Man, I would, I don't know. I'm not, I have a feeling the agency has its hands on this, but, but we'll take it. Well, We'll kind of, let's come back to that when we talk about the politicization issue, because that's been, that's been asserted in my, my view is that there's a relationship, but it's, it's not quite what's been asserted publicly.


You know, So I got another question. I mean, we're not just looking at the Russians here, we're also looking at, I mean, China obviously has a hand, a big hand in this. Yeah, yeah. And, and well actually, I'm curious before we dive into that, we know Russia is involved in this against us. We know China is involved in information wars against us. Is there anybody else that we should be looking out for Besides this? Well, two, two big ones are, are, are big ones, but not as big or Iran Iranians are doing information operations by, by many standards, a lot of it through cyber, cyber operations. And the North Koreans are doing some too north. and so here you got the big four intelligence targets of the CIA now publicly identified going back, what, five years now ago now.


And they're all, they're all heavily, heavily involved in information operations as well as nuclear weapons and, you know, conquering other countries and so On. you know, and we, we had discussed the five, I'm surprised. Where would social media and cyber operations fall into in those five categories? Well, they would, they would be those, these were the old Soviet ones now. Right. and so This may be a, would be a sixth. So, well, well, these would be, these would be the ways that you create a turmoil in capitalist society to generate the, the Marxian revolution.


Well, the Russians are not Marxists, are they? Putin, you know, authoritarians Yeah. Russian nationalists. Yep. But they're not, they're not Marxist Leninist the way the, the way the Soviets were. So a lot of what the Russians are doing now, borrowing the techniques and, and you know, in terms of forgeries, in terms of getting information to friendly journalists and so on. But their goals are different. So there's, so Putin is pretty clearly got a, a Russian nationalist agenda, restore the territorial empire that, that, that horribly from his perspective, horribly was lost when the Soviet Union collapsed.


So they're the, how do you do that? You're targeting then groups that are, that are opposing you, for example, in Ukraine. So that would be the European Union. That would be, that would be nato, and that would be member states of those, those countries. So you want to, to generate divisions. So pretty clearly one of the big targets in the United States is to use information operations, basically active measures again. But now you're trying to generate a, generate removal of support for Ukraine in the United States.


And social media is a, a key way to do that. The people they're targeting are, are Republicans. So you remember, remember I mentioned earlier that the Soviets found it easiest to target liberals. The Russians are going after conservatives in United States, in Hungary, in Italy. Several other European countries too began basically to divide, to break the consensus of these big alliances that, that are, that are really unwieldy in the sense that they require unanimity to make major decisions. So if you can, you can break the unanimity, then you can break support for, for Ukraine, for example.


That's interesting. Do you, now I'm in a, let's, let's stick with the Russians. They've been at this for well over a hundred years. Okay? They would have some very deep ties into media outlets and writers in all, in, in, in the media world, correct? I mean, standing assets. Why wouldn't they continue? I mean, if they, if they started this on liberals and now they're transitioning to conservative media, wouldn't they have to, they would have To get in here, create all new assets in a, in a, in a completely different sector than liberal media.


Well, why wouldn't they? Why wouldn't they? As they're developing those assets within the conservative media and the conservative space, why wouldn't they continue to try to manipulate the liberal? Oh, I think they probably are. I think they are. But the most important, you know, thinking about the current, you know, roughly the current situation as, as, as best I can tell, and a number of people who follow Russia more closely than I do, indicate that, you know, that the current current push is as Ukraine for obvious reasons. It's a major demanding war on, you know, on their part. So who, who is, who is prospectively a thorn in the side of, of NATO and, and, and the European Union?


It's conservatives. Oh, No I. A hundred percent agree with you So. I mean, it's so, they're so what they're doing, remember this is, this is a long time, long time program, right? So you're dealing with lots of, lots of, of of avenues. Some very subtle, some not very subtle at all. You're constantly developing new, new, new, new groups and new and new approaches based on, on your, on your, on your needs. Yeah. And I, So I don't think it's, it, it it's a, it is an evolution, not a, not a, not a requirement for a, a wholesale change. I feel Like trying to manipulate conservatives to be against the, the Ukraine against us funding Ukraine for the Russia, Ukraine war, that's low hanging fruit for Russia.


Why wouldn't they? Yeah. you know? Yeah. That's, I mean, and You've had a dramatic change. I mean, can you, can you imagine Ronald Reagan comes from the grave. Can you imagine him agreeing with what many of the house Republicans have been saying about Ukraine? I mean, he'd be, he'd be flabbergasted. Yeah. Yeah. Who's the, who's the, who's the rhino here? Yeah, yeah. But you know, as far as, so we have four, four countries that were, that, that are key players in information wars against the US At at Least do these four, the four biggest. Do these four, do you feel like they, are they all in this together at some point?


I mean, we know they all have their own agendas for, for whatever reasons. But do you think behind the scenes there they are also, even though they have specific agendas that they want to push into the us, are they also allies? Well, I, I suspect they may cooperate in, in some respects, but in the information arena, they, they're, you know, they have a public, I mean, they, not public, but I mean they have, they have a, an obvious similar goal to damage the United States. But do, do they need to cooperate to do that? No, they don't. So they just, that's just pretty obvious.


So they're doing their own things to, to damage us, to damage our foreign policies, to damage their damage us capacities, to, to be, be a world player and, and, and, and so on. And this gets back to, again, the, the, the Marx, the Marxist in, in, in the United States too. I, and so remember I mentioned the, so the, this, this, this, this, you know, social, you know, cultural Marxism. So you've got lots of the five different avenues. Everybody knows what the general plan is, but there's no, there's no coherent guiding force that says, you're gonna do this, you're gonna do that, you're gonna do something else.


They all know what the overall plan is, and people can then pick their little niche and push in in a way that's roughly consistent with the, the overall agenda. What are some things that people are seeing on an everyday basis right now that is part of this information war? That, that the, that the, that the United States and Israel are colonial, colonial powers and that, and that the decolonization movement, which is a Marxian argument that, that you need, that you need to have the United States and Israel decolonize the rest, the rest of the world.


So this, this basically is, is, is right out of right out of part of Marxism. Lenin, Vladimir Lenin years ago talked about imperialism and colonialism and, and so on. It tracks very well. Edward Saeed was a Marxist who, who pushed the, the colonial colonial aspect. Another one that's very common is the diversity, equity and inclusion policies that have been adopted by the Biden administration, pushed by the Obama administration, basically ignored by, by President Trump. This comes right out of critical theory.


Another one of the cul cultural Marxist views that was developed in the 1930s originally at the, by the, so-called Frankfurt School. So critical, critical race theory, critical legal studies, critical pedagogy, which you're using to indoctrinate teachers who were then indoctrinating school children. So on everything that's got a critical associated with it is Marxian and origin. Interesting. What, And DEI is right out of critical race theory. So this is a very much a, a snowball effect.


Well, yeah. So it's continuing, it's going on. And then arguably it's, it's, it's a, a achieving widespread large scale successes. What's coming next? Well, that's a good question. I mean, a number of people are talking about civil war at this point, aren't they? And it clearly also, a number of, a number of people have said, gee, I'm finally beginning to realize what's going on here. And this is unacceptable. So they're, they're fighting back against it. And whether, whether this now counter revolution, if you will, this is what Chris Ruffo calls what's going a counter revolution against the Marxian revolution.


It's been underway for decades now. So whether this counter revolution will succeed or not, remains to be seen. The, the, the revolution is, as we were talking earlier, the, the, the, the, the Marxist revolutionaries have been quite successful. They know what they're doing. It's, they're, they're, they're tough customers. So, so the people who wanna fight them have got quite a battle ahead of them When it comes to manipulating the legal system. How are they doing that? Well, you, you infiltrate the law schools and you, you, you create people who are, or Marx scene in Outlook.


You have then people who are appointing judges, for example, who are, who are agree, who agree with you. So that's the whole, that's the whole point of, of, of, of manipulating the flow into the legal system, is that you get ultimate, ultimate prosecutors. You get, you get, and, and ultimately then what judges and decisions that are consistent with your, with, with your view. So we have, we have prominently now a number of, of, of, depending on your perspective, either really good or soft on crime, prosecutors around the country, most, if not all of whom have been elected.


George Soros has been providing a lot of money to, to support these people's campaigns and so on. So here you've got, through the prosecution side, you've got a, an essence and a manipulation of the legal system. And that, and, and that a lot of people who are marking an orientation say, we don't care what some of the law says. We will, we will differential differentially enforce that which we like. So when, when it comes to manipulating the legal system, there's more than one avenue. So there, there's the, there's the seed that has been planted from a hundred years ago that continues to snowball Yeah.


In different ways. We Got into our education system, the people that were, that were in school being educated to become lawyers, Right? Another one, another one are Now, are now graduated. Some of those are teaching the next generation, right? Some of those are actually in the legal system as prosecutors, district attorneys, judges, right? Some of them are in the federal government administer administering the law through regulations. So that, so when these, It's another, another, another venue. So is, is there direct communication from, so we have the, the entity that started a hundred years ago.


That's a snowball effect right? Now we're also talking about Soros funded prosecuting attorneys, right? And we're talking about, so is there a direct line of communication from, do these attorneys realize they're being manipulated or Is it just come through campaign funding? Oh, I don't, I don't, I don't think they know they're being manipulated. I think they're, they, they understand the general plan. Okay. And They are doing their part to help us succeed. So they've been recruited. Yes. So are they an asset of Russia? No. No.


Well, I mean, they, they can help, but, but they're not an asset in the way you And. I understand. you know, understand that, that term from the intelligence world. So an asset in intelligence would be someone who is to some degree controlled by a formal representative of, of a, of a government. Okay. Like a KGB officer would have an asset who would be prov and the defense department hypothetically, who would be providing secrets. No. So they're not assets in that respect at all. They're allies. So if you think another way to, to think about this, and there are lots of different ways to think about this. This is pretty complicated. But the way, way I think of it anyway is that, is that you've got people who, who, who, who are widely, and going back to, to Lennon, actually in Stalin, you've got party people members who are either either working for foreign government, working for the kgb or they are working within their own, their own national context, working for communist party of the USA, for example.


That they are party members. They, they, they, they accept party discipline and party go party orders. You will do this, you know? Yes, sir. And no questions asked. It's a mil, these are almost military type organizations. First group, relatively small. This is a hardcore, then you have fellow travelers term that's been around a long time. So these are people who are generally sympathetic to the, to the, the overall goal. But they're not completely on board. There are a few areas that they may disagree with. And they also don't want to sub subject themselves to the kind of discipline that a party member is, is, is subject to.


And then the third group is the, the people who, who Lenin, Lenin reputedly called useful idiots and term that I Like better Stalin's term. He calls them, he called them naive dupes. So you want, what you want to do is recruit a bunch of naive dupes to be in essence the foot soldiers of the revolution. So they're guided by their, recruited by, and they're, they're helpful for, they vote for the goals of the, of the, of the party members. And they're closely related fellow travelers.


So the, the, the people we're talking about now, the prosecutors and so on, they are not naive dupes. They are either the hardcore or they're very close fellow travelers. So these, so let's talk about the pro, the prosecutors. So are they, I guess what I'm trying to ask is when Russia or Soros or China or Iran, whoever is trying to infiltrate into the, into the, the prosecutor's space, they're not directly influencing these prosecutors.


They're looking for people who align with, with their agenda the closest Yeah. In, in this, in this case. But in the case, they're Already on In the Yeah. And they, they're already on board. So, so they don't really have to do anything but funnel money into their, yeah. Into their campaign funds. Yeah. And the Chinese actually have a, have a, and, and have a different, and I think in many ways, well, they're all sophisticated, but it's a diff different kind of sophistication. What their, their messaging is not so much we, you know, us against them. you know, we break nato, we break the EU and purpose, you know, for purposes of supporting Russian national interests.


The, the Chinese have a more diffuse d diffuse system. They're, they're trying to not destroy the system and put in their own, but kinda mold it in their, in a, in, in the, in, in their own kind of way. They use, they use information operations in a very different way. So you've got, you've got millions of Chinese students, for example, around the world, at universities. They're all, they're all assets of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese Communist Party, the ccp. So by law, they are, they are subject to, to direction, to, to gather information, to disseminate information.


They've got a massive operation here that, that, that, that is, you know, a very different sort of thing than the old Soviet system that was run by the KGB, for example. But similarity is what you're using sophisticated means, long duration, lots of different venues. And you're trying to to, to convince target countries to do things differently politically, in ways that benefit you. What are some things we're seeing China implement through This? Well, for example, one of the things that's been done around the world, there was a big effort in the United States.


There's been some pushback on that. They create, they create conf what they, what they call Confucius Institutes at, at universities. And now they've got, actually have a variant of that, that's, that's going to, to secondary schools around the world. The last I looked, which was a little over a year ago, there were about 500 of these still in existence around the world at major universities in Western countries. So the goal here is you create a Confucius Institute, right? So Confucius famous, famous Chinese cultural person, at least he's famous in the West, right? But wasn't the Marxist, wasn't, wasn't a Maoist.


So Confucius is very much out in, in, in, in China. But because it's a useful name, you create a Confucius Institute here, you staff it with, with people who you, who you find loyal, you provide a lot of money to greedy Western universities. These are very mercenary organizations. So if, if, if you get you, you, you make a a a, a pitch to them, gee, we're going to do a culturally useful thing. We're gonna help you teach people Mandarin. This will help improve international relations.


And oh, by the way, we're giving you a lot of money. Universities have said grand idea, so we'll do this. So what the, what the people who follow the Confucius Institutes are, are saying is that these are core influence peddling operations, and they also are espionage centers. So you've got Chinese citizens working for the state, whether formally or not, they are working for the state. And they are, they are helping the, the, the, the Chinese intelligence services via businesses, via their think tanks, whatever it might be to, to gather information in the United States.


So this is a nice combination. So you can both, both do influence operations and espionage at the same time. Wow. What would you say the, I mean, what is the end goal? Is it To, get us into civil war. Is it to just divide every, Well, the Soviet, the Soviet, the Soviet goal was to destroy the United States as it was. That was known as a what as a capitalist Christian West leaning, you know, you know, 500 years of western civilization type, type of a type of an organization. So the goal was to, to have a crisis, whether it would be a, you know, whether it would be resolved by a civil war, a coup, or an election.


That would be the final election. you know, that would be, any one of those is okay. But the ultimate goal was for this new communist, communist state in North America to be sub subservient to Moscow. That was a Soviet goal. Russian's different. So Russian's goal, what they want, they wanna have, have, you know, restoration, wanna recreate the, the, the, the, the, the, the grand and glorious Soviet and Russian empires. So they don't need the United States to be destroyed. They just need the United States to be, to be out or, or abandoned or break nato.


'cause it's NATO that's protecting, protecting Ukraine and protecting the, the West Europeans, who by many standards, I think including Putin's, are, are relative pushovers with a few exceptions, with Swedes, the fins, they're, they're, they're tough cookies, but, but some of the others are, are not, not, not, not worth worrying about you Bell. So you wanna To get, you wanna, you wanna destroy us support for NATO and for the, the general North Atlantic community, because of that community is your enemy. If you're Vladimir Putin, how about China?


Well, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the, the experts say the Chinese are, are not trying to mess with Ukraine. They're, they're trying to say, well, we are, we are rising again and we need to take our proper place in the world. We're far and away the biggest country. Well, with India moving, you know, a big country and, and self-evidently our, our political system and our long-term, term culture and so on are superior to anything else. So what we need to do is reshape world organizations in ways that are, are Chinese. And we will guide, not control, but guide the, the, the renew renewed the, the evolved, if you will, international system.


So again, their goal is a little different than the Russians. Russians very Russian goal, as I understand it, very territorially oriented, very empire building oriented. The Chinese are more interested in, in, in, in influence. Although, you know, I talked about the importance of, of sophistication and subtlety and time. Both Xi Jinping and Putin have, have been very belligerent lately, haven't they? Yeah, certainly in Ukraine. So when you are more belligerent, then, then, then the influence operations To get harder. So you're, you're, you've got a situation where the chi the Chinese now are, are, are showing what probably are their true, their true, true selves.


How so? Well, what saying, well, in the sense that they're, they're being, they're pushing, they're trying to push around the, the Filipinos for example. They're talking about invading Taiwan and, and so on in the, in the 1970s, Deng Xiaoping leader at the time was reputed to have come up with a, a strategy that that's short been shortened to, to hide and abide. So you hide your goals, make China the predominant country in the world, and you bide your time until you are sufficiently strong culturally, militarily, economically, politically, and so on to force these changes on the rest of the world.


So what some of the, the China specialists are saying is that, is that it, the the, the hide is not so hidden anymore. Yeah. And, and so the, this, this, this hide and buy strategy, which fooled many people in the west for several decades, is now much more in the open. That said, they still have massive information, assets. The students are still out there, they still are providing funds to universities. They've still got huge press operations. They're providing funds to political candidates all over the western world.


So they're, they've still, they still have huge assets in place and they have some assets that the, the really, the Russians and the Soviets for sure never had business. So you got this massively potential, potentially anyway profitable Chinese market. And the, the Chinese can say to say to, to a big international bank or a tech company or a manufacturer of some sort, you're welcome to come into this, this, this nice Chinese market. We'll be happy to have you if you operate in a way consistent with our political interests. So a number of the, the agents of influence now are western, western businesses, the big banks, for example.


Wow. In tech, Which the Soviet and the tech, since it's China, China didn't, you know, excuse me, the Soviet Union never had, never had that kinda asset. I mean, pretty much all of our businesses, Well, an awful lot of 'em operate in China, don't they? Apple, apple, most of it's manufacturing for a long time was in China. So they're, they're, they're really, they've got a, you know, you know, noose around their necks, you know, in terms of being controlled, being susceptible to pressure from the Chinese. Now they're beginning now, as I understand, to, to, to put, put manufacturing plants in, in other countries. But they're still heavily, heavily committed to China, Is it too late to reverse this stuff.


No I don't think so. But it takes, it takes, It seemed to be really far down the road. It takes Understanding the situation. It takes, it takes I think stopping the ongoing pressure. So, so, you know, Russian, Russian, Russian influence operations are continuing day after day after day right now. So you need to stop those. And then you need to, to address the, the influence, the effects of the influence on western people, on voters, on university, professors, on journalists and so on.


But we haven't begun to do really any of that. Yeah, yeah. What are, just for, for people who are concerned about this and I think there's a lot of 'em, more and more people are waking up to false information and, and all these sorts of things. What, is there anything people could look out for to know what they're being fed? Well, if it's, if it's really good, that's hard. but I think, I think, you know, sort of general things that are, that people can keep in mind or be, be skeptical, you know, in conspiracy theories are, are, are usually made up things that make something look like there is a, an international conspiracy, or that, that the bad guys, whoever they may be, are going after your guys who are all good.


you know, if you hear that kind of a message, it's probably wrong. So, I think some skepticism is, is a good thing. you know, we, we tried here in the United States, the Biden administration tried in 2022 to create this what? Disinformation Yeah. The something or other board, The agency. Yes. And it lasted just a few weeks before it was, was, was done away with. And it, it, it got enormous criticism from Republicans, especially in this case, because Nina Janowitz, the, the, the, the head of it was, was said to be a, a, a, a, a purveyor of disinformation of the Biden administration.


Now, whether that's true or not, you know, let's leave it, let's leave aside, but the, the, the, the important point here is that we've already reached a point here in the United States where we've got political division sufficient so that it's, it's going to be hard To get any federal, federal entity that can be trusted society wide to be a, to be an arbiter of whether something is maligned for an influence or not. So we've already reached a pretty bad state here. Let's take a quick break. Okay. When we come back, we'll get into the polarization of the agencies.


When I first started podcasting, opening an online store is something I knew I needed to do, but I had zero clue on where to start. Tried all these different platforms and then I found Shopify, Shopify made the entire setup process fast and easy, prompting me to do everything like set up products, create blogs, and connect my social media. Because of Shopify, my online business runs more smoothly than ever. It's simple to manage and powerful enough for everything I need. I've tried just about every platform you can think of, and Shopify is my go-to every time. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout we use with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash sean. That's all lowercase. Again, go to Shopify dot com slash sean to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash sean.


Folks, you know it, America has never been this close to collapse. To make matters worse, we're right around the corner from an unprecedented political powder keg. And folks, the sparks are flying, but Smart Americans know this and are fighting back by investing in emergency preparedness now while they still can. and I strongly urge you to do the same by going to prepare with sean.com. Right now in My Patriot Supply, you'll find the best in class survival, food critical, potentially lifesaving gear like solar generators, biomass stoves, water filters, heirloom seeds, and much, much more. Everything you'll need to deal with what's right around the corner for this country. My Patriot Supply, tenacious, largest and most trusted emergency preparedness company and has helped over 3 million American families prepare for the unthinkable. Their famous, delicious food kits, which are packed in ultra durable, heavy duty pouches, deliver over 2000 calories a day and can last up to two and a half decades in storage. Plus your essential supplies ship lightning fast, which frankly these days could make all the difference order by 3:00 PM and your supplies will ship that same day in discreet unmarked boxes. Go to prepare with sean.com right now so you can join the ranks of the elite Americans who are ready for what's coming.


Alright, John, we're back from the break. Now we're gonna get into the good stuff about the polarization of the intelligence agencies. Yeah, Politicization, Politicization. Say that three times quickly. I'll do it off cam, but what kind of, what prompted this, what started this pol politi? Maybe I should have said it three times, right? But Well, maybe it may be first. The definition of politicization So it in, in the US context. So different countries have different, different ways of thinking about this. Basically this is, this is the, the injection of politics into some aspect of the in, of the intelligence business.


So historically, there have been two, two ways of seeing this in the United States. One is, one is what they call sometimes called politicization from above or top down politicization. And that that's when politicians will use intelligence as part of their fights with other politicians, part of the foreign policy decision making process as part of battles in Congress and so on. I, I view that more as the politics of intelligence. It's not really politicization. So it's not what I'm, not what I'm concerned about, not what I think we should be concerned about. What we should be concerned about is what's sometimes called bottom up or politicization by intelligence professionals.


So in this case, you've got people who are, who are using intelligence for political purposes. They're injecting messages into political pro into intelligence processes for, for, for purposeful reasons, be it ideological, political, organizational interests, career interests, and so on. But it, this, this historically has been viewed as being highly inappropriate, whether it's coming from the political left or right, because it damages the credibility of intelligence and it probably damages the quality of intelligence.


So, so until very recently, this has been considered to be, you know, wholly, wholly inappropriate and wholly out of bounds. And you know, generally at CIA, the pol, the four episodes that I've identified, three of 'em have come from a political left, one from the right, but all of them are generally considered to be, to be inappropriate. The most recent one, the one that, the one that emerged publicly in 2016 is very different from the other three in that much, much bigger in terms of numbers of people.


For the first time you had an attack on a, a sitting on a first, a presidential candidate, and then a sitting president involved large numbers of former intelligence officers or formers as well as a lot of current employees who did leaking. And they didn't just leak accurate information, they leaked in, in inaccurate, incorrect information on purpose. In other words, the lease were disinformation. So were they, this is a big deal. So what what what we wanna know is, you know, what in the world prompted this? you know, where and why is where, why, how, when did it, did it occur?


And what are the implications of it when we Leak? Can you gimme an example of the misinformation From the recent years? So one of the ones that that came out in, gosh, when was it, it was early, early. It was 2020. So there was a, there was a, there was a story that, that came out in the CBS and it was picked up by other, other news media that, that president then, then President Trump had been briefed by his daily briefers. As, as you know, the president's daily brief team normally briefs the president six days a week unless he's traveling or something of that sort.


The story was that the, the PDB team briefed Trump that there was this new virus coming from, from Asia and that it was gonna be very serious and the, and that it was a, you know, important issue. It was a warning issue, but he didn't do anything. And so now this is January, February of Niev, 2020 people were already dying in the United States, and the press reporting then said Trump's got blood in his hands. He didn't take this good intelligence warning and, and, and act therefore he's, he's complicit with deaths of, of Americans.


Hmm. Well, it turned out that was not true. It turned out within about three days, the head of the, the, the military element of the Defense Intelligence Agency that Fort Dietrich Maryland, the people who follow intelligence reports that that could affect troops deployed. So this, the, the commander there, a medical doctor, colonel went public and he said, no, this never happened. This, the, the we, we in the intelligence community did not brief the president on this. That was confirmed by the, by the, the Pentagon. and so now Bob Woodward get involved in this.


And it turns out according to Woodward, that in in fact what the, what the briefers had done was actually tell President Trump that the, that this new, the story about this new emerging virus from, from China was really not very significant at all. Don't worry about it. So here you had a dual disinformation operation. On the one hand Trump, Trump allegedly had blood on his hands that he should not have been blamed for. And secondly, the intelligence community claimed much better performance than it actually delivered.


So you have, you have a group of briefers who are intentionally dubbing down the effects of the virus. That's, That was the, the allegation in this one case, I don't my own, my own view is that the, and I think the, the record is, is is strong that the, the, the PDB briefers generally, and these go back to Kennedy administration, that these people generally have been pretty good, but something has happened. This is 2020 and it's Trump. So, so what had been a very really a fine organization, a fine effort suddenly changed.


So again, another, another question. Why in the world why and how did this, did this change in, in collective attitudes occur? On the other hand, you have a group of people who are leaking this in the complete opposite type of information to the press, basically saying that he knew about it, it was a big deal. Yeah. And he should have taken it more seriously. So you have two different leakers. Well, it's, it is not clear exactly who, who, who, who, the leakers Were two different types. So, so While you got multiple kinds, so you can have, you can have, you have a leak, you can have a leak of accurate information that's damaging.


You can have a, a leak of, of, of, of dis disinformation of, of this sort. You can have other kinds that provide different kinds of, of messaging. So for example, and again, a Trump won right after he was elected in 2016. So late November, December, the, the, the leak was that, that that, that Trump was refusing to take his, his daily briefings, which apparently was just simply not true. So the, the, the message there apparently purpose of the message there apparently was to say, well, this guy really doesn't care about intelligence.


He's, you know, what's, what, what in the world did the people do electing this guy? He's not, he, he doesn't really care, but it apparently it was just, it was just incorrect. Another way, another way, another way the leakers work is to talk with, with, with former intelligence officers, especially ones who keep their badges and can go into intelligence workspaces where, you know, you're free to talk pretty much whatever you want, classified or not, right? You're not leaking. And then these, and then these formers will go at and, and, and talk. So, so now you don't have to go to a journalist, you can go to a former and you can have the former talk for you.


Where is this misinformation orchestrated from? How high up does this go? Well, don don't think it's, or I don't think don don't think there's any evidence, there's no nothing that I've seen that this is done by the agency's proper. So this again is I think a point that I hope your, your, your, your, your viewers will, will, will get, I don't see any evidence that the director would call a meeting of all of his, you know, senior people and say, well, the on the agenda today is how to screw the American people. And they're not doing, they're not doing that. What, what has happened, what, or, or we're going to, you know, on the agenda today is how to manipulate the New York Times.


What, what, what has happened is that you had, you've had a, a change in the organizational cultures of the agencies themselves and then a accordingly also the former, right? The people who have been in this to the point where they think that they need to act against evil. That they, they, they, they know truth and they have a, they have a, a responsibility to society, to the country as a whole, to freedom, to democracy, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever. It may come to mind at the moment. And they have a, they have a mission, then to, to act, to, to, to do the right thing.


So this is coming from essentially rogue misinformation agents. This is an orchestrated from anywhere I think. I, yes. I don't see an a, a a an or a specific organization that is, or a specific entity of any sort, formal or not, that is specifically guiding the actions of these, of the, of these people. Again, it's kind of like the, the, the information operations we were talking about earlier. You've got a group of people who, in the Trump years didn't like Trump. The, the, the, the, the general view was, was, was a Trump was wrong, was wrong and evil in a number of specific ways.


and so then it was left to individual actors to try to, to go after individual bits of, of Trump's deficiencies as best they could. So they were, they were, they were collaborators, if you will, but not, not co-conspirators. Okay. Now, So I say the agencies themselves are not, are not culpable in the sense that they're planning this, but there is a government and an agency responsibility, I think in, in altering the organizational cultures. 'cause it's the organizational cultures that led to the changes that we've, that, that, that we've seen.


So, back up a little bit here. So you, you have, as you know from your, your, your government experience, different, different organizations have different ways of doing things. They have different organizational cultures. The FBI is different than the Navy's different than the Marine Corps is different than the State Department and so on. And in the intelligence world, some, some organizations have been thought of being generally more liberal or than, than others. you know, with, with state departments, bureau of Intelligence re and research being generally speaking on the political liberal side as opposed to leftist liberal, not leftist, CIA being close to that.


And then the military, the military services being more, being, being more conservative. Okay? So this has been around for, for a long time now, what happened in the, in the o the Obama years is, is that, is that Senator Obama in October of 2008, right before the 2008 election, said that he was, he was on the verge of winning the election and transforming the country. And, and pretty clearly soon thereafter, he made good on that, on that, on that, on that promise. And the way, the way he did it, in the words of John Brennan, who for four years was a close advisor to, to Obama in the White House and then became CIA director in, in Obama's last four years.


So Brennan says in his book that what Obama wanted to do was change the country in an, an evolutionary, not a revolutionary way. That's right. Out of, right out of Brennan's book. Okay. So, so what you see then consistent with that kind of view is that, is that early in the President Obama period, you began to see changes in, in policies related particularly to the federal workforce. My interpretation here is you're gonna change the country. One of the best ways to do that is to change the, the federal workforce. First is these are the people who make and enforce regulations and so on.


They do the kinds of things we were talking about Earl talking, talking about earlier. So by July of 2009, so Obama's in office for six months, you see policies promulgated at the OD and I levels. So od And I as the office of the director of National Intelligence to, to, to implement what we now call diversity, equity and inclusion policies. So D and I, director of National Intelligence, Dennis Blair, signed this. And at the same time, the then CIA director Leon Panetta issued a paper document, which I got a, I got ahold of at, at one point that said, we are, we are in the, we are going to, at CI we at CIA are going to increase the number of minorities at, at CIA from 24 to 30% by 2012.


Why? 'cause we want CIA to look like America, look like America. So this was, this was a, a political goal that, that was demographically oriented. So even more importantly than this, in 2011, in August of 2011, Obama issued an executive order, which, which applied to the entire federal government. And it pushed the hiring promotion and better assignments of, of people who he liked, basically privileged demographic groups per the Obama administration.


That would be minorities, women, L-G-B-T-Q people, and eventually people with disabilities. So that would, would not include people who were healthy, male, heterosexual, and of European origin, right? So, so Obama now is pushing this, in this 2011 executive order got teeth. So you're creating now diversity offices within the federal government. And these, these offices are told to make and implement and enforce to the policies consistent with the executive order within, within the, the agencies, agencies themselves.


And these in fact had teeth. So you've got now agency heads paying attention to what the president says who, who are giving authority to the diversity offices. And you're beginning to make changes in the way the agencies do business policy wise. You're having, you're having cultural changes in the, you know, in little ways John Brennan would wear where began to wear a a, a rainbow lanyard, you know, landard, you know, you recall what lanyards are in the intelligence business. So these are little chains or ropes or things of that sort around your neck that hold your, your, your identification documents, right?


So, so the lanyard now the thing around the neck was now a, a rainbow one, basically a a an appeal to the L-G-B-T-Q people at, at CIA small yes. But, but, but in indicative of a policy. And what, what, what what Brennan also did was, was, was make specific policy changes that that rewarded the hiring of more of hiring and promotion and awarding of, of, to, to women.


So you, you began to have, have, have a, a purposeful alteration in the demography of the, the, the, the, the intelligence workforce. So it's reached the point now where women who had been a relatively small share of CIA workforce in the fifties, sixties, seventies. Now, now a slight majority, majority, so slightly over 50%. Last time I last figures, I saw slightly more than 50% of CIA employees or women. But the hire, but the, the preferences continue. So Director Burns is, is still preferentially hiring, hiring women.


Okay? So, so what's the purpose of all this? The purpose here now is to, you know, again, change the demography, but also change the, the, the, the organizational cultures and clapper, Jim Clapper, who was a key part of the Obama team implementers within the, the, the, the ic, the intelligence community. So Clapper was the director of national intelligence, the DNI, 2010 to 2017. So most of the, most of the Obama period, and Brennan, the la as I say the last, the last four years, both of them made pretty clear that they wanted to change the organizational culture, one of different ways of looking, thinking about things.


And Brennan says in his book specifically, he, he, he, he, he was a, actually a career CIA officer, retired and then went to work for, for Obama, who then appointed him back at CIA. But Ren says in his, in his memoir, I didn't like CIA culture. And as I became more senior, I made a, I made a determined effort to change, to change this organizational culture, culture. And what he also did was say that he wanted people, employees, current employees, to be active in defending the progress, his term progress that he had made in DEI policies.


So you might think, gee, you know, this is an intelligence service. This has national security implications. It's, it's a, it's a part of the, the, the, the security establishment. Why are they worried about diversity policies? Well, because it turned out that this was what the president wanted. So they were in fact pushing this very, very, very hard. And, and, and Brennan said to to Wall Street Journal reporter who interviewed him a few days before he left office in January of 2017. You know, one of these usual, it's the end of your time in office, you know, what's your, what are your great accomplishments?


He said, well, it was, was the DEI policies, So I think, you know, in addition to specific statements like that, there's lots of, of other evidence that in fact, what what what was really driving these people in important ways was altering, altering the, the workforce, altering the workforce. This was particularly relevant in the, in the Obama years at CIA and the od, And I, the other agencies were, were slower in, in coming around, coming around to this so fast. So you're, you're, you've got made a major effort, eight year effort to change the, the, the way the workforce is, is going.


And you have done several things, two important ones. You've altered the de the demography of the, the workforce. You've hired, you've hired a lot of people who, who have both political or ideological, depending on the perspective interests here. They agree with you And. Secondly, you've got, you've got a number of people who are materially benefiting from DEI policies. So time is passing, it's 2000 14, 15, 16, you're into, you know, early 2016, mid 2016, all the polls are showing that Hillary Clinton is gonna be the next president.


That's wonderful because we all know she's going to continue the, the policies of President Obama. Alright, well, in the summer, summer of 2016, this upstart fellow from New York, Donald Trump looks like he might actually be a viable candidate. Not really, but you gotta you gotta be careful here. He might actually be a threat. A threat to what? A threat to DEI policies on ideological grounds. On material interest grounds. So in, in, in August of 2016, in fact, the 5th of August of 2016, you had the first of the big politicization episode.


So this is when Michael Morrell, who was then fairly recently retired as the deputy CIA director, wrote an op-ed piece in the New York Times, in which he said, roughly my intelligence experience tells me that Hillary Clinton will be a better president than Donald Trump. So what he did was violate the long standing norm of, of aversion of, of a version of, of former intelligence officers to partisan politics. And he made a claim that was factually incorrect on two grounds. One, he didn't, he didn't do domestic anything, right?


His, his intelligence career was entirely foreign oriented, not, not United States. And he also did not recommend policy to anybody, including, including recommendations on, on voting So. it was this event that triggered my question, whoa, you know, slap in the face, what in the world is what in the world is going on, going on here? So what happened then was that that opened the, that opened the, the, the floodgates and you began to have more formers. First, again, former intelligence officers known as formers. So, you know, so Mike Hayden very quickly was involved in, in this Hayden retired Air Force General, who had been the director at CIA for, for, for a while.


And at, at a national security agency as well. And then, and eventually there were several dozen, dozen of these people. And the leaks, the leaks started in, in the fall of 2016 and continued throughout the, the Trump presidency. And We keep talking about CIA, but this is, this eventually bled into all intelligence organizations. Yeah, yeah. So that's a, that's a good point. I think the, and I looked at this researching, re researching on the book. Where, where did this happen again? One of my three big, three big questions in the, in the early days, was it the OD And I?


And at CIA, what Was the D and I OD And I, the office of the Director of National Intelligence. So this is, this is the, the, the relatively small administrative organization that was directly controlled by Jim Clapper, the D and I. So, So for the audience, 'cause not everybody right, understands the structure here, the D And I is in charge of, he's an umbrella over all intelligence organizations, correct? Yeah. Yes. NSA, it falls under its C-I-A-D-I-A, right? Does FBI fall under that Only on only the counterintelligence part counter intelligence part of it. So to back up in here for background and yeah, good, good, good to to say this.


For, for a long time, the DCI, the director of Central Intelligence, supposedly was not just the director of CIA, but was the director of, of the whole community. Well, basically that didn't happen. No president ever gave the, the, the DCI that authority. And the agent, the other agencies said, yeah, who are you anyway, I work for my, you know, my secretary or the, my, you know, whoever it might be. So the, the, the 2004 Reform Act, that was a legacy of the, the nine 11 episode. So Congress finally did, you know, they, they, they do reform activities every once in a while, and they did it in 2004.


and so they created a new, new organization called, or new, a new entity called the DNI, the director of National Intelligence, who would have an administrative office working for him, or the OD and I, the office of the Director of National Intelligence, the OD And, I. And the D and I have largely coordinating responsibilities, lot of paperwork requirements levied from, from Congress and so on. And the, the, the d and I could issue some directives that had relatively little additional power. There was some additional power in, in terms of, of, of policies like DEI, diversity, equity and inclusion policies.


And there also were in the 2004 Reform Act, there were some other elements that would give the, the D and I a little bit, a little bit of authority to reprogram money, for example, which is important for bureaucrats. So, so the key, the two in this early period, the two organizations that were primarily affected were the OD And I, the organization that clap, or the D and I could specifically influence and CIA, which was, which was directly under John Brennan's purview. I looked at the other agencies and find relatively little, little effect at d at the Defense Intelligence Agency at, at, at, at, at some of the other big ones.


And, and, and nothing really at the mil in, in the mil in the military. So that now has changed. That now has changed a lot. So, yeah. So, so what happened? So you have an, an active period where the, the Obama activists o Obama generated activists are going after Trump in inexplicably, in my mind, president Trump did essentially nothing about this. He would, you know, tweet nasty things about John Brennan every once in a while, and he'd, you know, he'd kind of kinda snort and yell at and talk talk names every once in a while.


But in terms of specific administrative action to reverse these, the, the, the things that, that Obama had done, he, he did virtually nothing. So you get then to, to the, the fast forward here, and we're skipping a lot that I hope we'll come back to, but, you know, you get to 2021 and, and President Biden now is, you know, spent eight years in the Obama White House, and he's back, he's back in the, in, in the arena of, of diversity, equity, inclusion. But his major executive order on this, in June of 21, June of 2021, actually in, in my view, expanded the, the, the, the, the depth, the scope, the, the intrusiveness of, of this, this this DEI regime and added an A.


So now it's diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility, DEIA. And at this point, now we're seeing lots of evidence. FBI state departments, INR, the Bureau of Intelligence and Research, several other agencies, and then the military as well. That, that the, the, the, the, the DEI program is now seriously affecting agencies throughout the government, including the whole inte intelligence community. I Mean, the, the, the, the current DEI agenda has proven to be extremely effective. Do you honestly believe that the current POTUS is cognitively able to put this together, or is somebody else behind that?


Well, he, I mean, he, I I think he's bought into, into it and I, it's, he's got a, a whole staff of people who, who were, who have bought into this, they, I, you know, large numbers of people in the Biden White House were in the, in the, in the Obama White House. So he's, you know, he, he doesn't write his exec, his executive orders himself anyway. Does he? He's, no, he's, you know, he's got staff to, to do this. but I, I'm, I see no reason not to think that he has bought into this general agenda, even if he's not a Marxist himself. He is an old, old style retail politician, but he also, you know, finger to the wind, you know, you know, he knows which way the wind's blowing within the Democratic party, and it's, you know, it's heavily in the, it's heavily in the Obama direction.


So he's, he's going along with, with that program, It's, Again, don don't see, you know, there no, no, no internationalist conspiracy behind the, behind the throne. I mean, I don't, I don't have any doubt that, that Barack Obama still is influential in the White House, but, you know, that's not a, that's not a, you know, you know, a big international conspiracy. Yeah, I don't think so either. I, just, it's, it's, it's been very effective. Oh, yeah, So, it has More effective than anything we've seen.


Well, it, he's changed, you know, think back to the goal, you know, to, since October, 2008, I am going to transform the country, and he's been able, he, and then his, you know, his compatriots and his, his his white, his white house, and now what some people are calling the third Obama term, they're, they've been very effective from thinking about this from their perspective. They've been, they've been very effective. So if this started, so the, the Obama administration had an eight year run in implementing this throughout all of the intelligence community, right? What did the Trump administration do to combat this?


Nothing. Nothing. I can't think of a single thing. So are they compliant literally in the issue, or They just, I, I think, I think Donald Trump was just, you know, you, you know, the, the old term, he was AWOL on this. He was not paying attention. He wasn't getting a word. I, I have been told by at least one person who was, was, you know, knowledgeable on this sort of thing. He said that, you know, some, some knowledgeable people in the IC warned about not, not paying attention to this, and they were ignored. So, so Mr. Trump himself, key advisors in the White House and, and some senior people who Trump appointed didn't do anything.


So thinking about the two, the two big POS positions that, that I was talking about earlier, the d and I and the CIA director, so for a fair amount of time, his Trump's D and I was, was Dan Coates, who was a, who was a former senator from Indiana. Had, had spent time on the Senate Intelligence Committee, knew a fair amount about intelligence, but he told Bob Woodward in one of these interviews, he said, well, you know, it's a tough job here in, in this being the d And, I and I needed to, to, to focus on important things.


So, so again, if I remember the quote, the quote about right, he said, what I decided to do is be Mr. Outside quote, unquote Mr. Outside and I will worry about intelligence interactions with the White House, with the Congress and so on. and I will leave the internal running of the, the, the, the OD and I and then the, the IC as a whole to Mrs. Inside, quote unquote, who was Sue Gordon. Sue Gordon was a career CIA officer who was a compatriot of John Brennan, right?


So the Brennan policies continued internally at, within the OD and I. So Coates was not concerned about this at CIA. You had, you had first, first an outsider who was there for a year, and then what went to the State Department. And then for the last three, almost three years of the Trump Trump administration, you had Gina Hasell as the, the CIA director. Hasell was a, a career CIA operations officer. Well, the last person in the world, you, you, you, you would expect to do radical change on CIA as a career, CIA officer.


And she didn't, she didn't do anything to alter, to alter this. The diversity offices stayed. They moved down a level. So they were originally put in, so there's a big one, CIA level. Then there were some subordinate ones at the, for the directorates, the five directorates of CIA. And then I understand they were even moved down one level before that. So that would be the, the divisions within the director of operations and the analytic offices within the analysis directorate, for example. And HASELL issued a modification and update of what Brennan had done.


Remember I talked about a number of policies. There were specific things done as well as policy documents. Well, there were strategies implemented at OCI and at the OD and I. And, and Haskell updated the DEI strategy in ways that expanded the, the number of, of, of, of demographic groups who were favored. So she added people who were neuro people who identify as neurodiverse. So this is a new, this was in the, in the Trump years. So you're adding to the number of people you want to specifically provide benefits to.


So people who are newer neurodiverse would be people who have di dyslexia, for example. So you know, many of them, many of them, most of 'em are functional in a number of ways. But, but dyslexia, for example, is normally considered to be a bit of a disability, right? So, you know, you know, you'd prefer most people, and they would prefer not to be dyslexic. Dyslexic. If they had a, they had a choice, but this became a, a group that would be favored for hiring and promotion and and so on. To add to the other favored groups, has this become the number one priority of the intelligence community?


Sure. Looks like it to me. I mean, you know, you, you, you see, well, gee, you know, the, the at, at the least at the work, the traditional work level, I mean, you know, director Burns will say, well, you know, we really, we really need to focus on China and so on. And, and Hasell said, well, you know, we've been worried about counter-terrorism for, for nearly two decades now. So this was when 2019 roughly, we need to shift back to, to doing traditional espionage and other things related to great power competitions. Okay? So, so you're, yes, you're, you're focused externally on, on, on real work, but you're also really, really, really concerned about this, this, this, this issue of your, of your workforce, Getting the right kind of workforce, encouraging pandering, if you will, to specific favored demographic groups, identifying people as members of groups, not as individuals.


I don't care who you are as a human being, don don't want hear your background. I can look at you And, I can tell you were a part, you were, you were, you are male from, from, from European heritage. That's your identity. So that's what they're doing now. And that's, that's brand spanking new in terms of the, the, the traditional way in which the intelligence community worked, or the federal government worked. And it's right outta Marxism, right? So cultural Marxism, you don't care about people, you care about, about identities that are group in nature. Remember? So you're, you're not talking about capitalists and LA and workers anymore.


You're talking about different, different adversary groups within this, the the five social, the five social categories I was talking about. So this is what makes D-I-D-E-I policies right out of, right out of cultural Marxism. What could have the last administration done to combat this? I mean, it sounds like this goes Well. You, you get rid of, well, you, yeah, If they, if they, because if I, we talked about two different ways they're doing this, and you said from the top down or from the bottom up, basically. Correct. Right. And we are in a scenario where it went from the bottom up.


Well, this was, this was the traditional definitions of politicization. Okay, so what? and so, but They, they, they Arguably, arguably what's happened in the last few years is a, an another variety. I mean, they third variety mean, They, they completely restructured the entire workforce On Purpose to where the, the ground level, who was they hired ground level employees, you know, brand new employees, mass numbers. And now they're starting to advance right And advance and advance. They're into senior positions by now. The, the, the, the po immediate post 2000, post nine 11 group. Now they're, they're, they're, they're well into management.


So we have management, middle management, and workforce, right? All, All who Been all with similar mindsets. They've been, they've been, they've been selected from demographically and they have been acculturated through, through policies. and so they're, they are, they're, you now have large numbers of people who have bought this view. And again, they, they, they believe it on two grounds, one politically or ideologically. you know, I, I tend to think in this case, the, the two, the two terms are similar, but they're not identical, but call it political or political or ideological.


If you're a Marxist, then it's ideological. If it's, if, if you're thinking that DEI policies really are designed to help specific groups of people, then it be political. And then, and then another, another area is interest. So you have large numbers of people who are, are benefiting materially from this. They're, they're, they're getting pro differentially favorable promotions differ differentially, preferential awards. Differentially prevent preferential assignments. So ideational ideological interest on the one hand, material, interest on the other.


And they work together to say D-E-I-D-E-I-D-E-I-A. Now policies are really good. What does the A stand for? The A for accessibility? Accessibility. I mean, is this, is this a, is this a mission complete scenario? No I mean, if it's infiltrated every level we're talking Work workforce, because it hasn't all away. 'cause there's still pretty clearly some people who are, who haven't all away bought the program, Who hasn't what, what organization hasn't. Well, it's not organization, it's people within them. So So, I, you know, I talk with a number of people who are working in government now as well as a lot of, a lot of formers.


And the people who are still in government tell me pretty clearly they're keeping their heads down. The people who in government who don't like this, and there are some, they keep their heads down. So there's, they're saying, you know, I, it, it's now in the, in the Biden years, it's, it's reached the point now where DEI policies and Obama were, were, were mandates for management. Now in the Biden years at the a, you're now, you've now added DEI requirements to annual performance appraisals the old par, remember at c at CIA.


So, so your, your performance appraisal now at many of these agencies, if not all of them now, says you are an active participant in D-E-I-D-E-I. You're, you're, are you serious? I am absolutely serious. So, so, so you've still got, though I am told by people who are still there, you've still got people who are, who think this is really a bad idea for political reasons and also performance reasons. And maybe we can talk about how this affects, how this affects operational performance. But e every one of these people who I talk to is saying, I, I can't fight it.


There's, it's a utter losing situation to to, to fight it. So you do one of two things. You shut up and don't say anything, or in the words of another very senior guy who not happy with this. You, you choose your, your close friends carefully. So in other words, you make sure you're not talking to people who are part of the, the, the, the program. So what is this doing? I mean, this is dividing the workforce, isn't it? So this is one of many ways that the workforce is being divided.


There's actually, actually have been there purposeful divisions. So you're creating now within the government as a whole, including in the ic, you've got groups that have different names, but I'll use, use one of them employee resource groups. So these are, these are groups created within the organizations based on demographic characteristics. So you got the women's group, you've got the Latino group, you got the L-G-B-T-Q group, you've got the, you've got the, the Asian American group, there's a veterans group. There are about a dozen of these things. So the purpose of these ostensibly is to create safe spaces where people whose identity, demographic identity can be, can be, you know, supported and so on.


But in fact, what, what these clearly are, have become, are places in which grievances are, are identified and exacerbated. And again, if you think of this from a Marxian standpoint, absolutely standard stuff, cultural Marxism, you're generating divisions. The oppressor, the oppressor white male of European background is after you LGBT people or, or Latinos or whoever. and so you, you then can be here in a situation where you can defend yourselves against the oppressors. So the, the this, this kind of thing now is, is fully, fully embedded in the, in the, in the federal government.


What else do you see this as bled into outside of intelligence organizations? It's all through the government. That's, you know, I, I've talked about this several times and I'm just curious what your thoughts are and it's just a, it's, it's not fact. It's just what I think. And you know, we saw the, we saw law enforcement across the country broken up from the defund, the police movement. Right? Right. We, we saw they have demoralized police, they've broken them up. It started with the defund, the police movement.


Yeah. A lot of pe a lot of police officers are quitting or going someplace else. It's, It's, I mean, in some of these places, it's a ghost town now, right. And they can't, they, they can't recruit it fast enough. Then we saw, you know, the military, you know, it was the forced vaccinations that bled off into the law enforcement community as well. We're actually seeing it in the medical field now with, do you think, because I, especially with law enforcement, I think it, there was obviously, I mean, what you're saying, there's obviously an agenda to, to bring in a new guard.


Correct. and so to kind of speed that train up on some of these other aspects of government, like law enforcement, the military, do you think that possibly the defund the police movement and the forced vaccinations in the military and in medical field in, in a lot of fields, do you think that was more than just, we want everybody To, get vaccinated? Do you think that was more than just, you know, the defund the police movement that was, you know, was there another, was there a deeper agenda than what it appeared to be on the surface to amplify this To, get rid of the old guard, get them to quit and bring in the new guard with Yeah.


That mindset. Well, my view on this, and again, this, you know, this would be my, my judgment, your opinion, if you will, the, the, the defund police at the local level, right? So in Seattle and Portland, Oregon, a number of other places. So this is, this is the Marxian view. You want to, you want to eliminate police. So listen to Angela Davis, the Communist party, USA member or you know, retired professor at the University of California system. She was a vice presidential candidate of the C-P-U-S-A in 76 in 1980 C-P-U-S-A Communist Party.


Communist party of the USA. Yeah. So, so she, you know, her, she and the, and the, and the particularly, particularly black activists, given the amount, you know, number of black people who were in, in prisons, these people basically are saying we should eliminate prisons. So this is heavily coming from a, the communist party Marxist perspective. There's a big racial element to it. And it's got, it's, it's, it's got, you know, Soros money and and so on, on it. That's one thing in my mind. The, the, the vaccine's a different, different one.


and I, I have a different view than a number of people on that. My father was a medical doctor who was a, in the public health arena, he liked vaccinations because they helped keep people alive. and I got a number of vaccinations as a kid. And I spent time in India and happily never got, never got seriously. Ill And I think vaccinations were a good, are goodly part of that So I. See that as a, I'm not, I'm I just want to be clear. I'm not trying to, I'm not trying To, get your stance on vaccinations. I'm not trying to say vaccinations don't work. I'm not trying to say they do work. Are they part of a conspiracy? Okay.


So don, don't, I, my view Is, it probably the vaccine situation is different than defund police and, and the kind of program that we've just been talking about, going back to O Obama in 2008 long preceded the, the, the, the COD vaccination vaccination issue. I, I guess what I'm kind of trying to say is never get a good, never let a, you know, the old saying, never let a good crisis go to waste. Oh, yeah. and so, well, we've seen demoralization of military Yeah. In a long line of trends too. I mean, let's talk about, you know, there's been a trend.


D demoralize, the war fighter. We started trying people that were obviously innocent for war crimes. Eddie Gallagher's won. They, they, they pinned him for killing an ISIS fighter, which he did not kill. Yeah. you know, which demoralizes, right? The entire SEAL team, special operations community. Right. you know, and, and that's just one example. Yeah. So I, I, okay, So I, take your point. My, I would make a better, I would make a different, a different argument. So, you know, I know, I know the number of people who were, you know, let go from the military. I mean, there was some concern there. I think a bigger, a bigger issue in terms of demoralization and something that, that clearly had an ideological agenda to.


It was the stand down in, in early 2021 sec def Secretary of Defense Austin ordered to, to give training in and so on to everyone in the defense department, military and civilian, to try and keep them from being a radical right wing terrorists of the January 6th group and I think we know now, I mean, the Defense Department hired the, what was it? I guess it was IDA, the Institute for Defense Analysis said, do a, do a service.


So this is one of the federally funded research and development centers in the Washington area. These are not-for-profit, technically capable organizations that do research for the government, including a lot for the, for the, for the Defense department. So I, DA did a number of surveys and, you know, and looked at, looked at the defense department broadly, had access to the Defense department, said, Hey, do, do you have a, a, a right wing terrorist problem in the defense department? And they said, no, we don't. So they said, no, there's not, nothing, nothing special here outside of what might exist in the country as a whole.


Well, the, the report was issued, unclassified report was issued to the Defense Department, which sat on it for don't cor don't quote me on this, but it seems about a year before they finally released it. So, so you've got, you've got a, a pretty clear ideological agenda coming from the Pentagon now, all biden's, you know, Biden's executive suite at the, at the, at the Pentagon, where you're injecting politics into the, into the, directly into the management of the defense department. That I think is a serious problem.


I, for, to me, that's a much bigger deal than the vaccines. And I'm told, you know, this is wandering as wandering away from the intelligence community here. But I'm told by fellow, I've gotten to know reasonably well serving US army officer at the moment. He said that even, even, even even in the intelligence part of the army, that, that, that the partisan d domestic American politics are spoken openly on a regular basis and in, in business offices So it as part of the day-to-day business.


And it's, and it's very, very strongly pro pro Biden. So this, and as you recall from both your intelligence and military perspectives, in the old days, that was absolutely forbidden. You just didn't do that. Yeah, that's, it's, it's, it's common now. And in fact it's common in the, at CIA too and at the OD and I and I s I suspect probably, I've got reports from both of those places. And I suspect it's common elsewhere too. So the old prohibition against partisan talk in the office is gone. Just doesn't exist anymore.


It's part of the cultural transformation. So my 12 years at CIA by comparison, in the 19, basically a decade of the 1980s, that was when the old norms held. And we were told in no uncertain terms, gee, we understand you're reasonably bright people, everybody here, you're educated, you've got political views, but you will leave them at home. and so in my 12 years, I knew the personal political views of a grand total of one of my colleagues. And this was a fellow who I got to be very good friends with. And we talked politics on the weekend, not at work.


Yeah. And that, that, that, that is just utterly gone. Now, John, let's take a quick break. When we come back, maybe we can talk a little bit about how we start to reverse this, if that's even possible. Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through, and we really appreciate the support. Thank, you, let's get back to the show, our All. right? John, we're back from the break.


We're getting ready to cover, how do we fix this? What can we do? But before we do, I missed a couple of points, and one of them being, how did the press get involved, So, I'd like to, I'd like to talk to, how did the press kind of amplify what's going on here? Okay, that's an important point and an and an unusual one. So has, you know, historically the press has done what the press supposed to do. you know, take a look at intelligence issues, ask questions, and press generally speaking has been critical of us, us intelligence operations. But in the, in the, the Trump years, there was a, a highly unusual three-part, actually alliance between the activists formers in particular, along with the leakers with the press, and then also also to the, the, the House Intelligence committee, which also had re oversight responsibilities, of course.


So the nature, the nature of the issue with the press was that, that the, the press saw a, this is the mainstream press. So here we're talking New York Times, Washington Post National Public Radio, plenty of other newspapers, N-B-C-C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C, that group. So that, that part of the mainstream left of center press. So we're not talking Fox here, we're not talking Wall Street Journal, although the Wall Street Journal used leak, leakers leakers here too. But the, the, this, you know, the mainstream liberal press saw allies in the farmers and they, they amplified the messages that the farmers were giving to them.


And they helped create a situation in which the farmers had credibility to talk about all kinds of things, domestic politics, things that were really outside of their normal bailiwick. Why? Because these people were seen as being credible, were seen as being reasonable and objective critic critics of, of Donald Trump. So in essence, you had a, an alliance formed between these people. And one of the key, the key things that the press did was again, amplify the credibility of intelligence officers, former intelligence officers. So you should listen to these people because they were in, they were, they were in intelligence.


And man, You know, I mean, it's, you would think, how do you, you would think that just that the press wouldn't have to amplify, you know, the credibility of an intelligence officer. Well, you would, but again, they were in, in political alliance, So, it Was to I understand that. And now, now, now they've lost all, I, I can't say all credibility, but I mean, we're gonna get a bunch of comments on the show because we're both former agency. So many people no longer trust any, any government, any government entity, let alone intelligence agencies.


you know, and it's, Yes. And the polling results are showing that, you know, how do, how do You, we'll, we'll get into how you rebuild that trust. but I mean, it's, it's broken. Yeah. But the, the point here, I think between, again, the mainstream press and the, and the, and the alliance was that this was a, a, a, a temporary alliance of convenience to go after one person, Donald Trump. But again, there was a, a, again, even, even more unusual was the, was the, the hipsy, the, the House Intelligence Committee doings where, where Representative Schiff, Adam Schiff, the, the chairman of the, of the committee was actively involved here too.


So he was involved in supporting and encouraging through a staffer, the whistleblower who led to Trump's first impeachment in, in 2019. And we've just learned recently, that would be in, in what? April of 2024, that National Public Radio had Adam Schiff on about 25 times, getting his take on, on issues including Trump. and so then that this was a way then for, for the, for for Schiff to, to, to provide to NPRA major, a major critic of, of Trump.


What, what his view, what the Democratic party's view was. and so that this was then, then, then, then, then, then amplified. So So, it was a huge three part alliance working together, not in any, you know, not, not, not conspired and not a conspiracy of somebody else, but rather these groups were seeing mutual advantage. So the, the press I would argue took advantage of the, the intelligence officers To, get at a politician they didn't like, and intelligence officers opposed to, Trump used the press because the press then gave them more venues to go after Trump.


So they had airtime on the, on the, on the, the partisan networks. They had ample opportunity to write op-eds in the Washington Post and the New York Times. So the three So, it was mutually advant, mutually advantageous. So the three components are intelligence agencies press, and former No I would argue, I would argue the three, the three key points were, were former with a little bit of help from the, from the, the, the serving people doing leaking, the, the, the mainstream press and the house Intelligence committee, Okay.


In the form of Adam Schiff. Okay. And as you recall, Adam Schiff was, was was Speaker Pelosi's manager on this, on Trump's first trial in the, in the Senate. So, which, which I think was a horrible decision. So here you have the, the chair of the, of the House intelligence committee, supposedly, supposedly as apolitical as the house can possibly be. And yet he was charged with running the prosecution against Donald Trump. I think it was a serious mistake on her part. So, huge alliance here. This is, you know, largely the, the house part is gone.


You have a situation in which a lot of the, the farmers who were active during this, you know, the, the, the four, four and a half years of the Trump period, and a lot of them are getting, either getting old or have been, been rendered largely Uncredible. And I'll talk, I'll talk about Michael Morrell in the case, in the case of the laptop 51. But Mike Hayden, you know, has been accused of trying, of, of advocating the assassination of Senator Turbo Turbeville, for example. I mean, a lot of these people have, have shot their, shot their credibility, but there are plenty more where they came, where they came from.


So an open question is who's gonna replace them? Do you think that they are appointed or does this just Work out? Oh, no, no, no, this is volunteer and this is, you know, this is a, a, a minor, this is a, you know, a a community of people who have similar interests. I guess what I'm saying is, is for the conspiracy types, is this all orchestrated from somebody way up? No, No, I wouldn't or Is. it just Is it just happening to work out this way. I, I think, think all the pieces are in place, but nobody's really controlling, people are just falling. Yeah, because you've got, you've got some general political trends. So, I mean this issue of conspiracy came up actually more than once with the formers, right?


Because you could talk to them and you, you know, you knew who used to be in intelligence and is now talking on, on CNN, right? So you ask and say, well, you know, are you guys in cahoots? And you know, a couple of 'em said, well, no, of course not. We just, we just come from the same, the same place in the world. We just have similar kinds of views. And, but they can actually collaborate in some important respects. So as I mentioned, some of some of 'em talk to former intelligence people in government spaces. So people like John Brennan, people like John McLaughlin, former, former deputy director of Central Intelligence and so on, these people retain clearances and retain green badges.


So, so this is a, this is a, you know, inside the beltway term, the green badge is a, is a, is a badge. That means that you've got, you've got all the security clearances, but you're a, a contractor, you're an advisory sort as opposed to a a as opposed to a, a federal employee who gets a check every two weeks. But the Green Badgers can go into a federal building, an intelligence community building anywhere, basically anywhere, anytime they want. So they can sit down with, with, with currently serving intelligence officers and talk intelligence staff. So, so a leaker can talk with a John Brennan or a McLaughlin or some other in a government space knowing that the information is gonna get out.


But since they're talking to a cleared person in a government space, they can rationalize that they're not leaking at All, right? So this is a neat little arrangement that, that, that the, the ongoing clearances arrangement has. Interesting. Let's move into the laptop. Okay, so the laptop, what I call a laptop 51 case was, was a situation in which two prominent former intelligence officer, so Michael Morrell, who I mentioned, and Mark Opolis, who was a senior operations officer, were apparently approached by a Biden campaign officer who said, in this case, Anthony Blinken, now the secretary def Secretary of State.


So according to Morale's testimony to the House Judiciary Committee in the spring of 2023, that's what I'm about to, you know, tell you, Blinken said, we need help, intelligence help. Remember, remember the press had built, built up the, the credibility of intelligence officers. These people know everything about everything and can be, can be believed, you know, from your, in your heart of hearts. So these people now have credibility. Blinken says, we need help, we need help with this problem. The problem was that, that that Hunter Biden, the president's son, or pre the presidential candidate's son, at that point, his laptop computer had been left at a repair shop.


The, the, the repair owner set it to the FBI, the FBI verified that the files on the computer were actually hunters. And the files gave credible support to a hypothesis at least, that both Hunter and his father Joe were corrupt in terms of taking money, basically influence peddling with Ukraine, with China, and maybe some other countries All, right? So the campaign now says this, this is a potential October surprise, a killer.


We cannot have this come out and damage the, the, the purported integrity of, of candidate candidate Joe Biden. So Lincoln says, we need intelligence help, we need, we need to deflect this, this story in a way that would exonerate the president and not damage his, his his re his election prospects. Okay? So Morale and Paul Opolis write up a short little letter that says this, this laptop story has all the hallmarks, all the hallmarks of Russian disinformation.


So as we talked earlier on, the Russians have done all sorts of disinformation kinds of things, including forgeries and so on. So, so you're using the credibility that these people had been, had built up over time, courtesy of the press to say, it looks like this might be a Russian operation, have nothing to do with, with Hunter, nothing to do with Joe. Okay? So the, they were very careful in writing this. You, if you examine this letter and it's online, it's, you know, anybody, anybody can find it. It does not say explicitly that this was Russian dis disinformation. It says, it sort of looks like it is all the hallmarks.


Okay? So they knew very well that that was, you know, not the point of this letter. They knew the point of the letter was to help Joe Biden. In Your opinion, did it have all the hallmark hallmarks of Russian disinformation? Probably, well, I mean, it's conceivable, but it, but it's not likely. I mean, the, the, I mean, we know that there are, you know, we know, we know the Russians do cyber, cyber operation, but we also know now, not at the time, but we know now that the FBI had already checked the computer and it already determined that this surely did look like real, you know, their, their fen their, their cyber forensic PE people had already determined that this was legitimate Hunter Biden material.


And that's not been challenged at this point. So you're trying to mis mislead voters using int credentials as a rationale for it, knowing full well that the Russians were not behind it. Okay, so, so they, the, these two go to number of former intelligence officers and ask for their signatures on this, this open letter. So among the backup, a step among the many things that the press had done over the previous four years had been to publish a series of open letters, open letters.


They usually were published in Politico, a a politically oriented newspaper and based in Washington. And then were spread to the other, to the other main mainline press organizations. And that's the way it worked, worked this time here too. So you get, you get this short letter, it sorta looks like the Russians were in, you get 50 51 former intelligence officers to, to sign it. You look at that list, a lot of senior people there were like half a dozen, five, I think former CIA officials, a lot of very senior people. So this is a credible group of people, right?


You're a voter, gee whiz, these really sharp people are saying it looks like Russians, So, I. Hey, I'm not gonna worry about, about, about Joe Biden. Okay, so how do we, you know, how do we know that this was, this was, you know, a basically a sham, basically this was a political operation. It was an information operation by Morrell and Paula Opolis, well, Mor Morrell told the House judiciary committee that, and I can tell you, not commonly published thus far anyway, that one of the, one of the people who was approached told me that the pitch received specifically was, we want your signature to help Joe Biden not, not for your intelligence expertise, Man.


So, so the pitch, the pitch was explicitly political. Okay? So now morale has had his credibility shot, I think pretty clearly. He's now out of the partisan limelight, at least for the moment. He does, he does have his own podcast, which, which is credible, and he's staying out of partisan politics. So, so So I have no, no, no grievance against what he's doing on a day-to-day basis here in, in in 2024. But, but he was, he was the epitome. This, this i, this I think was an epitome. Now, well-documented of what was wrong with, with, with, with political activism by, by former intelligence officers.


Once again, lemme lemme say What he's doing today is credible. Pardon me? Did You say what he's doing today is Credible in the sense that he's doing credible podcasts, he's doing things well, he's doing things about, about and about intelligence that are not, not, not domestically partisan in nature. Do you think he's building that to Well, he might object his facts. He might, my guess is he's still got a number of years to live. He, he hopes he's trying to, trying to, to, to do something that's, that's, that's, that's, you know, that's reasonable and is within his, his area of expertise. and I guarantee you And that, that if, that, if he begins to be partisan again, then there are people who will go after him.


So he probably knows that at this point. And it's not just me. I mean, there'll be others, there'll be others who, who, who do that. So he is one of, again, you know, Hayden talking about, you know, tuber v's. Death and so on. I mean, there are a lot of people who just really shot themselves in the proverbial foot. John Brennan wrote tweets that are just outrageous and I think his credibility is pretty, pretty minimal too. So So I, I expect there will be resurgence, but some of the, some of the 2016, 2021, people will not because they're tired, old and damaged goods. What about Mark Do Have tabs on him?


I do. He he is on, he's on Twitter x and I. I, I follow him every once in a while. He wrote one, one slightly, slightly partisan thing several months ago. but I haven't seen anything. I haven't seen anything recently, man, you know, so the, the issue from my standpoint, and I think this is a key, a key point, and thinking back to the definition of politicization from the, from the beginning, it's, it's intelligence officers injecting or using intelligence in a partisan way. So a core problem, and this is what Morell started, was using his intelligence background to rationalize a partisan political view.


And that is, again, historically abnormal from a nor normative standpoint. And it's also dysfunctional. So if you have, you have, you know, have people who have partisan views, but keep them to themselves, that's fine if they talk publicly, but they talk about things that are not related to partisan politics, that's okay too, Man. But once you spread purposeful disinformation to influence an election, how could you ever be trusted again? Well, Exactly. Ever. So, so that's, that's why I think he's, he's, he's staying within an area in which he's established a little bit of credibility, but I think he, I think Morell is wise to not to venture again into, you know, what he started, Brennan has stayed very quiet too, you know, he's, he, he's, you know, just not, not on Twitter, not on Twitter acts anymore.


He was a, an active participant for a long time. He says in his memoir, it's kind of funny, he says, wow, you know, I really didn't want To get onto Twitter, but, but Trump made me do it 'cause I, Trump made me do it because I couldn't, I couldn't leave, leave the Twitter sphere to Trump. I had to respond to him. So it's all Trump's fault. So, so, so you regret it, but then that's why, that's why, that's why I did it. But at least for the moment. And he, he also says it in his memoir that he had some real issues with personal discipline. That, but at least for the moment, he's been, been quiet on this front. Will he stay? We'll see, we'll see. but I, my guess is that if he, if he comes back, there'll be a number of people who will remind the, the citizenry about some of the outrageous things that he said during the Trump years.


How Is this kind of stuff affecting operations within the intelligence world? Okay, so this is a, this is a, an important issue, right? As intelligence, as, as you well know, is part of the national security establishment. You want your intelligence people to perform well. They help, they help senior people make better decisions if intelligence works, right? And they help keep the, the country secure. Okay? So how does this, how does this affect, again, going back to, to Obama years, my, my assertion that the, you know, the real change occurred, occurred at that point in the beginning of the Obama DEI policies.


The, the, the rationale was that DEI policies, they began changed hiring, promotion, award assignments, basis. So these, at least in these four areas, the PO and they, they were done on a policy basis that these were ethically good. That this was, this was a morally good thing to do to help disadvantaged people and so on. So the, the initial argument was, was ethical in nature, it was, it was political. Okay. Fair enough. We could, people could agree or disagree on that. In roughly 2012, 13 period, people began to say, you know, these preferences are causing operational problems when you're hiring favored demographic groups, but not qualified white men, and it's causing demographic problem.


So these are mainly accusations, but about that same time, So I, call it 2013, call it the beg, roughly the beginning of Obama's second term, Jim Clapper, the DNI mainly, but then also Brennan to some degree too, began to add another claim. And that claim was that DEI policies improve the operational performance of the intelligence community. So I've been in the, you know, as you introduced me earlier on, been in the academic world and studying intelligence and teaching on it and so on. So I kinda scratched my head and said, gee, if this is the case, then where's the evidence?


Lemme see some evidence. So I began to look at this and, and uncharacteristically for the intelligence business, whereas, you know, assertions assessments are supposed to be backed by evidence, right? Well, there wasn't any So I. I wrote a, a eventually a, a a paper that was published in December of 2021 that said, I cannot find any evidence to support that claim, that claim that DEI improves the performance. So my, my project here was to assess the claim as opposed to looking at the, the bigger picture of whether DEI affects performance in any other ways.


Okay? So I got a lot of reaction from this. So the, the, the DEI proponents of course didn't like it. It was not politically, politically correct, and I actually had four, four representatives of the OD and I complain about that article to my journal editor basically threatening him. Kind of interesting what kind of threat you're threatening in the sense that you're, you're, we are gonna consider your journal not to be a reputable intelligence journal anymore. So, it would n not tangible threats, not tangible threats in terms of money or physical violence or anything of that sort. But they were, they were, it was imp implied. So the, my, the editor told me this, okay, So I also got a lot of responses from people who said, yeah, you're right, it's not helping out.


And, and the point you made at the end of this, which was that, gee, which ought to look at the alternative, which is the claim that the DEI policies are damaging the performance of intelligence. So a lot of people got in touch with me, several dozen got in touch with me and, and said, you should do this next project, and let me tell you some of these problems, So I now have a significant body of, of, of evidence on this, on this score. And I will be writing up what I have within the next, the next couple of months. And my expectation at this point is that the, the, the argument is gonna be that the, the DEID substantially damages operational performance.


So I'm still working on it. So I'll, you know, probably perhaps, you know, leave off, you know, some of the, some of the details here, but it at, at it ramp these run from budgetary issues to hiring issues to performance in the field issues. and I haven't found any, any anecdotes or anything that says that DEI does a good, a good job. So if I could put a little plug, plug out to the, to the world here, I, I never, I make a point of never asking serving intelligence officers questions like this. But I will take, I will take information they give me if they, if they offer it, And, I do ask former intelligence people if they've got anecdotes to, to give.


So if, if, if any of your folks have any, any evidence of relevance to me, please get in touch with me. And I'm not just looking for negative evidence. What I want to do is, is be methodologically objective here. So I'm looking for evidence related to whether DEI affects operational performance. So if you've got evidence that DEI improves performance, I'd like to have it, where would they get in touch with you at? Well, my, my, my email address, the email, current email address, it's still at Georgetown. I'm in the process of getting canceled out, I think there, but JG four eleven@georgetown.edu Something tells me you're gonna get a lot of mail.


But, and I hope you do. So anyway, that will come out with that. And my guess is that the evidence that I get will probably not change dramatically. So I suspect that this will be another con another controversial article. Yeah, I would, So I'll pa I'll send it to you when it comes out. Thank you, Thank you moving into 2024, you know, we're about halfway done. We got an election this year. What, what are we gonna see? Okay, my, my expectation write it in the book, but, you know, said it said it in other, in other 4 0 2 to and I think actually I feel more strongly now than I did when I finished, when I put that, put that that to bed, my guess is that we will see a significant significant resumption of the political activity in in 2024.


So why do I say that? The, the, the motives that I mentioned are, are as strong or stronger. So you recall, I mentioned two, two basic motives, political, ideological, and then an interest, interest based ones. There are a lot of people who, who benefit from DEI policies who will not want to see them reversed. Well, if, if Trump is a viable candidate and at, at this, at this stage of game, the poll polls are showing that he's, he's gonna be competitive. If at, if, if in fact he becomes the, the Republican nominee in July of 2024, my guess is that we'll begin to see leaks and leaks and, and, and, and, and a new generation of, of, of, of, of activism.


So, and as I said, the, the activism started in 2016 because people worried about what Trump might do. And then of course he turned out to be, to be not much of a tangible threat at all. Well, it's pretty clear now that the, that some of the advisors of, of, of the Trump campaign are well aware of, of, of President Trump's deficiencies in, in, and, and I mean I use that, that's not a, not a term that I think is not being used. Right. So, so he was, you know, again, again, not not really paying attention in the, in the management of the personnel of the federal government people, people who are close to him, I'm told are, well, now well aware of that.


They're talking about that publicly. So I'm not, this is not all inside information, although I know a little bit that's not public, but clearly it's public statements are the, the, the, the campaign recognizes that there were deficiencies here. So the, so the activists, or excuse me, the former activists, the people who were worried that there might be a reversal who worried in 2016, there might be a, a reversal, have more reason to be concerned this year because, because some of, of, of Trump's advisors have made it pretty clear they're going to, they're gonna change things if they, if they have a chance. So my guess is new generation of, of farmers, largely maybe some of the old timers, but the leakers will come back.


So we had a big in big surge in leaks in 2016, 21. None of 'em were, were caught or, and publicly punished to my, none of them were, were, were, were caught. there was a, within the, within the main part of the, the ic, the one person, certainly not at CIA A and od And, I, the two, the two activist groups in, you know, in the first, in the first Trump years, there was one, one young woman who was, who was arrested and, and, and punished a, a, a contract employee, former Air Force linguist at the National Security Agency at their Georgia facility by the name of reality winner, who was then 25 years old, who to, who brought some documents out of NSA that she thought were relevant to the, the Russia, the ru you know, Russia is using, using Donald Trump as an asset issue, which was a, you know, a big one in the early part of the, in fact not just the early but later, you know, all the way through the, the, the, the, the, the Trump years.


So she brought some documents out, sent them to, sent them to we news, news site that news site got these documents, sent them to, sent them to the f, sent 'em to NSA and said, are these real reality winner was arrested shortly thereafter, answering the question. So, so here was a, here was a, an intelligence officer who used not very good trade craft So. it turned out that, that she copied, apparently she copied, copied these documents on machines at the office and the office left, left some identifying mark, the machine, left some identifying Mark So.


it was easy to figure out who, who, who she was. So anyway, she was the one who, who was was caught. She got five years and three months for violating the espionage act. Nobody at ci, nobody at the od And I were, were caught. Wow. Or punishment, nobody. So my, one of, one of the things I think what I would like to see us do in the leak department is, is, is encourage FBI justice and whoever else may be involved in here to be thinking about disinformation leaks as not only national security issue, espionage act issues, but also hatch act issues. So for some of your viewers, the Hatch Act of 1939 prohibits federal employees from engaging in partisan political activities.


So when you're doing, when you're doing leaks that are really disinformation and you're doing them for partisan political reasons, that's, that, that it seems to me becomes hatch act material. Don don't know how you reverse this. I mean, if, if what you're saying is true in these organizations from the bottom up have been infiltrated, where do you even begin? Well, It's, well, it's a good question.


I mean, you know, we've got, you know, how do you reverse a century worth of, you know, of, of Soviet Marxist propaganda? Well, it's a long, you know, long haul, long, long process. So it's now embedded, you know, this kind of activism is embedded in the culture. So it's not just, not just the, the perspective ideology and, and you know, material interest, but also there is a, and especially in younger people who've come from universities where, where, where the Marxian tradition is, is, is strong. You've got a culture that says it's, hey, it's okay. It's, it's appropriate to be activists. Think about Ed Snowden for example.


you know, I have a moral au moral authority to, to release classified information because I think it's, it's in the pub, you know, it's in the public public interest. So you have, you have a lot of things moving in the direction of continued politicization. I think it can be addressed, but again, slowly, so among the things you would need to do would be to, would be to, would be to put in some strong leaders who, who are bound to determine to reverse this to the extent they can. So, you know, there's leadership from, from the top. So you change policies, but even, even before that, you, you, you, you, you rescind the executive orders that are causing the big problems.


So the, the huge one at the moment is, is is Biden's June of 2021 executive order that absolutely needs to, to go, you need To, get rid of all the DEI offices, the diversity offices and the agencies, because these have become, in essence ideological orthodoxy creating, and ideologically I ideological orthodoxy enforcement organizations. So they are now en enforcing the DEI agenda managers who don't, don't tow the line or punished.


So among the, among the bits of information that I've, you know, I've received Is it Is it at, at some, some agencies. Now basically what's happening is that people from some of the privileged demographic groups that get counseled by managers, and you know, most of us who've ever been workers know that, you know, you get counseled by bosses and one of your jobs is sometimes to counsel other people constructively to what's happening is that people who think that they should not have been counseled are going to the DEI offices. The DEI offices, the diversity offices are in some cases overruling line managers and are firing managers for doing this.


So, in essence, what's happening, in some cases, So I have anecdotes here and there, not a, not the big picture. What's happening in some cases is that the diversity offices are acting the way communist party Commissars did in the old, the old Soviet Union, the way party party elements do in communist and Chinese businesses, for example. So line managers work normally most of the time, but if something gets out of line from a, from a, from a, an ideological orthodoxy standpoint, the diversity office will we'll step in and make a correction.


So those need To get go, just go. Yeah, yeah. What I just don't know how you establish credibility again, without completely restructuring the entire Intelligence. Well, you can, I mean, you know, major changes is, is not, not a bad idea. But, but I mean one of the, the, the, the sort of standard and, you know, simple, you know, sounds good, it's easy and, but it's too simplistic is, you know, defund, defund the FBI defund the CIA, you know, start all over again and so on. Well, you know, maybe, but, but I mean, that's, that's a major step.


Both of these are important organizations and they, they, we need the country. If the country's are gonna be coherent and safe, it needs these organizations to perform well. So my, my thought is at this point anyway, and I'll, you know, keep, keep assessing it and maybe, maybe reevaluate at some point. but I think, I think trying to, to reform is the way to go at the moment. There are some things you can do that, that, that would be in addition to this. And, and let me get just to mention a couple of them. These would be smaller, but, but I think are, are viable and actually are, are, are administratively relatively, relatively easy to do.


So first, if a president says to agencies, I don't like what you're doing, you're, you're giving me bunk. I know you're, I know some of this stuff is not right. I know there's a, there's a, there's a political motive behind it. I'm gonna cut, cut your funding so that the OD and I has an, the pre, the d and I, the director of national Intelligence has a little bit of money reprogramming authority. So you tell your, you tell your d And I, you the president, you tell a d And, I want you to cut that agency's money for not doing a good job. As, as I, as I define it.


So a second thing you could do, this is administrative. Second thing you could do is reissue executive order 1, 2, 3, 3, 3, which as you, you recall is the order that initially was issued by, by President Reagan in 1981, which, which gives the, the, or the, the responsibilities for the, for the, for the agencies of the ic. It is absolutely dreadfully boring reading. If you wanna, you've got a, you got a yeah, an insomnia problem. Got, you know, go read, go read executive order, 1, 2, 3, 3, 3. It'll, it'll help, it'll help you. But, and this is online actually, so you can, you can read it, but you, so, but that this has been mod been re reissued a couple of times.


So you can modify at the executive order level. You modify missions. So if you've got a, an agency that is a problem, take missions away from 'em, give the missions to somebody else that will get money and missions, we'll get the, get the attention of bureaucrats. And a third one that would particularly affect CIA because even, even though the 2000 reform act that I mentioned moved the production of the president's daily brief from CIA to the, the OD and I, CIA people are still mainly responsible for doing it public, public information is that most of the articles now are still still written by CIA people.


So if you, you have ongoing PDB problems of the sort that I mentioned on the, the Covid story, then what you, what you might do is say, okay, I see you're out of the PDB business. We're moving the production of the president's daily brief to the White House. So you give us the, you give us royal reports and we'll establish a small organization within the White House to prov to make the briefings for the president. So that's a major slap in the face at the, at the OD and I and at and again, at c at CIA too.


So that would get their, that would get their intention. So come back. What's the, what's the, what are the risks there? Well, I suppose there are some risks. President Nixon actually proposed this for a time, and it, and it, and it sort of occurred during the, during his second, second term for a while, Henry Kissinger was the, the fellow who ran it. But, but there really has not been a danger of, of politicizing this kind of activity as done in two other countries. So the, the British, the Joint Intelligence Committee and the, and the, the new Australian OD and I equivalent do this, they get information from the, the various agencies and then, and then distill it within the, within the executive office of the prime minister.


And, and in their case, and by, by all of the accounts that I've seen, this has worked well and there haven't been politicization problem. But in this case, you could, you could help, help eliminate the, the, not eliminate, you could not eliminate, but reduce presidential concern that there is a, is a bias within the, within the, within the intelligence business. And this is not a, not a, not a a, you know, a made up concern. I mean, you know, clearly there, there's a certain sort of atmospheric concern here, but we know, we know that there are at least some, some cases in which ongoing intelligence products have been, have been tailored.


And, and I would encourage interested, interested viewers to look up online a letter that was written by the analytic ombudsman of the OD and I in January of 21, which was a letter in response to a, a query from the Senate Intelligence Committee. And in this letter, the incumbent at the time, Barry Zoff writes about two episodes in, in limited detail, of course, but, but, but, but, but makes the point clear. Two, two episodes.


In one case, China analysts were accused of withholding relevant information from the White House because allegedly the China analyst did not want to give President Trump information that they thought would facilitate Trump's policies. So that's classic politicization. Yeah. And the second, the second one, different part of the, of the ic, and there were allegations, different time that this was from Russia house is, this was the Russia, Russia operation at C-I-C-I-A, again, relatively sketchy public information on this. But the story in the letter was that Russia, Russia and analysts kept pushing Trump as a, a dupe of Putin long after Trump had made it clear he wasn't interested in, in, in hearing that.


So basically they were pushing a story at, at a president just to annoy him. So is the mess is the, that's my version of, of the longer ex ex explanation there. So to the extent that, that this kind of thing is being reported a little bit, I think we have reason to think that it's probably occurring a little bit more. Yeah, Yeah. What about, what about citizens? Okay, What can they Do? So what can citizens do? I think the best thing, I mean for citizens to do, people who are looking at the press, looking at, looking at at other podcasts and so on, is, is to, is to try to understand a little bit more about the intelligence business.


Intelligence is a, is a hard thing to understand. There is, there is some reading about it. I've contributed a little bit, a number of other people have done some, some good work here too. But learn more about the history, learn about the motives, learn about some of the techniques. We've talked about disinformation, we've talked about press, press, intelligence, people connections. We haven't talked too much about the fact that the, the, the, the, the former lied on occasion about the proper role of, of, of intelligence. So if you learn more about, about what the intelligence business is about, you can, you can better understand when you're being filled fed a a bill of goods, be skeptical of, of alliances between the, between the press and intelligence officers.


That should not be the case. Should not be the case. Is this easy? No, it's not. I mean, and you know, as we were talking earlier, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the sophisticated methods here are really substantial. So the, you know, it's, it's very hard to be, to be, you know, fully confident that you're, you've got good defenses against disinformation of this sort. But if you're aware that you're being attacked from an information standpoint and you're a little bit more skeptical, that can help, Man. It's just, I know you're right.


But it, you know, the problem for citizens is the time, you know, I mean, yeah, it, it's, it's So I. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not Getting through the workday trying to keep up on everything that's going on in the world and in the country trying to, to figure out, I mean, yeah. you know what I mean? It's, it's, it's more homework and it's, it's, it's gonna be hard. I mean, it's, it's, Well, it Is it is hard. It, it's also a responsibility of citizenship. And again, I I'm not confident that I can, can defend myself against all of this. So I'm not suggesting that the perfection is the goal here.


You can learn a little bit more, you can be a little bit more, a little bit more defensively oriented and every little bit, every little bit helps. But one thing you can do, I think be easier. And that's to, to keep an eye out for, for, for, for clear coercion, coercion, collaboration between intelligence officers in the press. And if you see that, then then be skeptical of, of, of what's coming out of it. So when you say that, are you basically, are you saying, are you calling out contributors, you know, former analyst on X, y and Z news channel?


That's what we should be skeptical of. Well, if it depends on the, depends on the issue you're coming. So, so what people have done over the years, many years going back a long time is talk, talk analytically and talk professionally. And that is fine. The, the issue, the, the problem is when the press gets people, like again, John Brennan clapper, Hayden Morrell and so on, and they are in essence pushing a partisan perspective. So what I have tried very hard to do is in, in our discussion is be analytical.


So I've not not made a point of saying that any one presidential candidate is good, bad, or indifferent, have I don don't think. And that's on purpose. So what I'm trying to do is talk about how intelligence works in the political process and, and try to try to be, be analytical and objective in that sense. So look out for opinion based stuff. Yeah. And that, and that's not just from intelligence, not just from the, from the left. I mean there's some stuff that's coming from, from, from all across the spectrum that is really not, not close to, to, right. So be careful. Be careful.


Well, John, I appreciate everything Thank you for, for all the information you just gave us, the propaganda, what's going on, how to fix it, and is there anything else that we should discuss? Thank, you My, pleasure. Thank. you


Check out the podcast that inspired Taylor Sheridan's latest series Landman. There's a stretch of road in royal rich region of West Texas. This region of West Texas, known as the Permian Basin, is in the midst of the biggest oil boom in history. This is a story of roughnecks, billionaire, wildcatters, and wannabe dreamers. My name is Christian Wallace from Texas Monthly and Imperative Entertainment. This is BoomTown BoomTown. Wherever you listen.