
Charlie Kiba, Jonathan Howard, welcome to the show. Thank you. Thank you. So you guys kind of popped up on my radar. We've been getting blown up with messages wanting us to cover, you know, what's been going on with Cur Hurricane Helene up in North Carolina and East Tennessee. And John, we saw your video go viral and we got connected through Mark Turner to you Charlie, through Mark Turner, who's a good friend of mine. And so there's been all kinds of rumors going on in the news. I don't think anybody really knows what to believe. I'm not really one to believe mainstream media anymore. But look, you guys have been on the ground there and so I just wanna, I just kind of wanna cut right to the chase on, on what you guys are seeing down there, if any of these rumors are true about what we're hearing on, you know, from other people on the ground as far as blocking aid and, and what's actually going on.


And then, and then I'd like to wrap it up with You. know what, what's the solution and, and what do you guys need and what can people do. And so I'm gonna give you guys a quick introduction here. Charlie Keball, you are the Chief Development Officer at Aerial Recovery, which is a Nashville based nonprofit organization dedicated to providing comprehensive healing to veterans and first responders. At Aerial Recovery, you empower these individuals with a new mission to respond to disasters and to combat human trafficking on a global scale. Aerial Recovery's mission is to save lives and to stop evil. Prior to Aerial Recovery, you were served in the Air Force Special Warfare for 10 years and was a J TAC for a second Ranger battalion in the early days after nine 11.


After leaving service in 2005, you established yourself as a business growth expert helping two companies land on Presti on the prestigious Inc. 500 list of fastest growing private companies in the US Five years in a row. You're the founder of the Vidar Group, a service disabled, veteran owned small business service provider that provides training to classified operation operators of the MQ nine Reaper. Jonathan Howard, you are a master sergeant in the Florida State Guard Special Missions unit created by Governor DeSantis and are currently the impact operations lead at Aerial Recovery. You are also a former combat controller CCT.


In addition to your military service, you're a successful businessman. You have sold four real estate companies and own a title company and own a title company across Florida. You're the principal broker for the entire state of Florida for Avanse, a national vacation manage management brokerage. You own a successful lawn care company and build luxury homes in Florida. Last but not least, your happiness and passion is for bird photography and you sell all of your prints for military charity. You're both here today to share firsthand what you're seeing take place in North Carolina and more specifically what the media is not saying.


So where do we start? How did you guys get involved in this? So we were actually in Florida when the storm hit. We pre-positioned in Tallahassee, our organization linked up with, with John's Florida state guard folks. We rode the storm out in a parking garage and then quickly moved into to Perry, Florida and then Stein Hatchie Satchie. And what were you guys seeing there? A pretty rundown, you know, a a town of not very well-built structures. So you know, no one had insurance.


you know, everything they have is gone with that storm. We worked hand in hand with the local law enforcement, the firefighters at, at one point we were leapfrogging the firefighters to clear the road to get from Perry Tote Hatchie. It was a great operation down there in the fact that everybody worked very, very well together. Information was shared. Resource resources were shared. You know we were, we were working hand in hand with the, the officials. There Was FEMA down there. Yeah, I think I heard they were gonna come like three days later or something like that. But down there there was no red tape. And for our unit, the SMU, that was actually our very first mission to be activated on.


And DeSantis and all the floor leadership were like, we don't really know what you guys do as operators, just do whatever you do like. And that's what we did. Like our We have a great commander and he former pair rescue guy and he was like, we're gonna go do what others can't do and we're gonna find work and and get after it. So the main mission to get down there was just clearing trees. I, think my team alone, we cleared about 46 miles of road. Wow. Just in about five hour period. Just chainsaws, just pushing through to Perry. And then we basically hit multiple roads, linked up with Aerial. Recovery I should say. This was actually the first time me and Charlie actually met in person and worked together. Oh good. We knew each other. We talked on the phone and stuff. We live in the same area. We're always trying to link up together but we're just, we're just busy.


So our teams worked together and then we just started pushing in. Not as bad as what We have seen in North Carolina just because of our response with the state of Florida and the resources. No one was trying to take command and control because we had command and control established. So no one was fighting for it. Interesting. So law enforcement, coast Guard, everyone knew their role. No one was like, I'm the leader here. And we were able all to work together. And like even with Ariel, we we're able to work with them and just put the boats in the water and go look for people. 'cause the water level in Stein Hatch was high when we got there. At first light it was probably what, at least chest deep. Most places of water. So we either were going out by foot or we're going by boat.


But you could see the water line on some of these houses. It was like 11 feet. Like it was really, really high. And the the National Guard folks were there. They were Absolutely. And God bless them, they're doing their best. They're just not trained. They're not trained, they're not equipped. So we actually had to pull one of their LTVs out of the floodwaters. Wow. With A Chevy. Yeah. And. they had a Chevy. Yeah. They had no equipment. They're there doing their best. But You know Ill prepared for that type of response. Yeah. Is the special missions unit, is that a new Brand? New That's Brand new. When did that get established? This year, January, pretty much this year. So they started the state guard about two years ago and, and then DeSantis, governor DeSantis basically won his own like Js O unit.


Hmm. For the state. And then we did the first selection class last October. And then the last class was in January. So. it literally just got put together. Interesting. We were actually doing our weapon qualifications the week of the hurricane. So we were rushing all of our weapons qualifications, that way we could carry in the state and get deputized. And then like as we were doing that, we were mission prepping for the hurricane and that was our very, very first mission to show our capabilities, which was great 'cause we, we were able to do that 'cause So is this all comprised of special operations guys or former Military? Yeah, all former operators or very unique backgrounds like canine handlers, stuff like that. We have one guy who is like a fire captain, so he comes in very handy for what we're doing.


Like emergency missions. Yeah. He's also built like a Viking. So he, his physical capability is great. Nice. But pretty much everyone's either former seals, green berets, rangers pair rescue or combat controllers. EOD as well. Man, I hope we stand that up here in Tennessee. Yeah, No I. think I think most states are gonna follow what we're doing and I mean it's great. We have we, we even have our own fixed wing, rotary wing. Like DeSantis is just going full blown with it. Interesting. We'll have to reach out to the, to Bill Lee, the governor of Tennessee. So what, what got you guys up north from Florida? How did you get wind up in North Carolina? So John shared his position with me on his cell phone, which was a mistake, right?


So now I'm tracking him. So I saw that he had made it, made his way home and our team heard about the devastation happening in North Carolina and we set a team up there. So I reached out to John, I said, Hey, if you're home, let's, let's roll up there. And so he said let's do it. So we jumped in his private plane, flew up to Rutherford County Airport and landed there and just kind of did the soft thing once we got there, which was let's try to figure out our next move and get creative. So we started knocking on the doors of the helicopters as they landed. Hey, let's go do some rescues. Hey let's go do some work. Literally. No kidding. Yeah. So you guys, so you guys literally just flew out here, here with the plant or a hundred percent just flew out here with the plant.


You guys guys both flew out here with the plant of just, yeah. Hey let's just get on the ground, figure it out. Yeah, As we were driving to the airport to get in the plane, I got a text from our commander And, they werere like, Hey we're being activated from North Carolina. And I was like, No kidding. Like I'm going there right now with aerialrecovery. So they're like Perfect, go there, get intel. 'cause there wasn't really any kind of intel. Like nothing was being shared. It seemed like no one really knew what was going on. It just, people were trapped and mudslides and flood. So as he said, once we landed in Rutherford, we would just go up to helicopters and we'd be like, Hey, can we get some work with you? Like we just need to get up in there and see what's going on. And that's how we, my wife actually said it when we were at dinner that night, But, I, think an angel actually put us in contact with this guy that had the helicopter.


'cause we were there trying to find helicopters and this random guy came up to us, started talking to us that no one knew and no one has ever seen again and just completely vanished from the, from the earth. Wow. But he went up to this guy that owned a helicopter and he was like, Hey, I got these two guys over here, they need to get a ride in and start doing some work. And then he came over to us and was like, Hey, I heard you guys need a helicopter ride. And this guy now, he's our best friend, he's amazing. He had his own private bell. 4 0 7 4 0 7 helicopter, which holds seven people. And he was like, yeah, I can take you guys up. And that's what we did all of our work in the entire week. Was No kidding? He paid all outta pocket I mean he was paying for the private pilot to fly it. He was paying for all the fuel outta pocket I.


mean I. think he was spending like seven to $9,000 a day. Wow. Yeah, just like in fuel in the pilot. Wow. Zb Hadley, national Coatings outta Wilmington, North Carolina. And Mark Roseman was our pilot. Yeah. Amazing. Yeah. Like without those two we couldn't have done what we did. So what we, so I saw a video view, I believe it went viral. It did. About, you know, about some of the frustrations you were seeing on the ground and, and, and it sounded like, correct me if I'm wrong, but it sounded like different government organizations were trying to take credit for saving an 11 day old baby that you gentlemen actually saved.


So what is, yeah, So I'm gonna play that video right now. Yeah. Overlay it on the, on the episode. I really don't wanna make this video, but it is literally a matter of life and death for the people of North Carolina. So my name's Jonathan Howard, I'm a member of the Florida State Guard Special Missions unit. And I'm also up here with Aerial Recovery, a non-profit. I came up here on Sunday with Aerial Recovery before we even got activated. We flew up here and then we got activated, which is great. I have my team up here working as well. Here's the problem. I'm gonna tell you everything that's happening from the ground, what I'm actually seeing, because what they're telling you is complete bullshit on the news. And these politicians don't have a fucking clue in.


They're lying. And I'll say this now, I'll say at the end of the video, the only thing I need from this video is helicopters. If I have helicopters, I can save lives without helicopters. I can't reach these people. It doesn't matter how many chainsaws and trucks I got, I can't get to 'em. They're 10 miles in, 20 miles, 40 miles in the mountains. There's no way to get with them or even communicate with them. I'm literally flying around in a civilian helicopter looking for SOS messages carved in the mud or painted on the ground and we're dropping down and saving them. What got me fired up about this was yesterday, me and my team did the rescue of that 11 day year old baby and all these government officials and social media, they're showing that video, that pictures and video of that rescue and claiming that like they have some like government helped with that and I mean it.


Even USAA I think it was USAA today wrote an article about it saying it was a Florida national guard that went and got it. Like what a helicopter, no, it was me, my buddy Charlie and a civilian named Zeeb with his own personal helicopter outta Wilmington, North Carolina. Like without that civilian, that baby would be dead. and the old lady we went and rescued after that, she'd be dead too. 'cause she had one day left of oxygen there. No one was going to go get them. I will tell you, when we go up in the air, I probably see 40 civilian helicopters and I might see two black hawks, national Guard, military, whatever they are. That's it. No one's out there doing rescues. I have my entire team up here from Florida right now And.


they have no ability to go rescue these people other than what they can drive to. and the people that are in dire need, they're out in the mountains, they are completely cut off. Now I will say I spoke to my congresswoman down in Florida and she's a badass and she made a bunch of phone calls and now we got two contracted sixties coming up here tomorrow, which is great. I love that. But like, I still don't understand why we don't have more helicopters. Like we'll get a lot of work done with that. But there's no o there's no military, there's no go, no one's doing nothing. I just, it, it blows my mind. And they're not even allowing people to see what's really going on. One of our friends yesterday, they were actually escorting CNN down at late lore.


And. they wouldn't even let CNN, the sheriff department would not let them go videotape the bad areas of how destructive it is. I don't know why they don't wanna show you all that, but I mean it is bad. I should also say when I flew here on Sunday, they actually stopped us from going in the sheriff department. And it was because of a bunch of politics that they were claiming was a speaker of the House of North Carolina that was preventing us from even going in and trying to kick us out. Which I have clarified today with North Carolina politicians that reached out to me good on them, And, they were like, that's complete bullshit. Speaker of the house has nothing. He wants you guys there. But this is the kind of political BS that is happening here right now.


Like everyone's trying to be in charge without taking any type of action. Nobody wants to coordinate with anybody. Everybody wants to pretend like they're being the hero while these people are literally fucking dying in the mountains. And these people, like I'm saying, these people are limited medication. They're running outta oxygen and there's no one going to get them. The most effective way I have found to go find these people is by getting in a helicopter and flying down the rivers and roads and looking for SOS messages or people waving us down and then we drop down and get them. We have all these people here, We have law enforcement, We have state guard, national guard. They have no way to go get these people. Yesterday when I was at the Asheville Airport refueling, which by the way the civilian is paying all this outta his own pocket, he's not even looking for a reimbursement I.


think we did four refuelings yesterday and that was like just in half a day's work. We're in Nashville and I saw two Air Force helicopter sixties and I knew they were PJs just looking at 'em. And I went up to him, I'm like, Hey guys, like what are y'all doing? And I'm like, this is what you need to be doing this, this, this, this how I'm finding people. And they're like, we can't go. We're waiting on Title 10 orders. And I'm like, what? They just, they can't get any authority. There's military helicopters all over here sitting on the ground And, they can't do nothing. Even my JSO boys in Fayetteville, they can't get orders to come out here. And it is just the most disgusting thing and they're killing these people. And I don't know why they're doing it, don don't know what kind of conspiracy. I've heard so many things, whatever you want to come up with, but they're literally allowing these people to fucking die in the mountains right now because we can't get helicopters.


They got money for everything else in the fucking world right now. But if they could just get us helicopters, we could fly out there and rescue these people. So I hope this video goes viral. I hope these politicians get fired. I hope people get pissed off. They'll probably kick me outta the state of North Carolina for doing this. But You know what, I don't care. 'cause if I can save one more life for it, it's fucking worth it to me. Yeah. So who got that mission? So we got That lead from Save Our Allies. That's right. Okay. Right. I'm sure you're familiar with those guys. Yeah. That's Chad Aches guys. That's Right. That's right. So we're in contact with those guys. Sean actually sent us the mission from Save Our Allies and it actually said a 1-year-old baby life or death situation. So we jumped in the helicopter, we were in Rutherford County Airport, which is about 15 minutes away.


The notice had the phone number on it. So I was able to call the grandma Lisa, get her on the phone, find out if the, if the request was still active because we had, by this time, we'd already been on multiple missions that were, you know, dry holes. Yeah. And so spoke to Lisa on the phone, she's gave us a situation. Meanwhile John's calling his counterparts on the ground and was able to get a PJ there within about five minutes. So again, you talk about the God moment of, of the angel connected us there at the airport. His team just happened to be Same town in The same town at the same time. Five minutes Away. Everything worked out the way it should have. Like actually they were flying in with the helicopter to come grab me and him at the Ruthford airport and the people that run the airport, awesome.


I forgot the dad's name, but it's Devon. Devon and his son Tristan, his son's 13, he's been helping us out so much. His dad was in the fuel truck and I wanted to hot refuel the helicopter. 'cause like I said, the message we got, it said life or death. And so that was basically all the intel we had on it. So I asked the his son Tristan, I was like, Hey, can you radio your dad? Can you do a hot refuel? And he was like, don, don't think he's allowed to, but let me see. So his dad came over and he was like, yeah, we can't hot refuel. That's not allowed to do it. And I was like, I have to get this helicopter hot refueled. And he was like, what's the situation? I was like, this 1-year-old baby's gonna die. And he was like, done. And he literally just backed up this fuel truck and just started refilling the helicopter.


Me and Charlie got in it as I was coordinating with my, my PJ Paul on the ground. And then he, I sent him the address and then like two minutes later he's calling me. He's like, I'm here. And I was like, how are you there that quick? And he was like, I was here like literally in the neighborhood just randomly, which on the map when we were looking at it, all the roads were cut off to it. The updated maps were saying it was completely just cut from the rivers. So I don't know how he was even there, but he was able to stabilize the baby, get on oxygen and just getting the vitals stable. So as we're flying in the state guard, SMU guys were there, they started the PJs, started making a HLZ, we found a, a field. I'm looking at imagery on my phone. I'm like, we can land there, but I mean there's power lines all around.


And as we're coming in there, I mean Mark Roseman are awesome. Pilot I mean this isn't what he does. I mean he flies, you know, gulf streams around the world and he's like putting it down the field for the very first time. In the middle of the field, you, you have a, you have a fixed wing pilot flying. He's also aer to bring aircraft. He's he's, yeah, no, no. This guy had I, think he said over 22,000 flight hours. Wow. So very, very, very experienced. And he's been flying helicopters all over. But he's not used to doing like a one 60th mission. You know he's not dropping down in the fields and landing on rooftops. So he dropped down in that field and we had a bunch of our SMU guys there with the baby. A buddy Byron, come run out with the little, I forgot baby crib or holder oxygen car seat.


Car seat, yeah. And we basically just loaded them into the helicopter took off and we flew right to Mission Hospital in Nashville. At the same time we had to communicate with the hospitals, let 'em let 'em know we were coming. Yeah. We found the radio frequency. Our aircraft radio was not compatible. So we had a guy from the rear on our team actually make a phone call to the hospital, let them know that we were coming, have the doctors and nurses on standby on the rooftop waiting for us. So as wow as we were coming to that rooftop, mark was like, find me a place on the ground. I was spotting in the front seat looking for an HLZ and there was two helicopters parked on the HLZ. So we couldn't lay on the ground. And there was one on top of the roof and it was a little bit windy or I say it was very windy, a little bit of rain.


And he was like, I was like, mark, the only place you can go is on that roof. I was like, it's pretty big. Like you should be able to put it down. He goes, I've never landed on a roof. And I was looking at the wind sock up there and it was a direct crosswind. And at that crosswind was like the top of the building for the hospital. So he was kind of nervous about it. I was like, you, you just gotta get it down. And as we were coming in about 10 feet above, the winds were just like, I mean it was pushing us. Like it was real, real strong. But he got it down. Me and Charlie hopped out with the baby grandma, mom rushed 'em inside And. they had a full staff there. I mean they had probably I think two doctors, three nurses, nice And. they just grabbed that baby and took it. And then we actually went immediately out to another mission. But a few days later they got a hold of Charlie And.


they sent us photos of the baby and the mom. And so the baby was, was alive. And then at some point we're gonna go visit them and just kinda like follow up with 'em and stuff. Man. That's amazing. Yeah. I, I'm not a very big emotional guy, but like my emotions were like running very high in that mission. And then like, once we actually got that baby in that doctor's hand, like I actually like wanted to cry. Like I just never Yeah. Like I just, I, it was hard to describe but like, it just, it was, I don't know, it was just tugging on my heart, Man. That is, you guys are fucking awesome. Yeah. But. yeah. At the time we didn't know it, but it was 11 day year old premature baby with brittle bone disease, low iron and something else that it, it had already been like diagnosed with, Do you know the baby's name?


Mason. Mason. Mason. Yeah. Man, I love hearing that man. Yeah. You guys are a godsend. Who, what government organizations are taking credit for your guys' work. It, It was some sort of everybody again, the daily, the daily updates that the, the guard folks were putting out. 'cause I actually reached out to the, the author of the article in USA today. Like, you write something bad, I will, I will hunt you down and send you a nasty email. I learned that from my mom. They Were saying it was like North Carolina National Guard, nothing. Not trying to discredit them. Those guys are doing their part. But like in the video you can clearly see it's a red and gold helicopter. It's a bell helicopter.


It's not a national guard. Yeah. And they're like, oh, national Guard saves 11 day year old premature baby. And I kind of saw it being spread all over it. Social media. And I was just like, y'all disgusting. Like literally these people are out here dying, I should say. Right after that 11 day year old baby, we went and saved an elderly lady who had a day left to live on oxygen. She was cut off in the middle of nowhere. We're the first people to reach 'em. So how, how Are these, how are, how is everybody getting in touch with you guys? 'cause everything we're hearing is there's no communication. There's not, there's no star link, there's no nothing. Facebook messages direct to people like ourselves. And so that particular one, the son who was probably in his early thirties, hiked over the mountain to check on his family like five miles and then went back to get cell phone signal to put out a request.


Wow. And so all it was was Bent Creek, I. think there was an address I think there was a, a grid or an address. Yeah. That just said like, people here need help. And so we just flew, flew into that area, found the river, followed the river, looked for houses, and then spotted in the mud and on the road. SOS Cement, that's how you guys are idea. So the, the the, the cloud layer was pretty low. It was a little bit foggy, a little bit rainy. And we're looking and all the roads to this area, I'm gonna say it was probably 10 miles in, we're just completely washed away. Like just completely eroded. So there's no way to get in there. I mean, Can you even tell there is a road, there was a road's, You, you see Rem of the road there places, there's remnants of it. There might be a little bit of it here, but it's all washed away.


And as we were flying over, I actually didn't see it the first time. And then I caught my eye. I saw big white letters painted on the road that was washed out. It said SOS and then probably 30 yards away from that. It was carved in the mud probably about foot wide SOS. So I was like, Hey Mark, like let's go down there. But it was like on a valley, the road was washed out and I'm trying to find an HLZ, we actually didn't see it when we were coming in, but we crossed two power lines that we almost hit on the way out. But we literally dropped in basically like on this little small piece of concrete next to a house and a hill and then a washed out road, which we couldn't land there 'cause we were afraid it would collapse into the river. And then we shut down, got out, started talking to 'em.


And that's usually how we get our intel. We start talking to 'em like, hey, like what's going on? Who needs help? And they're like, oh this guy's low on insulin. But there was a lady there and she only had about enough fuel in her generator to run her oxygen machine for about a day left. And And they said, they said she won't leave, she's not gonna leave. Wow. Because her whole, her whole family was there and like emotions are high. Like when they, when they first see you and we're the first people to reach 'em. I think that was like day four. Like they're just like, you could see the kind of the color come back to their face. But they were everyone we kept running into like them, they didn't wanna leave because they thought the government would be there in a week. So they're like, oh, like everything's gonna be okay in a couple days. Right? Like it's day four already. And I'm like, y'all don't know how bad this is.


'cause they're thinking it's just their river that's washed out. Not the entire, like North Carolina Tennessee, Georgia. And we show 'em videos and they're just like, oh, I'm like, you're probably not gonna have a road for two to four months. And that would kind of change their opinion on them wanting to leave. But that lady, yeah, go back to her low oxygen. But a day left. We convinced her to get in the helicopter 'cause we could take her son who hiked over the mountains with his daughter as well. And then we flew him out. But I mean again, like great, you know, if it wasn't for Mark, we wouldn't have been able to do that or zb. But as we were taking off, I just mark, he was like basically like, oh God, he just yanked the power up and there was a power line like right in front of us. Wow. We didn't even see it.


And then I was like, okay, I'm like looking out. And then there was another one right in front of that. So that was kinda like a big eye opener. Like okay, like we really gotta be switched on here 'cause this is not a normal HLZ landing. And then even as we landed to bring them back to their house, we had to land on a slope like this, which is something he's never done before. And, and we, we actually had some issues on that one as well. We actually thought we put the tail in the dirt 'cause it started like vibrating real hard. And we were just like, oh man, we're stuck here in the middle of nowhere. But it was just kinda like the way the angle was and it was fine. But then we had to go back and grab them because we couldn't carry all the weight. But that's literally the kinda situations that were, that were going on. And that, oh sorry, go ahead.


We actually went and checked on that, that area about three days later. Yeah. Really. And because we had to leave the husband of the woman, he wanted to, to stay and prepare the house to prevent mold. And so we came back in and checked on them Yeah. A couple days later. And you could start to see the signs of the community turning on them themselves Is it is so looting is starting to happen. That kind of stuff. Desperation was Taking In. Yeah, Yeah. Trying to control the food and stuff. Fighting For, for resources. You could see that happening then. And you could smell the death in that site pretty, pretty well. Well you Could smell it, you could smell the death out there and stuff. Like in the log. 'cause the log piles are just, there's so many it just washed up in the rivers.


And, they would tell us like, yeah, people are in there. Like they have like eight We have eight people missing from the community. We know they're in there. And you, You can, you can, you can Smell it, you can, You can smell bodies. But to kind of go back to your original question on that. So we did that baby rescue, we did that elderly lady. And then I started seeing those videos kind of going out. It was the very next day, day three. And that's, I, that's why I, we were told as, as our unit, we were gonna have like support helicopters. And I actually, I was told I was gonna have like nine helicopters, like fortune nukes, three sixties, two 70 twos. And we were supposed to have all the support for our unit to go out there. And we weren't getting that. And then just talking to everybody else, they weren't getting it.


And we were basically told like, you can get a helicopter if it's like life or death. And I'm just like, well we can't go rescue these people. They're literally like a day left of oxygen, they're gonna die. So I was getting just like super frustrated 'cause I had actually coordinated like 140 person evacuation the next day out of this like nursing home. And then I had no helicopters to do it. Who is they? That's telling you it has to be life or death? It was coming through like our liaison officer of North Carolina. don don't know exactly who it was, but it was some Government Official, yeah, some government official coming down through our commander. So I obviously completely jumped the chain of command and, but I don't wait around for things to happen. And I was, I was super mad.


And I actually got off the phone with my, my title business partner who's an attorney, Jim Boatman. And I go to him for a lot of wisdom. He's very good, godly man. He's, you know, he's a little bit older than me and if I need something, he's usually the one telling me like, don't say those things, you know, watch what you're saying, don't curse. Things like that. And he's like, you gotta make a video, John. He's like, you gotta do it. He was like, if these people are really like it's life or death, he's like, make a video and post it. And I was like, all right. So I literally went out there to where our HLZ was. And I made that video pretty angrily. And because I was just, I was disgusted with what I was seeing. I was, I was mad that they weren't giving us support. They're pretending like everyone there's getting support.


But then when the 11 day baby premature video comes out of us rescuing it, they're like, look at us. We're doing everything we can. you know, they're like, now they're trying to like pretend like they're helping and like, oh, it was the National Guard that did this. And I was just like, y'all have time to post on social media about what we're doing. But like literally if it wasn't for that civilian with his helicopter, that baby was dead. That old lady was dead. And that's when I made that video and I was like, You know what, whatever's gonna happen to me is gonna happen to me. Like, you know, you guys wanna kick me outta North Carolina, whatever. I even thought like I was gonna get a lot of backlash on that from my leadership. But they were just like, I mean that was like, that needed to happen. 'cause we just weren't getting the support that we needed. And, and I can't tell you how much, when I made that video that day and posted it from the very next day, I think I probably had access to about 15 helicopters.


We had congress people reaching out to us, like texting us at 1230 at night. I had all these billions. Like I'm bringing 18 wheelers of truckload supplies. I mean just night and day difference. Even just people like within the area of North Carolina, like Charlotte, Wilmington, they're just like, I cannot believe what's going on. We thought it was being handled And. they just started rushing up there. So like the people that were actually living there, they started like thanking us. Like, thank you for that video. And we were just kind of like, we didn't realize how big of a deal it was gonna be. Wow. And like, and we ran into so many people on those HL Zs that were there helping And. they said, we're here helping because we saw, we saw what you guys are doing. Yeah. We saw, we saw John's video. We saw all the things that you guys are doing and the, and the impact you're having.


So we dropped what we had and came up here to help. Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show If. you haven't already. Please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. And then also from that video, I started getting a lot of messages like to my Instagram from like actual like aircraft commanders. Like squadron commanders. No kidding. I had a squadron commander from North Carolina reach out to me.


They had to load a C 17 full of supplies just to take a photo op for Kamala And. they never sent the bird. Wait a minute. What? They loaded an entire C 17 full of supplies for the hurricane victims. Just for Kamala to go there, take a photo, take a video. And. they never sent the C 17. It was just a Are you serious? Yes. That was a National guard, North Carolina National Guard unit. That was a oh six that reached out to me. And then I had another, he reached Out to you to tell you that they did a photo op. Yeah. And with the, yeah, with the intention of never sending The, never sending, it was just a photo op. The day Joe Biden flew in to Asheville, they had to put up a, another temporary flight restriction over like the entire airspace there.


There wasn't an exact time. It just kind of said from like I think 11 to like four p 4:00 PM or something. And it wound up being I think from 1130 to about three 30 or something. But by him coming there, he actually never landed. He just flew around viewing. But because of that TFR all rescues were shut down. We couldn't go do work. And that was the very first day we had like no fog, no clouds, no rain. And we were like, oh, we're gonna go get all these rescues in. And this was still earlier in the week I. think it was Wednesday when people were still very, very desperate. So I ran to a senator from North Carolina the day before at the Asheville Airport and he was telling me about it.


He was like, we're trying to stop him from coming here. And. they were telling him, If, you come here, they're not gonna be able to do their job. Like he Can you tell me what senator? I don't remember his name. don don't remember his name at all. Okay. Just, it was just an old, he was an older guy and I, I I know, I, I was told he was a Republican, had no idea who he was. But he was like, we're trying to stop him from coming here. So. it doesn't slow down rescue operations. 'cause at this point it was still life or death. But he came anyways, shut us down. And we were literally, me and him were literally just sitting there with our helicopter right in front of us for like three, three and a half hours. And we couldn't go do one mission during that time. And then by the time we got done I think we only got maybe two missions in before it got dark.


But it was just, that's the kind of, it's like that's the kind of po political nonsense that was happening. And then I think the next day we had fog again. Did anything come of of the president flying over? Well he didn't even remember that he flew over. Yeah, He Didn't remember. What do you mean? He got interviewed after he landed And, they said, Mr. President, what are the people in the storm states need? And his response was, what storm are what? He said, I'm trying to remember what storm you're talking about. Are you serious? And then he said, oh, they have everything they need. We're very happy. They they have everything they need. Quote word for word. Yeah. Everything they need. It's all over the media right now. I mean it, it is everywhere. But.


yeah. It was just, We'll pull that clip and inserted as well. Yeah. But it was just, it was just the nonsense where it was like all crews just got shut down. What Do the states of the storm zone need? Mr. Residents guys? What are the states of the storm zone? What do they need after what you saw today? Oh, in the storm zone? Yes sir. Much stronger. They said everything they need. We're very happy. Just Him to, it's just a non-functioning government. Just like we just said, secret services isn't functioning, the border isn't functioning. Chinese are coming in. There's a fentanyl crisis. I mean the outrageous spending. I mean the only thing that seems to be functioning in this country is the IRS.


And hopefully that changes soon. It it, that's the kind of stuff that was happening. I had another, it was a Coast guard squadron commander of a, a Seahawk unit, a Black hawk. And I can't remember if it was South Carolina or North Carolina. He's like, I have been requesting to go there every day and I get denied. Like they wouldn't send them. And even Jt, why aren't they sending the eight? All my js o buddies, all my boys at the two, four PJ's and all that. They're literally right there in Fayetteville. They could not get authorization to come. Like they'd be messaging me like, dude, we want to come my old unit two, three. They want to come. Just nonsense. What's frustrating is we just fought a 20 year war in Afghanistan.


We have the people, We have the equipment, We have the experience to get things in resources into hard places. Every military crew that we saw, we would ask them, do you have a sling load kit? No sling load kit I. think we heard of one sling load operation that happened? No sling load kit. No, You can So there's nukes there. There's nukes there. Yeah. Wait, And, they just, they're not doing it. So If, you have the If, you have the people, the equipment and the experience to go do it. Yeah. Why aren't you doing it? Because someone has to make that decision. Tell Tell him what the guy told us yesterday from Fort Bragg, the 16 Unit. Oh yeah. So we ran into a 82nd airborne guy and we were excited. We were like, oh the 80 seconds finally here. This is awesome.


What are you doing? And he, he at first was very, you know, standoffish. And then we built some rapport with the guy and Well we told him like, Hey CCT tap Pete here. And he said, oh, okay. Like we kind of like relaxed. And he goes, we're just here flying. Oh sixes around Their only mission. Are you serious? Their only mission the entire week is to fly colonels and VIPs around because that's why they didn't have SLE load capability. They, they literally took it off. And, and ZB Z's helicopter was used to fly county officials over their county to do a damage assessment multiple times. Yeah. The lieutenant governor of North Carolina, Mark Robinson, he has a, a relationship with zb, the owner of the aircraft.


And he would be texting him to go do missions. And I remember I think it was like day two, I was like, why is the lieutenant governor the second highest powerful guy having you as a civilian flight officials around? And he was like, he can't get any support. He has no authority to do anything 'cause the governor of North Carolina won't do anything. And apparently he, he said he was AWOL for three days. I think that was like maybe Wednesday or something like that. But like it You know it's bad when the second highest powerful guy in North Carolina came and get his own helicopter to fly people around. Let's, let's just put a pause on the failed government for a minute Okay. And talk about what you guys are seeing. So what we, we'll dive back into that, but what You know what, from what we're hearing over here, there are entire villages and towns just completely Yeah.


Gone cut off as in like they never existed. Is that, is that This is a storm that this has never happened before. Like in Florida, when we get a storm, the water rises equally and then it goes away and the mountains, it goes where it goes. and the people who make the roads evidently follow that same plan because the roads are right next to the rivers. So as the rivers rise and the water starts flowing and a bridge gets washed out, that bridge hits the next bridge. Now you have two bridges floating down the river. They hit the next bridge. So you have this big snowball effect of debris taking out all the roads. And what do we say that, that one river was supposed to be? Yeah, we Six six inches wide and now it's like 60 meters wide.


It was outside Marion, the, the county survey guy. He said that that river originally was only six inches deep and about a foot wide. And then when we flew over it, I think it was probably at least 60 meters wide. So all the houses that were near there literally just got completely demolished and flushed. 'cause it was like a mudslide and just the river overflowed. So this whole area was cleared about 60 meters wide vehicles just tumbled into it. I think he told us at that location about 15 deaths at that one location, about 15 people were killed there. And so if the roads are gone and you know, these people think when the power goes out, it'll be back on in a, in a week tops. Right. But the roads are gone. Hmm. And it doesn't, you, you can't build a road overnight.


No. That's gonna take months and months and months. And A bridge is even longer. Right? Yeah. Right. I mean. So that the lady with the no auction that we went to our rescue on the way over there, we've passed four bridges that were just completely demolished. Four bridges, like big concrete bridges just gone. So any, any logical thinker would see that in that scenario and go, well we need helicopters or pack mules. Right. I mean that's the only way to do it. Yeah. Yeah. And so you have all these supplies coming in to distribution points and then the people that can drive to those distribution points get what they need. And that's great. But you can't get those resources out to the hilltops without helicopters. And in most places you can't land so you have to lower things down.


Which is why we're asking about the sling loads. So there's, there's just no plan. That's, that's the the bottom line. Yeah. How many people have you guys saved? Do you know? Or rescued? We, The first three or four days we had, It's kind of I know we picked, we picked up a lot of people. Yeah. The two that really stand out to me was, was just the baby and the other, 'cause those were just like actual life or death. But we picked up a, we picked up a lot of people. Yeah. I, I can't remember how many, but it was, it was a lot. Do You have an estimation? 150? No, we didn't. We didn't do that many. No, no we didn't do that many.


I'd probably say a good 10, 15. Yeah. 10 or 15. Probably 10 or 15 people like that. Because we can only get, to give you an idea, we can only do about one mission every about hour and a half to two hours. Wow. Because of weight and fuel. Yeah. So we would, you know, fly out 20 to 30 minutes, land there, rescue them, fly them back to where they needed to go, then We have to go refuel, get the next mission. So at that point it's usually about two hours. What about With the, when you guys started getting more access to helicopters? That's when we started just spreading them everywhere and then they were able to go I mean, I don't know what each person did, but they were able to go do a lot of rescues. So you guys aren't even keeping track, you're just no 100% go.


There was no time 24 hours today. There was no downtime. and the service is so bad. The only time I'd ever even get service was just when we're up in the air for a little bit, for a few minutes here and there. And then we're back on the ground. I mean literally we hit the ground, we refuel, we grab a mission and we just go. And then we would do that basically from about, we usually couldn't get started till about nine 30 'cause of fog. So you know, about nine 30 we would go and then we usually had to stop about six 30. So. it would just be go, go, go. Damn that entire time. Damn. And we would just grab food when we could, you know, grab fuel, food and fuel where we could and just, just make it happen. So it was, it was either personal recovery or food and and water delivery. Medicine. Medicine. A lot of medicine.


starlink, Starlink, Starlink, starlink. The End The week. Yeah, mainly So. it started basically with like personnel recovery the first couple days. And then it seemed probably around maybe Thursday the personnel recovery kind of slowed down. Everyone like basically got out that needed to get out and then it went more to like insulin, medical supplies, EpiPens. And then once we got a a pretty good hold of that, it kind of went more to like star links. Like that way they could just message us and be like, We have an emergency, you know, this person needs this. Even the firefighters, we did a lot of firefighter drops. We, so we would actually in a civilian helicopter be picking up search and rec rescue crews, mainly firefighters and flying them to their locations 'cause they couldn't get any kind of helicopter support.


So we would be, we would be Doing that. So these, these states that got paid to send task forces to help, we were picking them up and moving them. Yeah. To different locations. I actually posted a video. We had two civilian helicopters. We landed them in the field to pick up I. think it was eight firefighters. And these are big old boys. So we had to like really balance the weight. But that's what I'm saying. Like people are like, oh why are you guys there? You don't need to be there. There's military, there's government. And I'm like, then why are we doing these missions? Like if there wasn't a need for us, we wouldn't be doing these missions. Yeah. So yeah, we were moving a lot of people, county officials, state officials, search and recovery crews. Like we'd even drop our, we'd take our search and recovery guys from aerial with a bunch of chainsaws and literally fly them to the top of a mountain, drop them off and have them work their way down.


Just go and looking and clearing. How Are you guys delivering fuel for the chainsaws and all that stuff? Are you helicopter With 'em? Yeah, Yeah. We'd literally load the helicopter up, got I mean a little sketchy sometimes, like carrying propane tanks inside the helicopter and stuff like that. Highly flammable. But I mean we would load up like five, six propane tanks and then just go up there and drop it off to people. Damn. Do you have any estimation of how many people are in distress? Somebody should Not You guys and I doubt anybody does Thousands. Thousands I mean a lot of these people are just, it's so remote and I said the road might be washed out for 10 to 20 miles and the train is impassable really Even by foot or even by Pack Mule.


'cause it's just so steep and so wooded. You're only getting there by helicopter. I mean it's just, yeah, there's a lot of, there's a lot of people strain and that's just in the area of western North Carolina where we are I know. It's even more widespread than that. Have you guys done anything in Tennessee? Nope. Not yet. Not there. Not Yet. Not for this storm yet. What You know, what are some of the, where are you guys getting the starlink from? Donated? So we, we work a lot with global empowerment mission to Glo You know, obviously a global nonprofit. And, they had a lot donated. And then we would take their supplies that were donated to them and then go, you know, deploy them out into the field and, And how long You know, we talk about, we talk about when desperation kicks in a lot on the show.


And it's really hard for people to kind of fathom what that's like when the community starts looking inward. Right. So what, what, but you know, that's what happens when people get desperate. Right. Starve. you know, they're starving. They're they're dying of thirst. They don't have medicine. I mean, you guys know all this stuff. A lot of people don't. But what You know. When did you, what are some of the things you started noticing? When did that start happening? That was about day day two or three I. think that was about first we went back Bent Creek. Bent Creek. Yeah. The, You know, they would, they would come up to us individually and say, Hey don, don't don, don't trust that guy over there. Yeah. They really would. No kidding. It was getting kinda weird. They'd be like, watch that guy. He's kind Of shaking that guy over there by your helicopter.


Keep an eye on him. Yeah. And I look over and he is grabbing the, the prop, the rotor blade pulling on it. I'm like, don't touch the helicopter, bro. Are They stealing each other's supplies or anything? Like, does anything like that happen? They were saying that I know when we tried to offload that day at the helicopter like this, as we started unloading this lady and her boyfriend just kind of randomly came outta nowhere. And they were trying to control the supplies for like the whole community And. they were like, we're like, no, no, no. Like everyone's getting they fair share of this. But they, they were trying to do a lot of control, stuff like that. They were even, they even told us that there was actually a bunch of illegal immigrants living there in the mountains. And, they would come out at nighttime and steal their stuff.


One of 'em even said that they surrounded, this was somewhere out there, but they, that guy hiked in to be with his family and he said where he was, they were actually surrounding cars at nighttime with guns and taking people's stuff and then just, and leaving. So damn. Are you seeing communities stand together at all. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Yeah. They're, they're, they're being very protective. Most people out there were, especially in the rural places, they were all very open carrying and carrying. Yeah. Yeah. So they are so a lot of 'em are supporting each other. Oh, yeah. And that, and that's what needs to happen. Like you can sit at home and wait for the government to show up all you want and the military to show up all you want. They're probably not going to.


Yeah. And so these towns and these families, they should all have contingency plans. Like the government's bad at business. They're just not good at business. They don't protect their resources. They don't, they don't use their resources. We know the power grid is vulnerable. Have you've been to a power station? Oh yeah. Like you could just drive to it right now. And Chuck rocks at it. Yeah. They're, they're guarded. Guarded by a chain length fence. Right, right. So, so you've got a government that's bad. A business doesn't protect their resources. Doesn't use the resources they have. Why on earth would you think that they're gonna come save you? you Know, it's I mean. I've been talking about it for a long time. you know, the government, it, we don't have a functioning government right now. We have a border that's wide open. We have runaway money going to every other country out there except ours.


It sounds very similar to the situation in Hawaii not too long ago. It doesn't sound like these people are getting aid I mean, you know, and, you know, NBC actually put an article out saying that this is all a big conspiracy theory. So I, my so many of my team sent this to me. But, you know, this is part of the article. FEMA administrator, Deanna or Deanne, Chris well told ABC news this week on Sunday that the agency absolutely has all the resources it needs. And that claims that the agency has been delivering funds to migrants are just plain false. And, you know, here's ABC news.


Myorca warms, FEMA doesn't have enough funding to last through the hurricane season. Home. Homeland Security Secretary Aro Myorca says, the agency tests with helping communities recover from Hurricane Helene and other natural disasters does not have enough money to make it through hurricane season. So don, don't, you know, once again, mainstream media is, you know, contradicting itself and likely is completely full of shit. So FEMA's running outta money. That's what it, that's what, well, according to the Secretary of fema, they're not running outta money. But, you know, Mayorca is saying they're running outta money, both with the federal government.


Who the fuck are we supposed to believe here? Right. You know? Yeah. It's like anything, you know, you have money for what you prioritize. And, and, and then, you know, that's another reason why I wanted to bring you guys in is because Yeah. Great. Thank you. NBC, do you have anybody on the fucking ground over there? Probably not. Cool. There any government officials on the ground over there? Probably. It sounds like they're all flying around in fucking helicopters getting little photo shoots. And I'm getting fucking pissed just talking about it. But you should make a video And go viral. Well, that's what we're doing right now. There you go. So, but you know, there are, there've been reports that FEMA's blocking aid and, and blocking supplies.


Do you think, you know, I don't want to just jump on the bandwagon. Do you think there's any, do you think they might be, if they are blocking aid in supplies, do you think that they, there's a bigger plan and maybe they just don't, they don't want people looting and, and I know on the last hurricane down in F last, was it last year when Sanibel Fort Myers got hit? you know, and I know they were keeping people from, this is from Mark Turner. They were keeping people from going to Sanibel to do aid. 'cause they didn't want people looting. Is it? Do you think that could be? I I don't think they have a plan. They have no plan. I think it's complete incompetence is the problem. Okay, so There's not some big grand scheme.


It's like the Secret service. Yeah. Yeah. They're complete Failure. I, I personally never saw one FEMA person the entire time. I, I saw Are you serious? I never saw one. The only one I, the only one I saw I said was that like protection security team. They brought in from California. It was like a FBI, like, like a raid team. They're just sitting there where the food supply was where we would usually stop to get food And. they were just sitting there in plates, like full plates, long gun, suppressors, And. they were cool. Like we went and talked to 'em. Most of 'em were former soft guys. But I was like, why, why are you, I was like, what are you guys doing? And they're like, oh, we're just here on behalf of fema. And they're like, EV, ever since Katrina, they always have like a security team. But I never saw like a FEMA official. They were just sitting there literally like plates on, just waiting for something. And don don't think they ever did anything.


But a couple guys. We said the guy at the airport, Rutherford, is it Dean? Whatever the guy Devvin, Devon, he had fema like contractors. They were, they were contracting on behalf of fema. Come talk to him about how they kind of wanted him to like start running operations there, but no actual FEMA officials. So I, I personally never saw any FEMA officials. The only I think politician I ever actually saw was Lieutenant Governor. Who else? I saw Pat Harrigan. He's buddy running for Congress up there. He's their former Green Beret I. think that's it. I wanna say. Yeah. Yeah. Like there was like no actual like officials other than like fire chiefs and, and stuff like that.


Like there was no, but I don't, I don't think FEMA's evil, like the people who work at FEMA are not evil I. think they're just a part of a big bureaucratic system. Yeah. That is so large. They're not efficient to get the job done. Yeah. I think, you know, I don't wanna, I don't want to, I don't want to demoralize anybody that is working for fema, for National Guard for Government organizations who is, who is legitimately just trying to help. Right. This is a, this is an issue at the, at the highest level. And, and once again, those folks You know, hopefully one day are held accountable, you know, for, for incompetence or malicious activity. But what are, is there anything else when it comes to You know the government's response that you guys wanna cover?


Well, Like I said, I I think I think waiting for a government response should never be your first plan. you know, a Aerial Recovery would love to work with towns to come up, you know, pick a town. Let's make a town the model for self sustainment and survivability. Come up with a communication plan, come up with a, a distribution plan of supplies. Come up with an accountability plan for who's where, who's missing. And really build a, a, a model for other towns to, to build off of That would be, that would be a genius. What what do, what can people help with? What do these guys, what is, what do the people need the most?


Is it money? Is it chainsaws? Food, water, medicine. Not money. 'cause They, they're getting seven $50. They're good. They Seven bucks. They got nowhere to go spend it on You know. Like they can't buy anything on the online. They live on the mountains. Nothing can be delivered to 'em. You didn't hear that? So No, they're getting Oh yeah. Fe The government's giving everybody $750. They can't go to an ATM to get the money out 'cause there's no power. Yeah. They can't use their cell phones to pay with anything via phone because their phones are probably dead. And you can't buy anything from businesses because they don't have power. So yeah, money, money for the people doesn't really help them in this moment. No. All really what they need is, is food.


There's also a concern right now for cold weather gear since winter's coming up. And these people aren't gonna have power. Some of them probably maybe till the end of the year. So cold weather gear, things like that. I mean people just bring their, their hands up there to put work in. A lot of people, what do They bring it to? Harley Davidson in Asheville. It's being ran by a former soft guy and he is doing an amazing, he's running that as a soft mission. They even, they even have, I ran to one of my CCT friends who's running the HLZ out there. They're landing about six helicopters deep out there. He is controlling it. They're doing refuelings, I mean they have chainsaws, generators, everything. They're doing probably the best we've seen a hundred percent. And then at Hickory Operation Airdrop, they're doing a really good job over there controlling all these air missions.


And then Aerial Recovery, they're out there doing, you know, we're out there doing our part as well. But I mean really just anywhere. Just bring working in the food kitchens over there by the airports and resupply drops. It's huge. I had a, we had a two ladies from Charlotte reach out to us And. They were like, we're just gonna bring you guys meals and like, just having a hot meal and hot, hot coffee for first responders going out first thing in the morning, like just changes your mental mood, just even going out made a huge difference. So just I mean there's work for anyone to get out there and help. But don don't really, don don't wanna say right now it's a financial situation. It probably will become later on when they can actually use funds. But a lot of these places, they just, the money, it's useless.


There's nothing for them to use it. I, I would say the biggest need right now is heavy equipment. You gotta get these roads equip, you gotta the equipment, the communication or the, the transportation system. Yeah. Resolved or these people are gonna starve. Like the people that we talk to, they probably have about a month. Damn. Before they're gonna be the ones calling for Nvac. If they can get, even get a call out. you know, a lot of people didn't wanna leave. It was their, their life savings to come into the hills of North Carolina and build a property without insurance. you know, everything they have is there, they're not gonna leave. But, you know, the, the evac business is gonna be a lot more active as it gets colder and as the the time goes on.


I mean, are you guys gonna need financial support? We've got a fundraiser set up. I think it's raised about $800,000. Yeah. So the people have been very, very generous. We just started another fundraiser for Hurricane Milton. I can tell you in the past, You know, we responded to, to the Hawaii wildfires. We had people in Ukraine, we had people in Morocco. We do things globally and in most of those cases we do it out of our own pocket. Wow. Our founders are very, very generous people. And, they, their mentality is, you know, God will provide. So Wow. We've got a, a program where we take veterans and put 'em through a 12 month program to heal them and then train them and give them purpose, a new mission.


So we're preventing veteran suicide in that regard because we're giving them a new mission and giving them hope. And then we're using them as humanitarian special operators to go around the world and help people that are in their, in their darkest moments. What are you guys expecting in this next hurricane? Oh yeah. The one That's coming to Florida. What's the name of it? Milton. Milton. Milton I mean we're literally leaving from this show to get in the plane and go right back down there and link up with the, with the team to push out tomorrow morning for it. But I think it's gonna be a bad one just 'cause they're still cleaning up. There's a lot of debris and those are gonna be flying missiles. I know they're trying to get it all and they're doing a good job of getting it all. But I mean that I mean that hurricane just hit a, a week ago.


Yeah. So there's still a lot of damage, but that storm surge into the Tampa area. Tampa floods really bad. So people just need to get out. Yeah, they just gotta, they gotta push inland, get safe. And then You know. The good thing with Florida though, we're very good at handling emergencies. We have good leadership. We have a strong C two command and control. So Florida will be established very quickly. But there's just a be that downtime of You know let's get the roads back up, the power lines, getting the water systems up. So it's, it's gonna be a bad one, but Florida's definitely prepared for it. And what are the, what are the links? What are the, so do you, when you guys, is this, how do I say this? Is this compartmentalized for fundraising for each disaster?


Like It is. It is. Okay. So We have the fundraiser for Hurricane Helene, the fundraiser for Hurricane Milton. And those are posted on our, our Instagram Aerial Recovery group. Okay. and the bio section, you can find those. What can, so I know, you guys are asking for heavy equipment. You had brought up volunteers. What can the, what can the, the everyday person do? Who, who can't travel across the country to go work in a kitchen. They don't have the means to send an excavator or a steamroll out there. What, what can they do? They can donate or they can, they can do their own supply drive.


you know, we had several folks Yeah. Set 'em up, Putting together packages of, of care items and then having them flown into the area. You talked about FEMA earlier. Yeah. That airplane almost got shut off flying into Asheville Airport. We had to go back to our buddy Devon and Hickory and get him to allow that air aircraft to land and offload all the supplies yesterday. Another big thing is spreading awareness. You I, Know, everyone's hearing all this misinformation. I get accused by, people are like, you're a liar. You're spreading false information. You're looking for your 15 minutes of fame. All this like, nonsense stuff. But like, I'm like, I actually have the real videos showing this stuff. Yeah. And these other people online are just lying. They're reading articles. They're like, well I read there's 6,000 military people there.


And I'm like, where are they at? you know, I'm, yeah, I'm here. I don't, I don't see 'em. So there's a lot of misinformation, but keep spreading it. I mean, like, my own video got fact checked by a third party and I'm like, are you serious? Yeah, it really did my own, my own video got fact checked and it's like, this is false information. I'm just like, that's my own video. Like so there's a lot of, they're really trying to suppress the story of what's really happening there. Actually, Jeremy, the, the founder of aerialrecovery, he was meeting with the mayor And. they had CNN there at late lore and he was escorting CNN the biggest fake news network there is And. they wouldn't even let CNN videotape the disaster areas.


They would only let 'em film areas that weren't that bad. Are you serious? That's what I'm saying. Like that's how bad it is when they don't even allow CNN to actually film the real story. And speaking of late Laura, we should probably talk about that. Yeah. That was our, our very first day of arriving. So when we arrived into Rutherford Airport, as we were making connections with helicopter pilots on my, my pilot app, there was A-A-T-F-R-A temporary flight restriction, specifically over late lure and shimmy rock. So no aircraft could fly in and out of it. So we were trying to figure out why that was. 'cause we wanted to take my plane and kind of go up and just recon and see what was going on. So we called the guy that put it up.


He was in charge of like, Frankie, Frankie guy. This name dropped him. Frankie guy Frankie at Emergency Management Services. don don't know his last name was like, oh yeah, we, we put it up to basically stop because the guy that flew his helicopter in there to drop off supplies, they were mad about it. So he's kind of going viral right now in the news. Literally this guy flew, was filling helicopter in and bringing like water and food. And. they reported him to the F faa, FAA. So they were like, you can't fly in there. I'm like, well look, I'm here state guard. I'm also here aerialrecovery like I need to get in there. 'cause we're we're pushing in. Plus we already had an Aerial Recovery ground team there on the ground who was actually meeting with the mayor of late lore.


So Charlie asked him, he goes, well what altitude can we fly at? He goes, I don't know. And we're like, what do you mean you put the TFR up? Like what Al can we fly over it? Like what can we do? He's just like, I I, I don't know. And then he really started pushing 'em hard and he was like, okay, you guys can fly in there. I'll give you like a squat code that'll allow you, but you, you can't land in there. And I'm like, well yeah, I know I'm in a fixed wing air airplane. I can't land. It's not a rotor. And he's just like, okay, just like don't land there. But you could just tell he didn't know what was going on. So we, we didn't do the helicopter ride that day, but right after that we drove in as we were driving into Lake lore, there was a sheriff deputy, one deputy sitting there to like a checkpoint blocking the road.


And he sees us, he goes, oh, you guys stop. I already heard about you. You can't come in here. And we were like, what do you mean you heard about us? Like we, we just got here. He's like, yeah, aerialrecovery, you're not allowed to come in here. And they're, they're talking about you all over the radio right now. So he's calling his team who's in late lore with the mayor. And they're like, we don't know what's going on. So we tell this deputy, we're like, Hey man, we know you're just the messenger. Like get me some authority up here. So a police captain comes up to us, nice guy. He goes, yeah, I can't let you in guys. He goes, they're blocking Ariel recovery from coming in. And that's where I'm like, Hey, I'm with the state guard, I wanna go in there. And he's like, I can't do it. He's like, something about the speaker of the house of North Carolina is blocking you guys from coming in.


And we were just like, this is not making any sense at all. So he gets on the phone again and really what it came down to was some people didn't like the temperament of us. I'll get to that a little bit more. And then they were telling officials to completely kick us out from going in. So I, this police captain was like, I will escort y'all into the next check point. Get you through to your team. He goes, I can probably get in a lot of trouble for this. But he was like, I want everyone here to help. And he's like, these people need it bat so good on that police captain. Well that was After we threatened him. Yeah, yeah. We kind of threatened him a little bit. So we, so we leave, this is kind of important. We leave that checkpoint into late lore. There's only one road, right? We, we leave that checkpoint, we drive through the second checkpoint.


He's like, all right, you guys are good to go by yourselves. So we drive in, there's a third checkpoint now. And that actually, I should say that second checkpoint probably had four deputies. Yeah. We go to the third checkpoint, there's eight deputy sheriffs. They're just standing there not doing nothing. And they're like, Nope, guys can't go any further. They just called out on the radio. We're like, no, we just got eight fucking Deputies sitting, sitting there doing, doing nothing with interactions with 15. You got thousands and thousands of people a single starving to death, dying a fucking not having medicine, babies, no water. And you got eight fucking deputies, 15 sitting on their ass. 15, 15, 15 deputies sitting on their ass at a checkpoint At a single lane road, single lane.


They even had a SWAT vehicle. They had a swat like up armored like, like RA that was there. So, it gets a little heated. But I started talking to him and I'm like, Hey, like what do they have you guys doing? And he's like, he's like, I'm like, are you guys doing search and recovery, doing welfare checks? He was like, we want to, all we can do is stand right here at this checkpoint. And I was like that these guys are like in their twenties and thirties. He's like, literally, or only orders, we can't do anything but stand right here. And I'm just like, what a waste of manpower. So what department is this? It was whatever county late law is in this is the sheriff's department of that county. So they would not let us go through. They're like, Hey, I'm just the messenger. Like I, I'm gonna get in trouble by the sheriff. And we're like, okay, so the sheriff is denying us.


And he is like, yes, the sheriff is denying you per the speaker of the house of North Carolina. And we're like, this is just dumb. And then we started, that's when Charlie was like, you guys are about to go viral on the internet. I I'm gonna record you denying us to come in And. they were just like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay, You know what? We'll let you go up to the the fire chief 'cause he's actually in control of this area. So we roll up to, it was like kind of between chimney rock and late lore and there's this Michigan task force. We're gonna get to these guys, this Michigan task force who was there for profit. We find out later on And they there with the fire chief and they're just their leader. Don don't wanna put it on the whole team there. But their leader was just very condescending.


Had this, just had this punch me face. And he just kept looking at us with like disgust. He just kind of sit there with his hands on his hips and he just kind of like look at us and just kinda like, and then one of our guys who was there on the ground already, he comes up to me and Charlie and he's like, Hey these guys, they're the problem. They're the ones reporting us to get us kicked out because they don't like us. And we're like, what do you mean? And he goes, well I overheard a couple of them saying, he goes, look at these guys. They think they're a bunch of bad asses. And he actually told 'em, he goes, I can hear what you're saying. and the guy was just kind of like, oh, but you look at these guys, there were a search and recovery team who had no physical capability to do this job at all. They were all very outta shape, much older.


They probably could barely go up 200 yards up the side of a mountain So. it kind of became this like dick measuring contest. They're looking at us, we're all former soft guys. Even the leader of their group actually looks over us. He goes look like a bunch of navy seals. I probably wouldn't wrestle y'all just like, and we're like, hey man. Like cut all that out. Like we're here to rescue people. We're here to put in work. Yeah. Like we literally just got here and you're over here worrying about wrestling matches and who's who. Like just tell us where we can go push in and get work done. So after we get this little confrontation done, we shake hands, seems like everything's cool. They're like, okay, you guys can come back here and work. And we're like, great. It's done. Like we can finally get to work.


But it was already at the evening time. So the Michigan guy in charge of this task force calls for a 7:00 AM meeting the next day. Like we be there at 7:00 AM we'll get our products and we'll push out and do work And we stay two hours away. Yeah, right. We're not gonna stay in lake lore and take up resources from the people who need everything. Yeah. So we stay two hours away. So we're, you know, we're on the road at five O'clock the next morning. Yeah. 5:00 AM we roll 5:00 AM like wake up time four 30, we're rolling 5:00 AM we're there like 15 minutes prior. No one's there. 7:00 AM comes up, fire chief rolls up, nobody else, sheriff deputies roll up. And we're like, where are these guys?


Seven 40, they roll up seven 40, they roll up. Daylight's already burning And. they roll up just like grinning at us just like, hmm. you know, just they had this little muck looks on their face, they get out and they're a leader of this group grabs the fire chief and the one of the sheriff people pulls 'em away from us and has a little powwow for about five minutes. Comes back around by himself, this guy from Michigan, same thing. Hands on his hips. He goes, where's your authorization papers? And we're like, what? And he's like, where's your orders to be here? Who authorized you to be here? And I was just like, I cannot believe this is happening right now. And Charlie is like, we're a nonprofit, we don't need authorization.


Like we're here to like rescue people. So I actually have authorization orders and I'm like, well here's my authorization. Like I'm from the state guard and I hand him my phone and he looks at it and he goes, this is useless. Didn't even, literally didn't even look at it. I was like, no, those are my orders. I'm like, I am here on behalf of my governor to be here. He was like, don, don't even know your capabilities. And I'm just like, are you kidding me right now? Wow. So he gets in this whole like, I can't work with you. And then Charlie's like, oh well why don't you just tell us where you're gonna be so we don't cross paths. We'll work over here. You guys work here, let's just kinda like set out our grids. Nope, I can't even discussed nothing with you. And I'm just like, who is this guy? you know, like the fire chief's not, not even talking to us.


So we start questioning him like, who's your authority? Who is giving you your authority to be in control of this area right now? He goes, my authority comes from Michigan State, which comes from North Carolina. I'm like, okay, well who? He's like, well it comes from Michigan on behalf of North Carolina. 'cause they request for us to be here and I'm in control here. So he's like literally saying like I am, like this is my place. Wow. So as he pulls off, he goes and talks to the fire chief a little bit more. I overhear him saying he needs a helicopter. He's like, I need a helicopter to the fire chief. And he's like, he's literally just like, like pointing this me like I need this, I need this helicopter. So I'm like, You know what? I'm gonna be cool. Like, you know, I'm, I'm doing the, I'm doing what's good for the people in North Carolina. I'm not don don't care about who's in charge. So I go up to him, I'm like, Hey, I got a helicopter.


Like where do you need to go? What do you need to do? He's like, I can't work with you. I already told you this. Like Don don't don don't know your capabilities or authorizations. So I start trying to explain to him like, Hey, I'm a combat controller. Like I'm also an FAA air traffic controller. I can, this is like what I do is literally set up Auste airfields and HL Zs. Like I can land these helicopters out here for you, put your guys in it and go do the work you need to do. And he's like, no, you can't do that. Like I was like, well I'm bringing in. At that time my state guard unit was driving up And, they had helicopters and I was like, I'm bringing in helicopters in here. And he's like, no you're not. And I was like, well you're not gonna stop me. He's like, well I put up a TFR. And that's when I found out he was the one that told the Frankie at EMS to put up the TFR because he started telling me that he was so proud of himself about the guy that flew in supplies.


And he was so mad about it. He's like, this guy flew in with supplies without my authorization and just landed in the field. I can't be having people out here laying helicopters, bringing supplies without talking to me first. So he is like, yeah I report him to FAA And he was just like so proud of himself for that. Wow. That's Sad. So they were gone the next day, by the way, they were, they, they were there for two days. And, they were gone. I got that from the, yeah, from the fire chief. So as we started talking to their crew, that's when we found out they were there for profit. And we're like, how'd you guys get here? And he's like, oh, we bid on the job. And we're like, you bid on the job? He's like, yeah they, North Carolina put out like requests for like crews to show up and you get paid. And I was just like, and that's when I started, it started making sense.


He didn't want a state guard unit and a non-profit there that would outshine him and his crew while they're there for profit. And that I think that's really what it was. That's sad man. Yeah. And the and those meanwhile, these people are literally trapped. They're dying up there. Yeah. And they're not getting the help. 'cause everybody wants to You know they want their little fame and wanna be in charge of everything. So that wasn't, so, correct me if I'm wrong, but that that wasn't the government, that was just a, That was just on the ground Politics. It was just a ship bag That was, it was on the politics trying to, Trying to make money off of people. As nice as the fire chief was being nice is getting people killed. Yeah. And I should say he was re already retired. He retired in January.


In January And he even told us, they called him back on Sunday. They're like, Hey will you come back? So he literally volunteered to go back and he was like making a little I mean he's a nice guy but he's like, well they can't fire me. I already retired. you know, and he was just getting walked like a dog by this guy from Michigan and just damn controlling the whole situation. And then apparently actually the sheriff, I, I do wanna clarify this speaker of the house did not deny us. He personally reached out to us at 1230 at night after my video, he actually text a guy on our team, my Instagram video. He is like, this was not me and was apologizing. You have like full help. And even his I think it was his chief of staff or right hand, whatever it was I think a guy named Phil, he called me. He was like, we did not do that. He was like, who was telling you that?


So we kind of gave him the specifics and then even the sheriff reached out and was like, I did not do that. And we're like, Hey, well you need to talk to your deputies 'cause your deputies are the ones telling us that. So you need to, you need, you need to clean your own house up. Yeah. On what's going on. Damn. But so I should say this, it was such nonsense. My commander and aerialrecovery were like, You know what, we're just done with it. So we actually left Lake Lore in Shimmy Rock. We just abandoned it and went and found other places to go work because we couldn't get any work done on the Ground. We did several, several missions in Lake Lore and Chimney Rock via air. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But we had to pull the ground crews out because it was just, it was just Too much drama.


We Couldn't get no work done. Yeah. Like nothing Man. That's sad for those people. Yeah. That is really sad for those people. Well I wanna wrap this up. I just wanted to get, you know, I wanted to get you guys in here, get what you're doing, how we can help these people, what's actually going on on the ground. I really appreciate you guys coming in here to, to get the word out and I know time is of the essence and you gotta get back down to Florida. But I do, you know, we here at SRS wanna make a donation and so I'm, I'm gonna leave it up to you guys. We can donate $10,000 or we can give you $10,000 worth of supplies to go back with you.


Awesome. It's up to you. Awesome. No, that sounds good. Thank you so Much. You're welcome. You're welcome. Are we wrapping up right now? Yeah. You got something Else? I do. Got something else for you. Let's hear it. I know you always like to do gifts and obviously this was not prepared at all, but my, my wife came up here a couple days ago. She brought a couple stuff for me to, before we even knew we were coming on the show, just like handout. So I actually got you a gift. Oh, I got you guys a gift too. Oh. Forgot to do this at the beginning. Awesome. Thank You. I've always wanted these gummy bears. There you go. Yeah. I've always wanted these. There you go. Well I got a gift for you as well. So I, I really do do bur photography and people don't believe me just 'cause my appearance.


They're like, you don't like a photographer? I'm like, I know. But like, this is like, I took this photo in Chile in May. Damn. That's cool man. And this is, you know, the bag and bag and I'll hold this up on, dunno, If, you guys can see it. But so photography, I, I really like being out in nature. Nature's like my, my happiness and stuff like that. And it's, I always say it's where I kind of like healed myself coming outta the military and just everything else just being out in nature. So I got into photography and I didn't want to become about money or anything like that. So any dollar the business makes, I just give to military charities and the prints. Usually when there's like something bad happens, I'll take a certain print and I'll sign it and I'll auction it off and do things like that.


So I know you're a very big Christian and I took this photo earlier this year down in Bonita Springs at a church near my house. And I thought this would be a perfect one. I I, I wanna, I wanna send you the print, obviously didn't have it 'cause we were working in North Carolina, but I thought you would really appreciate this. It is a bald eagle Oh man. Landing on top of the, the steeple on top of the, their cross on top of the church in Bonita Springs, Florida. That's awesome Man. So thank you. It just worked out that my wife literally randomly grabbed this shirt outta my, outta my office and then I won't go through 'em all.


But we had a bunch of like kid shirts. 'cause that's what my wife brought a lot of these just to hand out to kids. So they had like t-shirts and birds and stuff like that. But I figured your little kiddos or someone, you know, could, could use it in a little bird bag. So yeah. Thank you man. That's my, that's my my gift to you Man. Thank you. That's awesome. And if that print shows up, it will show up. Can you sign it? Sign I'll, I sign It. I'll sign it and I'll send it to you. It'll be hanging in the studio, man. Yeah, thank you. Yeah. What I've got for, for you, Sean, here is a, a, a bracelet that we give our, our heroes We have a Heel to Heroes program. It's a 12 month program I was telling you about. Yeah. And this, it says Force for Good. So what it, what it is, is it's a reminder that all your experiences, all your military time, all the things that you've done and seen in your life can be used as a force for good.


you know, and our program takes people out of alcohol addiction, out of drug addiction, out of depression. But this is the reminder that we give those guys to look at every day. So yeah, that's for you to either keep or to give to someone that You know that, that might need it Force for good. Thank you gentlemen. Well, I just wanna say, you know, it's an honor to be interviewing you guys and, and it's amazing what you guys are doing and especially, you know, with the fact that, that we do have a failing government right now. And, and I'm just really thankful for you and, and I know everybody else is too. So God bless you and Godspeed and the next disaster.


So yeah, thank you.