
Being a marketer is no sweat You. Just have to manage dozens of channels. Launch hundreds of campaigns, score thousands of leads. And. Okay, fine. It's a lot of sweat unless you have HubSpot's AI powered marketing tools to help You do all That and more. Get started at hubspot.com/marketers.


Nick Bryant Welcome. back to the show. Glad To be here. Sean The first episode We did was fire. Took off like a bat out hell. And, and so now you're back. And take two. Yeah here. We go. So we're gonna talk about, we're gonna kick It off with P Diddy. What? The Hell. And then You have a lot of updates on the Epstein stuff. Case Yeah, And, I. Have some questions as Well. And then You got a new book out. When did the book come out? The Truth. About Watergate came Out in March. It came out in March. Yeah. How's It doing? It's Doing pretty Good.


I'm pretty happy with It. It The narrative is completely antithetical to The narrative that We hear in The mainstream media. But I fortified It with 2,238 citations. So no one can tell me that I made any of this up. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Well, Hey, so we'll get to It. But first, last, last time, We think We went through the entire interview and I forgot to give you your gift. Yeah I was, I was a little bummed out about That. That I mean. Sorry. When I I Realized Know, I'm sorry. So I'm gonna make it up to You right now. Well Thank you there? We. Go.


You. Got any guesses? Thank. You. Very much. You have to open it on a show that's The only rule. I would say it's gummies. Good Guess after you open the bag up. Ah, what do you know? It's gummies, Vigilance league, gummy bears. Oh. Made right here in The U S a up in Michigan, actually. And, and they're legal in all 50 states, which We just talked a great conversation about sobriety. So Yeah, so they fit. It's just Candy. But Well Nick know I You know You don't need an introduction on this show, but I'm gonna give you one anyways here.


We. Go. You are a journalist and author who wrote several books, including the Franklin Scandal. In your most recent book, The Truth About Watergate. With over a 30 year riding career, you've focused most of your work on a plight of lower socioeconomic children in the United States. You've spent seven years investigating coast to coast child trafficking networks. You were an investigator of the Epstein Network and published Epstein's little black book. He launched a nonprofit organization, Epstein Justice, where the objective is to hold the government and perpetrators and the, the Epstein Child Trafficking Network accountable.


You were on a show last year, but you're back today to discuss The inside Scoop on p Diddy's case as Well as The Connecticut between the coverup of The Epstein Child Trafficking Network and p Diddy I can't wait to get, and this, it feels weird, even saying I can't wait to get, and this, it's so disgusting. But. yeah, I got I got some questions about Epstein as well when We get to that point here. But Nick We have a We have a subscription account. It's on Patreon. think, think You have a Patreon too, correct? Yes. I, I do have a Patreon. So one of The things, That We give our patrons is We.


Give them the opportunity to ask a question to each guest. And. So you Know It's just, it's it's Patreon. Our patrons are our top supporters. I wouldn't be here. You wouldn't be here if It wasn't for them. They've been here since The beginning. And so I just love to, to, to offer them this opportunity. So this is from Tyler Stud. Despite significant evidence, figures such as Sarah Kellen have not faced the same level of prosecution as Ja Giselle Maxwell I can never pronounce her. Ghislaine Ghislaine Ghislaine Yeah.


I'm sorry. It's, It's A tough one. Yeah I mean I. Would I just hate to butcher her name, but, but what systemic issues in the legal system prevent these individuals from being held accountable? And what reforms does he believe, do you believe are necessary to address this? So one I have a question. Who the hell is Sarah Kellen? Sarah Kellen was one of Epstein's Procurers, aka a pimps. And actually The New York Times did an article on six Epstein Procurers, AKA pimps. And Maxwell was the leading one.


But right below her was Epstein's number two, Lieutenant Sarah Kellen And. This woman has led a lot of lambs to the slaughter. She should be serving multiple lifetimes for child trafficking. Child trafficking is 15 to life and Maxwell only getting 20. Considering That, she'd been probably trafficking him for 25 years. Is is a joke. But with Kellen, she should also be in prison with Maxwell And. Again, as we've talked about it the last time, we'll talk about It. This time. The government has been completely unwilling to prosecute the Procurers and the perpetrators and the Jeffrey Epstein network.


Well, it sounds like we're, and I Know You know we're gonna get, and this, but it sounds like, what did You say? Her name? Sarah Kellen. The other one. Ghislaine Maxwell Yeah. Ghislaine. Sounds like she's got a pretty cush prison sentence. Well, she's in a dormitory now. And, generally people That are in dormitories. Prison dormitories. they, they've been exemplary prisoners. They're, they've Don a lot of time and they're getting ready to get released. And Maxwell got and a dormitory after like two years. So obviously she's s been given very cush circumstances. What, Do you think What What, do You think the media is so hesitant to cover this shit?


I can speak from my own experience. Well, not Hesitant. they just won't cover It. So they won't cover It The Media. Are they pro sex trafficking? Is that what It is? they like child sex trafficking. Well. You Know The Media will talk about things. That are salacious. Anything that's salacious with Epstein The media won't talk about. But when You try to get and Justice, the media won't go there at all. In January, I was contacted by C, NN there was gonna be a big Epstein dump document dump and I was contacted by C. NN And. cause I was The guy that put the black book on a internet.


they wanted me to take part And. I'd talked to the producer and then We were texting and I said, I'd also like to talk about Epstein Justice. It's this organization I've started where we're trying to get Justice for Jeffrey Epstein's. Victims. And. Then I got a, a text about don don't Know. 20 minutes later, Well, you know, Nick, we're gonna go a different direction. Really? Yeah. And that's happened to me. So they don't, So the mainstream media, they don't want any, they don't want any Justice for these victims. No I mean, it's, it's so bizarre to me that you've got The mainstream media out there and none of them are screaming for Justice, Jeffrey, Epstein, trafficked, underage girls for 25 years.


What is The? Youngest girl on record? That. He trafficked. Okay, so on record it's 13 The. Cover story is 14, but there were girls younger than actually 13. Shit. And I know a therapist. She's an eminent therapist. Over the years, I, I've been researching writing about child driving for 22 years. and the National Center of Sexual Exploitation puts that an International summit. And. I've spoken at The Summit three times. and the inter International site for the study of trauma. And Dissociation, which is a group of therapists, That work with victims that have been abused.


You Know gone through horrific abuse. I've spoken at their International conference. So when it comes to people in the anti-trafficking community, And also people That work with victims of trafficking. I've got a pretty Good name and I've befriended a couple of them that have told me that. And one of them is really an eminent psychologist. She I. I mean I can't cause of our confidentiality. I can't, but, but she, people would know her. And she had a victim. She was counseling someone who she felt was under 10 years old when she was traveled by Epstein And.


Then, you know, another therapist who's an esteem therapist, very esteemed therapist who has another client. That was under 10 years old when they were traffick by Epstein. Now And, these kids can describe Epstein's home. they can describe Parks by Hi that they were taken to by his home in New York. Th th they know And. And these two therapists firmly believe now they're young women, That, they're telling the truth. and the thing is, when I wrote The Franklin, scandal, I mean King and Spence, the two primary pimps and that network, they were and like adolescent boys.


But these guys are psychopaths. Epstein's a psychopath. Maxwell's a psychopath. If. you, If, you want an 8-year-old, they'll get you an 8-year-old. I mean, that's just the way it is. I mean it's not like they've, they're constricted by any type of morality. I mean w So how would they We I think We talked about how they got the other victims that were 16, 17. You know how, how do they, how are they capturing eight year olds? They were buying, they Just kidnapping them. Well. they were no, they were buying them in Eastern Europe.


they were actually buying children Epstein and Jean Luper. Now were buying children in Eastern Europe. And what I've seen, like in The Franklin scandal, Boystown was being plundered by Lawrence King, one of The pedophilia pimps. and the number two guy at Boystown at that point, his name was Father James. Kelly I, hate to call him father, but his name was James Kelly. And he'd molested a number of kids in upstate New York. and the Catholic church in its infinite wisdom, put him at Boystown And. I was told by every year of The, The The students of Boystown, like The Mayor A Boystown is like an incorporated city.


And I was told by a former mayor of Boystown that he felt that Father Kelly was compromised and was, and That And. That's how these kids were able to get passes for The weekend. cause And that, you know, it's kind I I was just looking when I was looking at Boystown, I was just looking for kids that had been trafficked by Lawrence King. But then I encountered like six kids that had been molested by James Kelly. So it's, it's shocking. The Catholic church knew what he was about in upstate New York.


And, then they moved him to Boystown. they Have a history of this though, don't they? Yeah Oh, Yeah. The Catholic church moves the priest. I mean that's What. They're getting sued and oblivion now is cause they were fully cognizant of the The behavior of these priests. And, then they would move them to a different parish where They, they just picked up a Catholic priest here in Franklin for doing That. I don't Know If they charged him or if if he got a guilty verdict. But. yeah they did. It was don don't know Maybe actually I think It was right before last Christmas when it came out. No, it was right after It was right after Yeah, Yeah, The. Catholic churches you would think would come to The point where It would be transparent and whatever happened happened, You would think it would be a spiritual organization.


And I, Know people That are Catholic that are very spiritual. I was Catholic, Yeah, And. And you're very spiritual. But I. think when You run you Know. When you institutions, when when something becomes an institution, And, we've seen this a lot. Institutions become concerned about their power, their money, and their prestige. Yeah. And they put That above, like Penn State is an example. they knew That, The, Penn State. People knew That. Jerry Sandusky was molesting those kids. But It was concerned about its power, money, and prestige.


Catholic church, money, power, prestige, the Boy Scouts, money, power, prestige. That's just institutions become that way. Institutions like the Boy Scouts, I believe started out with The, purest of motives. But then at a certain point it became concerned about The its money. Power And. Prestige And. It knew about a bunch of these. It It had a big list of scout masters that had molested kids. You know what The going back to The, The, I. Just have some questions before We really dive and The interview And And, you know, with the I just don't understand What, they're not going after him. And is everybody guilty?


I mean in public What? Did everybody have a hand in this? like What is nothing happening? What What is I mean? The judge almost got assassinated. What is going on? What are those paintings of George Bush throwing airplanes at two Jenga towers at Epstein Island? What is The painting with Bill Clinton wearing a dress? And red high heels. What is That? Is that a, is That a I? Gotcha. You. Better not say anything ever. There's A lot of symbolism in those. It's definitely entirely possible.


All Epstein had a very warped mind. But despite that, he pandered two other people with warped minds. And perhaps he had insights. I. I believe Epstein was intelligence for sure. And, he was in a very high strata of intelligence. And when Clinton was president, Epstein was providing him with women. He wa he was signing and The White House and provided him with women. I. Don't think That, they were minors, but they were definitely young women.


So even when Epstein is, or even when Clinton's The, president Epstein is delivering women to him and the White House. So someone like that has a lot of dirt on a lot of people. Yeah knows a lot. Yeah. So what is he holding the entire US government on Blackmail? Well, obviously not anymore. The thing with Epstein And, this is where people It don't really understand. Jeffrey Epstein by himself couldn't Blackmail anyone. Jeffrey Epstein was a college dropout from Coney Island, kind of a working class family.


A guy like that couldn't Blackmail The most powerful men in the United States and the world. He has to have an organization behind him. And That organization tells people Y, you know, If, you harm Jeffrey Epstein, there's gonna be a retribution that's The. Only way that Jeffrey Epstein can Blackmail some the most powerful men in the world is if there's an organization behind him, That has a lot of power. What Organization was behind them? It's, there's some dark corner of intelligence that's s been doing this forever. And I don't Know what you'd call It. Some people would call it The, deep state, I, I, just I.


Don't know I call it some dark malignant corner of intelligence. And that dark corner has been doing nefarious things for, for a long time. And and I understand some of these re some of The reasons. I knew someone, That knew William Colby very Well. He was the, he was a former CI director. That went canoeing in April. He was 76 years old. He went canoeing in April without his shoes and his body was found I think like a week later. So he died under very suspicious circumstances.


But he had told this individual that I Know, That That was one of his regrets. cause Colby had been with the C I from The very beginning. It was OS, s and N, C I A, he said That That was one of his regrets is that they felt like fighting communists was too important to be left to politicians. So they started funding mechanisms, covert funding mechanisms, and then also the Blackmail too. And he said That That was one of his big regrets was that The C I started these funding, these covert funding mechanisms, So it couldn basically do whatever It wanted.


Interesting. Do you think I have another que I'm gonna switch The flow of the interview. Let's just get and the Epstein stuff right now, okay, since Verna. But you know, do You think that I gotta be careful how I say this, but basically what I'm saying, fuck It. I'm not gonna try to, to beat around the bush. Do you think that all of the clients were pedophiles or did they get tricked? Do you think that is what was going on? cause wouldn't That Yeah I get it?


They're cheating on their wives. It's bad, but they didn't knowingly. Do you see what I'm getting at? they didn't know I mean. look, Nick, you can get on Instagram right now. And, look at all the private The. What do they call the, the private jet stewardesses and they all look the same. They If you see, you know what I'm talking about. I don't, No, well don, I'm not much of an Instagram guy. So They look like they just walked out of the strip club and jumped on a jet to Oh, okay? To to Yeah And. So that's what I'm so We know what's going on on private jets. Okay, I mean let's just, it's it's pretty obvious what happens with those type of stewardess and So.


it may not even be uncommon. I mean I don't know don don't fly around on private jets. But It may not even be uncommon, you know, for That to be, you know, part of The The The flight routine, right? And so maybe this is just another flight where that they're used to this happening and, but this time it's, oh, Yeah, that was Yeah. That was a 17-year-old by The way. You're on camera You, Know. cause wouldn't that turn the, wouldn't that turn The, the wouldn't that turn them and somewhat of a victim as well. Well, I think all The above to what you said, I think sometimes they're trick.


But Epstein was frequently pandering. 14 year olds and We know he was pandering 13 year olds. And I. Don't think It would be hard to differentiate between a 13-year-old or 14-year-old and an adult And. As I said earlier, Epstein I believe Pandered kids. That were under 10 years old. So I think it's all the above guys. couldn have been tricked for sure with some of these young women that look like adults. But then some guys are just, they're pedophiles. I mean they like totally Yeah I mean. That's, that's their thing. That's what they're, and Yeah and like Epstein, he, his thing was pubescent girls, You know what I mean though?


I mean and I mean. You definitely have your repeat offenders. Yeah I mean We all know who they are. At least a couple of 'em You know. But there's also people from my understanding that we're, you know, one time offenders or supposedly and I don't Know. I'm just, I've thought a lot about this And and like I said, You know it's yes, it they are they standup citizens by flying around in private jets, And doing whatever to women that goes on on there. No, they're not standup citizens, but I mean it is.


They're not doing anything anybody else isn't doing. And, and at least it's, it's not uncommon. And so to to to, to trick somebody like that I think would be relatively easy, especially with a 16, 17-year-old. The 16 or 17-year-old Yeah, I think so I got to a Blackmail photographer who was part of The Franklin traveling network. And I was I was I was in initially cutting my teeth on a story. I I was trying to figure out how you Know I was trying to figure out so much stuff. And I asked him about The Blackmail angle And.


He said to me, it's s like you're on a yacht. And. It's a beautiful yacht. It's a beautiful day. And You can have anything You want on a yacht. But If, you decide to get off The yacht, the people on a yacht are gonna make sure that you'd drown. So once you've been compromised, there's almost an incentive to keep going with it. I mean you're not gonna stop I mean there's already footage of you, you're part of That Club, you're part of that erta where you're gonna keep your mouth shut and do what you're told.


When I was in The seal teams I loved to dip. I spent a lot of time on operations. And dipping was a ritual. So if it's a ritual for you too, I, get it. If you're an adult age 21 or older and use nicotine or tobacco, I want to tell You about an American brand? Black buffalo, black buffalo's, nicotine pouches do not contain tobacco leaf or stem, but they are packed with tons of flavor and nicotine. The magic of black buffalo as they discovered a way to make cured edible. Green leaves behave like the texture of tobacco. And have classic flavors. You're in Good company. If you roam with the black buffalo herd. The business was built by dippers with decades of smokeless tobacco use. they manufactured their tobacco alternatives with respect for those products that came before them. Bold flavors, full pouches, metal lids, And a brand. That stands for something America. Their products are also Proud y endorsed by many, myself included. If you're 21 And older, consume nicotine or tobacco, join The Herd And. Head over to black buffalo.com to learn more. You can order online And. they ship directly to most states or check out their store locator to purchase pouches at thousands of locations around the country. Black Buffalo, an American brand. And pouches worth respect. Warning, this product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Black Buffalo products are intended for adults age 21 and older who are consumers of nicotine or tobacco.


When I first started podcasting, opening an online store is something I knew I needed to do, but I had zero clue on where to start. Tried all these different platforms and then I found Shopify. Shopify made The entire setup process fast and easy, prompting me to do everything like set up products, create blogs and Connecticut my social media cause of Shopify. My online business runs more smoothly than ever. It's simple to manage and powerful enough for everything I need. I've tried just about every platform You can think of and Shopify is my go-to every time. Upgrade your business and get The. Same checkout We use with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash sean. That's all lowercase again, go to Shopify dot com slash sean to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash sean.


How many names were in That book do you remember? In The? In The Black book, Yeah. A bunch of 'em, but not all of them were pedophiles. But, yeah. How many were clients estimation? Probably 50 or 60. 50 or 60. Yeah And I couldn Be wrong. There were a number of names that were circled how The blank book came and My Possession can't really Get and the definitive machinations. But Alfredo Rodriguez was a house manager for Epstein and he made copies of the black book and he tried to sell it to one of the attorneys.


That were were representing some of The kids at Epstein Molested. and the attorney called the f B I and the F B I did a sting on him. And, according to the affidavit of The f B I agent, she said That The ones That were circled were ones That he felt were incriminated. And there were a number of very powerful guys. That were circled And like Bill Clinton wasn't circled, but Epstein had 25 contact numbers for him. And that's a, and that's another indication too with The Black Book is how many contact numbers that is Jeffrey.


Epstein like he only had two contact numbers for Mick Jagger. So I doubt that he and Mick did much. Although Mick Jagger is I. think according to Mackenzie Phillips, he molested her when she was I. think 12 or something. But, but I don't think that although Epstein had a couple of numbers for Jager, don don't think That, he provided Jager with children. And it's not cause didn like the Rolling Stones, it's just I with only two contact numbers. Not I haven't really seen anything where they're, they're together. So, But there's a lot of other people in That Circle and I think That That tends to incriminate I I.


think Alfredo Rodriguez I mean he was at Epstein's, he was Epstein's house manager for quite some time. So he, he knew a lot of what was going on And, then the F B I ultimately impounded The book And then I got it from some people who got It from The F B, I and it's I mean It really shows the breadth of his social connections. Now people have argued that it's kind of funny, like Mother Jones had an article where some guy called everybody in the black book And And. No one knew Jeffrey Epstein in The black book.


don Don't Know him. don don't know. Never met him. So see how they run that cracked me up. Interesting. And And Mother Jones was actually That writer was seemingly naive enough to believe that nobody in the black book knew Jeffrey Epstein Well. Let's talk about some of The stuff that has come up since We last spoke. Well, I've gotten beat on a Epstein victims' compensation fund and that's really a superlative coverup tool. There's 2 225 women have applied for settlements from The Epstein Victims' Compensation Fund.


and the fund has awarded 150 settlements. Eight women have declined. But If, you get a settlement from the Epstein Victims' Compensation Fund, you've gotta sign a an NDA, which says That You will not go after any of your other perpetrators. So it's shutting down, meaning You can't go after anybody else. You're gonna get this settlement. Anybody that was in that black book is know is off Limits to everybody who has signed Yeah. And that The Epstein Victim's compensation was started by Jordana Feldman And then David Boies. And David Boyz is a power breaker at power broker attorney and New York Well.


He is, you know, he's a famous attorney, but he, David boy has a very, very dark side. And, We don't even know the criteria That they use for awarding settlements. These two therapists who I talked to, they, they helped their clients apply for The victim's compensation. The therapist who had the The clients that were under 10 when they said they were trafficked by Epstein. they were not awarded any kind of settlement, even though one of the kids knew a lot about The inside of Jeffrey Epstein's home.


And, both therapists who I've talked to felt That. they weren't awarded any money cause It went against The cover story. The cover story by the mainstream media is That The kids were 14. There wasn't anybody younger than 14. That's The mainstream media. So cause It went against The cover story. It, those clients weren't awarded any money from The victims And, but, and We have no idea, as I said, of the criteria that's used. I mean it's, it, it's really random And. Some get six figure settlements and some get seven figure settlements.


We don't really know I mean it's, it, it's not transparent at all. Who's And? It iss this attorney that's in charge of It, Jordana Feldman And David Bo were The architects of of the victim's compensation fund. Where's The money come from? Epstein's Estate, which has a lot of money. And, and David Boies has shown That. He's not an exemplary paragon of ethics. How so? He's quite fond of using Black Cube. The retired Masad mercenaries.


He represented Harvey Weinstein. And Rose McGowan was one of The first actresses that came out and said, you know, she'd been molested by by Harvey Weinstein. And David Bo deployed Black Cube against her and they infiltrated her life under false pretenses and tried to get her to say incriminating things. That couldn be used against her, which she didn't. I mean she ultimately figured out That. These guys were I. Don't know if she figured out they were black You, but they all ultimately, she ultimately figured out And. Then The, New York Times was writing an article about Epstein.


There were a number of reporters of it, and he deployed Black Cube against them. These New York Times reporters trying to find dirt on them, And at the same time he was representing the New York Times in a libel suit. I mean total conflict of interest, but It wasn't even a speed bump. And David, boy Theranos, Elizabeth Holmes, the Charlatan who came up with Theranos And, how It was gonna be able to take your blood and tell You everything That You needed to Know about your life. People started to attack her and they boys deployed Black Cube on them too. He was actually on Theranos board.


So this is, this is the kind of guy That we've got that's overseeing The victim's compensation, The Epstein Victim's Compensation Fund. Wow. What, when did You find out about Black Cube At some point between The, last time I was here. And, how would You describe them? Well, they're retired Maad agents. And Only Mosad agents. I I think It's, well they're onto Israel. So they might be other type of Israeli intelligence agents, but definitely retired Masad And. they do dirty deeds, but they don't do dirty deeds. Don dirt cheap.


they just do dirty deeds and they I think they charge an exorbitant amount for them. And we've got David Boce using Black Cube to protect Harvey Weinstein. and the same guy is one of The architects of the Epstein Victims Compensation Fund, which really shows pretty much out right out of The Gate that something is seriously awry with the Epstein Victim's Compensation Fund. Yeah Yeah. What so I mean? What is, how do they operate? How does Black Cube operate? Let's hear a scenario. It all depends upon.


It's, it's gathering intelligence on, on people. like they went after David Boy deployed Black Cube on these journalists that were writing an article on Harvey Weinstein And. they were just looking for dirt on them that they couldn use to dissuade them to continue writing. That article And with Rosa McGowan. they kind of infiltrated her life as like, like friends and I mean, who knows what they were trying to do with her I I mean probably trying to get her to exonerate Harvey Weinstein.


But, but she never did I mean, and she's s been pretty much banished from Hollywood, even though a bunch of women came out. She was like one of the first and the most vocal. And Harvey Weinstein had gotten away with That stuff for years. Yeah Yeah. It's you, you Know. It's don. I've kind of come to think that Hollywood, in Washington, C have a, have a certain kind of person. Gee, I wonder what leads you to believe That. But they're both It. It's kind of interesting.


Both people in Hollywood and C, it's a power thing. they, they, they have a tremendous amount of power. People in Hollywood have the power to, to really sculpt Americans' attitudes about a lot of different things. And of course, people in Washington DC have the power to make laws that govern all of us. And Hollywood, Babylon. There, there was a book written by a guy named Kenneth Anger, kind of a nasty piece of work, but he wrote a book called Hollywood Babylon. And someone needs to write a, a book called Potomac on a Sodom and Gamora on a Potomac.


I mean That's That I. think That would be a Good book. That might even be one of my next books. don Don't know. Sodom and Gomorrah on a Potomac by Nick Bryant. It'll be a Good one. But with David Bo, it's, he's handled all this litigation and these women have to sign these NDAs. So the government has worked very hard to cover up Epstein, but It cannot tell these women That That, they can't sue their perpetrators, these other perpetrators.


But If, you get money. And sign that NDA That That Victim's Compensation Fund is doing something that the government can't What. Do You think That. He has employed Black Cube on you. You know, maybe he has, I'm just kind of too obtuse to Know. I I mean I mean I know I've had one death threat, but I might've had others. I'm just, I'm I'm just too much of a, I'm too Thickheaded to I know, I know inclined towards paranoia. So You know who knows what happens.


I don know If you. If you're If you write The kind of stuff. That I'd write It. You cannot really be paranoid. That would, that'd be if I was, if I had paranoid inclination, I'd still be underneath my bad. What else have you uncovered? So what's really interesting is when David boy started taking on these clients, these Epstein victims, he immediately or quickly conscripted a guy named Stan Pottinger, who was an assistant, US Attorney General and I call him The for Gump of Coverups.


If you needed a If. you need, if the government needed a coverup, if Stan Pottinger would be there. He covered a Penn Kent state where The four students got shot by National Guardsmen. There was a tape The Justice department had a tape of those soldiers being ordered to shoot. But the grand jury, That Poter oversaw That tape was never played And. Actually That tape didn't come out until like 2005. So he covered That up and the the f B I had a program called Co Help Pro, in which it completely trampled on a rights of Americans open mail.


And it, it sent a coen. During this period, a letter was sent to Martin Luther King, who was about to get the Nobel Peace Prize. And it had I think it had like some tapes of King having an affair. and the letter, which I believe was written by William Sutherland, who was like The number three guy in the told King That. He needed to commit suicide before he accepted The Nobel Prize or these, these tapes would come out. Kereta King, his wife was called And, told about his affairs.


So it, it was really Cointel Pro was really nasty, especially like with the American Indian movement and also The Black Panthers And. There's evidence that Cointel Pro definitely contributed to the death of Fred Hampton, who was a Black Panther in Chicago. But there was a, a member of the American nanny movement named Emory Akw. and the The f B I floated information that she was an informant And she was murdered by two members of the American Indian movement cause they thought she was informant.


So the church hearings, which looked and Cointel Pro found all the stuff out about what had been going on. And they had 20,000 pages of documents. And, they'd interviewed a number of F B I agents, And Stan Pottinger was gonna come in and he was going to exact Justice And. No one got indicted. Not a single person was indicted for Cointel probe. When wow, when Stamp Inger was the Assistant Attorney General and Richard Helms, the, the C I A had a, a program called Operation Chaos, where they were also doing domestic spine.


And Stamp Poer was gonna exact Justice with that. And Richard Helms testified before Congress that he hadn't, that no Americans had been spied on. And then the church S found out That, a lot of Americans had been spied on And there mail had been opened, And other things. And. Stan Ponger was getting to The bottom of That. And Richard Helms was charged with two misdemeanors and charged. And And had to pay $2,000. And it's kinda interesting, Stan Ponger was also, he went out with Gloria Steinem for nine years.


Now she wasn't a C I S at also The founder of the American of, you know, Americans or women's liberation. I mean Steinem was getting money from the C I. Now she said that she was getting money in 59 through 61, but I found an article in a feminist magazine out of San Francisco that she was getting money from The C I A for The majority of the sixties. So her And, Stan Poncher were, were a couple And CI assets and love. What a, what a wonderful story. But when Stan re left the Department of Justice, then he became an outright criminal.


There was The October surprise where The Iranians had taken a number of hostages. And Carter was trying to get the hostages back. And, it was really making Carter look weak. And. Some people from the Reagan campaign went to The Iranians and said, If, you hold those hostages until Reagan is elected. We'll, We will sell arms to you very cheaply. It was Iran Contrare and And er was in on a, according to the president of Iran, er was in on a the ground floor negotiations of Iran Contrare.


And then, now this is kind of amazing. He is caught on tape instructing these Iranians how to best smuggle arms from The us to Iran. I mean they they got him. He is, he is on tape talking to these two Iranians about it. And lo and behold, The department of Justice loses The tape. So, and that paragon of integrity, Rudolph Giuliani was overseeing the case. So Stan I mean, and that's treasonous I mean to facilitate armed sale to a, to an enemy.


I mean that's, that's outright treason. But er walk. So here is the guy That David Bo conscripted to help with all this litigation. And And. It's very obvious that Ponger has had a background in intelligence. And Epstein was an intelligence op. So essentially what you've got with Ponger is you've got an intelligence app being covered up by an intelligence app. Wow. How do You find the stuff out? What do you go digging for this I just It just kind of comes to me.


I don know it's I It. It's interesting when You, when you're investigating something and you know what The truth is, or you have a kind of an approximation of the truth, you can generally find stuff that's gonna corroborate it. If, if you're actually on a truth. And that's what I've Don for my entire career is I felt where I, where I felt like I was onto the truth, then The information just falls.


I mean You. Gotta dig. Do you have a lot of people coming to You as well? I, do I mean you've been out there now for a while? I. Do Yeah I mean some of them are, you know, need some psychiatric help. I Was wondering how do you decipher through That? It's tough. cause of the stuff is way out there. And although people are describing something that's way out there, sometimes you never Know, Well, Hey. We've seen lots of things Yeah that are way out there in the past four years. That. So that's true. And I mean I never thought I'd be talking about UFOs. And aliens, And shit. I'll tell You That much here. We are With, It's kind of interesting.


There was a point where I can remember The Franklin scandal got published in 2009, 2010 And. I'd put everything I had and it I I I put all the chips on a Franklin scandal. And my girlfriend of five years had left me and I had a beautiful one bedroom in the village and the price got amped and I I couldn no longer afford It. cause didn put, I'm one of those guys with Life I know I, I Know. I'm not really a gambler.


like I'll gamble a hundred bucks over the course of an NF L season. But I'll certainly gamble my career. And, and when The Franklin Gambler got published ahead about a year's worth of money, And I thought I can get something Don in a year. And I had a lot of friends that were in The Media in New York. Only one guy tried to help me, The rest shunned me. I went to LA and tried to sell It. And I came really close, but I wasn't able to sell it. So at the end of that year, I found myself, I'm not a plan B kind of guy. I moved to New York City with like don don't Know 15 or 20 grand and I started my I I mean I.


I'm from Minneapolis, I I had a lot of stuff published in Minneapolis. So by the time I got in New York, I'd You know I'd had a I, had a pretty Good portfolio. And I moved. and this studio apartment, That I called the Cave cause it had no light, it had windows, but then there was a wall right next to the windows. So I mean I had to open The door and look outside to see You know if it was raining or sunny or, or whatever. So I was living in the cave. And I. My rent was like $750 or something like that. And I thought to myself, should I get a part-time job or should I just go for It?


And I just said, well I'm I'm just gonna go for It. So I just started and this is before the internet with email and stuff like that. So I just started. I had little packets. That, I'd put together my clips, And, then I'd and Priority Mail and I I, I'd send them out. And I didn't have a plan. B, if that didn't work out, I mean I was gonna end up in the park. So there, there was a strong incentive for me to to to make that work out. And I had a pretty Good job in academia that I I just kind of walked away from. Well, I mean it was kind of mutual. think think that was very secure.


But I I just, I'd reached a point where I I didn't, It I just wasn't compatible with it. So I The plan, B The plan A, there was You Know move to New York. And And. If I didn't succeed, I didn't have a plan. B. So when The Franklin scandal was published, I just thought I know to make plan a work. And. cause I'm not a plan B kind of guy, but Plan A did not work. And I found myself living in a hobble in Brooklyn. Wow. And now don don't have anything as Brooklyn, but I was there for about a year.


And It was, That was kind of a, a hard time for, cause didn had to kind of restart my career. Gotcha. And one of my friends who was kind of a big shot at network, he was the only one. That apologized to me, I said Nick, I'm really sorry. You, you know I, couldn have been a better friend to You when You went through all those difficulties. Yeah. So one of my friends in The Media, one was that That's it said You know I mean I'm, I'm sorry that I banished you for my life. Man Man.


Well I hope you stay hot on a Epstein trail. One more question before We kind of move on to p Diddy. Do do you think Epstein killed himself In The Franklin scandal? There were two primary pimps. There was Lawrence C King And. He kept his mouth shut, did 10 years and then he had a no-show job waiting for him at a B m B MW dealership in Alexandria, Virginia. And. Then there was Craig Spence who was really the blacks The the Blackmail side of things.


and the thing about Epstein and Spence, once you're, there was so much media on Epstein that he couldn not be a Blackmail artist. If everybody knows that he's, that his That is how homes are equipped with audio visual surveillance. And he's got young girls I mean people are not gonna know Wander and That honey trip. and the same thing happened with Spence. But, but both of them had a tremendous amount of media on them. Now Spence killed himself. People think that he was suicide I. think my take on Spence is that he was given the choice, either you can kill yourself or We can kill You.


And he checked and The Boston Ritz and he wore a tuxedo and he took an overdose of nortriptyline, which is antidepressant. And, and then he had a clipping next to him about CI agents being called before government bodies to testify. 'cause he was called before a grand jury to testify I think he ducked It I. Don't know whether or not he was part of that conversion. And I think Epstein The. Same thing happened with Epstein That. He had become too, th there was just too much notoriety on him. And he you Think he got The choice?


I think so. You Think they relaxed the security so that he couldn make That decision himself. Yeah I mean The thing about Epstein s like I've had some networks call me like Vice called me And said we'd like to talk to you about whether or not Epstein killed himself. And I said to me that's kind of like a red herring. cause they most important thing with Epstein is that The government is covering up child trafficking, And, all these perpetrators have molested all these little girls with impunity. That is the most important thing.


And I think that his death is a way to steer people away from that. Hmm. So I mean with Epstein if he didn't kill himself. I'm sure he had some help But Well I mean I think it's an important part of The discussion. cause it shows how corrupt our government is. Correct? And, and And what they will do to, to keep this from seeing the light of day. Well William Barn was the Attorney general And to keep themselves from being prosecuted. It's William Barn was the attorney general under Trump that covered all this up.


And That guy is really dirty Y, your viewers Google William Barr And. There's gonna be a lot of dirt that comes up about William Barr. And what's really interesting about William Barr is the Franklin scandal was covered up by the Bush one administration. That network And Richard Thornberg was the Attorney General And. William Barr was The number two guy And That And. Then ultimately Richard Thornberg went to run for senate in Pennsylvania. And then William Barr became The Attorney General and he covered the Franklin network up.


There were two federal grand juries that covered The Franklin network up one in Nebraska and one in Washington C. And then lo And, behold he's Trump's attorney general covering up The Epstein network. And. It's really interesting cause Donald Barr, William Barr's father hired Jeffrey Epstein in 1974 to teach at Dalton School. And Epstein was not qualified. He, he was a college dropout. And Dalton is one of The most exclusive preparatory schools in The world. And what's what I found. Okay, so I was looking through, Interlochen is like an art school in northern Michigan and they have a summer camp.


And I've got a picture of Epstein and And. This is where It is a yearbook, but It doesn't have any names. But there's a picture of Epstein, a young Jeffrey Epstein in 1967 And. Then there's someone that looks like William Barr or a doppelganger of William Barr attending that camp that year. And your viewers can go to my Website And I showed the pictures And then I juxtaposed The picture of what I, who I believe is the young William Barr with The old William Barr. Now Interlochen has said That. William Barr didn't attend that That camp, but It couldn't say That.


Epstein didn't attend the camp cause Epstein gave them $500,000 to build The Epstein Lodge, which is no longer the Epstein Lodge. But it's interesting. So there are those two pictures. And then seven years later, VARs father hires Epstein to be to work at at Dalton school. And I don't know if he molested any girls there, but he was certainly in, according to what I've read, he was very inappropriate. Epstein Yeah with some of The girls there. Man this shit just keeps getting deeper and deeper.


Well it's I mean. That's What I formed Epstein Justice I have seen these pedophile networks at work. I've seen them covered up. I've Don two podcasts on a snow killings, which It was a huge pedophile network. And Francis Sheldon was a wealthy guy. And, he ran it And, he bought an island, this was like an Epstein Island before Epstein And. This was in The seventies. He bought an island and had a a runway built And.


He would fly kids to the island where they'd get molested. And And. He'd make child pornography. And there were four kids that were dumped on, on highways or or roads within a like a 11 month period of time. And I think that there were a number of pedophiles in that network. That definitely knew about It. And probably participated in in killing all of them. The, The The. The The killings were pinned on Christopher Bush. And Christopher Bush ostensibly committed suicide but there was no blood splatter.


I mean The whole thing was It was really poorly staged as far as like suicide. It was kind of a ramshackle exploit. But there's that network. Francis Shelldon, nothing ever happened to him. I mean he went to Amsterdam and then he ultimately ended up at an orphanage in India where he couldn molest kids to his heart content. There's the Franklin Network, there's Epstein Network. I mean all these networks have been covered up, man. And We. We as Americans. I mean they they All of these networks, I mean We did, did You watch That movie The Sound of Freedom by chance?


Yes. I interviewed Jim Visel. they took it down, they took the video, had like I just looked it up. Y had like 1.8 million views pulled it just like no warning, no nothing too much traction on this subject. No reasoning. they just pulled it down. I I mean that. So with Epstein, Alexander Acoa was the US attorney for the District of Southern Florida. And he had a list of 36 Epstein victims. I have The list and he was gonna impel a grand jury to go after Epstein.


But he was told to stand down 'cause Epstein was intelligence. And And I believe that constitutionally, there are only two people that can tell a US attorney to stand down. One is The president, one is the attorney. General I mean The message can be delivered by The president or The Attorney General. But It has to emanate from one of those two positions. So that is very telling of how much power is there to cover up Epstein. According to state And, federal law enforcement, not a single child was molested by the pimps. That ran The Franklin scale, not a single child.


And then when you get and The snow killings, It gets kind of mind boggling cause there's a number of people, there were pedophiles that were arrested. And polygraphed about the snow killings, And, a bunch of them came back negative or, or a bunch of them came back. That, they were lying about that. And then there was mitochondrial DNA found in someone's car of one of the kids. But After Christopher Bush wa com ostensibly committed suicide, That was It. That was the end of The investigation, That that a task force was formed and they, they didn't make one arrest Man.


So this is something that We have to take care of. Last time I talked about last time I was here. The C d C, centers for Disease Control says That. 25% of underage girl, underage girls have been molested and 5% of underage boys n Now most people believe that underage boys is way underestimated, but right there there's 50 million Americans If you. If you're talking 25% of women and and 5% of men, it's 50 million Americans that have been molested as underage boys or girls Yeah.


So this is a huge problem. That We have to deal with. And. It's difficult to know how many kids are trafficked, but I've seen some numbers. That look relatively strong. That indicate like 300,000 kids. That are trafficked in The United States. And where there's a misnomer with people is That. they think That like they Mexican kids or Eastern European kids. That's not the case. 85% of children That are trafficked in America or American children. Man That is very painful to hear. But Nick, let's, let's take a quick break.


Sounds Good. When We come back, we'll We will dive and P Diddy and the Connecticut between him and Epstein.


Okay, I want to introduce You to a company called bunkr? bunkr is an app developed by American Patriots with over 30 years in information security. bunkr is designed to help protect you and your family from cyber threats, including criminals, big tech And, government surveillance with bunkr You Get secure messaging free from surveillance. bunkr connects you with only trusted contacts who can reach you. You also get secure file storage by storing crucial documents s like mortgages or family photos securely with The. Option to scan physical documents directly and the app and You also have a password manager to help manage your login credentials safely. bunkr tools help prevent identity theft, financial loss, And more It even works without wifi or cellular service. Bunkr believes That, everyone should be able to communicate in private and have access to bank level security in their daily lives. For that reason, they are even offering family And Friends you invite to sign up for free for a limited time. Download bunkr now from the App store, play store or Visit. Their Website bunkr life. That's bunkr B U N KR life. USE CODE SR S for 25% off making It less than a dollar a month. Download bunkr today


folks, there's a great deal right now to help motivate you to take action And, improve your sleep. My friends over at Helix are offering all of my listeners 20% off their entire mattress line. You, see that I've been on a road traveling a lot this year and I always look forward to coming home to my own bed and getting a great night's sleep. Hotels can be great, but I always cannot wait to get back to my Helix mattress. My wife and I spent time searching for The right fit for our lifestyle and Helix mattresses made. Its super easy. And just a few minutes, The Helix team learns about your sleep patterns. And recommends The right mattress for you. So You get The perfect match from The position, You sleep in to your body type or your unique needs. Helix will recommend the right mattress for You Visit Helix sleep.com/ss to start your match today. And as I said, they're offering 20% off to my listeners. That's Helix sleep.com/ss.


Listen up. No matter who wins the election, I'm still buying GOLD and Silver. We're $35 trillion in debt and We have a government That. None of us trust. So try to protect your money while you still can. Go to sean likes GOLD dot com. You'll learn about The top rated Precious Metals Company, GOLD co And, how they can help you. They're a great company top rated over 6,005 star reviews and tons of awards. And, they support The Show And for my listeners. You can get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. So if you're worried about your money losing Valued or You, just wanna buy some precious medals That. You can physically hold onto something that is real that's s been around for thousands of years, Goldco can help. So go to sean likes GOLD dot com. That's Sean likes GOLD dot com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


Alright Nick, we're back from the break. And, We just covered a whole bunch of Epstein stuff. What do You got on p Diddy? That's the latest thing in the news. Sounds like there may be some type of a Connecticut there. Let's just start at The very beginning with him. So Pete Diddy, he's an interesting story. He, his dad was a drug dealer who got shot. I've been told It Wa The contract was sanctioned by Frank Lucas, but I'm not sure And. Then his, he And, his mom moved north of New York City.


And I believe he went to Howard for a couple years and he dropped out And. Then he did various things for various record companies, And. Then in 1993, he and Clive Davis founded Bad Boy Records. Clive Davis. How do you describe Clive Davis? There's an infomercial about him now, which is a document. It's, it's s been called a ary and it makes him look like this benign octogenarian that's helped all these rock stars with their careers. But people in the music industry really don't like Clive Davis, most of them. and the, his criminality is kind of amazing.


He, he got busted. He is been for filing false tax returns three times and then defrauding The I R S three times he was involved in the biggest payola scandal. That's when record companies give money to radio stations to play their songs. He was part of the biggest Paola scandal of all time at as president of ABC Records. And. Then there was a general vay crime guy named Pasal, found C. And he got busted smuggling 22 pounds of heroin and The United States. And they just sw and started digging and him, and they came across all these shell companies that he headed.


And Clive Davis was, was funneling money from ABC records to these shell companies. So I've just told you about two decades worth of criminality by Clive Davis. And That guy has not spent one night in jail. That's what's s amazing about him. So in 1993, I think he takes p Diddy by the hand And, they get on a yellow brick road. And, PDD has been engaged in all kind of criminal behavior, but nothing has come out. And I believe for Clive Davis, this is just my surmise for a guy to do, commit as many felonies as he, as he's committed and not spend a day in jail.


I believe he's working for the government on, on some level as an informant. I mean, who knows, but so he in An informant for what, what makes you think he's working for That government? I would say like an informant for the f B I or For what, what would they be collecting? I mean A guy in that position, I'm sure has quite a panoramic view of certain types of corruption. And criminality. Where in what realm? In in, in the music realm. The. Do You think the FBI's actually interested in the music realm. Yeah I mean there's all kinds of laws on a books about what people couldn like The payola scandal.


It's against the law for people to give money for record companies to give money to radio stations. And, who knows I mean? I've heard That. That's still going on. But The f B I might want, it's, it's difficult to know. I mean the f B. I might want to enforce That law or I Mean The. Fb The Epstein stuff totally makes cents to me. It totally makes cents how that guy would be in intelligence in, in holding all as many us politicians and elites as it as they possibly can with Blackmail. That makes perfect cents to me. I'm not familiar with this. Man I don't I don't think That That would be on a same level.


you know, and I'm not, I'm I have no idea. This is the first I'm hearing about this. So just take whatever I'm saying with a grain of salt. But It does, It seems very low level compared to the Epstein stuff. Well, the thing about Clive Davis and What I am suspicious of Clive Davis is how do You commit that many felonies and not spend a a a day in jail? Yeah, I mean that doesn't make any cents to me. Yeah And then he, he gets busted committing felonies, And, then he gets like a, the next great record executive job, and then he gets busted doing something else, And. Then he gets the next great record job e executive job. So I think That The.


Only way that You can commit those kind of felonies and not spend a night in jail is if you've got something worked out. Do you think they're holding him? Do you think he may be some type of an informant to Blackmail artists and, and, and messaging whatever narrative they want in the public eye? It's, it's through musicians. It's Difficult to know. But people think of The power, That musicians, rock stars have, That's kind of what I'm getting at I mean. So I can't remember The numbers, but they You know. they say Taylor Swift, couldn couldn couldn influence a an enormous percentage of The US population in an, in an election.


And so that's What. I'm asking You know. I'm not a hundred percent. Actually I have no idea who Davis is affiliated with, what kind of musicians he's affiliated with. The Biggest names As in who Other than Bruce Springsteen. I mean, okay, I mean people like that. He's, He's launched a lot of, So he couldn be ma blackmailing elite musicians to message particular narratives for f B, I C, I A That's The thing. I just don't Know I mean. But how does a guy commit That many felonies and not spend a day in jail?


That is what I with Clive Davis. That's what I've been trying to get my mind around. and the only thing I can think of is he's an informant of some kind. I mean If. you or I got busted defrauding the I R S just once. We'd probably have to spend some time in jail. Oh, Yeah I mean they put Bernie Kerick in, in, in prison for, was it tax evasion for paying an and Yeah for paying his nanny cash? That's, that's tax evasion. So how does this guy I mean? How does everybody pay I mean? You know, everybody who has long care service are those That on a books Yeah.


You know what I mean? Gimme a break. So How does the guy get I mean? He is, he's defrauded. He's s been busted De frauding the I RS three times I mean And filing false tax returns three times. So how does It And then that's not even getting, and the payola and the shell companies That, he's hooking up with the Genovese guy. I just don't understand how That guy doesn't spend a day in jail. Yeah And I don't understand how there's a documentary about him. Well, like I kind of understand That that makes him not to be this benign octogenarian only Rea I'm The. Only reason I'm asking is I'm just curious. What do you think That intelligence agencies would get outta having him on a books other than The?


Only thing that can come to mind my mind is messaging. Messaging like Rockstar have a tremendous amount of power. And I mean who knows with Clive Davis. I live in New York City and You know some people in in the music industry and they look at him as like the Antichrist I mean Really Yeah. There there's this infomercial, AKA documentary about him that as I said, makes 'em look as a kindly Arian. But the The people, That I Know in The music industry do not hold Clive Davis in very high regard.


And in 1993 he hooks up with P Diddy and they launched Bad Boy Records, which becomes this unbelievable success. Now P Diddy has been getting away with all kinds of stuff. There was That shooting That, he walked from Shine, took the fall for It And. We've seen some clips of him beating on women. I mean that's pretty standard operating procedure for him. But now there's eight lawsuits that have been filed against him for sexual assault. Didn't he skip The country immediately after his place was busted?


Well, He was going to skip The country. He didn't But I think he stayed in Florida. I and I couldn be wrong there. But he's got these eight lawsuits. Two of them are minors. Two of The women that are suing him were minors. When he molested them And, he, he, he molested them in in a very brutal manner. How so? Well they were minors and he was very forceful. And then The fifth lawsuit has been filed by Little Rod who also claims That he was sexually assaulted. But he said, and this is where a lot of The traction is coming from in The media.


He was talking about like Cuba Gooding Jr. And other people being in on p Diddy's sexual sexcapades or sex escapades. And, but Little Rod said That p Diddy was trafficking minors too. So we've got three accounts of PD trafficking minors and his houses in LA were searched. And and Miami And And, there was hidden cameras, And, Homeland Security. It's kind strange.


Homeland Security was were of The people that like spearheaded the investigation. It's usually the F B. I That does That. Homeland Security does have a human trafficking division. So it's entirely possible. That, it's on a up and up. But I'm not quite sure. cause That those search warrants emanated from The Southern District of New York. And What would The Southern District of New York send em Know, execute search warrants in La And also Miami What. Wouldn't they just have the US attorney for, for Los Angeles or Miami execute those search warrants and the fact That they emanated from the southern district.


That The US attorney there is Damien Williams. And Damien Williams. cause it's Damien Williams. We Know. The Fix is in And. This is the nexus between Epstein Damien Williams is The Nexus between Epstein And and p Diddy. Interesting. Williams was the one. Okay, That the trial of Maxwell. There were four Epstein victims that were called to testify. Now those victims had only been molested by Epstein And Maxwell. they had not been molested by any of the power brokers. That was a very carefully choreographed trial. And you know, a woman who covered That trial for a media outlet, And, she agreed with me That.


It was very carefully choreographed. And Damien Williams oversaw That. He was a US attorney. That oversaw that That That trial. And And. He, he made sure that no one couldn be indicted other than Maxwell And. So now he's in charge of The PDD investigation. And he interesting And. He's ostensibly, well he, he, there's a grand jury now that's s been impaled to look and The PDD investigation. So with grand juries, a special prosecutor is chosen for a grand jury. And grand jurors are just people that have shown up for jury duty.


And have been called to a grand jury. So special prosecutors can really twist the opinions. And minds of grand jurors cause only The evidence that the special prosecutor wants shown And. Only the The witnesses that The special prosecutor calls. That's, that's the information that the grand juror get. like the Epstein grand jury in Florida, which The documents were The testimony was released about three weeks ago. And It really showed how corrupt it is there. That special prosecutor, the assistant to the special, she's calling this girl who was molested by Epstein when she was 14. It was testifying when she's 16 like a prostitute.


I mean You Know and And That grand jury did not indict Epstein on a single count of child abuse. So now We have Damien Williams The US attorney for the Southern District And, who is considered the to be The most powerful federal law enforcement officer in New York. The Southern District is, that's kind of like a special position for people. And We know that Damien Williams is overseeing this. P did e grand jury like and whatever's gonna come out of it. I believe the fix is in I. think p did might get it indicted that that grand jury has been in impounded I think for about a month.


I think p Diddy might get indicted I think some people, maybe one of his kids might get indicted. But P Diddy had what he called freak off parties. And What was that? P Diddy had what he called freak off parties. Freak off parties Freak, freak off parties, Yeah where they, they would just be like a Bacca alien orgy essentially. And politicians went to those parties, celebrities went to those parties. Sports stars went to those parties and he had That hidden audio visual Blackmail thing going on. like Epstein, like Craig Spence, And, I.


Just wonder, getting back to Clive Davis, did he get and That via Clive Davis or did he just come and It by himself? But again, is p did he gonna be blackmailing? cause Pete Diddy dealt with some unbelievably powerful people. Can p Blackmail those people by themselves? Or is he blackmailing for some kind of covert entity? Interesting. That's, that's The question. But The fact, That We got Damien Williams overseeing his investigation. It It reached a point with P Diddy where the, there were so many sexual assault lawsuits getting filed against him that something had to be Don.


And all this was coming out about his beating up women And, there was a president of Bad Boy records that they took a baseball bat too. I mean he's just a nasty piece of work. And I think it reached a critical mass where something had to be Don. So Colin, Damien Williams, he's covered up Epstein now he's gonna be covering up he Diddy. Yeah. That is a interesting commonality between the two For sure. And here's another nexus.


Damien Williams. His parents were Jamaican and he got a grant from The Daisy and from the and Daisy Soros Foundation to go to I. think It was Yale Law School. I think they got like $90,000 from him. And, that's Paul Soros is The brother of Peter Soros. And what's what I find now this couldn be something really ominous or It. couldn just be a very strange coincidence on a board of The. Paul And. Daisy Soros Foundation is Peter Soros, Paul Soros son and Peter Soros nephew.


And he is circled twice in Epstein's black book. Not just once but twice. So is there something really ominous that's going on there or is That just a coincidence that, that Damian Williams gets this huge grant from the Paul and Daisy Soros Foundation and Peter Soros is on a board. And Damien Williams just goes on to cover up Epstein. These are one of those things that Y, you never know, but it's certainly quite a coincidence that, so there's a couple of nexuses there between Epstein and P Diddy, although Damien Williams is certainly the common denominator.


Do you know what politicians went to the parties? Is there any documentation of that? There is I mean A number. Where would, where would people find That documentation? It's, it is coming out on a internet And. Various news organizations Is It real I? think so. I mean don. I'm sure That, some of it's just salacious bullshit. But I'm also I mean. There were a lot of people that P did E suck and his orbit and it's entirely possible that they were blackmailed Yeah.


Wow. Cause he had those hidden cameras and a lot of powerful people, And miners, We were talking about that before. If you're drinking And, there's a minor And You. think she's not a minor. You couldn use That. I mean It just right there. You know I mean now I I don't know I don Man. It's just so, it's tricky. Well I mean it's tricky. It is. You go to a party maybe you don't Know what's going on.


You see a a a what You think is a woman with a drink That automatically would make You assume that she's 21 years old. Oh surprise she's not. And We got you on camera. And. That's the thing with p Diddy. cause Damien Williams is overseeing this. We're not gonna really know. I mean eventually stuff will come out about PDD like it has, but I don't think That, there's gonna be a tremendous amount of Justice. There never seems to be when it comes to kids. And what I find kind of startling is I'm The only guy that's put together the Damien Williams nexus between the two I.


I've never heard anybody else talk about Damien Williams. I mean people talk about like this guy or that guy And, how all this salacious bullshit. But I've never heard Damien Williams mentioned in any coverage that has anything to do with p Diddy. I mean there was, there was, it also seemed like he had a a mean very addicted to power And control. cause there are also, and correct me if I'm wrong, these may be rumors, But I, think It has come out.


I mean, wasn't he having junior artists sodomize him on camera, And and And such? Yes. And then he was also Bill Cosby Women too, Giving Them roofies. What was so That? But that was That was all power and control. You'll never leave this record label I Own your ass Yeah. You're gonna sodomize me right here or on camera or this all goes away. I mean is is That how it went. Now I haven't really found The particulars of it yet, like That.


But it wouldn't surprise me. I mean when we're talking about P Diddy, we're talking about a thoroughly reprehensible individual. And Little Rod in his lawsuit says that one of the rappers had a fight with p Diddy And, his son And. they went and The bathroom and the shots rang out and the rapper was shot. And P Diddy told Little Rod And some other people to, to move him outside of The studio. And say That, he'd been hit by gunfire from a drive by shooting And.


Actually, It was reported in La That. He was hit by gunfire from a drive-by shooting. And here's The The thing with That. How are cops gonna not be able to differentiate someone shot at point blank and then shot by a drive-By shooting I? mean That would be pretty easy Yeah To, to show the difference. But that's how it's down. It's, it's down. And according to The mainstream media, it's down as a drive-by shooting And nothing happened. And what's really I find troubling, shocking.


His head of security Muhammad was the head of security for Michael Jackson. So there's a guy, free Muhammad, there's a guy. That knows how to keep secrets. You Know. It is. It is and it is Man. These aren't coincidences. I. Well I mean Y. You You there. You reach so many coincidences that You know I mean. What can You extrapolate? That. But I would say that Muhammad is a guy that free Moham is a guy. That knows how to keep secrets.


And, he is also from my research a a great fixer he is got really Good connections in The Los Angeles police department, And La Sheriff The kind of connections that would enable someone who is shot at point blank range. And then it's reported that they're shot by a drive-by shooting those type of connections to be able to pull something like that off. He's he I. Guess he's The. The a consummate fixer And. He's made a lot of money. He Bought his son, his youngest son, like a huge track of real estate near San Diego and Southern California.


Real estate is very, very expensive. So being a security supervisor for for Muhammad has been a very, very Good career. Move for him. First for Michael Jackson And. Now for p Diddy. Wow. I mean I'd like to, I'd like to Man. So You think it was an intelligence op. Again P did he Yeah?


I mean The fact That Damien Williams is involved. If Damien Williams wasn't involved, I would be kind of agnostic. But The fact that Damien Williams is involved shows me That The coverup is being orchestrated from on high And with the Epstein case. As I said earlier, Alexandra Acosta, the US attorney was told to stand down. And, there's only two people that can tell a US attorney to stand down. And that's The president. and the attorney general Damien Williams is a US attorney The most powerful US attorney in New York.


And, he's already choreographed one trial. And. Now with this grand jury, I mean who knows what these grand jurors are listening to. I'm sure that I mean if he did, he doesn't get indicted on anything. I'll be kinda shocked. But I don't think we're gonna see many other maybe. Maybe his kid might get indicted. You don't think we'll see a list? There's not I don. Very similar that we're not gonna see a lot of powerful people get indicted. That should be indicted. like with Epstein, there should have been a lot of people indicted. But with P Diddy and there should probably be a lot of people indicted. But we're not gonna see cause of We know who is in charge of The grand jury.


So chances are it's gonna be a very corrupt grand jury. It's gonna serve us a ham sandwich. Man. That's sad. Any I mean? How was he, is there any news on how he was recruiting these women, these girls, how he was coaxing 'em men. He was, he was getting a lot of escorts for sure. I mean he was big on escorts. And I don't. He was like The. Two minors. That filed The lawsuits. He just was able to get them and his clutches with his fame And his power.


and the girls were naive And. they didn't think That, they were going to see a monster. they thought they were going to see his Holiness p Diddy. And then they were in for quite a awakening. What are they saying? He forcefully raped them. And one of them pretty It was pretty ugly for sure. And and Little Rod says multiple minors.


So we've got the The lawsuit, two lawsuits launched by minors. But then Little Rod said there were, there were multiple minors. And That made him very uncomfortable when he voiced his reluctance to P Diddy to be part of these minors. And P Diddy just kind of said, shut up and go with it. And those are The kind of people that We have ATO The music business, don I. I'm sure that there's gotta be some Good people. But I think that there's a lot of Clive Davis', And p Diddy that are in our entertainment. Yeah That are involved in our entertainment.


Yeah Yeah Yeah. Hollywood doesn't. Hollywood seems to be worse. You Know, Hollywood, Babylon. I Know that I haven't been able to sell a Franklin Scandal documentary in Hollywood. I mean I've tried like 40 times and I mean I've met with, I've met with so many different guys. Hey, would you guys mind just exposing yourself? Let's make a movie about it. But what's really interesting is a number of times I've gone as like a vice president has really been and It And, then they go to the president, whether It be a network or a platform And, then he or she vetoes it.


So there are people in La That would or show biz that would like to see a Franklin man Scandal. Docuseries. But We just haven't been able to. And it was optioned by Magnolia Pictures for three years. And We had some really high powered people pitching It And We. Still couldn't get people to bite, man. So that's s been kind of tough trying to sell a a docuseries on on my book. Yeah Yeah. Well, let's get in. Is there anything else We need to cover with P Diddy?


No, I'd, I'd like to talk a little bit about Epstein Justice though. Let's do it. Last time I was here, I was talking about Epstein Justice and We hadn't been granted. 5 0 1 C three status. But now We have And Epstein Justice is, we're really gaining a lot of momentum. We've got a very Good advisory board of some of the, some very eminent people in the non trafficking world. Our part of our advisory board, we've got a, a really Good staff.


And on August 17th, we're having our first forum, we're calling them forums and it's going to be in Dunlap, Iowa. And. What we're doing is We were initially We wanted to get a lot of people to show up in Washington d C. But we're building an infrastructure And after Dunlap, Ohio. It's gonna be Houston. And we're gonna start having these forums where We can bring people together. And what We want. And we've got a newsletter now too. And, what We want is people to take The initiative of wanting to put on these forums themselves.


And then We will help them with that. cause We have to make a stand with Epstein We cannot let the government cover up child trafficking, We, We just have to make that stand. And a lot of people are aware of Epstein. When you've got a disease, there's three facets. There's awareness, there's acceptance, there's action. A lot of people are aware of, of Epstein. But the acceptance part that the government covered up, now that is something that I talk to people.


And, they're not even aware of That. So I think That. When We reach a critical mass of acceptance. We'll ll be able to have action at that point. And I realized we're going against The grain. But. I think that the government covering up shallow trafficking, I really believe It is The only issue. That can unite The. Right? and the left at this point, The right and the left are so polarized about everything. Yeah except children being molested with impunity I don't know if that's necessarily true. Nick I don't know if that's true.


Well, What are, what are your thoughts? Well I mean You. See The You See the left And. What are they doing? They're, they are making pedophilia normal again. There's not normal again, they're making It normal. they don't want to, we're not, and they don't want You to call 'em pedophiles anymore. they want you to call 'em maps. Minor attracted persons. This is a real thing. No, no, you Know this is a real thing. I follow the stuff. But that's s like a very small part of The. Left Is It though. Yes, It Is Is It Yeah. cause didn don't see anybody on a left calling this shit out. I haven't seen one person on a left say this is up.


No You know what I see I see a bunch of complicit people. Maybe they're complicit cause they want That to happen. I mean You. See all the politic we're just talking about all The politicians, That are that have Blackmail over 'em. That We didn't We that That You haven't even named. And I'm not, I'm not trying to polarize anything here. I'm just calling out what I see and what I see is the left not doing anything to protect kids. We are doing sex changes to eight year olds. Well We are calling pedophiles minor attracted persons, and I don't see anybody and not one person on that side of the aisle doing a damn thing about it.


Correct me if I'm wrong, I. think, okay, on my advisory board or the Epstein Justice advisor board, We have people, That are progressives, We have people, That are conservatives. I I wanted a mix of everybody. I think that's smart. And the people that are on our advisory board and And other people, I, Know in The, anti-trafficking community, And, you know a lot of people in the anti-trafficking community, they all think that's crazy what you're talking about. they think it's completely insane. I, don't doubt that there's a segment on a left. It's kind of like with I mean. I'm hoping you can name somebody that is actually standing out against this on a left.


'cause I haven't seen It. I. Th there's it's s like Q Anon. I mean you Know in Washington. Now are You aware of this in Washington state? they can. Now the state can take your kid If. you don't If you do not want them to get, what, what do they call It? Gender affirming care or something. The state will will take your kid Well. That wokeness. Okay, Now that's an entire state. That got voted in The The wokeness. I agree with You. It's gotten insane completely. But there's a lot of people on a left that think it's insane.


It's s like Q Anon on a right, where the Clintons are satanists And, they're trafficking their children and they're gonna to eat them. I mean Q anon was pretty far out there. And that is the problem is That people on a left think everybody's qan And people on a right think everybody on a left is about woke. And most people that I I live in New York City, which is kind of the epicenter of liberalism. And most people That, you know, That are on a left think it's completely insane. Then how does the stuff keep passing I mean? How did qan I mean?


When you get zealous people, QAN isn't turning and law this shit is turning. and law I agree with that. And I I think cause didn Know some pretty big liberal pundits, And, they're kind of afraid to touch this. But it is getting rolled back. Men. It's getting to The point where men couldn identify as women and be thrown in women's prisons or jails. And, that's s been outlawed and men participating in women's sports.


I mean I mean it went that far. It got That crazy, but now it's, it's The. The pendulum is coming back and I think that that That will eventually reach some kind of equilibrium. I I do believe that But I think it's a misnomer to think that everybody on a left is behind that I is is cool with what I don't, I don't believe everybody on a left is behind That. All I'm asking is What is nobody on a left standing up for these kids. And but they are standing up for pedophiles.


they are standing up for pedophiles. Silence is I mean. It, it's, they're not saying anything. They're not standing up for the kids. They're kids. They're kids. Know there Are, you know, there are people, This is some shit We couldn actually do something about right now. Right now, all they have to do is vocalize that they are not for this and don't vote for this shit. But they continue to vote for It, And and Yeah. I'm sure That, there are people out there on a left. That.


I mean I I hate that We even have to have this discussion. I'm sure there are people That That vote left that are that, that That are against this. But they sure as hell aren't saying anything about It. I, Know feminists, That are completely appalled by It. Far left feminists That are completely appalled by it. Especially it, they think that it's like a, a men's right movement cause of men being identifying as women and being allowed to I mean.


and the th that that has not happened a lot where men have identified as women and ended up in jails. And raped women. I mean That. It's happened, but It hasn't happened a lot. And then You had Riley Gaines The swimmer coming out and saying, this is, this is insane. That men are competing as women. And That. She she's s been listened to I mean, that's, that's changing. An so I think the pendulum swung pretty far to the left. But I think I think it's coming back as We. look at and throughout history, We see pendulums swing to the left and then ultimately swing back.


And I think that that's kind of what's gonna happen here. Yeah. Well, I hope you're right. I do too. You know 'cause I mean I. I I I I I have I mean I have some left-leaning views. I do, but I just I can, I can. When I see headline after headline, it just came out again. Yes, a couple days ago in California. What did you see? That? No, It Man. What was The headline? I gotta We might have to pause it. And look It up. But it was, it was Oh. It was teachers And.


This is, this is teachers what was It. Now teachers basically don't have to inform the parents if the kid is, if a child is wanting to change sex basically is what the bill has to do with, but I I mean it is just, the point I'm making is Yeah I mean. There is, there is crazy shit on a right too That that annoys me. But it's not, it is not. It's conspiracy shit like You were just talking about. It's not law.


It's not harming children. It's not standing up for pedophilia. And and And And trying to normalize It in society and that, that that I mean I have kids. And. That really bothers me. Really bothers me. To me, there is nothing more evil in this world than to, than to sexually assault little kids. Yeah. I mean that's I. think I don't know how anybody can be behind That, but they are. But, but I mean it's s like nambla. It's, it's a very small percentage of people on a left.


they are not gonna, pedophilia is not gonna be legalized Well. They're making a hell of a lot of ground. Th There are people That are trying, but that's come up occasionally over the years. And it's not gonna be able to, That will not happen. I was hanging out with Know in Tennessee. I'm visiting a couple old friends of mine. they, and they've got three kids and the husband is fairly conservative. The wife is fairly liberal. The kids are pretty liberal. And, We. Were just talking about this last night at The dinner table. And I said to them, what do you guys think about And?


And these are, they're, What do You think about what, which, which one are We talking about? I, I'm Talking about The kids getting sex exchanges. And they're pretty liberal. I mean they, they all go to very Good schools, but they're, they're they're liberal kids. And and I said I I kind of started out The conversation. I said, I don't see how people, it's a hell of A dinner conversation. Nick, It's Well. We were drifting in that area. Yeah. And then I figured You Know my, it was before dessert. So Hey by The way, what do You guys, So I said to them when I was 12 or 13 years old, old I had no idea of who I was.


So how couldn I even begin to try to find my I I I mean even think about something like That. And those three kids agreed with me. That, these are issues that shouldn't be involved, that kids shouldn't be involved. And. they, they've gotta be 18, at least 18. And I, I I think that there's a lot of people, That don't even know who they are when they're 18. I mean there's a lot of people that don't know who they are when they're 40. But definitely when I see people under 18 giving hormone blockers, it I I find it truly repulsive.


But again, I, think That, most of The people on a left find That repulsive too. I really do What, do You think they don't vocalize it. I Know That. There's some left-wing pundits that You know That are concerned about various issues. And they don't want to be to deal with That type of an issue. They're, they're concerned about the Ukraine war, the The war in Gaza. And. they don't want to be bogged down by That particular issue. So Yeah, they're more concerned about foreign wars.


Yes, yes. That We probably should not even be involved with rather than our own kids here in this country. And I, I'd love to interview one of those pundits, I. Will We have that conversation about That I I will actually see if I can get one to talk to you. Good cause I with The anti-trafficking movement. It's pretty interesting. It's people That are religious and people That are very far left feminist. Those are The two groups. That are most prominent in the anti-trafficking movement. Anti-child trafficking movement.


And I see them coming together for this issue. And I think That, they can come together for this issue around Epstein I mean. Once people understand Epstein and Franklin and the snow murders and p Diddy, I mean it's It It just keeps coming. I mean the Catholic church, the Boy Scouts, they can that type of issue. I believe I mean I. See It now Unit unites the right and the left in the anti-trafficking movement. Anti-human trafficking movement. So I, believe That, it can happen on a, on a, on a much bigger scale.


I Hope you're right. Nick I do too. I would love to see some people on The left start taking a stand on the stuff. Even even when the call the, the Sound of Freedom came out. Remember all those headlines? Yeah, it's all conspiracy, it's all this, it's all that was all left wing media putting that shit out mean. But, you know, and the and and hold on. and the point of It is it's Hey. Whether this is cons like conspiracy or not, this shit is happening. It is happening right now. And that movie, whether it was true or not, some type of fiction based off a tr whatever It was, That was educating parents, And kids on how this happens And, how prominent it actually is in our society.


And they fucking blew it off. they made It out to be, you know, some, some bullshit That people shouldn't be watching. they tried as hard as they couldn to squash that. So That It didn't. So That It didn't gain any traction. Oh sorry. But the only thing That movie did was educate and bring awareness to what the fuck is actually going on. And they tried to squash it. Now What, do you think they tried to squash it? cause cause they didn't want the inner awareness. So What I, don We, but We are talking about The mainstream media that tried to squash It. The mainstream media has tried to squash me. Is is that a right or left thing?


I don't know. I think That The left might have buy and it The sound of free B. But I Know, lots of people on a left That went to the Sound of freedom. I I do know some people on a left that thought it was gonna be Rightwing propaganda. I mean Tim Ballard given his behavior. I mean he didn't really help that issue too much. But The Media, cause for me, I've been ostracized by the right and the left media like You Know I mean there was We couldn. Go I. Don't want It to sound like I'm just leaning one way.


No, no, I I. Get it. you know what I mean Mean cause cause I, couldn, We couldn go off on a right right now. But That, it's, it's not relevant to this discussion. I was going to be okay. I told you about The C, NN where they said we're gonna go a different direction. When Sandusky was breaking, there was a younger producer at Fox that had read The Franklin gown. And she called my publisher and said that she'd like to talk to me And then. So We talked and I told her what I thought about Sandusky. And I said what You have here is an institution that just wants to perpetuate its money, power, And, its prestige. And You know it's not gonna care.


Children aren't gonna be put in second place to that. And then I talked to The senior producer for about three minutes and she told my publisher that I sounded incoherent. And that's The reason. What, she wasn't gonna And. This is Fox now. So I've been, I've been ostracized by both the right and the left Yeah. But here's the thing, I believe, as crazy as things are right now, I believe in the fundamental decency of Americans to do the right thing.


I I. I do believe in That that Americans will do The. Right thing And I. think That. There might be some Small segment of people on a left That wanna legalize pedophilia. I don't see pedophilia ever legalized I mean I, I just don't see it there. There'd be too much blowback. cause I think that Americans are fundamentally decent people. I believe that the media and We were just talking about this. I believe that The media can affect them and negatively And.


What's really interesting That I find is That 66 I think it's 66% of Americans don't trust The mainstream media, but yet they listen to it. But there's blogs and there's podcasts. I mean for me, when I was shut up in 2002, 2003, 2004, all those years, I was shut up by The mainstream media. And I didn't have really an opportunity to get my message out there about the Franklin scandal. And, and, and then about Epstein. But now I, do I mean there's a lot of outlets. s like your show I can get my message out.


I don't need The. Mainstream media I think The mainstream media is very corrupt. Regardless if it's right or it's left Six corporations churn out 90% of the media that's in by by Americans. You've got these six Titanic corporations and they couldn easily be broken up with the Sherman Antitrust Act. This is my feeling about it. I think that there's a deante between these Titanic media conglomerates and the government. cause they government couldn step in and break them up at any time.


So I think they appease each other. And, whether it be right or left, like Nick Bryant has been ostracized from both sides. I mean I. I've been getting interviewed by Newsmax lately, but I've been banished by both The, right? And left Yeah, Yeah And basic Like I said Nick, I'm not I am not saying The right's any better. I'm saying I Amm talking about this one particular issue. And I think That That issue is crazy and I think most Americans know.


It's crazy. And I think that The political correctness That was kind of incubating in the nineties, has ultimately led to this. But And that political correctness has, it's, it's a force in academia, unfortunately. And I think that what we're dealing with now is an outgrowth of That. But I also think That The. Vast majority of Americans are against It and I I, don I don't see It Yeah all, all you know is it's, it's not getting smaller, it's getting bigger.


More and more states are passing this shit. They, there're It's, it's coming in headlines. More and more and more. I mean I. Remember I, remember a year ago We were interviewing this guy Ryan Montgomery, who I think he You Know. Who? Ryan. That is Yeah. I I talked to him. Yeah interviewed this guy, Ryan Montgomery re brought up The Maps Oh. Guess what? I got labeled a conspiracy theorist again. And. Then bam, here's this article. Bam. Here's That article. This state, That state, bam, bam, bam. It's everywhere. It's ev it just came out again. You know a couple days ago, like I just said this new thing in California with the kids It.


It's, it's, you know, it's so I mean. I want believe you I, do That The. Majority of Americans don't want this. But it's, but the problem is, it's a, it's a growing problem, not a shrinking problem. And, do You think That is an outgrowth of We. We've got a, a government that's letting children get molested with impunity. Do You think that there's any kind of correlation between that and what We have here Possibly Cause didn. I've been writing about children's issues since 1990. Yeah. I've written a book about lower socioeconomic children and what I see, is it, it, it's pretty egregious.


What, what's happening to American children? Families with children are The fast growing segment of the homeless population there. Although it's gotten better. When I wrote That book that were 10 million am American children, That, were uninsured. Now there's I I think far less. But 22.5% or 22% of American children are growing up below the poverty threshold. But when you juxtapose, there was a study Don by Greg Duncan. He was a University of Michigan researcher, And, he found That. If a child is born at a low birth weight, which is generally cause of The, mother doesn't receive proper prenatal care, and they're subjected to continuous poverty for five years, if they're white, their IQ is gonna be 90.


If they're black, their IQ is gonna be 85. And millions of American children experience hunger I every month. So where is I I mean? This is where our government needs to step in and start helping children. And I. think That. A lot of Americans aren't really aware of the state of American children with what, what I see with like children being the fast-growing segment of the homeless population. Children being without healthcare insurance, I, I, I think it's kind of a wholesale destruction of our children.


And with Epstein And Franklin and these other issues we've been talking about, think, think that's kind of a retail destruction of our children. Or there's a wholesale destruction, there's a retail destruction. So I think Americans are fundamentally decent, but, but they really need edification about the state of their children. Yeah. So I mean, that's a tough question. Yeah I mean I. Ask That to myself all the time. Yeah Well. Let's move. and The Truth About Watergate Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show If, you haven't already.


Please take a minute, head over to iTunes And, leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review We read every review that comes through. And We really appreciate the support Thank you. Let's get back to the show. All right, Nick, we're back from the break. Let's talk about your new book, The Truth. About Watergate, A Tale of Extraordinary Lies and Liars. There's s been some great books written about Watergate. I mean really Good books, but they're toes And. They're complex and they have to be studied The best books about Watergate like secret agenda and silent coup great books.


The Scholarship is amazing, but You just can't pick up one of those books. And read It and fully understand what's going on. And I started looking and Watergate. When, when I was researching Franklin in DC I heard a bunch of stuff about Bob Woodward, the fame journalist. Him and Carl Bernstein broke Watergate stuff. That was very unsavory about Bob Woodward. And over the years, I've just kind of collected books on Watergate, And, I've read them.


And I concluded that Bob Woodward is line And we'll get. and it later about Deep Throat I mean It. It just doesn't make It. It just doesn't align. I mean The The physics of it. But the more and more I read it about Watergate, the more I wanted to write a book. But I wanted to write a simple book. I wanted to make Watergate as simple as possible. So it couldn be Watergate for dummies. But it's still very complex. Watergate is a conspiracy within a conspiracy, you know, I'll kind of explain that later. But it's, Watergate is so complex. There's so much misdirection going on. and the media, The media's portrayal of Watergate is And Magnan.


I mean, it's, it is an enormous lie. And with Watergate, okay, so Nixon got elected in 68 and he'd been a hawk. He'd, he'd been really an, an anti-communist hawk. He was in The house on Un American activities going after people. And. He ran for president in 60 and he got beat by JFK And. Then he ran for a California governor in 62 And, he got beat. And then he moved to New York. And thought he was Don with politics.


And, he was pretty acerbic when he got beat for governor. Racism. Pretty nasty things about The media. But then in 19, in, in 19 66, 67, you saw America becoming unglued by The Vietnam War. And all the protests And, that was like horrifying to most Americans. But to Nixon, it was a siren song. It summoned him back to politics. And Well. He had spent eight years in The wilderness. He had concluded That containment with the Soviet Union and the communists wasn't working And, he wanted to actually become a peacemaker.


And And, when he was campaigning in 68, and I'm not a Nixon apologist, he, he did some Good things, he did some bad things. But when he was campaigning in 67, he was talking about, I'm gonna be The peacemaker. And everybody thought Oh You know this is just Nixon line. And you know, it's just this cynical campaign ploy. But when he did get elected, he started reaching out to The Communist Chinese And. He started reaching out to the Russians. He wanted to do strategic arm limitations with the Soviet Union. And he wanted to open up China for diplomatic relations. 'cause once China had become communist, once Mau had defeated Chiang Kai-shek We just completely ostracized China And Nixon knew That.


He was gonna have to go up against The Hawks to do this And. He knew how much power The Hawks had. And on his I, think it's the second day he came out with National Security memorandum Decision two, which sounds kind of like a innocuous bureaucratic directive. But basically what he said is that The C I, a The Department of Defense and the State Department will have no bearing on any of my geopolitical moves. So basically it was telling the Hawks to go to hell, And. Then he took The National Security Council, which had been kind of, kind of like a think tank And. He made That, he turned that.


and something that would have bearing on his geopolitical moves. And Richard Helms, who was the head of The C I a he would allow Helms to brief The National Security Council. But as soon as he was Don briefing, he would, he would have to leave he, his persona non grata. And Nixon really disliked, hel really disliked him. And actually he thought That the C I a had burned him in The 1960 political campaign against JFK. 'cause JFK was attacking him and the Eisenhower administration for being soft on communism. Even though The Eisenhower administration was gearing up for what would be The Bay of Pigs.


And Nixon thought That The C I A had told that to Kennedy And undermined his, his run for the presidency at that point. So Nixon didn't like the C I A and he wanted to become a peacemaker. So he started making overtures to The communists, the The Chinese, and then the Russians. He really wanted to deescalate the arms race. And he was doing all this clandestinely through the Navy had this top secret communication system called SR one. He was doing it all clandestinely through SR one.


and the Hawks were alarmed. and the joint chiefs of staff actually initiated an espionage ring against the Nixon administration. It there, there was Thomas Moore, he was the head of the Joint Chiefs is an admiral. And there wa it's called The Moore Radford Affair. cause Radford was this Lly yeoman who was the liaison between The joint chiefs and the National Security Council. And Ha was the inside man for them in the na at the National Security Council. And HAG was enabling Radford to get all these top secret documents.


s like We were going to We were allies with India. But Pakistan had a dictator. That was friendly to China. So the Nixon administration, although We, And, Pakistan and Indian, were engaged at a war. The Nixon administration tacitly approved what Pakistan was doing. And then probably Admiral Moore leaked it out to the press. And there was this huge blowback. cause the, the Pakistan dictator was kinda a, a, a blood thirsty type.


But Nixon wanted to so badly to open up communications with the Chinese That that he was willing to do these things. And. So the National Chief The Joint Chiefs has this espionage ring where they're collecting all this information on what Nixon's doing. But The Nixon administration ultimately outs them. And at that point, the C I A starts infiltrating. And the guys that I mean it's s amazing how many C I people, intelligence people infiltrate the next administration. and the big thing with Watergate is the, were were, there were two conspiracies going on, but the first conspiracy was The C I A trying to bring down The next administration And.


There were a number of leaks going on, like The, The, Pakistan leak, and the Pentagon Papers and these various leaks, That. And they were driving Nixon, crazy And, Eric Liman put together a crew called the plumbers. and the rayon Dera for The plumbers was to plug leaks. And that's where the CI guys ended up is E Howard Hunt, who was a scurrilous guy. And James McCord, who was I, it's, it's kind of difficult to describe James McCord, but they penetrated the plumbers.


And g Gordon Liddy was supposedly the head of the plumbers. But McCord and Hunt, these guys were like super spooks. And they just ran circles around Liddy. they, Liddy had no idea what, what these guys were up to And then. So you've got The, C, I, a wanting to take down Nixon and infiltrating the plumbers, but you've got something else going on. John Dean, who is one of the heroes of Watergate who saw That.


He, he saw The moral turpitude of The Next administration, And came clean. And helped bring Nixon down. John Dean I mean there's some amazing liars. Extraordinary liars in Watergate. But, but John Dean is, John Dean is right up there with Woodward. And Bernstein when it comes to lies. But John, Dean's wife, Marine Dean knew or worked for a woman named Heidi Re And. Heidi Rankin ran a brothel That was a block away from the Watergate and If. you were a Democratic big shot. You go to a, there's a secretary named Maxi.


Well, at The Democratic National Committee, you would go to her and she would provide You like pictures of The prostitutes. And you would choose The prostitute That. You liked And. Then you'd go to The. The Columbia was like upscale apartments, And. Then you would go to The Columbia and then you'd have a liaison with The prostitute That you liked. But the C I was filming It. It was, it was, it was run by McCort that, that particular hunting trap. And you've got, so you've got these two dynamics with Watergate.


You've got The, C, I, a wanting to take The, the Nixon administration down. And then you've got this brothel that's Connecticut to The. DN C, that's the C I honey trap. So those are are the two big variables. And, they congeal, And A be be with you in one second after I take the sip of coffee. So Hunt and McCord And, they, they initially well hunt and Liddy breakin to Daniel Ellsberg releases The The Pentagon Papers, which show That What, what's s been going on in Vietnam is a lie that we're not making any progress in Vietnam.


So Hunt gets these Cubans who are, were our CI assets. And they break and Dr. Field's office. And then, then, then the next thing is Watergate. Now it's, it's kind of interesting. What, The Watergate was chosen. And Nixon did not order a break in and The Watergate, I don't believe Erlichman and Holman, they were number two. HR Holman was The number two guy in The next administration. John Aman was the number three guy. And. John Mitchell was The, attorney General And, number four guy. None of those guys ordered that break in. John Dean was counseled to The president.


And Jeb mcgruder was the acting boss of the committee to reelect The President John Mitchell. The Attorney General was gonna take over from Magruder. But Well Mitchell served as Attorney General mcgruder was The acting boss. And. He And Dean were The ones. That colluded together and sent those burglars and the Watergate. Hmm. And the first time they broke in The fir So they broke the, the, the water The. Democratic National Committee was on a sixth floor. and the Federal Reserve was on a eighth floor.


So McCord and four Cubans sign in like at 1130 on a Friday night to the eighth floor to The Federal Reserve, which had been burgled, And had intensified security at That Point. I mean they were trying to get busted and the security guard had had The IQ of an avocado. He couldn't put It together that these guys were about to pull off a burglary. So they went in there a second time. And, they actually told there there was a DC cop named Carls Scheffler And. He was, he, he was a C I guy, but he was also a DC guy, a DC police officer.


And one of McCord's underlings called Scheffler and said, we're breaking and the Watergate tonight. So We need, and, and Scheffler was parked two blocks away from the Watergate. He should not have been there that night. And And. Here's where The, two conspiracies come together. cause some of those Cubans, one of them, Eugenia Martinez, has The key to The desk drawer that has The pictures. And when they're busted, their photography equipment is set up on That desk.


So those were the orders by Dina mcgruder to go after that Blackmail material. And Dean knew about that Blackmail material cause his wife had been associated with that, with that brothel. But the C I a guys McCord and Hunt, they had a completely different agenda. Their agenda was to get busted. So that's what makes Watergate so complex, is you've got a conspiracy within a conspiracy. Wow. And then they got busted. And McCord and, and hunt I mean they're very intelligent guys.


And, super spooks I mean, they, they really are I mean, they're exploits are, are legendary. and the C I A and they left this breadcrumb trail right to themselves. It was amazing. I mean ch like one of The burglars had a check from Howard Hunt. I just, just really S stuff that, you know, And people say, well, It just shows their incompetence. No, it's not their incompetence. they were, they wanted to get busted. they were, they, they wanted to taint The Nixon administration. So they get busted and the Cubans really don't know what's going on cause they thought they were going in for the pictures.


One McCord and Hunt, their plan is to get busted. And that's when Watergates starts getting interesting. cause Bob Woodward, Bob Woodward graduates from Yale and he And th this is actually kind of humorous. Okay, here's The cover story on Bob Woodward. He graduates from Yale, he's accepted to Harvard Law School, but then he goes to the Washington Post and says, I would really like to be a journalist and I will work for You for two weeks.


And If, you don't like anything. I write. You don't have to pay for those two weeks. And If you don't like anything, I write. Then I I won't. You know, you guys I mean that's the cover story of Bob Woodward. So Bob Wiler ostensibly worked at The Washington Post for, or Yeah Washington Post for two weeks. And then he, he couldn't write I mean he I think he still, he definitely has a lot of co-authors. I still think he has problems writing I mean just my own personal opinion as a writer. But so Woodward is sent to The Montgomery Sentinel, which is owned by the Washington Post And. That's kind of his AA team to learn how to write And report And people Know at The Montgomery Sentinel, that he's a spook, he drives a car.


Carmen Gia. Okay, he's making $110 a week. He drives a Carmen Gia. He's staying at a very nice apartment in Washington d C. He regularly goes to New York City. I mean there's just no way that Woodward can live The kind of life that he is living on $110 Yeah. So he kind of learns how to write And. He is brought back to The, Washington Post. And then within eight months, he And Bernstein are breaking Watergate. Now Bernstein is also a pathological liar like Woodward And Ben Bradley, the ch the editor in chief of The, Washington Post.


He is also C I a and a pathic liar, pathological liar. There was a woman named Deborah Davis who wrote a book called Catherine The. Great about Catherine. She, Catherine Graham owned The Washington Post. And in the book, Deborah Davis said that Ben Bradley, the editor in chief of the Washington Post, was a C I, a asset And that he'd written C I propaganda during, after The Cold War or after The World War I. During the Cold War, And Bradley went ballistic on her. and the book was published by Har Court Brace.


And Bradley threatened them. And Har Court Brace Pulped The book And. There were a couple of magazines that went after her calling her unstable I, mean The Intelligence. People really tried to dismantle her. Wow. cause Bradley is a C. I a guy And. He is head of the Washington Post imposed. and the last thing Bradley wants is his Connecticut to The ci to come out. But what's interesting, so The book gets pulped and in The interim Deborah Davis files Freedom of Information Act stuff on Bradley.


And then It comes back that Bradley is writing stuff for the C I A So Bradley did all that to cover himself from being Connecticut to the C I A He also wants to take Nixon down. Woodward wants to take Nixon down. Bernstein doesn't really care. He's an ethical euch. He just wants money for nothing. And chicks for free. I mean he eventually blows a lot of his money on Coke. And hookers, And. He, he's quite The, quite the Seder. But, so you got Woodward and Bernstein with Ben Bradley And, they're breaking all these stories on Nixon and they're getting information That, nobody else is getting And.


Ultimately Air Liman, And Halderman, the Nixon's chief of staff. And then rum was like domestics are, they had to, they, they got tainted and they had to resign. And Alexander Hague, who had worked at The National Security Council, became Nixon's chief of staff. And Hague secretly hated Nixon for pulling out of Vietnam and, and for forging a relationship with both The Chinese and the Russians. He hated, he hated that. But they, but he was Good Sh Hag was a shapeshifter.


And. He, like he wa was originally on, on a National Street council with Henry Kissinger And. He would play Kissinger And Nixon off one another. I, mean sociopath, but really, really Good And. He ended up, he, when he was at the National C Council, he was a four star, or he was a colonel. But then Nixon ultimately made him a, a fourstar general, even though hag hated him. But he was that Good at, at Bamboozling Nixon and everybody around him. But here's the dirty little secret about Watergate. And this is Woodward's big lie.


He was briefing Woodward was a naval intelligence officer. He was briefing Hagen 69 and 70. He and Hag had a relationship. And, that's where the damaging information was coming from, was from Hag. But Woodward City didn't meet Hag till 73, which, which is, which is all bullshit. And Woodward said, mark felt his deep throat, okay? Mark felt was The associate director of The f B. I. But he got fired.


And he got fired in May of 73. And, according to Woodward, And, And, Bernstein, And, all The president's men Deep Throat would drive by Woodward's apartment every day. And. If Woodward moved the flower pot, That would mean That. He wanted to talk to Deep Throat And. they would, and Woodward take all these cabs. And be clandestine. And would meet It in a underground parking lot in Alexander Virginia. I mean it was all bullshit. Anyway. And then if Deep Throat wanted to talk to Woodward, it was like page 20 of The New York Times.


And he'd put a little clock there. Okay, so now here's where reality kind of in impinges upon The cover story Mark felt was fired in May of 73. and the most damaging information from Deep Throat came in November of 73. So we're supposed to believe that Mark felt who had been fired from the f B. I is driving and Washington C And, by the way, Woodward's balcony is facing a courtyard. So he would, he would have to go down an alley And then get out of his car and walk 50 feet and look straight up to see if whether or not Woodward had moved his flower pod for them.


So And then the, the, the page 20 The, New York Times all The like The, the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, they were all put in a pile at Woodward's apartment building. they weren't taken to his, his specific room. So that all falls apart. And Woodward rolled out, felt in 2005, And felt was very far gone with Alzheimer's. And don don't doubt That felt, gave Wilbert some information. But The most damaging information came from Alexander ha And.


There was, so, Archibald Cox was the first Watergate prosecutor, And, he was pushing Nixon very hard for taped conversations. It came out That Nixon was taping all his conversations. And that was by that was by Alexander Butterfield, who was another C I a guy. Wow. I mean he was a liaison guy between the C I a and the The army. And he lied to Halderman to get the job. So he was another C I a guy. And he was The guy. That coughed up The tapes And.


Then once the tapes It came out that The tapes were The, Nixon was making tapes of all his conversations. Then The prosecutors wanted certain tapes. So they couldn find out what Nixon knew or whether or not he was obstructing Justice. and the tapes. Nixon wouldn't surrender the tapes and he fired the special prosecutor And. Then the, like, there was a drumbeat for impeachment. And Nixon realized, whoa, You know what I just did was really reckless. And then he, he backpedaled at Mach three speed. And he had Hague hire a new special prosecutor.


So Hague hired Leon Jaworski, this big time Houston lawyer to be a, to be the new Watergate prosecutor. Leon Jaworski also got CI connections. Wow. He, he works at a Well, he's a big time lawyer, but he also works for a foundation that's funneling money to various CI causes domestically. So Hague and the, they're looking for the tapes that will incriminate Nixon and the coverup. cause shortly after Watergate, Nixon had Halderman and Ehrlichman And.


Richard Helms was The head of the C I a and Vernon Walters was The assistant director of the C. I had those four get together. And Nixon wanted the F B or The C I to qu The F B I investigation. And Nixon told, and Nixon had grilled Helms at a certain point. cause Nixon knew that the C I A had participated and the JFK hit and it's, it's on a tapes. It's actually kind of funny. There's Richard Helms and Nixon's grown him who shot John, who shot John. So Helms is very Well aware.


That Nixon knows who shot John. So you've got this meeting between Halderman and Heliman and Helms and Vernon Walters And Halderman says, you guys have gotta play our national security guard. And quash this investigation by The f B, I and Watergate. And Helm says, now we're not gonna do that And then h And. Now Nixon said to Halderman, if if Helm says no, say it's gonna bring about the Bay of Pigs thing. cause That was Nixon's kind of nomenclature for The The Kennedy hit The Bay of Pigs thing. Mm. So as soon as Halderman said, well this couldn lead and the Bay of Pigs thing, then Helms just went ballistic.


And Holmes is one of those bureaucrats. That never shows his emotions, but he just went ballistic. And started screaming, And hollering And. He goes, okay, we'll do it. And then they leave. And Helms double crosses Nixon. He doesn't do It And, which is cause Helms just wants, everybody wants. Well, The Hawks and the And And Helms is firmly a hawk wants Nixons And gone. So what happens is Hague tells Woodward about The tapes, specific tapes.


And then Hague tells Jaworski which tapes to subpoena, which, which The tapes That show like the conversation That Halderman had with, with Dick Helms. So all this information is coming from hag to both Woodward. And also Jaworski And Jaworski eventually subpoenas the tapes. That has Nixon talking about covering up Watergate. He did not order Watergate. And actually those guys did not know who ordered Watergate. they didn't realize till much later that It was Jeb mcgruder And John Dean, and the Nixon Marys was I mean.


The plumbers were engaged in some crazy stuff. So. it was easy for Magruder to come in and d Dean to come in and tell them to Burgle The Watergate. So that's kind of Watergate in a nutshell, is that there was a conspiracy within a conspiracy. Some of the burglars were going for like Blackmail material. But The The, C n I guys definitely wanted Nixon gone. And It ultimately came together. And with the Washington Post with, with Bradley and Woodward being of the same ilk as Helms and the Joint Chiefs, they, they, they all wanted Nixon Gohan.


Wow. So that's how Watergate went down. Wow. The Truth, About Watergate, A tale of extraordinary lies, And liars. and the thing about it is, as far as mendacity goes, We think of Nixon as preeminent liar, but there were far greater liars in Watergate than just Nixon. I mean John Dean was an amazing liar. And so is Bob We and Ka Bernstein And, ed Bradley I mean. Those guys told unbelievable lies. and the The thing with Deep Throat, it's, it's so absurd. When Woodward rolled out, mark felt with Alzheimer's, he went a bridge too far.


I mean at that point, I, when I realized That, there's no way that Mark fell. couldn be deep throat cause he'd been fired and there's no way he couldn have been providing That information. That's kind of That was the first thing I kind of locked onto in Watergate. Man, that is, you know, I'm not very familiar with, with Watergate. But that was extremely informative. So, well that's what We try to do at writers is I can't wait to dive. and that book, It's an interesting book. cause as I said, I try to make Watergate as accessible as possible. There are these huge tomes about Watergate and they're great books, great investigative journalism, but they're so complex.


So my goal was to make it as simple as possible. But every just about every sentence has a site. Haitian, as I said earlier, there's 2,238 citations. So And And, most of The stuff, That comes from mainstream media books where I was able to triangulate lies and then thousands of pages of government documentation. cause they truth is there It just, you just have to kind of sift through it. Yeah And I read books about Watergate for a number of years before I decided to, to write That Board Well sounds like you got to The bottom of That too.


So I'm happy with how it's s been received. No major publisher would touch it. Of course not. Unfortunately. Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, they are the Mount Rushmore of journalism and they tell so many lies. I mean they lie when they don't even need to lie. That's what's kind of amazing about them. Bernstein said that he ducked a subpoena. That, he was gonna get subpoenaed. And, he ducked a subpoena and he went, And saw the movie Deep Throat at that point, The, when he ducked That subpoena the movie Deep Throat wasn't even showing in Washington.


C. It I mean The. The lies. I mean Bernstein talks about going out to I. think it's Marilyn Virginia to to meet with The, one of the treasurers of The committee to reelect The president. And he talks about going through this hellacious rain, this hellacious storm as he is driving out there. Th there was no storm that day. I mean know it's I, mean And If, you read all The President's men, which won of Pulitzer Prize became a bestseller. And that was a movie with Robert Redford and Dust Allman.


It's fiction. It's s been embraced as reality. And you've got all these kids going to journalism school wanting to be Woodward, And Bernstein, when really there is no Woodward And Bernstein. Wow. Wow. And, It was a It was a silent coup. The coup of 63 was very problematic. Most Americans did not believe the Warren Commission report. 66% of Americans believe That Oswald didn't act alone, but It was even higher there. cause of the Warren Commission is, as Bobby Kennedy said, the Bobby Kennedy that got assassinated.


A pretty shoddy piece of work. So I think assassinating Nixon was off the table. This is how they, they, they, they felt like they had to get him out Man. But what's really interesting in 1967, cause a lot, there was a huge backlash against The. Warren Commission report. I mean And. There's it's The Warren Commission report is very problematic. And a lot of people weren't buying It. So the C I a came out with a dispatch in 1967. And It said, That, the people who can, who don't believe in the Warren Commission, we're gonna call them conspiracy theorists.


And. Then It gave a number of rationales. What conspiracy theorists are conspiracy theorists. And, and then It was disseminated to editors and people with Jews. The New York Times and the Washington Post used the word conspiracy theorist about once a year prior to That 1967 dispatch. But after That, 19 76 7, dispatch the term conspiracy theory. And conspiracy theorist just shot up exponentially and in both papers. So people just automatically think of something and they, oh, conspiracy theory Yeah, they're drinking the Kool-Aid.


Yeah still see it today. Yeah, they don't, they have no idea that they're, they're drinking The Kool-Aid Yeah. It kindess me. It, it's very interesting to see how easily people get sucked in And I think eventually Watergate's gonna be broken open. There's too many Good books about It. I mean. My book is, is a Good overview of what actually happened. And then there's s some really Good books about it. I mean really amazing. Investigative journalism has been Don with Watergate. So I, think That John Dean and Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein are really, It is only a matter of time until they're outed his liars.


they history is not gonna look very favorably on them. and the thing about Nixon And, I'm not a Nixon apologist. He did some bad things. I mean he fomented the coup The Pinochet coup in in our Chile, which Pinoche was a bad guy. He facilitated Suharto and Indonesia and then We basically gave tacit approval of Pul Pott. cause Pulpo was aligned with The Chinese. And We wanted to establish diplomatic relations with Chinese. So Nixon did some really bad things, but he also did some really Good things too. In addition to trying to become a peacemaker with the Soviet Union limit arm nuclear arms.


He tried to get Universal healthcare passed And. He tried to get a a for families with children, a minimum amount of money That they would get, which was like 4,500 from The government. If like, if they were getting like 25,000 they'd be, or if they were, if they were getting like 3000, they'd be supplemented, which would be $40,000 Now. So Nixon did some, he started the EPA, he started osha, he went up 131% on welfare spending. He increased education spending by 50%.


Now he's just looked at this monolith of evil. But he did do some Good things. I mean, but he tangled with The wrong people. He thought he, he thought he even was a smart guy. He thought he couldn beat them. That. He got out with them. Yeah, Man. Fascinating stuff. Yeah Well. Nick I. Just wanna say Thank you for, for coming on You Bet And and the link to your new book, The Truth About Watergate will be in The description below and And just wanna say Thank, You And I wanna remind people, the first Epstein Justice forum is in Dunlap, Iowa on July 17th.


And we're gonna have a fundraiser in Knoxville on September 27th. So we're gonna get this Epstein Justice machine going. Good Good makes me happy to hear we're Am doing this with some pretty stalwart people. So We, we're gonna give it our best shot Good And we're gonna succeed. I'll predict that right now. As Joe Namath predicted before the 1969 Super Bowl, we're gonna win. And everybody thought he was crazy. Well, I'm predicting Epstein Justice will prevail. Well I.


Hope it does. I really do. And I wish You The. Best of luck. Thank You.


Check out the podcast, That inspired Taylor Sheridan's latest series Landman. There's a stretch of road in royal rich region of West Texas. This region of West Texas, known as The Permian Basin, is in The midst of the biggest oil boom in history. This is a story of roughnecks, billionaire Wildcatters And, wannabe dreamers. My name is Christian Wallace from Texas Monthly and Imperative Entertainment. This is BoomTown BoomTown. Wherever you listen, I.