
Hey, it's me, the quenches. I'm that late afternoon craving. You just can't shake. Wait, what's that? Welch's grape aid? No. Made with Real fruit and no added sugar. Nothing answers the call of the quenches, like grape aid. Got the quenches, grab a grape aid in your juice aisle.


Being a marketer's, no sweat. You just have to manage dozens of channels. Launch hundreds of campaigns, score thousands of leads, and okay, fine. It's a lot of sweat. Unless you have HubSpot's AI powered marketing tools to help you do all that and more, get started at hubspot.com/marketers.


Tim Burchett, Eli Ka. No strangers of the show. Welcome back. Thank, you, we got a ton to cover. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna do the typical introduction we've had 'cause you guys have already been on multiple times. So, but I wanna talk to you about Trump assassination. I wanna talk to you about, Tim, you've done a ton of work with the Afghanistan stuff. Want to talk about that? And then I think all three of us want to talk about some of the government corruption in both parties that's going on inside of Congress. And then we'll see what we get into after that. I know you guys both have time constraints, but I just wanna say, love you guys.


Super happy to have you back here in the studio to have this conversation and lots of important stuff happening in the, in the country right now. And so let's just get to the bottom of some of it. But, but you know, to kick it off, Eli, I know you've done a lot of work investigating what went on with the, with the first assassination attempt on Trump's life. And just yesterday we had another attempt, and actually before we dive into that, you guys both know we got a Patreon. It's what enables me to be here, what you guys enables you guys to be here.


They're our top supporters. And so I give them the opportunity to ask a question each interview. This question is from John Phillips, since we're on the topic. Will anyone at Secret Service be held accountable for the major snafu and Trump's attempted assassination, plural? I think it's, I think it's too early to tell yet. I think it's going to largely be based on whether or not Trump becomes president or not. I don't have any faith whatsoever that with the people that we have in Congress now, that anybody will be held accountable.


I've just, you know, I've, I'm only a freshman, but I've seen, seen the game enough to kind of see how it, see how it plays out. I, I think if President Trump gets back into office, I do think that there's a really good chance that there will be accountability. But everything is so political up there as you know. I mean, one of the, and, and just on that topic, I volunteered to be on the assassination task force. you know, I sent Speaker Johnson a text saying, Hey, I was a, you know, NSW sniper, I think I could bring value to this investigation and I wasn't put on it. Now I get it. You were not put On it. I was not put on it.


Why were you not? Who made that? Who made that call? Well, It's, Why would you not have a former Navy SEAL sniper, right? Who's better than probably any of the Secret Service snipers out there? Why, why, why would they not have somebody with that relevant of experience on the topic inside Congress, on the committee? So, to be, to, to be as transparent as I can be, to my knowledge, there's three snipers in Congress, myself, Morgan Latrell, and Corey Mills. Not one of us was put on that task force. So you, you know, you start asking questions right there and then, what, Who makes the determination? Leadership always makes the determination.


Who's The leadership? Mike Johnson is the speaker of the house right now. So Mike Johnson doesn't want the three most relevant individuals in Congress to be on that committee. So what what I was told is that it, you know, he had to please the, the entirety of the conference, right? Because it was such a big deal. And so many people other than myself volunteered to be on it. you know, he had to make this group over here happy, this group over here, happy, this group over here, happy. So there's a part of me, because I work up there, that understands, understands that, but it it, because the selection of that committee was political.


Once you start going down that rabbit hole, you start asking yourself, okay, so are the witnesses that we call, is that gonna be political too? Are the findings and what we release to the American people, is that gonna be political too? And my answer to that is most likely yes. And that's why a couple Of us, so this isn't about, this isn't about, sorry to cut you off, man. Yeah. I'm just, I'm pissed. So this isn't about fi uncovering anything or, or getting to the root issue. This is about jerking people off and, and making people happy. That's Washington. Yeah, I would say that they still want to, they still want to, you know, do the investigation. And there are a lot of people, whether they were snipers or not, who want to get to the bottom of it.


My point is, is they didn't pick the best people for the job and they know it. And that, that's what bothers me because that's, it doesn't stop there, Sean. Who Did they put on them? It, Every committee that you look at up in Capitol Hill, it's not, you know, who's the best for the job. It's, you know, who has influence, who has money, who can fundraise, who's been here longest. And so you see a lot of the same stuff in other committees as well. And, and often the higher you go, the more you're willing to, you know, play the game and be a yes man. And that's why often I think, you know, people like myself are given the He men and told, Hey, no, thanks man, we're good.


Who's on the committee? Who Did they put On there? So you, you guys actually have a representative, pretty good representative here in Tennessee who's on the committee. Mark Green is on the committee chair's Homeland Security. Yep. Clay Higgins is on the committee who I think is probably, in my opinion, you know, the best guy on the committee just because Clay, clay is willing to, you know, clay's tough. And he was in law enforcement and he was also in military, and he's already gone and done his own independent investigation. He, he's already released that to the public. So I'm glad that Clay got put on there.


And don don't know all the other names. Tim, do you know the other names? I can't recall. I just Not, are they, are they utilizing you and the two other congressman's expertise? No, not at, not at this point. But I don't think they've even, I don't even think they've had a hearing yet. So we did, we did our own parallel. We called it a round table up in Washington, DC a couple weeks ago with Eric Prince, Dan Bonino, and then one of the counter snipers who was there. Because I don't know about you, Sean, but I don't have a lot of faith in the federal government to get to the bottom of this. And even if they did get to the bottom of it, I don't have a lot of faith that they would, you know, you know, even reveal it to the American people.


Just like we, we still don't have the Kennedy files, right? And so that's why some of us were like, okay, well we might not be on the task force. We might not have subpoena power, but let's do everything that we can within our, our contacts, you know, and our intelligence, you know, to get to, you know, to get as many answers as we can for the American people. Did you get any answers? Well, we've, we've gotten some, we've gotten some answers. One of the, you know, one of, I've, I've actually been to Butler twice now. One of the things that I, I did a video about, you probably saw it, was one of the first things that Director Cheetah was saying was that we, we didn't put counter snipers up on that roof because it was too steep. So myself and other members from the Homeland Security Committee went and got up on that roof and I showed out, you know, we were walking around on it right after me, a 70-year-old man named Carlos Jimenez, who's a representative from Florida, got up on it, walked right up it, no problem at all.


You could see the water tower right over my shoulder that nobody got up on top of that would've been a sniper's, you know, paradise or a counter sniper's paradise. And nobody got up on that. One of the things that I broke on with Dan Bonino on his podcast was that these pipe bombs that we were told Thomas Crooks had, were built in ammo cans. But, you know, some of the other things that we've learned is that, and I know you, you've talked about it as well with Eric Prince, but the Secret Service is completely incapable of, you know, stopping a 20-year-old kid with no military experience from getting 150 yards from the president. What would that look like with, you know, a trained, you know, team, like, you know, whether it's the Houthis, You know, we had Iranian intelligence said the Iranians Were he, you know, whatever it is.


We had a, hold on, we had Intelligence. We have intelligence that said that the, was it the Iranians that were, that had put a head out on, on Trump just prior to that? There there is, yeah. There is intelligence. That that's a, that that's a very big threat as well. But some of the other things that we've learned, Sean, that that's alarming, is that the secret service seems to be completely allergic to innovating and a adapting to modern warfare. Right? Dan Bonino was talking about how when he was there, it took decades for them to even put slings on their primary weapons, right? Yeah. Like their, their, their primaries, their m fours or whatever, whatever they were carrying. And anybody who's done, whether you're a police officer or you been in special operations, or you're, you know, a marine, you know, that how important slings are.


Because if you, if you're shooting your primary and you go dry, or you have a jam, and then you need to transition to your secondary, what are you gonna do with your primary? You're gonna throw it on the ground. Or what if you have to climb a ladder, right? What if you have to do some prisoner handling? you know, what, if you have to process some evidence, you know, you can't just be throwing your weapon on the ground. And so he was saying, I mean, the Secret Service was so backwards that it took decades for them to even get slings. He also said that they didn't want to transition to a higher caliber weapon, like a, like an an AR style platform that shot something that maybe some of the threats were carrying, right? And so you couple that with, oh, they didn't have a drone up on site, right?


They even turned down a drone from some of the local authorities. And you just gotta wonder, like, why aren't they forward thinking at all? you know? Because our enemies most certainly are. And he also, you know, one of the other things that we've learned is that the Secret Service is absolutely not in a better place with the new director. People are just like, in every other government institution, they're failing up. Right? Director wrote probably, you know, had a lot more say over what security and what personnel and what assets were at, you know, onsite at Butler on that day than even Director Cheadle did. And so, you know, you know, there's been a lot that we've found, we've uncovered and we've found we definitely, there's still a lot more to uncover.


And, you know, for those of us on the outs, it's gonna be difficult because we don't have subpoena power. And let's be honest, the answer to your question is no. And the other question, question you asked is, why is Eli not on there? He ruffles feathers. He votes his conscience. you know, we, he and I both voted against McCarthy and, you know, deposing him. And that's, that's what I think's at the bottom of it. That's the base of it. You've got a little leadership cabal that caused the shots on everything. And How has there not even been a hearing audit? I don't know. I I have, they had a hearing. Put a Committee.


They put a committee together, they Went there, they went, did they go to Butler? Maybe? I don't know. They did, they did go to Butler. Yeah. I mean, it's Washington, you know, they're gonna, it's just gonna turn it out and then, Yeah, But it's six months later they're gonna issue a report and somebody's gonna get a nasty letter in their file. And it's just, it's complete Washington to a Case. And this isn't about daylight savings time. They tried to assassinate a former sitting president who's running again. Yeah. So how, how, how does this just go, well, guys, we don't have time, we don't have enough sessions. You gotta realize the machine doesn't, they don't want Trump. I mean, if he gets in there and he does what he says he is gonna do and starts eliminating two thirds of the bureaucracy, the machine, the corrupt machine that, you know, they always come in and fire the top people or replace the new people, old people.


But it's that second, third, fourth tier that are in there for life, that are just, that infiltrated our government, that we've, we've allowed to be there. Department of education, billions of dollars stays in Washington. It seems to me it'd be easier just dismantle the whole department, send that money to the States and let them decide and let the locals have a say so. But no, you've got, I mean, how many, honestly, how many bureaucrats in Washington, DC have caught a taught a kid how to, how to read in Clayburn County, Tennessee? Yeah. Zero. But that, but that's, that's part of the machine, that's part of the structure. And that's why every a hundred days, we had another trillion dollars for the debt. And neither party has a plan to pay it off.


And neither party wants to pay it off. 'cause all they're doing is buying boats. So I gotta, maybe you can help me and the audience understand who makes the determination of when these hearings happen, who Ultimately it's The speaker who, who, who makes it. And you, the speaker, and they'll appoint a chairman, and the chairman will, will bring in the legal folks. And then that's part of the problem. Because part of the problem is the staff machine that's there, you've got great staffers that work, but some of those folks have been there years and years and years and years, and they don't get in any rush. They decide literally what, I mean, I've had chairman say, I've heard chairman say before, I can't get that bill to the floor because, you know, my, my staffers don't really like that bill.


Like, like, What, What are you talking about? you know, I've, I had a bill that dealt with, well, for instance, the, the Chinese, you know, these ancestry.com, you know, you take a swab, you send it off. Well, they're buying it, creating a genome. The the Chinese are buying it legally from these companies, and they're selling it to 'em. And they create a genome for say, say, they'd like to come to a take. Imagine the Chinese creating a disease that could, you know, disable the entire world. But say they wanted to just, just take out females of, of childbearing ages in United States of America. Well, they could create a genome to do that.


And apparently that's what they're attempting to do. I can't even get, they, I can't even get the, the Chinese, I can't even get the, I couldn't even get a hearing on the bill because of the committee's just in total shutdown. And it's, you know, and that's the way Washington works, though. They want to have hearings, they want to issue press releases. But the bottom line in Washington DC is get your ass reelected. It's not fixing the problem. They go home to their MAGA dinners or their, they're left does their Truman dinners, and they throw out the red meat, how bad the Republicans are, how bad the Democrat, how bad Speaker Pelosi is, how bad Johnson is. They get reelected and they all come, 98, 90 9% of 'em get reelected. And hell, they'll be right back doing the same stuff.


Just, and that's part of the problem.


When I started podcasting, I had no idea how to run an online business or where to get started. I tried several different companies to get my web store up and running, and they were all confusing. Then I found Shopify. Now my online store runs smoother than ever. I love how easy Shopify is to set up. It's flexible, powerful, and helps me grow my business. Shopify is the perfect platform to start small and scale up, upgrade your business, and get the same checkout we use with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash ss. That's all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash ss to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash ss.


Donald Trump is officially the next president of the United States of America. While millions of Americans are celebrating the victory, thousands of others are still concerned about their savings. The unfortunate truth is, we still have a $35 trillion debt. The interest on that debt could now be larger than our entire defense budget for the first time in history. Plus, the wars that started during the Biden administration are still raging across the globe. So what can you do to help protect your savings? Many Americans are already taking action by reaching out to a top rated precious metals company that's Goldco right now. Goldco is offering a free gold and silver kit to show you how precious metals like gold and silver, could help you diversify your savings before it's too late. Visit Sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold to get your copy free of charge. Plus you could receive up to a 10% instant match on bonus silver for qualified accounts. Visit sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. That's sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


What are, what, what are the hearings? 'cause I had a, I had a meeting with McCall's people too. Apparently they can't get masu in 'cause there's no time. There's no time To me. That's, That's Well, so what, what is more? You're rocking the boat, Sean. You're rocking The boat. So my, my question is, they did agree to a 30 minute zoom call. Yay. I dunno what the fuck that does, but why? What are the other hearings? And maybe, maybe there is stuff that's way more important than the Fact that well, every committee, you Know, the US government's sending the Taliban millions of dollars, 40 to 87 million every week.


I mean, we're literally, do you know what, what would, what the government would've done if they, if I would've done a $5 donation to the Taliban 10 years ago, Cuffed And stuffed. Yeah, they just admitted $239 million went to 'em. And it's a lot more than that. That was a Lot more than that. So what, what are the, what are some of the upcoming hearings in Congress that are more important than the Trump assassination attempts and the fact that US government's funding terrorism? Absolutely none. None. But that's, that doesn't feed the K Street lobbyist. And, and that in turn, Seriously though, what are some of the subjects coming up on the pal on the plate?


I couldn't tell you. It's, I couldn't even tell you. Could you? Yeah, I mean, every, every week there's a hearing on something. you know, you'll bring in, I go on transportation, we'll bring in the railroad people if there's a railroad derailing, you know, it's not sexy, but it's the, and, and people get understand. Don't understand in government that, you know, these committees of jurisdiction deal with those issues. And I do videos as soon as I walk outta the committee. And I tell, because people don't realize that all that other stuff's going on, all they see is what's going c span, what's going on on the floor, which is bogus. That's already been decided back in the back rooms. There's never really too many surprises on votes. And it's just the committees of jus addiction.


We'll have, you know, we, when I asked the question, well, on the Afghanistan issue of the Marine sniper, I said, do you have the, the suicide bomber in your sights that killed the 13 Americans Staff Sergeant Ryan Canals? I live on the Ryan Canals highway. I wa every day I drive out, there's his name. And yes, in fact, he had the guy two times in his sights. And we found that out in, and, but what did we do with it? Nothing. Because we don't have the guts to go after anybody. We can't, you, anyway, So it's nothing of any substance where you're talking to the railroad people Instead. Well, we, we develop legislation because of that allegedly, you know, it, it, it goes along that.


And then of course, you've got, they bring in the lobbyists from on both sides. The Democrats, they're in the major minorities. So they get two. And then we get the Republicans bring in three witnesses on our side, you know, and they'll, they'll like have a pro-union and then a pro-business side. And, and you, and nothing ever gets done though. If you pass legislation, it goes to the Senate and Schumer won't bring it up or vice versa. And some of these, some of these hearings have been planned, you know, months in advance. But to your point, I don't, I don't know that any of 'em are as important as what you're talking about. None aren't as important. I mean, do you think they would cancel, I don't know, the railroad meeting and bring in the fact that they're, you know, trying to kill a presidential candidate, former president to Twice?


Well, you could do 'em, you could still have 'em going on, or, Yeah, I don't know. I mean, Tuesday, yeah, they're gonna assign staff To it. They're gonna assign staff to it and probably hiring a lawyer. And they did, they did have, I think they did have what Cheadle in, was it judiciary or oversight? No, we, we had an oversight. Right. That's where I told her she was a DEI nightmare. And then that was, and she quit the day after that. So they hit that. They, they, they've already hit that one. But as far as this new task force goes, I'm hoping they're just doing, you know, trying to do as in thorough of an investigation as possible. And honestly, Sean, like e even though I didn't get put on the task force, whatever, you know, I'm rooting for, I'm rooting for him because at the end of the day, it's not about me.


It's not about Cory Mills, it's not about, it's not about any one of us. It's about, okay, how do we make sure that this never happens again, regardless of what the candidate is. Right? But what happened yesterday? But They didn't do that because it just happened again. Right? What happened yesterday? We found out once again that, you know, the Secret Service because President Trump isn't the current president. They're not giving him, you know, the detail that he needs, right? So they're, they're, they're defaulting to historical norms instead of actually looking at the threat presence to this guy, because he's clearly the most targeted politician, you know, poss maybe besides Netanyahu in the, in the world right now. And so it's like, if I was the secret director of Secret Service, I wouldn't be going off of, you know, historical norms or what we did yesterday.


I'd be going off of, hey, who's, which one of these guys that I'm assigned to protect has the most threats? That's who's gonna get the, you know, the majority of my assets and the majority of my attention. And I'm gonna try and do as good of a job as I can across the board. But that's clearly not happening. And politics plays into it. Yeah, I mean, because Robert Kennedy Jr. I mean, his dad was assassinated, John. I mean, there's no other family that's fallen into more assassin's bullets than the Kennedys obviously. I mean, historically in this country. I'm sure there's somewhere, but he was denied Secret service by the president of the United States. And they made up all this bs.


But Obama was given when he was running, was given secret service protection early. And that was, and it's, it's at the discretion of the President of the United States. Interesting. And so, so you've gotta wonder, and at, at where Trump got shot, you know, there, there was the talk of Homeland Security was there instead of Secret service. You saw people that were too short and then you couldn't, they couldn't put their guns in their holsters and they were hiding behind the pal and Not on top. Yeah. He shot as, as somebody, as, as, as somebody who's trained. What'd you think when you saw one of the Secret Service agents up on, you know, on that detail that couldn't holster a weapon after like three attempts?


Yeah, I mean, I mean, I don't, honestly, I don't care. I don't care what the sex is, man. I really don't. But at the same time, like, does that look like somebody who's well-trained to you? No. No. And let me ask you guys this, you know, you got these guys up there that were obviously too short. I mean, I, you wouldn't have somebody in that, the iconic picture that should have never even been able to have happened because the only way it was because there was an agent or whoever it was, was head and shoulders short. I mean, they got a specific job. I mean, it's to take, it's literally to take a bullet for Trump or whoever they're guarding. And they, they clearly failed at that.


And then that frontal view was just awful. I mean, that was just, to me, I, I was shocked that they allowed that. And then if you ever, if you can listen to the audio, he says, we're gonna move on, on, on my count, 3, 2, 1. And they just stayed there. you know, the thing would be to get him off, if there'd have been a second shooter, all you do is just start shooting into that pile. I would, from what I've been told, that the job is to get his ass off the stage. Yeah. and get him, get him out of there in a, get him in a secure environment. Yeah. I don't, I don't know, you know, I don't know what they're putting out at Secret Service, but it's against pretty much from, from everything I saw, it's completely against everything I've ever learned in the SEAL teams or the agency's protective unit.


So, you know, maybe they're, I I, And I know that I knew, I know they play by different roles. 'cause I've talked to other secret servants agents because of the political ramifications of it. Like I've been told that, you know, these advances can come back with a recommendation that, hey, let's not hold this rally here. But even then, it's up to the campaign. So, you know, if a campaign decides, Hey, we're gonna hold a rally here regardless, you know, of, of what your recommendation was, you know, they're gonna hold the rally there. And so that was one of my issues when I went to Butler. And you know, I was looking at how many threats there were on that site, how many rooftops, how many windows, how many trees, right?


There were a lot of trees that somebody could have easily got gotten up into and made like a, like a hide sight deer stand, you know? And there were way too many threats for the amount of security they had to cover down on. And so that's another thing that we gotta get smarter on, Man. It seemed like a really basic target to me looking at it from the, I mean, yeah, you were there if you would've Yeah, if you, but I mean, comparative to like, I mean, I remember being in the SEAL teams in 2004. There was a big NATO convention and yeah. Distant bull. And we did a ton of sniper overwatch at that, at that, at that NATO convention. And every, I mean, that was a nightmare, right? I mean, you're looking at 15, 20 story buildings with windows on every floor completely surrounding the venue and Wow.


Thousands of people Way, way too many, way too many avenues, you know, to cover with the guns that you have in the, And we felt like we had it covered, right? And so you take this, which appeared like it was in a rural setting, you know, mostly farmland. I mean, a thermal imager could have covered those trees. Like, you know what I mean? Right. And within five seconds. Yeah. And I mean, stuff just doesn't get dropped. It just, it was impossible al it seemed impossible for Any no drones that what I anything be dropped about the golf course shooting. Shouldn't there have been a drone? Anytime he is out in the open, I would think there'd be a drone. And I went to a football game in Knoxville this past, I've been, every week I've gone to a football game, they've had multiple drones.


I mean, it's just like, they could, you could see the part in my hair from up there. I mean, you know, and again, we said that we needed drones the first time and then the second time there's still no freaking drones out on the golf course. Yeah. Well the Other thing too, Sean, is that when you, it my perspective in what I, what I know now, and obviously this is a fresh story 'cause it just happened yesterday. But when I look at the pictures of his hindsight, you know, if, if that's what it, that or his final firing position as we would call it, you know, one of the things I noticed based on this story that I'm hearing is that he was spotted because he put the barrel of his gun through the fence right behind me. You have a picture of a, a, a legit, you know, sniper team on a rooftop, and it looks like somebody blew a loophole or a hole in the wall, which, you know, most snipers want to use, they want to be as far back from, you know, the actual hole they're gonna be shooting at.


and so I was looking at it and like the Secret Service in my opinion, got lucky again because this guy wasn't trained. I, and I could tell by, if he was trained, he would've had a pair of $20 bolt cutters with him. He would've cut out his, his loophole or his line of sight through that fence, and then he would've pushed back into the shady leaves so that he couldn't have, you know, been seen. Right. The other thing that I noticed was he had his two ballistic plates up on the fence. What does, what does that create? Well, it's definitely not, it's, it, it, it stands out and one of the first things they teach you in sniper school is there are no straight lines in nature.


Right. And so you got, if, if a Secret Service agent is just scanning a fence line and he sees a bunch of, you know, leaves and then boom, he sees two like dark, you know, plate looking things that have straight lines, it's gonna catch his eye. And so it just showed me once again, how lucky we were that the guys right Now that are being, you know, that are coming after the president or being sent after the president don't have a lot of training. That's my next question. After everything that you've dug into both of you guys, what was this? Is it lone Wolfs coming after him? Or is this orchestrated from who the left?


Yeah, I honestly don't know yet. And one of the, one of the things that I still want information on that I think is going to definitely help answer that question is these bank accounts. And whether or not he did indeed have offshore bank accounts with a lot of money in them because based on, you know, pattern of life and the type of job that he had and the family that he came from, you know, I think he was just working at a little, little store. If he had, if he did have overseas bank accounts with a good amount of cash in him, that's gonna be a massive red flag.


you know, that he was working with somebody. and so we don't know yet. But again, without subpoena power, it's tough to get the witnesses, you know, in there that, you know, can answer questions. There's a thing called MK Ultra that used to, they used to say that's, you know, it's bogus, but it's, it's a reality. It's been documented. I think there's been lawsuits because of it. you know, they use psychotropic drugs and to influence people and, and brainwashed them. And I think it ended in the sixties, maybe 63 or something. It was CIA operation and they took people and, and just turned them into machines basically apparent or tried to.


And of course they said it didn't exist and then they got popped and then they had, they were forced that to make that it did exist. And to me, that begs the question, is something like that still going on? 'cause I don't trust them to tell me the truth. So many billions float, you know, the Pentagon right now can't, can't count for a half a billion dollars in assets. I mean, what is that a battleship? Yeah. you know, so we're, we're a wash with something with money to do something with. And there's some people in this world, in this government that are, that are pure evil. But on and on top of that though, Sean, I do wanna say to, to answer your question, I do think that there is, you know, at the very least I do think there was a desire to weaponize the mainstream media outlets to radicalize American citizens against the president.


I mean, come on man. You can only call somebody Hitler a a, a threat, you know, a threat to democracy or, you know, he, he's like a modern day Hitler. So many times before somebody feels the moral obligation to do something about it. You have a magazine cover of a national publication that has a picture of hit of Trump with a Hitler mustache. Right? I mean, you know, it's just, it just, and and this goes back to my point about MK Ultra. It, maybe they're not, maybe they're not bringing in somebody off the street and doing this too. But they know if they put enough of this thought process out there, there's enough kids or misfits or something that are gonna do something.


And this guy though, he's, he's, he's a North Carolinian Linean lived in Hawaii, but comes down to Florida, sits on a golf course, and he is gonna take out Trump that, how does that happen? How does this guy do this? This guy's got all kinds of these international connections. He's been busted before for federal fi firearms violations. And then they don't even charge him with a s attempted murder. They charge him with possession of a, of a firearm, of a felon. And then I think altering the serial numbers on the gun. And so this is, this is what they've just charged him with apparently.


So app and then, and the reports that I got, they haven't even charged him with murder, attempted murder. So, you know, again, They haven't even charged him with Attempted murder. The last report I saw that could change and, you know, I don't know, jurisdictional, maybe they, they can get more of a charge out of a altered firearm by federal violation. I don't know. But, and, and two, I've always said this, Americans want their pizzas and 30 minutes, and that's about our dad gum attention span. And they, you know, we've already, they won't even talk about the first assassination, Tim, that's a, people are allowed to, to joke about, you know, how it was fake and, you know, he didn't hit his ear.


And how does ear hear heal so fast and all this other stuff, you know, and, and they're allowed to talk about that and joke about it now openly. And so this one, you know, my local newspaper in Knoxville wasn't even, apparently wasn't even in it, it wasn't even on the front page of it. This, this morning. So, which I don't take by the way, I don't take that paper, but they, you know, they just want it gone and move on. Hey, I do wanna say something about yesterday though, in the stor the story that's been put out there. 'cause I know a lot of, and I'm sure you're probably in the same boat, probably you too, Tim.


A lot of my best friends are in law enforcement. Right. And I just, if the story that I heard yesterday was correct, that, you know, a Secret Service agent spotted this guy with, you know, sticking his weapon through the fence and then he, he was proactive and actually engaged. This guy, I wanna give That guy kudos and props a hundred percent, you know, because anybody who's ever had to like, it's even even overseas, you know, I know of instances where guys were shot at and they'd never shot at anybody before. And so there was a pregnant pause and it took 'em a second to actually do what they were trained to do because, you know, they knew, you know, it was so new to them.


And so it's, it would be much different if you have to do that on US soil than like Fallujah or, you know, Mo Moo Moo or, or whatever it is. and so I know that a lot of people, you know, look at us going after the head shed of the Secret Service. And because that institution clearly needs a massive overhaul. And it, it, you know, I I just wanna say that I know there's a lot of awesome men and women, you know, not only in the Secret Service, but in many of our other institutions who are sick and tired of seeing, you know, these institutions be, become political, become biased and not focused on what they're ac actually supposed to do.


and so I wanna make sure that that's said and clear that we do appreciate you guys. Yeah. Those of you out there that are still trying to do a very difficult job and you know, you can help us, you guys can help us, you know, transform these organizations by whistle blowing to us. And I know it's not comfortable and I know that you're risking a lot then when you do it, and I think you should be selective about who you talk, who you talk to. But I just wanna make sure that that's said because Well, here's A, here's a question for you then. Yeah. Because a lot of people probably don't know where to go to blow the whistle. So if they do have information, secret service, FBIC, I A, whoever, where do they go to blow the whistle?


Where do they go to get your attention? Yeah, they can So that they know they will be heard and somebody has their back. Yeah, They can call, they can call my office. We also posted a tip line on when we did that hearing up in dc I don't remember the name of it off the top of my head, but if they, if, if, if they call my office, somebody on my staff will, will take down their information. And if, if they don't have the number to my office, there's an app called Bill Blaster. And you can get every single senators, every single member of Congress's information and call 'em directly in their office. That's called Bill Blaster. Bill Blaster. And it's a great, you don't have to just use it, please don't just use it for that.


Like, if you see a piece of legislation coming up that you're fired up about, or you want us to vote a cer certain way on, please engage your member of Congress because you'd be surprised, Sean, that actually does work. It doesn't work if five or 10 people do it, but if a couple thousand people do it, and we walk into our office from going from one committee hearing to the other and like, Hey, we're getting blown up right now, blown up about this cr with the save act or this fi bill or whatever it is. And, and then it's like, okay, well what are people saying? What are you hearing? you know, there, there are members of Congress that listen to that. And for the ones that don't, you can apply enough pressure to where they'll think twice about, you know, selling you out if, if you get loud enough.


And I would caution though on the whistle blow, just reiterate what Eli said. Be careful who you talk to. Yeah. And I would be careful about leaving messages. And I would face to face it if you get the opportunity. Yeah, I would think I'd just be cautious. I'm, since I've been in Washington, I've, you know, I'm remember I always give the example, my wife and I were a buddy of mine's in the trinket business, you know, whatever, I don't know what you call it, swag. And we were talking about these little solo red solo cups that had some made out of aluminum. And I just thought that's the coolest thing in both of us.


Within 30 minutes, what do we have on our phone ads for red solo cups? And I, that's not so much when you call in your congressman's office, but I I I just think it, there's ears and eyes everywhere up there. I just don't think, I don't think we, we are scratching the surface


Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance that you can get done right here, right now. You could be covered from your couch in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Just go to meet fabric.com/sean, that's meet fabric.com/sean. Like me, many of you have kids. And protecting my family with life insurance is at the top of my priority list. Fabric provides me with the peace of mind, knowing I am helping to keep my family protected. You can have that same peace of mind with fabric. Go to meet fabric.com/sean and you can learn all about fabric's free, online wills, access to college savings funds, and more tools to sync up your family's finances. Have confidence knowing that Fabric has 1800 plus reviews and an excellent rating on Trustpilot Fabric has flexible high quality policies that will fit your family and budget like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. And your coverage could be offered instantly. It's all online, so apply when it's convenient, there's absolutely no risk. They have a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. Go to meet fabric.com/sean now. That's meet fabric.com/sean. Join me in the thousands of parents who trust fabric to protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean, that's meet fabric.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health questions.


What would you, what kind of accountability would you see, would you like to see for the attempts and who would be held accountable? Yeah, I'd like to see, I would like to see every, everybody in the chain chain of command that's got caught covering up anything to be fired. I'd like to see, you know, those that made decisions based on where to put the counter snipers. I'd like to see them be, you know, held accountable and that has varied d you know, accountability, whether you're in the military, law enforcement, that can be a, a myriad of different things depending on the severity of it.


you know, I'd also like to see, you know, like whoever may, who I think, you know, those who made decisions based on one of the decisions that was, or pieces of guidance put out was, hey, we're not gonna send counters snipers anywhere unless they can, they can drive there. Right. Decisions like that. Whoever made the decision, whoever made decision, what does that Even mean? We're not gonna send counters snipers. They can drive that. Yeah, it sounds, it Sounds like a budgetary decision. Like, we're not gonna pay for our counters, snipers, you know, and all their gear to get on a plane and fly somewhere. Right. If you can, if we can Dr if they can drive somewhere to a location, then we'll send a counters sniper team. Right. Whoever was denying, you know, whoever made the decision to deny President Trump and his team, you know, the extra assets that they were asking for needs to be held accountable.


Right. And I think if, I think if you, you know, if you started holding those at the top accountable, I think it would send a, a trickle down warning in effect to the rest of the service that, hey, the, you know, the games that have been going on here, the pol you know, the political games that have been going on here for the last couple decades, they're done. They're over. you know, our mission is to protect these executives, these individuals. That's what our primary responsibility is gonna be. And, if you don't do it, you're gone. You're gone. Period. Point blank. And so, but what keeps happening, the same thing that keeps happening in every other major institution within the federal government.


People just keep failing up. I just add one thing very specific though, is if it was a leak of how this latest sniper knew to be where he was Oh, for sure. That, that, that guy's who, whoever leaked that needs to go, needs to go to prison. I mean, And that's, they'll be covering their ass. I mean, it's just a, that's why I say you just never, you'll, you'll never know. We will never know. And only person new on the first shooting, you know, I got his head split open, rightfully so. But still, What do you think he needs to watch out for moving forward?


Well, I think he, I think he needs to be very careful about where he holds, holds his rallies. I think that's, that's a big thing. Obviously, you know, risk mitigation needs to be a factor in just, I've gone to rallies in Arizona, you know, out in rural country where it wasn't at a arena or a sports complex. Whereas I'm driving up to it, I'm looking at, you know, rock piles here, this little hill over there. And you know, the deal, when you're trained in this stuff, you know, you always think, you know, you always think, and, and, and this might sound alarming to people, but you always think, if I was gonna do this job, how would I do it?


And you start thinking that way. And I think that's why the guidance that Eric Prince put out on your podcast, why you need to send some shooters in on the advanced teams and not necessarily law enforcement guys who tend to be rear, rear word looking is so important. Because if you start sending hitters in there and shooters, that's how we think, how would I do this job? Where would I be? And then you work backwards from there to start putting deterrents in place to where those spots, you know, those strategies that I would use aren't, aren't, aren't gonna work because of the deterrence that I've put in place.


Now, L let me ask you two something. you know, my dad in the Pacific Marine Corps combat, nothing like you guys, of course, but it was his war, world War II against the Japanese. And he used to tell me, and the media's been critical to me, but saying this, but he told me this. He said, look buddy. He said, if somebody's willing to lose their life to take you out, there's not a whole heck of a lot you can do. I mean, you gotta stop 'em out there And. if you get a suicide situation or somebody's not a, you know, how, how would you protect him in a, in an open situation? I mean, you've got the bomb dogs, you've got this. But, you know, they took, they took down the World Trade Center basically with a couple, allegedly with a couple of box cutters and somebody had snuck in the plane.


I mean, how do you, do you, you, you know, I I would just think you'd, you'd have to isolate the president so far back and have so many bodies between him that knew, you know, The Yeah, the other Thing, the new mindset that Eli's been talking about, what, what, how do you stop that? The other thing I'd do is I would bring in some private guys just so I had, you know, just so I was covering my bases and I had guys that were more loyal to me than they were to an organization that might or might not be, you know, corrupted a second set of eyes to fact check and look at. Just, you know, look at everything that they're doing and with a, with a, a mandate to report back to me if they see anything that's shady, any practices that, you know, are obsolete or, you know, not productive.


And, you know, that's, that's what I'd do if I were him I'd, I'd start bringing in some private guys to augment what's already being going down. And not only for the extra presence and deterrence, but also so they could report to me. That's Interesting. You know, I mean, how do you do, how do you defend against that? This is how you defend against it. I mean, you have to have a lot of observers, but there's always signs that you're looking for when it comes to a suicide bomber. So profuse sweating, are they dressed different than everybody else because they're hiding a vest, right. Are they acting nervous? Are they acting anxious? I mean, all these type of things are things that you would look for as an observer to see, see who's out there.


But you gotta, are they interacting with other people? It's not somebody that currently thinks the way we think though. Yeah. I mean, you gotta have somebody thinks like y'all do. And on that note, Sean, if, if, if, if he were to do that and bring in, you know, private guys to augment and let's just say the secret service, you know, still hasn't gotten with it and they don't wanna fly a drone, well that's fine. We're gonna fly. We're gonna fly a drone. Or you don't, you're, you guys aren't using thermals, well, we're going to use thermals, or you guys aren't taking the radio, you know, we're gonna take the radio and that. Just, just a bunch of things like that, ev you know, whether it's a four man team, you know what, whatever it is. I mean, it can't, it can't hurt. Yeah. And then, and then the other thing is, you know, allowing bags, purses, things like that.


And that way if they do have some type of a vest or, or suicide bomb, then it has to be on their person then. Right. And you know what I mean? So that, that's how you would do it. It's fairly, fairly simple to be honest with you. Well, they actually spotted the guy in Afghanistan twice, so, and they weren't allowed to take him out. Yeah, yeah. you know, I mean, I don't think anybody has, like I said, can't say anybody, but seems like confidence in the federal government's just diminishing at in very rapid pace. I saw DeSantis is starting his own investigation. Good. I just wonder how far he's gonna get with that. 'cause the ego seems federal government's allowing him to move forward, you know, having access to that So they could shut him down.


I think so. I think they'll just shut him down because of, I mean, you used to see that a lot within inter the agencies, C-I-F-B-I, secret service. They would, there was always feuds between them, you know, that wouldn't allow, I mean, you saw under Obama's administration, some guy literally scaled the fence of the White House and they caught him inside the freaking White House, you know, and there was some sort of bridge breach in security, obviously, but there was some miscommunication there. And, and I don't know if that was an instance where that, I mean, you had a instance at Oak Ridge National Laboratory where a, a group of nuns climbed over the fence and were painting a wall inside of a secure nuclear facility type situation.


Nobody ever explained that somebody went to jail for it. But, you know, there's just, I just don't think there's a seamless, it's not seamless between the agencies. Well, it's not seamless, but I think the good thing about it is, when I saw that headline, I was glad to hear it because I think often, which headline, even the DeSantis is gonna Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Independent investigation. I think oftentimes if, if an agency like the FBI knows that, you know, Ron DeSantis is gonna fire up a separate parallel investigation, even the pressure of that and the pride of, hey, if these guys find something and, you know, expose it to the American people that you guys didn't or you wouldn't, I think that creates pressure right there, because it, it'll make, it'll, it'll make put egg on their face and make 'em look bad.


And that's something they definitely don't want. So that's why, that's why I like that, that one of the reasons I like that they're doing that. I mean, sitting in Congress, do you guys, do you guys see the, the opposition or whatever you want to call it, the left, the Democrat side? Is anybody concerned about this at all? I think that, I think that there is a little bit of concern, and I think, I don't, I don't think it's, I, I think definitely a part of them wants it to be memory hold because of the fact that they called Trump Hitler and they called Trump a threat to democracy so much.


And so they know there's a possibility that they own a little bit of that, but they're also also elected officials. And so they, you know, some of them see the correlation, well if, if this could happen to the former president, it could happen to Me too. and so I, I do see a little bit of concern there as well, because there're, there are radical wack, you know, wacky people on both sides of the aisle. Right. They, they get death threats just like we get death threats. and so I do, I do believe that there is some concern there, but I also believe that a lot of them would like to see this memory hold because of, of, I mean, after it happened and Trump survived and had a, his historic fight, fight, fight, you know, moment, I think that really opened a lot of people's eyes.


'cause like, let's not forget, I mean, they tried to impeach this guy. They tried to bankrupt this guy, then they were trying to throw him in jail for 750 years. What's the progression there? We all knew what it was. I Mean, they silenced a sitting president. Yeah. you know, I mean, he's gone and Two, two guys, you know, and I used to, I, I told people out on the campaign trail, you know, and, and people around me, don't be surprised if, you know, they, they take a shot at this guy. I know Steve Bannon publicly said they were gonna try and kill him. I know Dan Bonino said they better tighten up, They're gonna after him Again. Yeah. They're gonna go after. And he said it the before, they went after him the first time and he said, in our hearing, he said, if you think this is the last time this is gonna happen, you're crazy.


Right? And so I, I think people realize that that was the, the progression and the, the track that we were on. Right. and so I think that the, the media and the Democrats know that they have ownership in that just because of how radical they got with, you know, the messaging they were putting out. I mean, if it was a lone, if it was just a lone wolf both times, you know, just the fact that, that the first guy was 20 years old. I mean, we've seen eight, nine years a year before he got elected. It kind of started right. Nine years of having that push down your throat. So That guy was what, 11 years old?


Since he was 11 years old. That's all he's heard from the media. Yeah. and so I grew up listening to that, You know, but it's always a lone wolf until we find out later that it wasn't. Yeah. Always. Every one of them, every one of our national, James, Earl Ray, I mean, here's a guy that didn't have a pot to pee in, ended up catching. He drove his brand new, they found his brand new Mustang at the airport, I think. And then they caught him in London, England, making a crazy shot off of commode in a bathtub through sideways. And you got Saran, what was it, what was the guy called?


Bobby Kennedy. Saran Saran, whatever his name is. you know, he was a lone nut. And then Oswald lone nut. And then, but you always, there's always the peripheral, but you find out about him later. And that's, and that's exactly what we're finding out. That's what nobody trusts the government. Kennedy killed 60, I I just turned 62 weeks ago and he got shot before my birthday. And they're still hiding it. They still won't release the stuff. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. What do you guys think about the fact that RFK will have pretty much sounds like free reign to investigate all of the former assassinations and attempts?


What do you think's gonna come out of that? I don't know, but I, I love it. I love the fact that they're bring that Trump is willing to bring in people even that he ran against who have the courage to speak out against, you know, the power elites in this country, bring 'em on the team and, you know, whether it's Elon Musk, RFK, and you know, let go to work. 'cause obviously we have a ton of unpacking, we have a ton of house cleaning to do. And you're gonna need people with that level of courage and strength. I mean, shit's gonna come out if he gets, if Trump gets in there, an RFK gets access to this, there's gonna be some shit that comes out.


What does that look like? What does it look like? I, I think It it, if the American people find out that the government is the one who orchestrated all these assassinations and assassination attempts, what, what does that look like in daily life? I honestly, I honestly don't know, but I do know this, if we're gonna turn this country around, and I think that's, you know, that's what we all want. It's gotta happen, right? We can't, we can't keep having a government that's supposed to represent the people working against the people and trying to, you know, take out and silence political opposition and the people themselves.


And so it's gotta ha it's gotta happen. So it could get really, really ugly. Obviously at the ver at the bare minimum, you're gonna see trust that already is really not there plummet even more. But it, it could get worse than that. What do you think, Tim? I welcome it. I think you're gonna have to tear it down to build it back up. Because these agencies have a history of this and they have a track record. I mean, we, you know, we can talk about the UFO stuff all day long. But these assassinations are just, you know, the, the way they, they put 'em together and the gun that shot allegedly shot.


John F. Kennedy was a man leaker, Italian carine. It was written up as a, a gun that never won a war. He could have gone into a Western Auto and bought something a much, much more precise. And, you know, every one of these is just, it is just too much. And I think it, it, I think it needs to happen. We need a cleaning and it should have happened years ago. And I think it's also gonna put people, more people's trust in Trump, because on both sides, people don't trust the government for good reason. I think it, that could be a unifying factor. Well, I think, I think so too. I mean, who, who doesn't want to know what happened to Jeff K?


But we, I'm going is if the government is involved, let's say everybody thinks it's CIA, right? Let's say that the CIA is 100% behind any one of those, or all of them. What's the next step? Well, the people that did it are dead, but the channels are still there. The, the thought process is still there that allows that to occur. It allows them to step outside the constitution and murder somebody. and so I think that that needs to occur before we have a a cleansing. Does the organization get dismantled? I think it could. It's gonna reemerge as something else.


I mean, if, if it has a vital need, then yeah, it should reemerge. But if it doesn't, then it should be, it should be taken down. We didn't have an EPA and I think Nixon brought the EPA in manual protection agency. So it's a Reagan one of the Republicans did. I'm sorry, I'm losing my chain of thought, but Yeah, I think it should. It'll be tough, Sean. I mean, it's like a lot of these things, it, a lot of it's gonna depend to me on, on the people of this country and whether or not they pay attention and they engage on it, right? Like we were talking at breakfast about, you know, just the primary boats that we just had, right?


Only a little over 30% of people turned out to vote in our primary election. I was talking to my friend Corey Mills, he's also been investigating this assassination attempt with myself and others. And he said in his district it was 19% of people. and so we love, and I'm as guilty as anybody at pointing the finger at politicians, but a lot of it is gonna have to do with what they want and what, how they rise to the occasion. Because if you keep seeing numbers like that, nothing's gonna change. And so a lot of it, like you can fire, they can fire me and Tim every two years if they think we're doing a horrible job, right? Yeah. Every two years you can get rid of me, right?


But because people don't pay attention because they're complacent and because we've had it so good here for so long, you know, this, people of this country are pretty complacent. They're pretty checked out and they don't really pay attention. and so I think that's what it's really gonna hinge on, is how fired up they get. you know, if in a hypothetical that this stuff comes out, you know, I think it's gonna hinge on them if they, if they pay attention, if they coalesce together and if they demand change. Because if we see the same, if we see the same, you know, pathetic turnout that, that we see all the time and just a bunch of people that want to talk about it, but not be about it, nothing's gonna change.


Yeah. I'm with him. I mean, Like, there's millions of, there's millions of Christians that will vote right now. They won't vote. There's, there's hundreds of thousands of outdoorsmen that won't vote. There's, there's demographics that would usually, you know, identify with the, in the, in the two party system, you know, with, with, with the Republican side of things that just don't participate and they don't vote and they have their own reasons for it, you know? But to my point, you know, we can sit here and, you know, and let's do it. I'm all about it. Let's do it. Let's blame politicians. But who keeps sending those politicians to Washington?


No, I'm with you. There's the old saying Congress has a 10% approval rating and a 90% reelection rate. Yep. And that is lazy fucking citizens that can't get off their ass. It Was just like when you tried, when you were doing that, when you were doing that survey, did you got frustrated, didn't you? I did. And then we got, yep. I think we're getting close to 350,000 signatures now. Yep. Thankfully you stayed after it. Go ahead, Tim. Yeah, I was gonna say, when we, my campaign manager, Thomas McAfee and I, we go out and knock on doors and we use a registered voters list, and you go buy a house that's got the don't tread on me, I'm proud American, or a Trump flag.


I say, pull up that. Why aren't we stopping there? And he'll pull up the list and he'll double check it and triple check it. Ain't nobody there registered to vote. you know? And you'll, you'll see these guys riding down the interstate with a American flag on, which I think is kind of disrespectful on the back of their pickup truck, flapping around all tattered. And you'll pull up, say, Hey, where do you vote? I don't know. Hell, they don't even vote. And that's, you know, that's the mentality. And the left understands that. And they've got these college campuses feeding into this. And, you know, they've got this life s this life supply of lifetime supply of voters. They just regenerate 'em every year.


And we are very shortsighted on the conservative side, very shortsighted. And we are gonna, as my dad would say, I'm afraid we're gonna get what we deserve. Yeah. I think talk is cheap, man. Talk is cheap and there's a lot of talk. But let's move into, let's move into Afghanistan and the, you know, I'm starting to feel like I'm beating a dead horse here. But I mean, it's important to me. We're we, I mean we fought these people for over 20 years. I don't know how many lives were lost. I don't know how much money was spent, how much equipment we, I mean, and, and now we're funding the same people that we are fighting The Taliban Upwards 40 million to $87 million a week.


IG came out and said, we accidentally gave 239 million to the Taliban. We already know. It's much more than that. Tim, you wrote up a bill. What was that initial bill?


Folks, there's a great deal to motivate you to take action, to improve your sleep. Now my friends at Helix are offering an amazing deal just for my listeners. You've seen that I've been on the road traveling a lot this year and always looking forward to coming home to my own bed and getting a good night's sleep. Hotels can be great, but there's nothing like knowing I will get back to my regular sleep patterns once I come home to my Helix mattress. My wife and I spent time searching for the right fit for our lifestyle. And Helix made it super easy. In just a few minutes, the Helix team learns about your sleep patterns and recommends the right mattress for you so you can get the perfect match from the position you sleep in to your body type or your unique needs. Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. And just for my listeners, they're offering 25% off site-wide, plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase And. if you purchase any luxe or elite mattress, you'll get a free bedding bundle that includes two dream pillows, a sheet set, and a mattress protector. Visit Helix sleep.com/ss to start your match today. That's Helix sleep.com/ss.


Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank, you, let's get back to the show.


As a longtime partner of the Shawn Ryan Show hoist remains dedicated not only to supporting our show, but also US military and first responders. Hoist is the real deal. No smoke and mirrors. They're committed to delivering IV level hydration made right here in the USA. They support our military through various non-profit organizations and have even developed a product designed specifically for military hydration needs with less sugar and more electrolytes than their competitors. I've mentioned before how I wish I had hoist during my military career. And I meant that for our military and first responders, hoist offers a special everyday discount when you use your government ID at checkout. And for everybody listening, you can get 15% off@drinkhoist.com by using my discount code. SRS. My favorite flavor that hoist has sent me is Strawberry Lemonade. Trust me, it's worth trying.


You just basically cut off funding to the Taliban taxpayers dollars passed the house, and it's sitting there. Schumer won't even address it. And I've talked to multiple senators, they're gonna try to attach it to this bill, attach it Now. that should be, Americans should just come unglued. Do you think that'd be a number one story with the legacy media? you know, they'd just say, Hey, these guys, what are they thinking? The Democrats in the house, they didn't want to touch it. I mean, that it, it went again, it went like to say, it went like Grant through Richmond. you know, they, they, they, it was unanimous. No discussion.


How can, how can they not be concerned that we, I mean, I've said this multiple times, I'll say it again. Nine 11 was a $500,000 budget. Now they have 239 million at the, at the minimum to make a move. We already know that the passport office is creating legitimate passports for terrorists after terrorists, after terrorists flying 'em down into South America, central American to funnel 'em up through here. Yep. We've already caught what I, I don't know how many, I know they caught at least eight, eight terrorists. Right? It's more than that. That the fbi, they Turned 'em loose into the Amer They've turned, I think that many, they've turned loose and they don't know where they are.


They have no idea what's coming On. No idea. And so how, how is anybody right or left Okay with this, because it is both parties. Both parties, it's both parties Are crooked in this deal. It's again, to the legacy media addresses it. And, and, and you know, when I was in the State House state legislature here in Nashville, I voted against the Oilers coming up here. I think there was probably three people in the house in the Senate a hundred, see 99 house, 99 house members. And I think two of us, three of us might have voted against it.


I had three phone calls from home against it. That was a groundswell of support, you know, and that's why I voted against it. And people just, if they were to light up their senators and say, Hey, why are we funding the Taliban? Where is that Bill? Where's Birch's bill? That's, you know what, what Eli said, you get a, a couple thousand people call you at lunchtime, man, and you get nervous. And that's what they need. They need to get nervous. This is just the tip of the iceberg. And if it hadn't been for you and Legend and some others, Scott Mann and Sarah Adams.


Yeah. They hadn't have gotten involved with it. It would've, it would've not gotten anywhere. Because, you know, it is funny, we had that bill filed and I get a call from leadership, say, Hey man, what's going on with this bill? I said, I don't know. I'm waiting on y'all to do something with it. He said, what's up? It's gonna be up next week. Get ready. And I told my people and I was like, listen, I gotta, I remember I got the text and I thought, well hell, finally, something's moving. Yeah. So, so only Schumer can do something about this at the Senate. In the Senate. That's where it's gotta go. Oh, another senator needs to address it and put it on one of their bills. But yeah.


Well I spoke with Senator Haggerty. Yeah, he called me. He called me actually from Japan one day and said he was gonna get working on it. But we gotta get, you know, we gotta get the pressure. I mean, he's gotta, that bill has to move in the Senate and the only person that can allow it to move is Schumer her. You wrote another bill up. Did you write another one up? Yeah. What's the next one? The Vienna protocol or whatever it, where we, we, what we do, we, in, in government, we duplicate so many, so many things. And, and what this is, is we are gonna identify these other countries that have a, that consider the Taliban and those groups terrorist organizations.


And we get together and we unify on the fight because what's happening now, you know, everybody hits one little area, this area, and we don't do anything with it. And this just forces our hand and exposes what we've been doing in the past. And that's where a lot of the discomfort is. But I don't care. We screwed up, we paying these murders, literally American tax dollars and, and this formulates that and it, and it keeps us from doing that in the future. And it, and it also is kind of a, a buddy check with the other countries that they, you know, we sort of like what NATO was originally intended to do. And it, and it, and it forms that basis for that.


It's a lot of bureaucracy. I usually don't like bills like that, but this makes a lot of sense that we, we start talking to our, our friends about our enemies and it, it cuts the middleman out and it saves us a lot of money in the long run. 'cause we're not duplicating a process somewhere else. We're not just wasting funds or assets. When is that going up? Well, it's, I filed it I think two weeks ago. So we're just waiting again. you know, these committee chairman, it's like moving a freaking glacier. Who, Who, what, what committees that going to? Let's see, where would that go? I just, we put it in the hopper. I haven't even heard back yet.


I'll have to let you know. I would suspect it would, it would have to be foreign affairs. I mean, what do what, like what do you think in there when, when you found this out? Fought in those wars? Yeah, I mean I hate, I hate to sound obtuse, but I feel like I've kind of been desensitized to it a little bit. Like I'm not, almost nothing surprises me anymore. you know? So, you know, it's when you just get outraged, you know, hour after hour, day after day, you kind of get desensitized to it. And so it's, for me, it's just kinda like, not surprised.


Let's try and stop it. And Tim put me on your bill. you know, but I, there is a level of desi, you know, desensitivity that takes place when you're up in that place long enough and you, you try and fight to, you know, not become that way to where you're so institutionalized that you, you know, quit caring. But, you know, it's definitely, it's definitely a reality. And, and I try not to get super emotional and just, alright, what's the problem? What's the mission? Who's got the bill? Let's go, let's get on it. Let's start, let's start applying pressure so that we can get this one fixed.


'cause it does, it feels like we're playing whack-a-mole up there. We're always 10 steps behind and you know, And, and we passed some good stuff and it just dies in the Senate. And I'm sure vice versa. But Eli will tell you, every day you're on the house floor and somebody says, and they always have their little rectangular cards. I might have one right here. Yeah. And they'll come up and say, Hey, my bill is, you know, the be kind of mother's bill or something. And yeah, sounds like a good bill. Would you sign on and say, sure. And how do, and then you don't ever, it never goes anywhere. It just sits in these freaking committees. It's very frustrating because the money changers are in the temple, brother.


They are in the temple and they pull the strings and that's the bottom line. And until we get people that, back to Eli's point, until these voters start recognizing that, that your, your Congress people are feeding you a load of bull when they come home, follow up with them, find out why they voted for that 2000 page bill called the transportation bill. That only, that 85% of it had nothing to do with transportation. Say what in it, in that bill. What is it that I'm mortgaging my grandchildren's future financial wellbeing that's worth it in that bill?


And if they can't give you an answer, vote 'em out. I don't care what party they're in. How do these bills, how do you educate your constituents on the latest bill agenda? I do my videos. They're, you know, I'm my redneck ass. I get out there and I'm holding the camera and I'm telling, I tell what it is and what I, that's how it's done. That's how I do it. And I'm seeing a lot of the people do it Now that's well produced. But I just, still, just me, you know. 'cause I'm too tight to hire anybody, obviously. And There's no, there's no pres official presentation. Yeah, Well there is, but again, like the save act, and Eli and I have talked about how frustrating this is.


you know, the save act prevents foreigners from voting in our elections. We already passed that in July and now they're tacking it onto another bill, a spending bill, you know, forcing Eli and I to vote for a terrible funding issues that are Pelosi, Schumer funding levels so they can pass this thing again. So we're gonna send it over to the Senate and force them to, to not do anything to shut the government down. And it just doesn't work because we're not putting out a message, unified message. We ought to hold a press conference every day, every dead gum day. We ought to pass a bill dealing with the border. If it may be the same bill every day, enforce the Democrats. But we don't, it's about getting reelected, Sean.


It's not about what's doing best for the country. And both parties are guilty of it. And that's in lies a lot of the corruption that's within our government. Well, let's move into, go ahead. I'm sorry. I was just gonna say, one of the ways that we do it with our voters, educating them on bills policy, we do town halls, tele town halls, social media. I know Tim does all this stuff too. We also do a newsletter. Yeah. you know, once a week we put out everything that, you know, we're either voting for voting against any bills that we have coming up. But, you know, it is, it is important, you know, to make sure that you're staying in communication. Sometimes if, if I'm torn on a bill because you know, it's, it's got some good stuff in it, but some bad stuff in it.


Sometimes I'll send out a poll to my district like, Hey, what, how do you guys want me to vote on this? So That, that's amazing that you did that stuff like that. Yeah. What are, I wanna move into government corruption, but real quick, what are some of the most concerning things that you guys are seeing up there at the house? What, what's, what's your primary concerns right now? Go Ahead. I'm sorry. I'll take this one first. If I, if I was to look at all the issues that we're facing, the, the number one priority I think for us right now is getting President Trump back in office. I think that alone alleviates, you know, and it won't happen overnight.


It'll, it'll take time. But that alleviates and starts to turn back a lot of these horrible policies that are destroying the country. So that's number one. The number one thing I think that is gonna stop that is illegals voting in our elections. Right? Because if you look at Arizona alone, be in the last election, it was about 10,000 votes a difference between Trump and Biden. Right? If you look at nationally, you know, the, in the five swing states, I think it was a little over 40,000 votes. There was the difference in that election, Sean, they've let in over 10 million people and they are trying to register as many of them as they can.


And they're, they're also using all the agencies, like even the SBA, we've done a hearing on that. Right. I just saw a, a clip of Harriet Hagerman and her committee, you know, they're using all of these agencies through executive order to get out into communities largely that vote Democrat in using these agencies to register. They, they'll hold an event, like a small business event. And at that event then they'll, you know, start registering people to vote. And so my biggest concern is what, you know, that the, they're gonna have a lot of these illegal aliens voting. That's, that's my biggest concern right now.


'cause I think that's the number one thing that p President Trump has never been up in the polls. He's up in the polls now, but in the past he hasn't been up in the polls. So he's up in the polls. Their candidate sucks, you know, she just does, she's a Marxist. She's more left than Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders. The reason that her campaign has shielded her from press is because they know the moment she opens her mouth and starts talking, this whole false identity that they've tried to create of her being a moderate problem solver goes away. And I will give her props for the debate the other night. 'cause she outperformed what any of us thought she was capable of.


But that being said, that's my biggest concern is illegals voting in this next election. Well, I got a question for it. you know, I mean, I just interviewed this guy, Eric Bethel. He was at World Bank. He was our representative at World Bank and we were talking at dinner and he was talking about the swing states. Yeah. And how these aren't correct numbers, but it's somewhere along these lines. Like Pennsylvania for example, the RNC has like three offices in Pennsylvania, but the DNC has like 40 offices.


How do you, how do you, I mean, we're not even take it take the illegal situation out. It's like, it's like the RNC isn't even attempting to win win the swing states. Yeah. They're not deploying anybody in there. They're not expending any resources. I'm gonna get myself in trouble for this, but I, I tell people, I if you wanna give money to somebody, give it to the individual candidates. You decide. Yeah. You look at somebody, you say, man, that guy's get on the internet and say that guy's struggling out in Arizona or wherever, but he, he or she is a great candidate and looks like they're close. I'm gonna support that person. 'cause what we had in the past with our leadership is that's no longer there.


But they u they were given money to go after Democrats. And as it turned out, several good Republicans, Anna Paulina Lunas, one of them, they used that money. Greg St. Stuy, when he first ran, they w they claimed they weren't in those races. They're not supposed to get in the middle of primaries. And they went after Thomas Massey and you know, they called 'cause I was in conference and, and Cheney, Liz Cheney said Thomas is a special case. And that's how he's in my phone now. Thomas special case, Massey, you know, and yeah, the rules don't apply to them.


And they've, we, and what they did was they went after conservative candidates. Yep. Who did our leadership They did. And they had $17 million. Sorry I'm pointing. They had $17 million and that was the money that was used against Eli in his primary, the, the money they used against Matt Gates, they might as well have just thrown that money down a Well, Nancy, the money they used against Nancy Mac. Nancy Mace, yeah. And they, Bob Bob Good. Bob good. They beat Bob good. And they had a couple of people that I know of. And one, they flew up to DC to run against me. And they, the polling data didn't show that they were a, would, would, would fare very well against me.


And I, yeah. And I was telling you Sean, when we were driving here, that's why a lot of repub, it's one of the many reasons a lot of republicans won't, won't do the right thing. Represent their voters and not the Republican party. Right. Because they don't want to get on the wrong side of that machine because that machine has a lot of money and they'll put a hit on you just like they did on me and Tim. And they weren't, Tim's so popular in his district, they weren't even able to recruit anybody run against Tim. The same things happened, same thing happened with Andy Biggs in Arizona. They weren't able to find anybody to primary Andy Biggs. 'cause he's beat everybody that's run against him. And nobody was like, I don't, I don't wanna go tangle with that. But you know, for a young freshman like me, they finally found somebody, they're Vulnerable that Was willing to jump in there.


And you know, thankfully, thankfully my voters had my back 'cause I have their back up there. Absolutely. But a lot of, a lot of politicians don't want to get on the wrong side of that machine. And they wanna stay there for a long time. you know, and e everything that goes with it. And that's why you, you rarely see people go up there and kick the hornet's nest. Yeah. The old timers will tell you to compromise. That's what we need. And that's what we're $35 trillion in net every a hundred days. We had another trillion. Neither party wants to, won't address it. And because of the compromise, the Democrats will never talk compromise when they're in the majority. But they sure are. Now What do you find the most concerning thing to be right now?


Obviously on the short term it's this election, which would have long term effects on the future of our country. But the spending, we just keep, we're addicted to it. We cannot address it. Both parties. Both parties. Both parties. The Democrats will Thank you for saying that Democrats will use it for woke stuff. We'll use it for, you know, missile defense plans or something. And, and that's why they passed these big humongous budgets. 3000 pages read down to page 26. Well, my wife or girlfriend or both is employed by this group I, that takes care of them. And here's my bridge. I need, I stop reading. There's, you know, 2085 more pages of spending.


And as long as they get their stuff, they're there. Yeah. If they don't, and that's why. And, and that's why we need single spending in Tennessee State. You're, we're filming in right now, our legislature, we have a balanced budget. Zero debt, single spending bills. If the caption has about dog catchers, there's not gonna be a dadgum pay raise in there for state legislators. It has to be about dog catchers all the way through. And that is why they don't want that in Washington. They don't want to pass a budget because if they did, every one of those jug heads up there would have to come out on the house floor and explain why their bill.


I can explain the funding in my bill why we don't need to be funding the Taliban and, and why it's, and I always want a clean bill. I don't want to attach anything else to it. I don't want any more garbage voted up or down. And eventually we're either gonna go that route or we're gonna become a third world country. It's another one of their tricks, Sean. It's another one of the establishments tricks because we've continually fund the government with crs or continuing resolutions or omnibus bills that are like, like Tim said, thousands of pages. Right. They, they got you between a rock and a hard place as a representative. Because if, if you vote no on it because you don't want to fund, you know, you know what, whatever agenda it is or some woke and weaponized, well You can take that out program.


The first bill I had up there, first budget, sorry, I'm gonna go back to you. The first budget I had had three different studies on lobsters and it was in three different ranking member or chairman or leadership people, district Republican and Democrat. And, and it just continued, you know, it was the same thing, but it was funding in there. And some of this funding, we've come to find out the programs of our don't even exist anymore. you know, where the hell does this money go? What? So yeah, you, well you have, you have armed situations that are that way where they, they don't, but they're still, they're funding this. They're building, you know, you'll build a a, a military device that's outdated or antiquated, but they're still gonna, and they're, all they do is what they call it, mothballing it.


And it's just gonna sit out in the desert somewhere and you see this time and time again in government. And yet it just keeps happening. It just keeps happening. And then when you say something like this, when this comes out, you know, I'll get the, Hey big boy, you better be careful. Talk on the house floor. It's the same old crap every time. Damn. But there's enough of it. There's a few of us that sit back there on center's row and right back in the back there about 25 or 30 of are just tired of it. And we called it out. And I think people are paying attention, but it just, how long will they pay attention when it starts affecting their, their sweetheart deal or their family's little junkets or businesses.


Let's move into the corruption inside Congress. Yeah. You'd mentioned something about the whistleblowers and how they need to be careful with communications and who they communicate with and, and the calls. And so I'm, I'm interested to hear how, how concerned are you guys with your communications to each other, your colleagues? Me, anything. Every bit of it. Very bit Very Concerned. I think everything I do and say is at some point tracked at least through the cell phones or, you know, they gave us, they gave me a cell phone when I first got to Congress.


I said, I don't want it. They gave Yeah, they gave you a cell phone. Yeah, they Gave us all a cell phone. They gave everybody a cell phone. And I'd got my own. I still, you know, I'm sure they can, if they want it, they can get it. I'm pretty small potatoes. I'm the 435th most powerful member of Congress. But the, but the, but the real corruption in Congress is in the structure. It's, and Eli alluded to it very eloquently earlier about, you know, the funding, how you, you have to raise money. You raise money for your conference, you're issued a bill when you get there. Everybody is the Democrats and the Republicans and everybody talks about it. And you know, they'll tell you, we're gonna see how you do on your committee selections if you wanna move up, how you do he, you know, on your, on your bills and how you're doing and how you do across the street.


And what that means is you're not supposed to be technically supposed to make fundraising calls from the office. You have to go across the street, the Capitol Hill Club or someplace else and how much money you raise for the conference. Literally, we've had committee chairman that have written a personal check and been made chairman of committees personal check. So, you know, I I've said this many times that if, if the NFL was Congress, Peyton Manning would still be waiting to get in. Wow. 'cause you, it's, it's not about putting the best player in. 'cause if it was, you wouldn't, I always remember this Steve Cohen across the aisle don't agree on anything. But he's my friend. He called my mama when my dad died when we were in the state legislature.


I remember one time we were looking at each other and this old chairman come up the, I came up the aisle and he's no longer there. So he came up to the aisle and they called for the vote and he turned to the little girl that was beside him and said, how am I voting on this? And she says, you're for this Mr. Chairman. He goes, oh, okay. Puts this card in, hits the green button. I remember looked at Cohen and we just shook head because that structure is in place. You gotta understand when you're a chairman, I mean you'll have how many 25 or 30 people maybe that work under you. And then all those people's jobs require and, and they're out whining and dining. They're not supposed to be, but surely they are whining and dining and they go on the junkets and they go on the trips just like you are as the chairman.


And you know, it's just constant. And they raise the money and they have to, to get in that spot, they have to raise the money. And so they keep 'em in that spot because they, 'cause you're a chairman and you're the one who ultimately decides if your bill's gonna have a rough go in your committee or not. And so, I mean that, that it's just a completely corrupted system because of that. 'cause I don't, I'm not a billionaire. Eli's not a billionaire and we don't represent a lot of billionaires and or millionaires for that matter. And it's, it's just tough on people like us because I don't, I can't raise the money that some of these guys can. Not that I'm, I I, I told my wife the other day if, if they begged me to be a chairman of a committee, I don't think I would do it just because of all the nonsense that's involved.


All the stuff you're expected to do and the money. What if you had a billionaire to write that check for you? That's what happens. That's how they own you. Well I think he's saying if, if you had so a billionaire that shared your worldview there Oh. And wanted you to fight. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. Are you willing? Are are you that billionaire? I wish I was Tim. I wish I was. Yeah. You gotta solve, Be a good chairman too. Yeah, I, I agree with you that I I, yeah, if you had one that, that shared your values, but that gets squishy, man. you know, you start, you get that call. What does that check look like? I'm just curious, what does the check look like to Get you? I think my dues this committee, 2 50, 200 50,000.


I'm a low man. I mean, 'cause I'm in a, not in a wealthy A check for $250,000 gets you in charge of a committee. No, no. That just gets my base dues, that puts me in good standing and that I can continue in the committees. I'm in probably a committee's probably 5 million, maybe something three or 4 million. I don't know. I don't know. But some of 'em raise a ton of money, man. They come in there and they announce how Much three to $4 million buys you A slide. I talked to, I'm not making you uncomfortable, Emma. No, no, no. I talked to one of, one of our friends and he, he told me that when he first got to Congress, he was told that he needed like, you know, to stroke like a, I think like $150,000 check if he wanted to be on a certain committee.


Yeah. And so he had to call some of his donors, you know, to, to fork up so that he could be on that committee. But to Tim's point, it's, it's a big part of the corruption in the structure And you can get to the bribery and all that other stuff. And now people are compromised and I've, I've talked about that till I'm blue in the face. But it's, and that's a reality too. People have family members that work for, I mean I'm just thinking as concerned as, as people seem to be. And none of this is illegal though. That's the problem. Well what I'm saying is yeah, you're right. It's not illegal, But it's Immoral. So how do we get you guys a couple of billionaires to fund you to be in charge of a committee? I'm not even fucking around here.


I'm being serious. Yeah, that's a good question. I dunno, maybe, maybe some of them watch SR s do. I don't know. Well, even, even That's why we're having this discussion. Even, Even then, you would probably still need leadership to sign off on it, wouldn't you? Yeah, Yeah. And you know, and since we've, you know, so I don't Think that's gonna happen. Noted against McCarthy, of course. That and that, that upset a lot of the structure because a lot of people had a lot of money invested in that structure because That had never happened before. Sean. Never, Not in the history of our country, had that ever happened. Yeah. So there's still a lot of butt hurt about it, you know what I mean? Because They'd invested a lot in that structure. And they could make the call and say, Hey, I need some help with this. Can you pick up the phone and and move this along and it Back committee would you wanna be on?


I, it goes back to what I was telling you. It's, it's, it's why I, I believe you need people that don't want be up there right. To, to, to go that hate it. And I think it's, I think it's even healthy for me personally. I have this, you know, I visualize the, the swamp finally getting me at some point, I, I believe they're gonna get me. They're gonna get rid of me. And that's okay. Right. Because it's just like I'm not there to be a career politician. I'm there to try and change the system. And in knowing that I know that it's gonna fa you know, I'm gonna face opposition and I'll have a lot of people that don't like me. But what I'm, one thing I hope that, you know, the example set is, is, is going to cause is I hope other people that are better, smarter, more talented than I am.


See that you can come into Congress immediately and you don't have to fall in line and do what you're told. You can actually represent the people that sent you there and try and change the system. Move on here real quick. I want to, we were talking about the communications and we've had offline conversations with both of you guys about phones. So these are the ones prints developed or print unplugged phone. So those, you can have all your social media apps on. There's actually a quick menu on there that you can turn on A VPN.


You can make it so that those applications on social media, any of the, any applications you can, all it is, is you flip a switch and they can't access any of the rest of your phone and suck that data out. There's a kill switch that actually puts something in between the battery and the phone so that you know, that's, you probably know this, maybe you do too. I mean the, even when you turn your phone off, they could still listen, but if you separate the battery then they cannot. And so there's a kill switch on those. Those, those things are the shit man. So you can just take it to your provider and get a sim card put in there. I have to make sure good to go. It fits the thing. We'll Probably have to, I mean I'll be listening to it.


I have to to write you a check, but we'll probably have to write you a check. We went just for, just for the record. We'll have to write you a check on these. We're Not allowed to, we're not allowed To receive this. It's probably over the limit. I'll have to find out if you'll find out what they're, what they're worth. Yeah. And then, and then we'll write you a check from the difference. Another, another, another rule. We Would love to catch him and I in this At It's so crazy. It's so crazy how many, how many rules we have, but yet how corrupt the whole System is. Yeah, well I mean it it's like when I was Are you fucking with me right now? No. No. You can't take, you Can't take a gift. Over 25 bucks, isn't it? 25 Bucks? I don't know, I just don't take anything. That's my rule. They're Definitely worth more than 25 bucks. I'll get it. We'll, we'll find out. I would love to have something like this because this is, this is something I would really love to have.


Yeah, Eric was just up in, he was just up in DC this week doing a foreign policy discussion with Mike Lee. It's pretty cool. Good. I only got to sit in for like 30 minutes of it, but I guess smart. Yes. Yes he is. Back to corruption, what else is going on up there? Why is everybody so concerned about reelection? Why are the, why are all these congressmen, senators, why are they Terrified? Navy train stops and they're terrified of people like you because you've hit some crazy nerve across this country. I'm at my Mexican restaurant. Some kids, the Mexican on Mexican restaurant attached to an Exxon's, really not a Mexican on.


They went up on their prices. Margaritas are like six bucks now you go, I'm not a drinker, but apparently that's a, that's not very, that's not a very hefty price. But anyway, everybody's talking about you and people like you are a threat to them. I really feel like that because they, they hope you're a flicker in the pan. And don don't think they understand the whole podcast situation. And I was at the ball game yesterday and one of my biggest supporter's grandson, he's like, Sean run really like that in real life. And I said, that's the way he is. And I was at a ball game and some young guy said something. So I, I think you've really struck a nerve in this country.


Got an answer for that. I think one of the reasons so many people are so worried about reelection is because this has become their identity. I think it's the same reason a lot of guys struggle when they get outta special forces or the SEAL teams or the NFL because it's become their identity. That's who they, they believe they are. And I think anytime you put your identity in something that can be taken from you, you're in trouble. And that's why for me man, I always try and come back to what is my identity man. And I'm an Im image bearer of God, man. you know, I'm a son of God, I'm a husband, I'm a father and that's what I try and put my identity in.


I'm an American. I love my country. you know, those are things that, you know, those are things that are more foundational. Even some of those things can be, you know, taken from you. But anytime you put your identity in something that can be taken from you, you're in trouble. And I think a lot of these people, they've never done anything really cool in their life or anything that they're super proud of. Some of them have, but you know, I think some of them get caught up in the, oh, I'm a congressman, or oh I'm a senator and you know, they don't wanna lose it. They don't want to go back to just being a, you know, regular old civilian And they'll compromise everything they got. And I Think that's what our founders wanted.


I think our founders wanted us to go, you know, into public service and then, you know, go back home and go back to whatever you were doing beforehand and not become a career politician. You know, what the worst, You know, Tim, you brought a great point up when, when you invited me Thank you by the way to the state of the Union. You had mentioned at some point you had mentioned, you know, none of these congressmen go back to their districts. They all hang out here like it's a fucking club and they're not worried about what their, what their voters want. They just wanna be in the social club. And that, that really resonated with me and I started paying attention and Yeah, it's, it e lies a hundred percent.


Once again, it is the identity. When I was in the state legislature, I remember guys would would leave and then within six months they'd be back up there. I mean people become sergeant at arms 'cause they just couldn't leave that. And I remember one time a buddy of mine called, he called a, a guy, a lobbyist. I knew his name was David McMahon. And he said, David, I lost. And he said, what? He said, I lost. And he goes, who is this? He told him who he was and he says, I've never heard of you. And he was joking. But the reality is is, and David is was friends with his guy until think he died. But he, the reality is, is that you don't, you know, you gotta realize that this is some, everybody's like, like you up there.


Hopefully they like you for the person you are, but you have to sometime realize that, that it's what you can do for them. And then when you can't do that for 'em, and I, you know, I always talk about how when if I go back home after the election, I said, you know, I'll probably be mowing a lot of these people's yards. you know, that's how I'll know 'em and that'll be the relationship because I won't be their congressman. And you, I think too many of 'em don't realize that. And that's why you see 'em, you know, they slip into depression, alcoholism and everything else after military, you know, or NFL or what have you. Professional sports or, or the spotlight that we're in because nobody, unless you're a consultant or something, you know, and that's, that's part of the crooked nature of it.


But yeah. Well you had mentioned the, the gravy train stops, but I just gave you a cell phone and you told me you're not allowed to take a gift over $25. So what gravy train, I think going to the front of the line, being invited to the concert, sitting in the nice box. Well there was just a same How about the insider trading? Yeah, for Sure. And there was just a, how much is that going on? Oh, that's a lot prevalent. There's a, there's a website Wells or something, I forget what it's called. You can find it, get your kids to show you how to find it on the internet at Google it.


But it, it lists, it lists all the legislators, you know, and their trades and everything. Heck Pelosi, everybody rails on her and she's not even, she's about halfway up, Who's the number one, Forget his name, he's a democrat. He had a 300% return. He left, he left though I think he left early actually shortly after that report came out. But still, I think he'd already had it in plans. So how, and it's equally divided pretty much between Republicans and Democrats. you know, I wanna point the finger I wished I could, but Yeah, and, and certainly some of them have a relationship with their broker where they say, I don't wanna know what you're doing and all that, but it, it's gotta enter into it.


And then there was just a senator that got like busted for having that jacket given to him with gold bars in gold bars in their pockets. I mean that's, that's extreme. But it, even stuff like that happens, you know, I mean, isn't extreme, you don't know till somebody gets caught and then they, they write the tell all books and you hear about stuff. I, before I got to the legislature, you know, they would have a, everybody in Tennessee would, there was a liquor store across the street, caddy corner. And you'd go by and, and you'd hand them your, a slip of paper and get your take home for the week, you know, and you could go on trips and it was unlimited.


And, and, and then they, they figured out a way to do, I don't know, $50 per person. So I was in high demand because they'd have to, they figured out an average and since I didn't drink, you know, I'd get like a hamburger and a sweet tea or something and that would be around six or seven bucks. So they'd bring the average down. So I got abide to every dinner, you know, and the legislature. But I mean, you know, the people that that write the laws are the ones that are gonna be breaking the laws 'cause they've already figured out a way to get around it. That's why they're paid the big money. And, and we, you know, there's a, the lifetime retirement after one, after you get elected, that's just not accurate.


It's, it's, it's not anywhere near that. And it's not a lifetime health insurance after one year kind of thing. It's, there's, I mean how are they getting these guys even like, even a lot of the veterans that I had so much confidence in getting into Congress. Obviously not you, but I mean they just crumble because Here, here's how it is. You, and I'll tell you how it was when I first got elected to the State House, the best thing that ever happened to me growing up was we never had money, but we were around people with money. So it wasn't, you know, I was, I was a T towler. I didn't drink when they started busting people for DUIs in, at UT college campus, I was always asked to, I was driving somebody's two 60 Z or their BMW or their Porsche because I get to smoke him out market and get chili dogs after midnight.


'cause they were hammered drunk and they knew I'd be sober and I'd eat for free. So fast forward, I'm in the state legislature, I get elected and all of a sudden the ladies are laughing at my jokes and compliment me on the way I'm dressing. People are telling me how that's a great story, man. Thank you and invite me to dinner, introducing me to people. I'm told, you know, all these great things and you just, you just start believing it. And you know, you, I've been doing this my whole, most of my adult life. And I mean, I just laugh at it 'cause I see it. 'cause I've seen people commit suicide, ruin marriages, never talk to their kids again.


I go back to the suicide that's happened more than once of people that I've served with. 'cause they got caught up in it and they were getting it popped and they couldn't take the heat. So they took their own lives and it just, you get elected. I was, I remember I was, I was first elected and I was sitting on the house floor and, and these guys were walking in and they're, they're coming into their committee with their entourage. And I, you know, you think once you're elected, you're gonna get, you're gonna, you're gonna be asked to negotiate a trade deal with North Korea or something by the president. That's just not the reality. But you, but you get this enforcement reinforcement from the lobbyists and the public and everything and you just, you start believing your own press releases.


And I'm sorry I've talked too long. It's okay. Go ahead Eli. It's okay. No, I, I think we might've discussed this before, but I think the, the biggest thing with military guys from my perspective is we have courage. A lot of us know how to think outside the box, I think, which we're, most of us know how to play on a team. And I think all those things are great skills that could be transitioned well into public service and Congress. I think that, I think where most, a lot of us get caught up is that we're so used to being a part of a chain of command, that when we go up to Washington and we see a new chain of command, 'cause like they have, you know, speaker, you know, leader whip on, on down, they see a new chain of command that they've gotta fall into and take orders.


And they also start to game plan. Well if I want to, you know, become a subcommittee chairman or then a chairman, or then get into leadership, how do I do that right so that I can affect the change that I wanna see happen here. And you know, I understand that mindset, but the way I always looked at it was that my chain of, first of all, that Washington DC is completely busted and broken and so therefore the chain of command is not doing a good job. And secondly, my chain of command is really the pe the 750,000, 800,000 people back home that sent me there. That's my chain of command. And so I'm gonna work for them. I'm gonna try and bust this up as much as I can.


And I just, I, I think, I don't think that, you know, everybody comes in with that mentality. And I also don't believe that many people, and maybe I'm wrong, Sean, but I don't think that everybody comes in with the mentality that a lot of people come in with the mentality of incrementalism. Right. Well, you know, you know, and, and back to Tim's point on compromise, if we can get one little good thing here, you know, yeah, I might have to vote for a lot of crap over here, but I'm willing to do it if we get, you know, a little win over here. And I've looked at it as in we're in big trouble. We need to make big moves. And that doesn't go over well in dc.


Not one bit. You know, one thing I've noticed just from talking to you guys and some of the other congressmen and senators and being around a little bit, and I fucking hate politics by the way, but you always hear that it's the, one of the most elite social clubs on the planet. And the observation that I have is that these people get in, they get elected into these social clubs and then kind of what you were saying, they buy into their own bullshit. They start thinking they're too important for everybody else except the, in this case, the congressional social club.


And even when they know shit is wrong, they refuse to call it out because they don't want to be, they don't want to be ostracized from the elite social club that they've just been elected into. Is there, am I on the right track here? You, you are. And then there's a step above it. So they don't wanna be ostracized from the elite social club, but if they want to be promoted within that elite social club, because you know, I know, I know members that are angling for bigger spots right now. you know, and if, if you got, they gotta be very careful politically on not to piss off the wrong person that could cast a vote or even, you know, have a backdoor conversation that would keep them from that position.


And they're, they're all working angles. Yeah. There's a committee that feeds this too, the speaker, if that makes sense. And that's sort of the, the hierarchy. I forget the name of them, but it's, oh, I call it selection committee. Or even if you wanted an appointment that had, you know, took senate confirmation. Right. A lot of these people are thinking about that. Like, if I want that spot where I need to get confirmed by the Senate, I can't vote against that senator's bill. 'cause you know, that's the one vote that, that I need to get over the hump. Like, and that's politics. And if somebody dies or somebody gets indicted, man, the ink's not even dry on it and they're already figuring out a way to get to that position, seeing it, how it moves them up.


I can be, I can move up from nothing to be the third assistant to whatever I forget, you know, they've got all kinds of names, but it's, to me, it's a bunch of BS and that's not unique to the government. I mean, there people in corporate America, people in the military, people in Church, We're, we're, I think they can Committee, That's our, that's our nature to be selfish and to be self-serving. Right. But I think it's definitely, you know, elevated and escalated there just because of the power and the prestige of, you know, working, you know, in, in the federal government at tho at those levels. More people have played professional baseball in this country than, than have been elected to Congress.


That tells you how elite or whatever you wanna call it. Yeah, yeah. Is there anything else we're missing? I'm sure, I mean we could probably talk about this all day long, probably for a week. I just remember I was at a YouTube football game and this chairman ended up, he ended up getting indicted. I remember he pulled up and I think he parked kinda illegal and he got out of his car and was strutting through the crowd and get his tickets to the ball game or whatever. My buddy, he said, who's that? I said, well, he's a pretty big deal in Nashville.


And he said, tell him he ain't in Nashville anymore. He is in Knoxville. He ain't nobody here. And I think sometimes we forget that I see these guys come out of their district and you know, I don't know anybody, nobody knows me in Eli's district. And I think sometimes we forget that, that we we're supposed to be back home representing that group. I do wanna bring something back up about when we were talking about biggest threat, biggest threats and I said getting Trump in and then illegals voting. I don't know if I brought up the fact when we voted on the save act, which would keep illegals from voting. And I think this is so important. I think it was only five Democrats voted to support it.


Only five Democrats voted to stop illegals from voting in our election. And I think that's so telling and so important. 'cause I know you have people on all sides of the spectrum that watch this show. Explain that one to me. Right? Explain that one to me. You guys have created and orchestrated a system that has allowed over 10 million people within four years to come into the country. And now your party is fighting to allow them to vote. And you call us a threat to democracy and you have the audacity to talk about foreign intervention in elections.


Think about that. Do you know who the five were by chance? I don't. It's public record. Yeah, I'd love to know that. We'll find it. I'll put it out on screen. Give them a little kudos. Yeah. But Wow, You know, I know this super tough touchy subject obviously, but people talk about it all the time. Civil war. You guys think we're headed to a civil war? I think it's, I think it's possible.


I think at the very least, I think we're headed towards civil disobedience. I think that will come first. And I do think we're headed down a track of, you know, towards totalitarian rule. And I said that the other day, I was talking about the Kamala Waltz ticket. you know, when, when he talks about, says publicly one man's socialism is another man's neighborliness. And then she regularly talks about equal outcomes. That's the dialect code, that's the code, that's the dialect of the socialist. The totalitarian 100%. I think I was sharing with you that some reporter asked me, 'cause I was talking about that at an event with governor Greg Abbott.


We were stumping for Trump a couple weeks ago in Arizona. And she said, what are you talking about this ticket being totalitarian? And I just looked at her and I said, well, what governments censor their own people? And that was it. But it's like they, it's not even, it's not, they're not even really trying to hide it anymore. No. you know, of all the things that Trump was fact checked on the other night in the debate, notice how he wasn't fact checked when he talked about Kamala's dad being a Marxist professor. They got through that quick. Yep. She didn't, and she didn't, she didn't, she rebutted many things, but she didn't rebut that.


And you know, it's just, it's just telling to me because, you know, the, the strategy of Marxism is divide and conquer. Right? Back in, back in the day it was divide us all up economically, the haves and the have nots now they've employed and I think even more effective tactic here in the West. And that's divide us all up by race, ethnicity, gender. And Dr. Vodi Baum would call that cultural Marxism. And I think it's been very effective here. But instead of trying to unite us around the, the values that, you know, have made this country so great and have created so much opportunity and prosperity for us all, they try and divide us up on all these, all these different metrics and barometers, you know, and it just makes us, makes it easier for them to conquer us and then to present themselves as the savior, as the solution.


And I, it, it blows me away that some people can still be gaslit into thinking that the federal government would ever be the solution for anything. I, I think the civil War question is, I think it'd be more of a regional thing. I always remembered when Trump was given a speech to the White House and riots were, remember where Rand Paul got attacked him and his wife did. And then I was, I guess we were maybe a hundred yards behind that. and so we went back the other way, and I remember the police were, I remember Andy Barr from Kentucky, his wife had died and he had his two precious little girls there in these pretty little matching dresses.


And people were just saying filthy stuff. And I'd had enough. And I told those, I, I asked that one little girl, I said, you want me to carry you? And he said, no. And I just held her little hand and I, I told her, I said, those people probably just needed Jesus honey. I said, we pray for 'em. And, and it seemed to give her a little comfort. But anyway, we had the girls, Mark Green was with me on one side, and I remembered the police. This town was like, bordered up, boarded up and, and I'm, I'm not a big city guy, so, but the blocks on every corner, that's where the cops were. And they weren't allowed to go within the, the city within the block. They were told where to be.


And I just thought, this is what civil war looks like. I mean, this is, and I think it, it'll be a regional type situation where people will move out of the, the, the people who can, will get out and they'll come to places like Tennessee refugees, so to speak. And then they will end up, when they leave their states though, they will turn them over to the cabal or whatever, the corrupt, far left machine. And that's what will, and I think you'll see two Americas emerge more so than we have now. And also, but, you know, I'm at these gun shows and I hear these guys talking tough, you know, and I said this at breakfast to y'all that they're gonna, you know, if a tank rolls down the street, they're gonna hands will go up.


You guys would know how to handle that. But people like me will not know how to handle that. I, I just can't see that being happening. I see somebody shoots a couple shots and they get 'em fired back and they're throwing the white, the white flag up. So I, I just, I don't, I i I don't know how you would, how what that would look like. I think all about it all the time. And I, I mean, I don't think it looks like how traditional civil wars look. I mean, I mean, look, we saw, we saw a 17-year-old kid and an entire city of riots with what three bullets done immediately stopped.


I don't think that's what it looks like. I think it's like what you're talking about. And I think it's already starting. I mean, you see, you see there's a massive migration happening in the US right now. You see red states going farther red, you see blue states going farther blue. I think that some of that, I mean like let's for example, and I'm not asking what your guys' stance is on it or anything, but abortion for example, like my personally, I think it's a little, A little out there to be hunting women down that have had an abortion and throwing them in prison.


But I don't think that's actually gonna happen. I I think that that is a deterrent from getting lefties to move into the state. I think that some of these other things that are far left are deterrence for people on the right to move into the state. And I, I think it's dividing right now on top of that, you see these governors starting to align. I mean that event that we went to in Nashville, what, a couple weeks ago, maybe a month or two ago. Yeah. It was what the governor of Louisiana and, and Governor Tennessee talking about how they are aligning on all these issues and sending in the National Guard to help on the Texan border.


Yep. I mean this is kind of how it starts. It's kind of how it's, it's not kind of how it starts. This is how it Starts, you know, 15% of the population voting too. So, You know, The war, who's gonna notice almost kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. you know, I mean, is there, talk about this up in Congress? Not really. I don't hear a lot of talk about it. Maybe maybe a joke or here or there, but I I I do think there's a level of detachment up there clearly. And just not, not representatives pick picking up on the frustration of the American people and the frustration of the continuance of the status quo.


Do you think, I mean, what do, what would it look like, man? You guys seem like pretty forward thinkers. Well, of course. What does it look like? We, We, we lose our, we lose our firearms. We Fooled him. He thinks that we're forward thinkers. Forward Thinkers. I know our, our evil plot is Good job to Thanks. IIII worry about makes a lot of people uneasy. But You know, Kamala Harris has said that, you know, she'd like to get the guns. What does that look like? How do you get the guns?


Do you feel like state? I mean, I think that's the start of it. You got a Second Amendment and then without a second Amendment. It was clearly put in there for a reason. And clearly people abuse it. There's no question there. But it's, Do you feel like state government's becoming more important than federal? I think it originally was designed that was, except for national defense, that was it. I think it's, I I think that's important. you know, and unfortunately not a lot of people pay attention on the federal level or the state level. But I think you're seeing now, especially post covid, how important it is to have a strong state government, you know?


And so many people benefited by being in a red state and many people fled outta blue states to go live in red states just because they could still, you know, have some, you know, level of freedom. And so it goes back to something I was talking about earlier, how important it is that people actually pay attention and do the bare minimum, you know, of what it, what it means to be a citizen and be engaged, be educated, you know, vote, be an activist. There's so many, there's so many ways you can participate in this government. But what, here's the key. What happens when you don't? You're seeing it right now. It's al there's always a vacuum. And that vacuum is filled by something.


And what's it being filled by right now? Yeah, Bob Dylan had a song, he became a Christian for a while. I'm not sure if he still is or not. I don't know what his faith is, but he, it was called You gotta Serve Somebody. And it was in the line, you gotta serve somebody, be the devil or the Lord, but you gotta serve somebody. And what I think he was saying was, if you're not filling that gap, the other side is it's just a vacuum. There is no vacuum in politics. It's either at the table or you're on the dad gum menu. And right now America is on the menu because the fat cats are, are getting fatter and all they're concerned about is, is keeping in power and keeping that, that cash machine rolling.


How much do you think the states can shelter its citizens from the federal government? It depends on who's in the White House. Yeah. And, and up to this point, I think quite a bit. you know, when you look at, just like going again back to Covid, you know what life was like when you had a gov, you know, a governor, you know, who wasn't enforcing any of the mandates that other states were enforcing. Even in, even in Texas right now, you have a governor that's willing to actually, if the federal government won't protect the people, which is one of its primary responsibility from the invasion coming over our southern border, that governor there has actually erected walls, barriers, you know, Constantine wire to protect his own citizens.


And so up to this point, I think, you know, it, they have been able to play a very big role on, you know, the prosperity and safety of their citizens. To, to Tim's point though, how long does that continue based on, you know, where we're headed and the type of candidates that we have, Now that are running on the other side of the ticket who are way too cozy with totalitarianism. And, and one of the things you gotta realize too, with the illegals is that who supports that? Who supports that issue? The National Chambers of Commerce do, the National Chamber of Commerce did. Every time there's a bill, they're always mucking it up. you know, you gotta remember, they're y'all, they're your little local Chamber of commerce.


Well, they give 1% or something to the National Chamber of Commerce. But you gotta realize they endorsed about four, first time I ran six years ago, about 14 or 15 of Pelosi closest to allies. And they kept the Democrats in power. And that was obviously against small business, but large business loves it. They love the fact they have some guy on their roof, your roof that doesn't speak English. And when he falls off, he's not gonna do anything. 'cause he's afraid he is gonna get deported, they're gonna take him down to the emergency room and then you and I are gonna pay for it. And the big boys, they're still gonna be making, making their cut and the working class people are gonna suffer and they continue to rise.


My daddy used to always tell me, I said, dad, why are these people, why would they be for communism? He said, because they're the ones that'll be in power. They will be in power. Well, what's the answer? What's the Answer? I'll tell you what the answer is. Revival. That's right. As a Christian, that's gotta be the, at the first and foremost, I think we've gotta realize where we are as a nation. And preacher's gotta start, preach, preaching the gospel again and not be afraid of it. Be bold. I spoke to a group of preachers a couple weeks ago. I said, y'all just gotta be bold. Quit being afraid, man, we got your calling. Is is is bigger than the United States government. And I think we've allowed them to get in their comfort zones too much.


And we gotta call 'em out. And they've gotta, and that's where it's gotta start in this, in my, in my opinion, there's other areas of course, and people are gonna say, oh, but you know, I'm an atheist or whatever. But, but as a Christian, I, I think that's where it's gotta happen. We have, we have failed, we have turned from God and we've allowed this transgender thing. I mean, good gosh, we're allowing kids to permanently scar their bodies, their testicles removed little, little boys and little girls getting their breasts removed and we're celebrating that. On, on that note, Sean, there's a, You might want to edit all that out.


I Apologize. I don't care. There's a scripture I do care in second Corinthians, and it says, I don't know if by heart, but it says something to the effect of, if my people who hear my voice will humble themselves and pray and repent Upon my name, Then, then, then I will heal them. And I will, I will hear them, I will and I will heal their land. Like I think that is the biggest, most important thing going on here. I think everything that you see is just a ramification of, like Tim said, pushing God out of everything. And I think that you're seeing God, you know, be like, okay, you don't, you don't, you don't want, you don't want me.


Okay. Yeah. Well, and, and I think, I think that's the key, you know, a people that have turned their back on God and every time this hap, every time that happens throughout the scriptures, it's always the same cycle. It's always the same cycle. And it never ends well until it gets so bad that people finally are willing to humble themselves and turn back to God. and so I, I hope we do it. I hope we do it before it gets much worse. But based on what I'm seeing in the culture, I'm, I'm not, I'm concerned. I, I don't think Trump's the Messiah. I don't think he's, I I, you know, I, I was asked on the B, BC, they were making fun of something I said about God's will.


And I said, you know, I, I'm a Christian. I believe the scripture says Sparrow falls from the sky. I know it, I know how many hairs are on your head. Of course on yours, there are a few less than are on mine and Eli's. But my point was is that it, it, you know, we have, every time God puts his hand out, we've swatted it away. It's the old adage, you know, this old redneck farmer's on a roof on his ladder and he starts falling. He says, Lord, help me. And then a nail catches his pant leg and or his, his overalls and he says, nevermind Lord, I got it well in mine. And Eli's in your minds, God put that nail there.


And you know, and I have, I'm a big believer in that. I was, when I was county mayor, we had a, I used to ride around in these ice truck, the snow trucks and they'd go out and salt the roads there in Knoxville, Knox County. And we hit this black eye spot. I'll never forget it. It just, this just almost just went slow motion. And we were just sliding. I looked over and we were going off a cliff and I looked down there, there was a dead deer carcass. I thought, how ironic is that? And that thing, that truck goes like this, it just goes and it just stopped. And I, and there was one tree there and the press asked me about that, what I think about that. I said, God planted that tree 60 years ago, knowing that my dumb ass was gonna, would've died.


Problem. I mean, I could've, we literally, 'cause it was, and I'd probably end up with a jack stand impaled in my head or something. But I, you know, continuously in this country, we swatted away when trump that bullet and what they were making the point was with, I said, that was God's will that Trump missed. you know, I don't think he's, I don't even know if he's a Christian or not, but I I, I know what he'll do if he's in, in power. And you know, king David, for instance, terrible guy. I mean, he sleeps with Beth Sheba, his best general, his best buddy's old lady, has the general killed, sends him out in this area and then he pulls everybody back and leaves him in there and he gets killed. But, but God had favor on him and and he led, he led the Jews through it all.


And he, to this day, he's remembered was one of the great, he, as a matter of fact, the only, I think he's one of the, the only non-American who's, there's a in the, in the capitol there. He's got his, his face up on the wall up there. And, and so I, I, he's not a perfect vessel. Trump isn't, but I, I think for some reason He is our best choice right now. Yeah, man. Well it's funny you mentioned that. 'cause me and Eli were talking about that on the way over here too, that I think the left versus right thing is it's not working.


No, it's not. I mean, and, and that, but but also it keeps the big boys in power. And you don't think that they're not just laughing. I mean they're at the end of session, they'll, they had a lot of the head boys in both parties. They're up at Kenny Bunk port or someplace drinking a expensive glass of wine or something toasting each other, laughing at us. And I think we gotta realize that these, these parties are leaving us, man. And but to that point, that's why I love, even though I know this, this sub title, the America First Movement, I know it's been hijacked and turned into some like white supremacy, like nonsensical, you know, thing.


But I love that the movement because it puts Americans of all political parties, you know, of every color first. And I think that's what we've been missing. That's what the uniparty, that's what the cartel, the establishment, whatever you wanna call it, that's what it fails to do on a daily basis. And that's why I love that movement because regardless of whether you're talking energy policy or border policy, that movement is based on putting, you know, democrat, democrats, republicans, independents first, if they're American citizens, Man, that would be nice. It would be, that would be nice. But, well, gents, I know you guys are on a time crunch, so I'm gonna wrap this up, but I just wanna say, you know, we talked about the voting.


Only 15% of the people vote. Most people are too lazy. I would say just grab a buddy, drag their ass to the poll and make them vote. If we all did that, then we get double the numbers. So on that note, I just wanna say once again, it's an honor to have you guys, you are, there's not very many people in Congress that still have control of their soul. And I Thank you guys do. And, and I just, I just really appreciate both of you, you know, with the Afghanistan stuff, with the Brad Geary stuff all, I mean, you guys are just always doing the right thing.


And at least it appears to me and It's an honor for me to be here with you two guys. Y'all served our country and that in my family, that goes a long ways. And I'm, I'm always, it's an honor for me to call you two guys, my friends. 'cause I'm in public a lot and people ask me about you all. And, and I don't tell you that enough that how much I appreciate you guys because it's a, it really is an honor for somebody that, because you know, my dad served and my mama flew an airplane and my wife's deceased husband, the biological father of my child served, you know, and I, I never did My brother-in-law's were in Sniper. I never served my dad come country. And you guys did.


You weren't drafted, you chose, and you, you were called on to do incredible things. And I'm in honor. It, it, I'm in awe of you guys and it is incredible honor to call you guys my friends and I appreciate it. And y'all let me hang out and, and say stupid stuff and I appreciate it. Thanks Tim. Thank, you, it's a, It's a good note. Alright brother. God bless Thank You.


Hey, it's Rich Eisen here, join me and my compadre Chris Brockman. Every Monday on the OverReaction Monday podcast, Rich Jamis has taken the Browns to the playoffs. Dude, why can't they win seven, eight games to finish the year? Why Not? I'm not saying it's no, why not? But this is a definitive statement that's clearly an overreaction and it's perfect fodder for a show like this one. I appreciate you coming outta the gate hot. Come react or overreact with us. OverReaction Monday, wherever you listen. It's game over, over man.