
This episode is brought to you by Skinny Pop. Popcorn perfectly popped, endlessly Delicious. Oh, so light and crunchy. Skinny pop original popcorn is the snack you've been searching for. Made with just three simple ingredients, popcorn kernel, sunflower oil, and salt snacking. Never felt or tasted so good. Perfectly popped. Endlessly delicious. Give yourself permission to snack and pick up Skinny Pop original popcorn today.


Dale Stark, welcome to the show, man. Thanks for having me. It's a man. I've been watching your tr your Twitter for, or I guess X now for quite a while. And I love your page like this. The wittiness and the comments and just what you post is awesome. And on top of that, it's an honor to have you here. I've been wanting a pilot for a long time and as I've been watching it, I've just been like, man, I think I would really get along with that guy. So I'm just really stoked here. My first Air Force airplane pilot that I've had in here.


And hope, hope you're the first of many. Absolutely. thanks for having me. You're welcome. You're welcome. But everybody starts off with an intro, so I'm gonna give your intro here real, real quick. Dale Stark, a retired United States Air Force, a 10 pilot prior enlisted C 17 crew chief. You have received four air medals, 13 aerial achievement medals, and four meritorious service medals. You made it to Lieutenant Colonel and Squadron commander. During your time in the military, you flew combat missions during multiple deployments to Afghanistan in 2006, 2010, 2014, with 3000 total flight hours.


After serving nearly 22 years with the military, you finish your service to the country, instructing for the Air Force in Tucson, Arizona. Since retiring, you've become a rancher and devote your time and energy into supplying the community with wholesome, locally sourced beef. You're a husband, a father of two beautiful girls, and a Christian. Am I missing anything? That's, That's pretty much it. I got a feeling I'm missing a lot here, but we'll get into that stuff here in a little bit. But man, I love your, I love your farm.


You call it a farm or a ranch. You know, it's kind of, the way I've generally heard it is that if you're doing primary like plants, it's farm. If you're raising livestock, it's a ranch, but it's not like some massive yellow operation. you know, it's a, it's a single man deal, 58 acres total. And then, like you said, primarily raisin Angus, grass fed, grass finished beef. So man, farm, ranch, whatever. you know, I kind of use both terms sometimes. Yeah. Homestead, you know what, what, whatever works for you. So Did you grow up doing that or is this like a steep learning curve for you?


I grew up around ranches a lot. My dad was like a horse trainer, a horse shoer, a saddle maker, so, you know, in the ranching industry. And then I live not too far from a dairy farm. One of my best friends was, you know, born and raised on this dairy farm and I would help them, you know, bucking hay in the summer. So I've been around it a lot as a kid. Really. Well, we're, I want to get into your ranch operation more towards the end and, and kind of what led you into that. But, but first let's get into the interview. So before we get started, two in the weeds here, everybody gets a gift.


I don't know if you're familiar with that. Oh, oh, you have to open right now as I can here for the gummy bears, right? That's, Hey. Oh yeah, There you go. The packaging's killer too. Thank you. So, yeah, made here in the USA, some people gimme shit about that 'cause I've, I've turned into a little bit of a health nut, but you know, there are no healthy gummy bears, so, you know, Dude, sometimes you need gummy bears. They're amazing. They're amazing. But kids are stoked too. And they're legal in all 50 states. Not that that matters in Oregon, but, but, but hey, if you go anywhere else, those are legal. But yeah.


So let's dive into, we're gonna do a full life story here. So I want to go through your childhood. It sounds like you had a traumatic experience at some point there. And so I'd like to talk about that and then we'll move into your military career and maybe some about the country and what you're doing nowadays. And, and we'll wrap it up there, but starting off, where'd you grow up? So I was born in a small town on the Oregon coast. So it's kind of a, mainly a timber town and also lots of fishing. Those are kind of the main industries, but moved around a lot.


So I think we lived in 18 houses by the time I was 18 years old, so, you know, lived in Idaho, Washington, Oregon obviously lived in southern California for a while. So just kind of, you know, lots of moving around. So my dad, you know, why Did you move so much? Do you know? you know, It was the way I saw it at the time. Maybe a little bit of a different era, but, you know, my dad would take a job where the job was and we would move. So whether it be seasonal work, you know, he did some logging, like one of my first memories is we were basically camped out all summer, just outside of a logging camp near Cascade, Idaho.


So, you know, living in a, basically like a army tent, fishing, hunting, trapping. You guys were living in an army tent? Yes. How many brothers and sisters did You have? One brother older than me. So just, yeah, whole summer in the woods. 'cause damn, he had a logging job out there. And then when that, you know, that job would come to an end, or school would start, then he'd find another job. So, you know, it was just, there wasn't like all these programs and this and that. It was you, you went where you could get a job at that time. And that's what we did. So, you know, and then there was other things for kind of like saving money. So it'd be like, Hey, you can live in this house for six months if you guys fix it up, or something like that.


So just, yeah, just lots, lots of moves. So Did you like living in that tent? I look back on it now as the best time of my life Really? Yeah, I mean, we were just outside in the woods in Idaho for an entire summer. Like, just like, I didn't even understand until I was in the Air Force that people didn't just have access to like thousands of acres of forest out their backyard. It was just like our birthright living in the west, you know? Yeah. And then, you know, later I, I'm in Texas, done with basic training and tech school and want to go to the woods and you're like, there are no, there's no, it's all private land. You gotta know somebody to go hunt or whatever it may be.


Is it like that everywhere out west? I mean, I can't speak to everywhere, but there's just, there's tons of like, national forest, state forest, and, and even the lands at the timber company zone will allow you access. So, and Me and my wife just went to Park City, Utah. We've been going out west for the past couple years and minus California. I love, I love it out west, it seems like, I don't know, man, it just like, like you're saying, like you have to know if you want to go hunt or you want to be out in the woods, you either have to own the property or know somebody that owns some property and out there just, it seems like the conservation is a lot, like they really took it seriously out there.


But on the east coast and kind of mid Midwest, they, they didn't, and the outdoors just seems so much more accessible out there. It really is. And I don't really know all the, the history as to how that happened. It's just, it's a big place, you know, and there's a lot of, a lot of terrain that's probably not necessarily ideal for development. And so, yeah, it's just, like I was saying, it's just, it's picture of just having unlimited access to seemed like infinity, you know? Yeah. You could, you could go anywhere, do anything, come home at dark kind of thing. So I, you know, looking back, I look at it as a privilege.


I think it, it makes you resilient. Had a I had a real close family, so, you know, I had my brother wherever we would go, so it, it was fine, you know? Was your mom in the picture? Yep, my mom. Awesome. Just, it's funny, like, I can't imagine people doing what we did now. Hey man, we're moving to the woods for the summer, like, how's that gonna go over? Yeah. But yeah, she's just a good sport, you know, just like very faithful Christian. Always knew that God would provide and he always did. So it was, it was just an, I looked at it as a big adventure when I was a kid. Yeah.


What, what kind of, I mean, what kind, what would you do out in the woods? What were you and your brother into? Oh, We just build survival forts. Like, my dad would let us go, like sleep in these forts we had built overnight and stuff. So we're like, okay, we're gonna, you know, we love Rambo, like that whole kind of GI Joe, that whole genre. Yeah. So yeah, we'd just, we'd go build forts, go fishing, make little snares for rabbits and stuff. Like, just, just stuff kids do, you know? Man. That's cool. That's cool. I, I was talking to, I think it was, I can't remember who it was the conversation with, but I read, went in, read, we, we were having the conversation on the show and he was saying that kids that grow up and around in and around nature have, I can't remember the percentage, but when it comes to like all these sicknesses and shit that are going around a, DH, D, all, all these kind of autism, all these things.


It sounds like the kids that grow up in nature, that have experience out in the woods are a lot healthier when it comes to mental health versus kids in the city. Have you heard anything about that? I've, I've read things and it, it makes sense to me anyway. It seems to like more in line with how we have lived through most of human history. So yeah, you take a, take a boy and make him sit in a classroom and watch screens all day or whatever it may be. It's, you're, I think you're kind of asking for trouble. Yeah. Yeah. Well, so you went, you wound up in, was it California?


Yeah. So when, I think it was sixth grade, my dad got a horseshoeing job, so that was kind of his main profession. So he, you know, working on show horses, race horses, he was really good at it. So he got on at this place down in Southern California, which is where he grew up. And we went out there for, I think it was four years. So kind of like basically sixth grade to the start of high school. Yeah. So, yeah. And that was interesting 'cause we're mainly in like rural areas up to that point.


And now we're living like near San Diego. How'd that go?


When I was in the SEAL teams, I loved to dip. I spent a lot of time on operations and dipping was a ritual. So if it's a ritual for you too, I get it. If you're an adult age 21 or older and use nicotine or tobacco, I want to tell you about an American brand. Black buffalo, black buffalo's, nicotine pouches do not contain tobacco leaf or stem, but they are packed with tons of flavor and nicotine. The magic of black buffalo is they discovered a way to make cured edible green leaves behave like the texture of tobacco and have classic flavors. You're in good company if you roam with a black buffalo herd. The business was built by dippers with decades of smokeless tobacco use. They manufactured their tobacco alternatives with respect for those products that came before them. Bold flavors, full pouches, metal lids, and a brand that stands for something America. Their products are also proudly endorsed by many, myself included. If you're 21 and older, consume nicotine or tobacco, join the herd and head over to Black buffalo.com to learn more. You can order online and they ship directly to most states or check out their store locator to purchase pouches at thousands of locations around the country. Black buffalo, an American brand, and pouches worth respect. Warning, this product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Black Buffalo products are intended for adults age 21 and older who are consumers of nicotine or tobacco.


Yeah, it was, I mean, it was a good experience in a lot of ways. Like I became, so something that I tend to do, and I started as a young age, is just get obsessed with one thing. And so I fell in love with skateboarding at that timeframe. So I'd started that in Oregon a little bit, and then we moved to California and it just took off. So I'm like, you know, I heard like Tony Hawk Oh yeah, man, like all those guys, the Bones Brigade. So I'm like, I'm watching those videos, I'm going to the skate parks every day after school, all summer long.


Just, you know, sleeping with my skateboard in my bed just became completely obsessed with, with that sport at that time. And so, you know, it was cool, like I said, growing up in these, these kind of rural communities, which, which I loved and what I prefer now, obviously, but then now I'm, you know, sixth grade and junior high and living outside of like, Hollywood and skateboarding and, and yeah, I tried to take it to a pretty high level for my age at that time, like, I think it's kind of funny looking back now, but I was like a, a state champion for sponsored 14 and under Damn.


No shit. Yeah, I was a California state champion. So skating with all the biggest pros, like, I went out to Tony Hawks, like skate ranch in Fallbrook and all these like older pros are kind of taking me under their wing and all these companies are just like throwing me all this free stuff. Like Billabong, I don't know if you've seen that, they're like a more of a surf company. Oh, I know who that is. Yeah. So We're, yeah, so I'm like, I'm this kid who grew up in the country and then now I'm skateboarding in San Diego and they're just like, come to our, our factory and they gimme like big trash bags and just say, go fill 'em up with whatever you want clothing wise. Are you serious? Like, yeah.


And I mean, this is like, this is not anything that I have ever experienced. Yeah. And it's, for them, it's marketing. It's like you get these kids that are good, you get pros, you get 'em to wear your stuff and, and then it makes her, you know, I understand it now, but at the time I've just, mine was blown, you know? Yeah. So You do not strike me as a skateboarder at all. I know. That's crazy. Yeah, it was, it was fun, you know, it just feel like you can fly. It was the time of like vert skating and ramps and yeah, it was just, it was a blast. Was your brother into that too at all? Or? He was into it a little bit and then he was into surfing and stuff, but he didn't become nearly as like into it as I was.


Gotcha, gotcha. But you were into surfing too, correct? Yeah. Yeah. Living there in southern California, that's kind of go hand in hand. So a lot of days at the beach and at the skate park. Did you get as good at surfing as you did at skateboarding? Skateboarding I got pretty good, but I never, I, my main kind of love at that time was skateboarding and I never, I, I always loved surfing. I got into it a lot more in my later teenage years, like when we moved back to Oregon. But I was better at skateboarding. I just put in way more hours at it.


So if I read correctly, you had kind of a traumatic experience in your skateboarding career. Yeah. So like, it's kinda my first experience with what you kind of think of as like Hollywood, like, oh boy, just, yeah. So there are just so many, so many creeps around this kind of world, right? So I got, I got like picked up to do a Levi's commercial, so I did Are you serious? Yeah. So you're a model too. Yeah. I, this Is incredible. Yeah. All these new revelations. I never, never thought about it like that, but so yeah, I'm like going out to LA doing like Levi's jeans commercials, you know, skateboarding, you know, I, I'm just skating and they're, wait, Are, did these, like, were these on tv?


Yep, they're on tv. We can look these commercials up. I bought my first Browning 2 43 lever action rifle with residuals from a Levi's commercial. Oh man, I bet there's not too many people in Hollywood buying those anymore. Probably not, yeah. Yeah. No shit. So we could actually, I'm gonna find this commercial and put it in here. Oh, that'd be hilarious. My mom has it. I don't know if like, I mean, this is like early nineties. We'll find it. Yeah, It's out there. We'll find it. It's Gotta be somewhere. But yeah, so then the first kind of like weird, really weird thing that happened in this kind of southern California Hollywood skateboard scene is there's this pro named Mark Gator Alki, I don't know if that name rings a bell.


So he's this, this huge pro skater. At the time he was probably like very equivalent to say like a Tony Hawk, Mike McGill, bones Brigade guys. Like, he was, he was like a hero of mine. Like I'm watching him on videos, you know, he's, he was kind of the top of the food chain back then. So I'm, you know, I'm like 12, 13, 14, spending all my time at these skate parks. I'm a young amateur, he's a pro. So they, you know, they take young guys under their, their wing, right? So they're like, so I'm skating with all these, these guys. And one day I get home, I think it was from school, my parents bring me in and they're like, you need to know something.


Like, sit down. 'cause we know you really look up to this guy. But he just turned himself in for murder. So this guy today, like 20, 24, is still serving out his sentence in California for murdering this woman. So there's, there've been like documentaries on this, so there's a lot of information out there on it because it was, it was a big deal, especially in that area at that time. But the short of it was that he was like dating this girl and then she kind of blew him off or something.


And then he went out with her friend and for whatever reason, just like flipped out on her. And like the story is he murdered her with a bike lock and then stuffed her in a surfboard bag and drove her out to the desert and like buried her in a shallow grave out there. Holy shit. Yeah. So I'm like, you know, 13, 14. So I, I forget the exact age, but I'm, I'm young and I'm trying to like process this information of what, like, this guy I looked up to was clearly psychotic. But yeah, so then it's, it was just, it was kind of the first glimpse into like, I don't know, I mean that was pretty extreme, but just like the darkness of Yeah.


Some of that, some of that world down there. Yeah. And started, started to feel that, started to get, get weird, you know what I mean? Oh yeah. Any sexual type trauma. Well, kind of like similarly, like around that time there was this, this really another weird situation. So this is kind of like, I'd say just a window into what that, not necessarily skateboarding, but just kind of that, that Hollywood, la kind of world was like, and I've like, I have a really hard time even talking about like what happened here.


But I think a lot of, a lot of guys and and stuff have gone through this and they don't want to talk about it. Well, Dale, I'm not gonna pressure you to talk about it. And the reason I ask is there's so many, there are so many kids that go through this shit, you know, and, and I mean, it's coming out on, I mean, they're making movies about it now, you know? Yeah. Sound of freedom. And, and, and it's start, I don't know if it's hitting mainstream media, but I mean, we got the Puff Daddy thing, you got the Epstein stuff, you've got and, and all it's people are kind of waking up to this, there's A shocking amount of, You know, I mean, Pedophiles out there, It's insane.


And, and, and, and, and even in my own personal experiences with interviewing people, I, fortunately, I never had to go through anything like that, but ICI can't believe like, you know, ID we do the childhood stuff. Like I've always done like kind of the life story, you know. And then we hit this point where one, one person, I can't remember who the first one that brought it up was, it may have been Prime Hall. And then I started realizing like, holy shit, man, like 50% of my guest list has been sexually traumatized in their childhood.


And, and so the reason I bring that up I up is it's important. Yeah. Because there's so many kids out there that are going through this kind of stuff and they don't, I think when somebody that I'm interviewing talks about their experience and how they overcame it and, and if we do go into it, I'll ask you. Yeah. you know, what advice do you have for kids that are doing, that are going through that kind of situation? They don't know where to turn. And so that's why I'm asking. Yeah, I think it's in important, and that's kind of why I brought it up in the, when, you know, previously is something I wanted to talk about for those kids who are, have gone through something like this, or even adults.


But what happened in my case was there was this judge. So he was kind of, well-respected, like nobody thought of him as a threat, anything like that. And there was one contest and he said, Hey, I'll, I'll pick you up and A skateboarding judge. Yeah. So he was just not, Not like a litigation. Yeah, Exactly. I apologize. So he was a judge for these skateboarding competitions for California, California amateur skateboard league. So he was an older gentleman and not a gentleman. He was a, a piece of shit. But anyhow, so he had talked to my parents and there was, there were contests every weekend, you know, and usually my mom would take me and or my dad or both of 'em.


And for this particular contest, he's like, he called, he's like, oh yeah, if you want me to take him, I can and I'm gonna take these other kids as well. And then you guys can just come up the next day. 'cause usually there's like a practice say on like a Friday competition on Saturday, and then you go home. So I usually stay one night if it's not local. So this guy picks me up and I'm, again, a same similar age to the, with this other situation. So I, I forget exactly, but around 13, 14, something like that. So he picks me up and then tells me, oh, we're not picking up the other kids, which is my first kind of red flag.


I'm going, this is kind of weird. He is like, oh yeah, their parents decided they're picking 'em up, so we're just gonna go. So, And you knew, you knew right. Then something was up. It kind of like got my hackles up. I'm like, that's weird, you know? Yeah. And I like, thankfully, the way I was raised, I was, this could have been a lot worse, as you'll find, because I was pretty strong-willed. I wrestled when I was young. I felt physically capable even though I was, you know, 13. But, you know, I'm sitting here now by myself with this, a grown adult, and we're going to California, so, or going, I think somewhere up near LA from San Diego.


So we go to the hotel or go get something to eat, go to the hotel, and then he just starts drinking. So he is drinking like hard alcohol and, and he's trying to get me to drink, like, hey, like just take a shot. And he is trying to, he's kinda like ridiculing me, like, like, oh, if you like, what are you a wuss? Like you could have, you could have a drink. It's no big deal. you know what I mean? So, and I'm, and I'm like, no, I'm, and I'm just kind of like staying away from this guy. So as the night progresses, he puts on porn. So there's two beds in this, in this room.


So he's on the bed, he's drunk as can be, and he puts on a porno and then he literally just whips it out and starts like pleasuring himself. And I basically at that time, and he, and he's trying to tell me to come over, come over there. Holy shit. Yeah. So like literally unfolded in front of me at 13 years old. And I'm going like, what? you know, I had a good family. Like yeah. They, they would've never expected anything like this. I don't think it ever even crossed their mind back then, you know? In fact, I didn't even tell my parents or probably anyone until I was like 40 years old.


'cause I just put it, put it behind me, you know, because my dad probably would've killed this guy. And I'm not exaggerating. That's what he would've done anyhow. So I, I ran into the bathroom, I slammed the door shut, I locked it and he starts trying to, trying to get into the room, like, or get into the bathroom. So he is, oh, come out here and this. and so I just, I start screaming at him, like, get the hell away from me. Get outta here. I'm screaming bloody murder, like at this point. And so he like backs off 'cause he is afraid probably someone's gonna hear me. And then I just spent the, spent the night in the bathroom, damn, with the door locked, wake up the next morning, go to the contest and see my parents.


And that was basically the end of it. So it wasn't, it wasn't like this, it could have been a lot worse is what I'm trying to say. But it was just, all these things in this time are kind of, kind of happening and it's just, it started feeling like a really kind of a dark place, a dark environment. And I think my parents were sensing that as well and started thinking about getting back to Oregon at that time. Holy shit. I mean, how do you, how do you keep that in for Somebody?


you know, what's weird about it is, I remember at the time thinking, I don't wanna, like, I'm gonna get in trouble if I talk about this because of like, the porn was on. you know what I mean? So I'm going like, ooh, like I shouldn't watch. I like, it's embarrassing and it's, you know, and you're thinking like that you are at fault somehow. I remember thinking like, I'm gonna get in trouble if I, if I talk about this for whatever it is I was in, you know, whatever it is that I did to be a part of this, you know, 'cause like I say, put on a porn on that trip he had like porno magazines out and stuff.


So I think that these pedophiles do things to where a child feels guilty for being even a part of it. And then they use that against you. So it's like, oh, well if you, if you standing in, you are gonna get in trouble. Is kind of the, the feeling I have. Holy Shit. Did you have to, did you have any type of communication or relationship with that person afterwards? I mean, I would see him and so the people I did tell was other kids, like the other skaters and stuff. And I basically just said, Hey, stay away from that guy.


'cause he's a creep. Like, and they're like, yeah, like, we've had similar experiences. So, but nobody told their parents, you know, everybody would just felt like, I don't know, just didn't wanna, it's like the child's mind doesn't wanna create all the, you're kinda like, I don't want to have all these problems. We got enough problems, you know? Yeah. So, yeah. So that, it was like, it again, it could have been a lot worse, but it is, it's something that makes an impact on a, a young person's mind at that age. What, what kept it in until you're 40? I just, I just buried it, you know what I mean? Like, I was just kind of like, that was weird.


I felt like since I avoided this guy actually like putting his hands on me, I felt like nothing happened, you know? But then, you know, as you get older, you're like, no, that did have an impact in how, you know, your ability to trust people the way you know, it kind of, I'd say it kind of wises you up to the ways of the world at a young age. And so after that point, I acted very differently towards people than I did before. I would say, Damn. So just like, I don't wanna, I don't wanna go there. Not, you know, nothing happened to me. I'm just gonna bury that and move on.


Let me rephrase that question. What, what brought it out at age 40? I think, well, we, we can get into it, but I just think when you start kind of ref, you know, you get a little bit older and you start reflecting on your life, the things you've done, the things that have happened to you. And then you just, you just wanna tell the truth. You don't wanna have any secrets, you know? And so you're just like, wow, that's, you have kids too, and you're just like, that's crazy. That happened to me. Like, like what a, what a piece of shit, you know? Yeah. I can't believe that there are people like that in this world that would prey on kids and, and then you have your own kids and you're going, okay.


Like, I'm not trusting anybody. Like if there's an overnight trip, I'm going like, I trust my family, you know? Yeah. And that's the extent of it when it comes to overnight trips with my, my kids. So that was a, do You think this shit all stemmed from that area? I, I don't know, man. That's a dark place, Man. I, I'm not gonna say I have a similar experience, but I guess it's along the same lines. I was a lot older, but I remember it was when I was in Buds actually. But I mean, when I was in Buds I was like 18 and there was a group of us that went golfing at Admiral.


I feel like it was Admiral Baker Golf course or something up by San Diego. Are you familiar with it? But not particularly, no. Well, anyways, we had golfed and we got, there was like three or four of us, we got paired with this older guy who claimed he was an admiral and we told him we were Bud students and all the people that I ran with were the same age we were into drinking back then. And, and so we were drinking on the course shooting golf with this guy, seemed pretty cool. Invited us back to his penthouse somewhere in, I think it was like La Jolla or something, and went in there and he kept kind of the same deal.


He kept shoving booze on us and somebody found one of, one of the, my buddies had found this photo album and he pulled out the photo album and every, every picture in the album was like older teenagers, men that were passed out drunk, naked in his apartment. and so we, I mean, I wouldn't really say it traumatized me by any means Sure. But it was like, let's get the fuck outta here right now.


Just a glimpse into Yeah. What some of these people are like. It was like, oh shit, I hope it, nobody got drugged. But, but anyways, I mean, you know, what, what advice do you have for having been through something like that? What advice do you have for kids? I would Say no matter what happened, like even if you feel like you escaped the danger, you know, or something even worse happened, just talk to somebody about it. Just get it off your chest. Don't hold it in. There's no reason to. You'll just get support and hopefully prevent this from happening to someone else. Yeah. Yeah. I'm curious too.


I mean, as this keeps, it just continues. The problem seems to continue to get worse. I mean, you hear about the, the maps right now we're, we're calling pedophiles, well, I'm not, but some people are for this type of s sexual orientation they call it. Right? And they're calling 'em maps minor attracted persons. They're normalizing pedophilia and you know, guess where it's coming from? Oh, big surprise. The west coast. But I mean, I think about this as a father of, you know, I've got a two and a half year old and a seven month old, and the problem is not getting better, it's getting worse.


And your daughter's a little bit older, but I mean, what, how do you, what do you tell them and what do you teach them? Do you addre, do you talk about this kind of stuff? We Haven't had to have any of these straightforward talks yet, but, you know, and I don't want them, I want them to have an innocent childhood. Yeah. So right now I feel like I'm the protector, as is their mother, you know? So avoiding sleepovers, I don't think they're necessarily, it's probably fine. But you look at where these kind of things happen to people and, and a lot of times it's people they at least suspect, but there're stuff like sleepovers.


So I'm just avoiding those types of things. Yeah. And yeah, I, I think you're right. There're they're, there's no end to the revolution, right? Like, they always have to have some boundary to push. It seems there's no limiting principle. So they're making basically any form of sick perversion to be normalized is just, hey, that's, that's, they were born that way. So who are you to say? But I reject that and I think that's where a lot of people would draw the line. And I, I really hope so. Because that could never, you know, it's children. Yeah. If you can't protect children, if your society doesn't protect children, what, what's the point of, what's the point of it?


Right? Yeah. It's, it's crazy. It seems like there's like this big movement behind it to, to like celebrate pedophilia and it's like, where does the shit end? I just, I Ask myself that all the Time, you know? I bring it up to my, I bring it up to my two and a half year old, you know, I don't, we don't have talks about it, but I, you know, it's Like yeah, there's creeps out there. This is your private parts buddy. Yeah. you know what I mean? Nobody touches your private parts. Mom and dad. And that's it. And now, I mean, we're potty training him and, and, and you know, so we still got diapers and shit, but we'll take his diaper off and he'll go, he will literally go my weenie and my butt, my private parts.


Mom and dad ley anybody, he's, anybody don't touch You. It's got, and it's, it's cool man. 'cause at two and a half it's, it's registering. you know what I mean? And I know he's gonna say something if something happens, you know? Yeah. Already at this age, like he knows every single time, man, that we, we change his diaper, you know, or put him in the bath. I mean, he's saying, that's good. These are my private parts, no touching. And more parents need to be doing that, you know, to, to plant that seed in there. I, I think, yeah, in my Opinion, just, just understanding that it's a real threat.


Yeah. And it's from the places that you wouldn't expect and the people you wouldn't expect. So yeah, just that open communication with your kids, keeping that bond. So if they do get a bad vibe about somebody, they feel comfortable telling you about it. Yeah. What, I mean, what was your, what was your parents' reaction when you when that got brought up? They were shocked. Like they were just like, you should have told us. Like they just, they were in disbelief almost, but not really when they started thinking about it, you know, maybe there were signs, but in real time it never crossed our minds, Man.


Such a, It's dark. It is, isn't it? I mean, yeah. No one wants to talk about it 'cause it's so dark. Yeah. And it's, if it, especially, it seems like the worst somebody got it, then they would become even obviously more traumatized and more less likely to want to talk about it and just bottle that up, Man. It's, it's not getting any better. But, but let's move on. Let's, let's, let's move out of this subject. So, so did you leave California? Yeah. So freshman year, like I said, I think my, with that, that situation with that pro skateboarder gator, they didn't know about this judge, but they knew, I think they could just sense, you know, and I was running with some rough kids at this time.


Like in that era it was, we're basically like feral kids, you know, just on in the streets of San Diego on our skateboards and surfing and, you know, a lot of those guys went on to be professionals and then burn out and ended up, you know, sadly somewhere dead or in jail or whatever, you know, it's a, it's a, it's a rough scene. So were You getting into trouble? I Was getting, so my older brother was getting into more trouble, so I think that's where my parents' attention was. and so I could fly under the radar and just, we did whatever we wanted, you know? So, Well, what kind of trouble were you getting into drinking or, Yeah, I think that was the first time probably that, you know, drinking just, there were, man, there's so many just crazy scenarios.


Like there's basically like surf gangs in Southern California. Like people are very localized, really. And there're surf spots. So if somebody comes there that's not from there and they have bad etiquette. This is, again, back in the nineties, I don't know what it's like now, but there'd be a, there'd be fist fights, you know, a lot of 'em. And, and just, it is just a wild time, you know? Yeah. Like, it's like you're not this innocent kid anymore. You're, everybody drinks, everybody smokes weed. Everybody's trying to do something in Hollywood. Like, you know, it, it is just, I think my parents just generally had a sense that this is not a good healthy environment for kids.


Yeah, yeah. So like, let's get back to our, our small town in Oregon and you know, finish out high school out there. Makes sense. So you moved back to Oregon. What got you interested in the military? So I had an uncle, his name is Arthur Stark, and he served two tours in Vietnam. He was a crew chief on Huey's. He tried to volunteer for a third, but apparently his command told him he was crazy and he needed to, he needed to stay home. And then, anyhow, so he ended up becoming a warrant officer and then a Chinook pilot in the Army.


Reserves continued serving his entire life. He did 18 months in Iraq at 58 years old. Wow. One of the most experienced helicopter pilots in the army. No shit. When was the in Iraq? The early, like the very initial invasion. This war? The G Wa, yeah. Oh three. Yep. Holy Shit. Yeah. Wow. They're 58 years old. What a bad, it was a Vietnam two tour or Vietnam vet. So he was just a hero to our family, a personal hero of mine. And so, you know, and then like I had mentioned, I was kind of one of those dorky kids that wore camouflage from like, basically the time I would, could remember up until about, until we moved to California.


So I'd just always been interested in the military, but it wasn't something that was and on in my focus, you know? So go back to Oregon, I start wrestling, so now I'm doing the sport wrestling, and I'm surfing a bunch in Oregon there. And I'm not a great student, so I've always hated sitting down, paying attention, listening to a teacher just really never worked for me. So they're like, oh, he is got, you know, probably has 80 hd. He's, he's got all these issues. He doesn't, doesn't will not pay attention, you know? Yeah. Terrible student. So I, I barely graduated high school and, but I, I had some good friends Now that I came back and had some good influences.


They were going to school. And so I was like, man, I, I wanna go to school, I don't wanna, I was like terrified of being a loser. So I was just going like, you know, you start feeling that pressure build as you're getting older, you're getting closer to graduating high school and you're going, what, what am I gonna do with my life? And I'm working like lots of menial jobs, like, you know, landscaping, worked at a movie theater, just like worked at a gas station just doing these normal jobs and going like, man, like on my current trajectory, I like, I've got nothing going for me. Like, this is not gonna end.


Like, you know, and I'm just, I start having like, anxiety attacks even like in my later teenage years. Wow. I'm just sitting there going like, feeling like I'm gonna have a heart attack sitting there at like, you know, midnight at home for no parent reason. Just start, just start feeling that pressure, wondering what I'm gonna do with my life. But anyhow, so I finished up high school and I was getting pretty good at wrestling. So I, I picked up a, just like a tuition scholarship at the local community college. I was starting a wrestling program, so I just, I was gonna wrestle at this place called sw, so Southwestern Oregon Community College.


So that's what I did. But my parents were more of like the old school type where after high school, it's time to get a job. So if you want to stay at home, well, you're an adult now, so you need to start paying rent. So this became like a point of contention between us, right? So I'm, I'm going to community college, I'm, I'm wrestling, I'm surfing all the time. Any money I get, like in the summer, I'm buying like one way ticket to Mexico City, going on these surf trips to like, you know, Porto, Escondido and Pasquale's. And these just like, I'm just doing my thing thinking I can figure this out.


And my parents are going, you're just wasting your time. you know, what are you, what are you even doing? Anyhow, so we, we go through that for dang near about at least a solid year. And my grades are terrible. I'm drinking, I'm not wrestling that great. 'cause I'm just, my life is just kind of in shambles, you know, just, just, it's like a high school kid that is like stuck in neutral. Yeah. you know what I mean? Like, so I'm, anyway, so I keep trying to make this happen and it's just not working and we're butting heads and eventually it's like, you know, the movies, like, they talk about, they're like, you gotta pay rent, you're behind now you're three months behind.


Now I get home and all my stuff's on the porch and I figure it out, you know, damn. They're like, we're, you know, that is old school. They're like, we're not gonna enable you. you know? And a lot of, a lot of people criticize that technique now. They're just like, man, you gotta, you know, and I'm not, I'm not kicking my girls out. Yeah, they're, they're girls. But, you know, my parents knew me well and they probably knew that I needed some motivation. And so from that point forward, I'm trying to do the same things now. So I'm trying to go to school, trying to wrestle, and I'm living in the back of my Volvo station wagon at the beach and, you know, couch surfing at friends' houses, like surfing and then using the, the showers at the beach, the beach campground, stuff like that.


And just like, not doing good at anything. So getting terrible grades, not wrestling great. And really not moving forward. So I had thought about joining the military, like right outta high school. Like it had crossed my mind. I talked to the recruiters a little bit, but I decided against it. So then now a year and a half later, I'm, I'm basically at like rock bottom, you know, you, you can't get much lower than living in your car, you know? I guess you could, I never became a drug addict, so how's that going for me? But, you know, and then, so I almost joined the Marines.


Like I, that was kind of my first idea. I was like, I'm gonna, I'm going to like, you know, these guys are badass, right? Yeah. Like, look at the uniforms, how sharp they are. I, you know, it was just like, okay, that could be awesome. And I remember talking to my uncle, the, the helicopter pilot and, and he recommended I join the Air Force. And he's like, well, you can get a technical skill. He's like, right now you're living in your car. Like, are you enjoying that? Wouldn't it be nice to like get the GI Bill, have a technical skill?


I had talked to him about becoming a pilot, but there had been nothing in my life that would suggest that I had the capability to be a pilot. So he, I remember him saying though, he is like, if you decide you want to be a pilot, like we've talked about, the Air Force is all about airplanes. And he is like, yeah, the Marines, they have some airplanes, but they're all about infantry. you know, the army, they have helicopters, but that's not the main show, you know, same with the Navy. So he is like, if you want to have a skill that can lead to a career afterwards, if you want to even think about being a pilot, your best chances are gonna be in the Air Force.


So at the end of the day, talking to all the recruiters, I decided to enlist as a C 17 crew chief. And so like, I think I just turned, it was like December of 99, so it's like 1920. And then off I went to Lackland Air Force Base for basic training. How long did it take you to fold once you were living in your car when your parents said get out? I Think it was around six months. You lasted six months? Yeah. Nice, nice. That's longer than I would've expected, but Right on. Right on.


So you, so you enlisted. Yep. So I enlisted in the Air Force and went off to basic training to be a crew chief at that time. Well, before we get into your military career, let's take a quick break,


Folks. you know it. America has never been this close to collapse. To make matters worse, we're right around the corner from an unprecedented political powder keg. And folks, the sparks are flying, but Smart Americans know this and are fighting back by investing in emergency preparedness Now, while they still can. And I strongly urge you to do the same by going to prepare with sean.com right now, if My Patriot Supply, you'll find the best in class survival food critical, potentially life-saving gear like solar generators, biomass stoves, water filters, heirloom seeds, and much, much more. Everything you'll need to deal with what's right around the corner for this country, My Patriot Supply is tenacious, largest and most trusted emergency preparedness company, and has helped over 3 million American families prepare for the unthinkable. Their famous, delicious food kits, which are packed in ultra durable, heavy duty pouches, deliver over 2000 calories a day and can last up to two and a half decades in storage. Plus your essential supplies ship lightning fast, which frankly these days could make all the difference order by 3:00 PM and your supplies will ship that same day in discreet unmarked boxes. Go to prepare with sean.com right now so you can join the ranks of the elite Americans who are ready for what's coming.


Time is our most precious commodity. And I've heard from so many of my listeners who have asked for my advice about how they can spend it wisely to improve themselves and the people around them. That's why I'm excited that Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses and the most important and enduring subjects you can learn about the works of CS Lewis. The stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, or the rise and fall of the Roman Republic with Hillsdale College's online courses all available for free. That's right for free. I personally recommend that you sign up for the Great American story, a Land of Hope. And this course you'll hear from Hillsdale College professors as they explore the history of America as a land of hope founded on high principles in presenting the great triumphs and achievements of our nation's past, as well as the shortcomings and failures. It offers a broad and unbiased study essential to the cultivation of intelligent patriotism. The course is self-paced so that you can start whenever and wherever, start your course free. The Great American story, A Land of Hope today. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss to register hillsdale.edu/ss.


Alright, Dale, we're getting into your military career now. So you joined the Air Force to be a crew chief, or not, sorry, not a crew Chief. Crew chief, correct. Yeah. Okay, let's talk about day one. In the military, you just came from, it sounds like kind of a childhood life of debauchery and now it's, it's time for some serious discipline. So how did that, how'd that work? Yeah, it was pretty natural fit. So my dad was pretty disciplined, you know, with us growing up. He had went to military school as a kid and you know, and then I'm just straight out of two years of college level wrestling.


So I'm as fit as you can be. I mean, we had wrestlers train really hard, you know, we had 10 K Tuesday where they literally get us in the team bus, drop us 10 K away from practice and we would run to practice every Tuesday. So, you know, and then you're in Air Force basic training, so it's not gonna be that tough for you in that situation. So it just like, it was immediately felt like it, almost like a relief. It was like, oh, I can, I can be good at this. Like, I don't have to worry about money, I don't have to worry about where I'm going to eat next. you know, I don't have to worry about anything except for whatever the task is right in front of me.


So basic training was kind of a breeze. I was a honor graduate out of BMT and, and then just right on to tech school from there. So Just rewinding real quick, something, were you, did you have a relationship with your parents when you joined? Or were you guys not speaking? We were speaking, yeah, we were speaking, but there was a lot of bitterness. Yeah. Do you think they were proud of you for making the decision to go into the military or were Oh yeah. They could've been more proud. I mean, they were, they were ecstatic.


They were, you know, they went to my basic training graduation and they, they couldn't have been happier. They, you know, looking back, you know, the tough love thing, they just, they wanted the best for me and they had seen so many people just kind of get stuck in that phase of life where, hey, you're done with school and you're not really progressing towards the next thing. At least, you know, I was kind of going through the motions, but I really wasn't, I was getting terrible grades in community college. Yeah. Look, this is, these are not the brightest bulbs outta high school and I'm getting like D's and C's and F's, so it's not like I was showering myself in glory.


Yeah. If I had been doing great, I'm sure it would've been an entirely different story, but, you know, I'm getting I terrible grades getting home at 2:00 AM every night. So yeah, they did the tough love thing and when I got on the path, they couldn't have been happier. Good. Yeah. So I just kind of cruised through basic training and then off to C 17 tech school where you learn how to be a mechanic. And I was in Shepherd Air Force Base in Wichita Falls, Texas. Okay. Yeah. And that went pretty smooth and that was actually the first kind of real introduction I had to the A 10.


And so the nice thing about the military, which almost everybody who you know, went in and RA talks about this, is, it doesn't matter where you came from, it doesn't matter your background, you know, your, if you had to get in on with multiple waivers for being arrested. Nice. It does. It's like, it's like, okay, you, you met the threshold and now everybody starts in this same, same, you know, same place. Yeah. And that was just such a relief because like when I was going to school, I remember feeling like, you know, kind of taking on a little bit of a victim mentality.


Like, this isn't fair. Why do I have to work and go to school and wrestle my, my friends don't have to work. Their parents are taking care of it, you know? And so you kind of get that, that victim mentality. If you're not careful, well now all that doesn't matter and you don't have to worry about money. I feel like I was rich, it was like an E one. I'm like, wait a minute, I have no expenses and I'm getting like 400 bucks every two weeks. This is awesome. This is gr this is great. you know? So I thought it wa i, I really enjoyed it. It was like, if you're a very goal oriented person, it's very like mapped out for you.


It's like they give you the syllabus here, here's what we're doing. We're all in class the same class, then you can study in your off time, here's when the test is gonna be, here's what's gonna be on the test. So it's just all laid out for you. And, and then I'm starting to stack up some wins. you know, I get the top graduated out of basic training and then tech schools going really smooth and I start realizing like, oh, like maybe this is, this is for me is kind of what I started feeling like, like this is a good, good path that I'm on. What Year, what timeframe is this? I raised my right hand on in December of 99.


Okay. And then I was in the delayed entry program for, I forget a couple months. So this is early 2000. Okay, so just before September 11th. Yeah. So before we get to September 11th, can you, what does the crew chief do on a sue 17? So you're the, you're the basically the chief mechanic. So you do all the servicing, you do most of the maintenance. That's, that's just kind of routine maintenance and then you sign off on the jet when the pilots come out and they're ready to fly. Okay. So you're, you're basically the lead crew chief, if there's more in-depth maintenance, then it would go to the back shop.


So like the hydraulic specialist or the engine specialist or the avionic specialist or whatever that may be. But you're kind of overseeing the overall like health and care of the airplane when it's not in the air. But it's a, it is a really cool opportunity for a young person. 'cause I mean, you know, I just told you where, where my background was and now I'm working on this multimillion dollar airplane and once you get a little experience, you can go and go on the missions with the aircraft. And so now, now I'm traveling all over the country and all over the world and it's, it's really a cool experience. Nice, nice.


So I'm not sure where to inject this into the interview, so we'll just do it now, but because we're talking early 2000 timeframe, so where are you on September 11th, 2001. Okay. So I finished out my time as a crew chief, so I finished up tech school, then I went to Charleston, South Carolina, and that's where I got picked up on an ROTC scholarship. Okay. So soon as I got to my unit, so I did, like I said, great in BMT, did great in tech school, and then got a great start in Charleston and I started realizing that, hey, maybe I could actually become a pilot and maybe I can get good grades if I actually go to class and pay attention.


So I started knocking out classes and my off time still training. What kind of classes? Just basically my undergraduate stuff. Oh, so you're working, you're back in school, college. Yeah. So I'm trying to, like, I'm realizing, so I had this epiphany, so when we're at tech school where at the same base as the pilot training base, one of the pilot training bases. So I'm talking to these guys flying the, the T 37 and the T 38 going through pilot training. Like they're at the cafeteria, they're at the BX or whatever. And so, and they're basically spelling all this out or what it takes to become a pilot.


And they're like, okay, here's what it is. You take the standardized test, they look at your GPA, your physical fitness test, and like anything else in the military, you can kind of reverse engineer it. So you're like, well, if I want to be competitive, here's the cut line and here's the criteria for that. And I'm going like, I think I could do that. Like, I can get good grades if I have this like, fire under my ass. You know? So as I'm, even before I even get to my first base, I was thinking that that's what I wanted to do, that I'm gonna just take this and run with it. Hmm. So I get to my first base and I just start, basically after about six months, I start putting together my paperwork to go to officer training.


So I'm working as a crew chief again, I'm taking these like challenge exams, these CL tests. So I'm studying on my own, challenging the courses and all of a sudden they, they're like, okay, well your standardized test scores were good 'cause I, again, I just became fanatical about that goal. So I'm like, to do that, you need to be, you have to be good at your primary job. If I fail as a crew chief, this isn't gonna work. But I also need to, you know, I, I didn't have any math background to speak of. I didn't really pay attention at all in high school, so really junior high either.


So I was basically building it from the ground up, but I was smart enough to figure out what I needed to do to get where I needed to be on this, on this testing. So, like I said, they made it very clear what the test was gonna be on. So you could just shore up those areas of your, of your weaknesses. Yeah. So when I, when I took the aptitude test, I was like middling to slightly below average in like every area except for pilot aptitude. I was like top 10%. So no shit, because there's like a hand-eye coordination part of it. I was always a good athlete.


I got, I maxed the physical fitness test and then I did pretty good on every other category, you know, for that test. So the Air Force has gotten pretty good at being able to identify the characteristics that would make you good at the job. I mean, they've been doing it for a while. Yeah. So for some reason though, they were able to identify that and I was just really fortunate to have some good leaders. At that time, there was a group commander that was just an awesome guy. I'd gone on some, some trips with him and he's just like, what do you want to do? you know, like, what are your goals?


And I told him I wanted to be a pilot, and he's like, I think you could do it. and so I just got support early on and I just went for it. So I did everything that was required for the application and I got accepted for an ROTC scholarship. So within a year and a half, so I'm living in my car. Year and a half later the Air Force was cutting me loose on a full scholarship to get my undergrad Wow. And go to pilot training. So I was So you crushed it? Yeah. I just, I, I like, I didn't go home. I didn't, it's hard to articulate. Like I try to tell people like, this is what I had to do to make that happen.


They're like, I'm gonna do that, I want to do that. And, and then they're like, Hey, do you want to go to like, you know, chilies tonight and talk about it? And I'm like, dude, you're not getting it. Like, there's no more chilies. Like there's no more anything like you are going to, if you want to do with what I did with the capabilities that I had, maybe someone smarter than me could have done it, done it better. But that's, that's your new life is studying, working, training, sleeping, there's no more hours in the day. So I just, I just went all in on it and it magically worked out.


I mean, I think if I tried to do that a thousand more times, it would probably, you know, fail 999 times. Like, it was just, all the circumstances just lined up perfectly. Just kind of pre nine 11 too. So they would cut you loose for programs like that back then after nine 11 hit, there was like a stop loss that lasted many years. So yeah, they cut me loose to go back to school just right before nine 11. It was in August. Okay. 2001. Wow. So I, I think it was August 18th, I separate from the Air Force. I joined the Air Force Reserves while I'm a cadet and show up at the school at this point, I only need two years left just based on what I did pass in community college and all the challenge exams and the, the courses that I had done while I was in.


So I'm on a two year ROTC scholarship and I'm sitting in the cafeteria eating breakfast, getting ready to go to class, and the news is on and I watch watch the planes impact. Wow. What was your, I mean, what was the first thought that went through your head? I just like wanted to kick ass. Like, I just remember thinking like, oh, like we have to go, you know, we have to go get these guys. And it just increased my motivation even more. Like, I just felt like, hey, we're, we're under attack. There's this evil threat out there and people need to step up and do their part.


And I knew that I just wanted to get through training as quick as possible and I wanted to get in the fight. And that's how I felt at the time. What was your, did you have any prior experience with a tens? You'd kind of brought that up. Yeah, So my like crew chief fundamentals instructor, so you're basically assigned to one main instructor. He was an A 10 crew chief and he was a Goal four veteran. So the whole time we're going through that course, I'm hearing stories about the eight 10, you know, crushing tanks and scud hunting and it, he, like, he had all these, these stories that were just fascinating to me.


And it just, I just again, became kind of obsessed with the idea of flying this airplane and the A 10 is so simple to work on. It's, it's very straightforward. So they use that for your basic crew chief training. So say you learn about the fundamentals of a hydraulic system per se. So you're in the classroom, here's the reservoir, here's the pump, here's the lines, here's the, you know, the different types of valves, whatever it may be. You do the classroom instruction and then you go out to the A 10 and you pull off the panels and there it is. You can see it. It's, you know, it was designed for ease of maintenance so it can operate in these austere environments.


So it's a perfect airplane to learn the, the basics of being a, a mechanic on. So I'm sitting in the cockpit of this thing, you know, that's in the hangar for, for maintenance, looking through the heads up display and you know, I'm still a young, young guy, even though I, I took kind of the practical route to be a technician thinking more of like, Hey, this could lead to a job. I still wanted to be, you know, kind of rose that desire to be a warrior within me. And then, you know, he had this story of, he's like, there was this surfer guy and he flew like right over the top of us, went inverted and gave us the, the hang loose.


And I, he's like, I could see his hand, that's how low they fly. Damn. And I remember just thinking like, how cool is that? Like, I mean, you're basically like, it combines everything that I loved. you know, you're like flying. So When you went to, when you went to school, you know, with, with the intention to become a pilot, I mean your intention the entire time was to be an A 10 pilot? Yeah, so once I decided that I was going down that path, I just wanted to fly the A 10. Like I just, the airplane kind of captured me in a way that none of the others did. And then when nine 11 hit, I knew that that airplane would be critical in this war that was gonna unfold.


So my ROTC commander was an AC one 30 guy and so he basically laid it out. He is like, this situation will impact the rest of your careers and probably your whole lives. So he's like, get ready for the long war because this is not gonna be over quick. Yeah. and so I knew there was gonna be a lot of ground combat. I always thought like the, like the F 15 and the, you know, then the F 22 that came out after F 16, I always thought they were awesome, but in my mind at that point I thought they're more oriented towards air to air and our generation is going to be fighting this counterinsurgency.


And so if I want to contribute, I need to get into the air to ground game. And so yeah, I, I just wanted to fly the A 10 Very. cool. And if it became a little unhealthy, because I felt like anything other than achieving that goal was a complete failure. And if I couldn't do that, I'd just might as well just quit or die trying. Well you had mentioned earlier that you get some laser focus. Yeah. And it is just like, I watched all the documentaries, read all the books and that's what I wanted to do. So let's fast forward through your time at school and pick up when you come back into the Air Force.


Okay, so now it's, finish it up in two years. So now I'm a second lieutenant in the Air Force. I'm getting ready for pilot training. So go off to Pensacola. There's an exchange. So Hold on real quick. So did they, did you have a guarantee that if you went through school that you are guaranteed to get into the pilot program? No, I had to compete. So at the end of your junior year, you are basically track selected for a job in the Air force. So I finished my junior year and now they take a combination of factors. So now same types of stuff.


So your GPA standardized test commander's recommendation, physical fitness, and basically give you a number, you know, you your, your overall score and then your rack and stacked against every other, you know, cadet that wants to be a pilot. And then there's a cut line, everyone above it goes to pilot training, everyone below it has to compete for something else. So I did pretty good in ROTC. I graduated with honors now for my undergrad in history and then, then off to pilot training. So yeah, nothing's guaranteed. You always have to compete for what you're gonna do.


What about what type of plane you're gonna fly. So how that works is pilot training is essentially split up into two parts and it's always changing. So the way the details of how they do this, so I'm, I'm going back to my era obviously, but after the first phase of flight training, they put you on a track. So there's fighter bomber track, which is you go fly the T 38 and that's for the guys that are gonna be tactical. What is the T 38? The T 38 Talon is a twin engine tandem cockpit.


It, it, it's a trainer aircraft, but it looks a lot like the F five that you saw that they, they call the MIG and top gun the original. So it's, it's just basically like a fifties era fast jet. Okay. It's Super hard to fly. It's got like a tiny wing and it's really fast and you don't have any experience at that speed. But, but yeah, so you finish up the first phase of training and then they track select you again. So fighter, bomber, heavies, so like cargo aircraft or tankers and then like helicopters and then C one s are their own track. So you're constantly being sorted as you go And you have no input on this.


You have your dream sheet, so Gotcha. The way you get what you want is you graduate higher and then they match that up with what's available, the needs of the air force. So number one guy, say he wants to fly the tactical track, go T 30 eights, well out of say like 35 people, there's five or six going to the fighter bomber track. So top five or six guys that have identified that that's what they want to do, go on that track on down the line until the bottom, the bottom graduate gets what's remaining. What does nobody want?


In my era it was the aac. So the big command and control, like the giant heavy with a big radar above you, What does everybody want? It changes the way it was for us at the very beginning of class. They're like, who wants to be a fighter pilot? And nearly everybody raised their hand and then like three months later they're like, who wants to be a fighter pilot? And like half the people raise their hand. 'cause training is very, it's very difficult. You're just getting kicked in the face every day. Like as, you know, coming from your background, like we don't have time to pat you on the back and tell you how good you are and how much potential you have.


And it's okay, you did, you did good yesterday, but you just had a bad day. Like there's, there's no, there's no time to talk about all the things you did, right? 'cause that's the standard, that's the expectation. So you have to have a thick skin because everything revolves around the things that you need to improve on so it doesn't feel good to every day just get shredded and you just, it just breaks you down over and over and over again. And then I think a lot of people halfway through that start going, yeah, I don't know if I want this life continuing on.


'cause if you go the heavy track, it's just known as being a little more chill. Like so, so this phase of my life is gonna be over and then I can travel the world and, and sure it's an awesome career. I'm not diminishing it in any way, but not everybody wants to again get, keep getting kicked in the teeth for another three years. Yeah, yeah. So then, yeah, so then about half the people still were wanted to fly fighters and there was probably the top half of the class as you start to sort and then that's about how it was at the end. But then it was early nine 11 I would say like it started, it was, I would say traditionally in the Air force in that timeframe, everybody, the best guys wanna fly the F 15 C.


'cause that was a strictly an air-to-air platform. So it was, it was like, let's like straight out of top gun, right? You just go crush migs and those guys are better at what they do. So F 15 still flies, but then a lot of those guys went on to the F 22 and they'll just kill anything that moves in the sky. Like they're, their capability is unbelievable. Like you would not want to face these guys in the air this, they're just single mission, single-minded, eth breathe and you know, the whole deal. Just nothing but air to air focused like it is just every day, all day all about killing migs. That's what they live for.


And so, and, and it's a very difficult mission 'cause if you're talking like four V four four V eight, there's all these little fur balls everywhere and the guys that are good at it, they're fighting and they know where everybody else in their formation is fighting and they're tracking it like second by second and they know exactly the right ways to deconflict the flight to make the right radio calls to recreate what happened in the debrief to a precision that's just is mind blowing. So traditionally the, the very best guys wanted to go do that mission. But when nine 11 hit, then I would say there was starting to be a divergent because of the type of mission that the global, you know, the, the global war on Terror was gonna bring to us.


So then you had a lot more guys wanna fly the A 10 and then the F 15 E and then the F 15 or sorry the F 16 'cause they had an air ground component. So I would say at that point the best guys still wanna fly kind of fighter attack. And then it was just varied depending on personality as as far as whether do they want to fly after pilot training. Interesting, interesting. So when you get to, when you get to flight school, how long is it before you're actually in a plane off the Ground? It varies but I think it's like, like you're waiting to start because like any, any program that's managing a large number of people, they might not flow you in immediately.


I think I sat for like two months just waiting to start. And then I wanna say it's six weeks of ground school and I think that included some simulator time and then you're in the air with your instructor. What's the first plane you flew Teeth? Well they did send me to get a private pilot's license and a Cessna kind of after, I think it was after college but before pilot training. And then the first military plane I flew was the T 34 C with the Navy. So I was in an exchange program, took a handful of Navy and Marines and put 'em through Air Force primary training and then Air Force, a handful of Air force guys went and trained with the Navy. How'd that feel your first time up?


Oh it was incredible. It was like, it was almost surreal. It was like I'm, I can't believe I actually, I'm pulling this off, you know, but, and then you quickly snap to it because you're behind the aircraft. So they talk about like just like hanging from the vertical stab, like things are happening before you can compute what you're supposed to do. So say there's a certain amount of tasks, even just for something simple as coming into land. So as you're on short final, you're getting ready for short final, you need to drop the flaps, you know, get below certain air speed, drop the landing gear, you, you know, you're going through all these tasks.


Well now you're inside of the minimum range to get all those things done because you're central processor is just bogged down. You're still thinking about what you messed up 10 minutes ago. Damn. So you just, you it just hits you like, okay, this is an incredible, I can't believe I made it here, And I don't know if I'm gonna be good enough to actually do this. 'cause it just seems overwhelming. You're looking at all the instruments you're behind and it it is tough. Yeah. Yeah. I can't imagine. I tried to fly once it a Cessna, I ran it into the middle of the, I didn't get very far.


I ran it into the, the like the grass median at the airport and the guy that was teaching me was like, what the fuck are you doing, man? That's so funny. I didn't know you steer. That's a Bad instructor. Hey, I was, yeah it was. Plus I don't like heights, but so what, what kind of stuff were you learning? Ground school, You are just learning the systems of the aircraft. You're learning some basic aerodynamics, you know, learning about aviation weather, just going through the main emergencies for, you know, how you're gonna handle these different malfunctions that can happen in the airplane.


So they say it's like trying to take a sip of water from a fire hose and that's what it feels like. So you're just, they're just blasting you with information for eight hours a day and you're trying to absorb it all. Are there, like, I just want you to go through the whole timeline, you know, of your experience. Yeah. So you go to ground school six weeks, then you're in your first, you're in the air for the first time in a military craft. Is it broken up into phases or? Yeah, exactly. So there's what they call a contact phase, which is just basic of flying the aircraft, daytime visual flight rules.


So similar to kind of the stuff you'd learn in a Cessna. So just how to fly in the pattern, how to land the airplane, how to get out to the airspace, how to recover from stalls, you know, it's just the, just the fundamentals of flying in the most kind of benign environment possible. So then you go through and there's like form or it is not necessarily in this order, but there's instrument phase. So now you learning how to fly when you can't see outside just by looking at your instruments and there's aerobatics formation phase, low level and then kind of tying it all together.


So when they, when you guys mean I'd love to get a little more descriptive on each phase, but when you got like is they continue to sort the class out? I mean, does the class get broken up or is it all the same pipeline? You're all in the same pipeline, so you're all going through and if someone gets ahead, they'll kind of slow 'em down and then people catch up and it, any time throughout this process, you're three flights away from going home. So you fail a ride, you go to a progress check with your flight commander, you pass that ride, continue on in the syllabus, you fail that ride, you're on an elimination ride with your squadron commander or someone he designated to do that for him.


So it's a tremendous amount of pressure because you have this in the back of your head and you see it happen is just you have a bad week and your hopes and dreams are gone. Damn. So you see that guy shows up Monday morning, no problems, and started to out process Friday afternoon. Damn. What's the attrition rate? Like? I don't know exactly. It's not that high. I wanna say like 10, 15% when I was going through. And they, they have a pretty thorough vetting process.


So by the time you get there, you know, you've, you've probably have a pretty good GPA through college you've done through all the standardized testing. So they, I think they do a pretty good job of of finding the people who it's just not for. And then if you're having a hard time, they might have a community that would make sense for your skillset. Okay. Say you barely make it through formation phase. Well there's aircraft you can fly that don't necessarily fly in close formation all the time, you know, so if you are capable and you're good enough to get there and you don't quit, there's a pretty good chance I'll get you through.


Okay. But when you're going through that as a student, you don't feel that. What, why do planes, why do you guys fly in a formation? There would be a lot of reasons. So they call it basic admin. It might just be getting to the target area as easy as possible. So say there's a bunch of weather and, and you're getting vectored around by air traffic control and you're leading a force ship, you might just wanna bring everyone in close formation if it's really busy airspace or something and they just fly visually off you and then everyone else de conflicting around you doesn't have to deconflict from this massive airplanes that are all a mile and a half apart from each other.


They could all be close in. So yeah, so basically it's for close end formation is for admin and then you have tactical formations, which are obviously more spread out and that's for like employing and surviving and killing the target. Wow. So yeah, there's a, there's an endless amount of discussion on, on the tactics that would, you know, the skillset that you need to be able to employ these airplanes. What Is the, I mean, how, how is the relationship between instructor and student? Is it, is it like they're yelling and screaming at you All the time? Yeah, it just depends on the instructors.


Okay. Like, it was funny, like I, I flew with one of my first instructors was a Marine and he sent behind you and the T 34 and he would just get furious, he'd grab his water bottle and throw it at the back of your head and he would keep tally of things you screwed up and make you push the ground when you land. you know, so you you, you land and you're sitting there like under the wing here, airplane just doing like a hundred pushups or whatever he'd tallied up and then some of the guys were like, they're like, man this is like shore duty for us. Like this is fine. Like just like here's what we're gonna work on today. Like it really came down to the in individual.


The Navy is way more chill in primary flight training than the Air Force. No Kidding. Yeah, Absolutely. The navy's like, it was, it was an awesome experience. They're like, I remember that a lot of the ips are like chilling on the beach and surfing and you know, doing their thing and they're, What's an ip? Sorry? Instructor pilot. Okay. Yeah, I'll try not to use the acronyms. But yeah, so the instructor pilots overall they had a real big picture. you know, there's still, there's still a standard to meet like, like I was saying, like if it's just, they might have just have a smile on their face as they do it.


No, they stab you in the guts. But overall I really enjoyed, enjoyed flying with those guys. What did you find to be the most challenging part of flight school? Well if all of flight schools, so after you finish the T 34, then you're track selected as I mentioned. So I'm off to the T 38 now I'm in Vance Air Force base in Oklahoma and I'm going, flying a 150 knot prop airplane to flying a supersonic jet with a tiny wing, which you're, the syllabus has you soloing in like six rides. So that entire program of the T 38 was excruciating.


Like I have never felt that level of stress in my life. So just trying to keep up, I'm the kind of guy who has a, like a slow learning curve. So there's like, there's standards, right? Like little milestones along the way and then you hit and end a block and a check ride. So I get to the end of the block and check ride and my learning curve keeps going, going up. And then I hit where I'm supposed to be at that like exactly when I have to and then start over like sucking. Damn. So, and in my mind I'm like, if I don't get an A 10, like I'm just, this whole thing was for nothing, you know, I don't, and like there's, there was literally one, there was one a 10 out of my entire class.


So I'm feeling like, are you Serious? So do you know, hold on. So do you know what the slots are that you're competing, competing for? Like when you show up to Cly school, are they saying we got one a 10 slot, we got two C 17 slots, we've got six F 22 slots. Yeah, you don't know exactly but you kind of have an idea just based on the trend data. Okay. So you kind of see where it's going and you realize like typically there was one per class, couple F sixteens F 15 E and like an F, sorry, a couple F sixteens, F 15 E and an F 15 C.


That was like pretty standard. So if you have a single-minded goal of what you wanna fly, you might be very disappointed 'cause threading that needle is very difficult. So What was it like when the first sorting in your class? Yeah, so they brought us in and I think I was the first one they told and they're just like Lieutenant Stark T 38. And then right after me was my buddy John Delony who went to on to fly the F 15 C and the F 22 and they're like Lieutenant Delony T 38. And we're just like, yes, we're so stoked. It was just, just this huge relief.


And then, and then they go through, they're like T one, T one, T one, there's a whole bunch of cargo aircraft to fly and then it could like C one 30 helicopter and then you're done. Everyone's just like, well I guess we're done. Damn, damn. A lot of disappointment or Yeah, little disappointed. There's some people that, that, you know, their dad was an F four pilot and they wanted to be a fighter pilot and it just wasn't gonna happen and they're devastated. But most people I would say start seeing the good and what they're gonna be doing and you kind of have a idea of where you're at in the class as you're going through.


Gotcha. So if you're passing most of your rides and you're getting decent scores, you can look around and be like, well they're not necessarily, not everyone's making it through is effortless effortlessly. I know that's not the right word, but you're struggling but you're still moot progressing on time and that's not the case for everybody. So you start to kind of have the natural hierarchy kind of develop in the class. So there's not a ton of surprises. So you get, you go through your first sort, first sorting and then, and then what happens. So now I leave the Navy and I go out to Vance Air Force Base and ended Oklahoma and start to fly the T 38.


So that's where you get your, your fighter bomber pilots from. So that's six months flying the T 38 and it's basically the same syllabus that you just went through, but now it's in a much more advanced aircraft. Okay. What was your first time like going up in that? It was like, it was, it was devastating because it felt impossible. Like I was like, there's no way I'm gonna be able to do this. Like, the airplane was so fast, I was not able to keep up. Like it's like CPU overload, like I'm still thinking about what I need to do for pre takeoff checks and we're 10 miles from the base, you know?


Damn. And my instructors basically doing everything, you know, and you've practiced it, rehearsed it, studied it a ton, been in the simulator and you're, it's just, it's so difficult to make that transition and it's, it is a really hard airplane to fly. Like we've lost a lot of pilots in the T 38. In fact they're getting ready to replace it with an airplane that will be much easier to fly, still prepare you to fly, you know, tactical aircraft. But it's tough man, And, if you make a minor mistake, you're gonna end up as a fireball at the end of the runway. So it's, it's deadly serious. This is the one you were saying that's similar to a mig?


Yeah. Okay. So if it's so difficult, why, why do you think they chose that aircraft to Start? I, it's been around since the fifties, so I think it's just been effective. Like, it's like if you can fly the TT 38, you can fly anything. Do you think it's a wise decision to move to a easier aircraft to Fly? I think so. I think as we move, as we move on to more advanced fighters, they're actually not that difficult to fly. Okay. Like the, just the basics of taking off and landing and flying the airplane, they're extremely stable aircraft. So I think that, I think that they will be effective and it'll be a lot more use of avionics that will be similar to your follow-on assignments in fighter aircraft.


So yeah, I think it will work and I think it'll save a lot of people's lives. Is there any animosity within the pilot community that they're moving to an easier aircraft to fly? I Don't think so. I think most, most, most people are looking at it going, it's time. That's good. It is past time and we've all lost friends in that airplane too. And for just minor little errors, you know, damn. Like if you forget to drop the flaps on the final turn, which guess what students do all the time and you get five knots slow, the aircraft will stall and go nose down and impact the ground and kill you.


So shit it, there's very little margin for error in that airplane Shit. Have they already made that change? They're still flying 'em. I don't know exactly where they're at in the transition, but they've identified the new aircraft. It's a Boeing product, so who knows who Uhoh Probably be many delays. Don't Blow the whistle on that. You might get assassinated, right? Yeah, I'll leave. We've seen I that one alone, but we'll see, we'll see how that goes. Interesting, interesting. How many sortings are there? So now you get to the, so the first big sort is after primary training, then you go to the T 38 and then at the end of this six months, they then they assign you to your actual airframe that you're gonna, you're gonna, you know, fly for the rest of your career for the most part.


So out of my class, it was six guys I think. And according to our flight commanders, they really six Pilots total in the program. Yeah. Holy shit. At all the Air force. And how many years long is this training? The whole program is a year. So every year there's like, There's, they're starting a new class every few weeks. Okay. So I'm not exactly sure what the timeline is. They, they vary that based on demand signal from, from the combat air forces, you know, but I, I wanna say every like three to six weeks they start a new class.


Shit, that's still not very many pilots a year. Yeah. I mean you start out, you know, with 35 and now six of you are in this new track. Yeah. And out of that, it might be three, it might be five, usually actually get a fighter aircraft. Damn. So was that the last phase? Yeah. So you get done with that, then you get assigned to your, the aircraft, you're gonna fly. Alright, let's not go there yet. Sure. Let's keep, let's stay in training. So what, I mean, what questions should I be asking you about training? No, These are all good questions. Like the, the biggest like thing that I have that stands out to me from this experience is just, it's like how brutally stressful it was every day.


And at this point now your instructors are looking at you like, hey, this guy's gonna be on my wing potentially in combat in a matter of months. And is he cut out for this? He's gonna be in a single seed airplane. The instructor's not gonna be there for you to save you. So it's, it is all gonna be you. And so they're, they're just making sure, leaving every, you know, making sure there's no stones unturned. So if you have a weakness, it it, there's no way to paper over it. Like, so they will find it and exploit it and, and tell you either figure it out or you go do something else.


Damn. So it's, you know, like, it's like any difficult transformation it has, you have to be under pressure. So by the end of that program, I mean you're, you're a very capable pilot. So six months of extreme stress and I had like a terrible check ride at the very beginning of the T 38 program. So I'm essentially starting the program dead last in my class. Damn. And I'm going like, like the whole time in the back of my mind they're going, they're gonna send me to a balmer, I'm gonna get a bomber. Like, and I did not want to do that.


So, you know, now being older, seeing a little bit more and more mature, I know that those guys go on to have great careers and do amazing things. But, you know, 22-year-old me saw that as the biggest failure ever if I couldn't go fly the eight 10. Damn. So it was, it is just tough man. It's just like, I mean, you go to bed, shut your eyes and you're still, you're still seeing like radials and instruments and different site pictures that you need for flying this airplane. It just, you're, you're, they're turning you into just like a normal person into someone who can fly a fighter by yourself.


So it's difficult. Is there, so in the, in, in phase one and phase two which we're covering right now, would, I mean are you, is this straight up, this is how you fly the plane? Or is, is it, is there any engagements happening? Like not during using the weapons? None of That? Not during this phase. It's basic flying. Okay. So like, again, contact, which is just taken off and landing stalls and falls we call it just learn how to recover from stalls all your emergency procedures. Then it's aerobatics, you know, instruments formation, low level.


So this is, it's funny 'cause it's so difficult. And then later on in your career, it's the stuff you don't even think about you. Like you cannot be an effective fighter pilot if you're thinking about flying the airplane. So You're basically what you're saying is the fundamentals have to become muscle memory. Yes. It's like, for me that would be like shooting or you shouldn't be thinking about, I, I can't, you're not thinking about your controls and this and that, and then I'm gonna pull the trigger. It's just an extension of your body, it have to strap on the jet and it just becomes a part of who you are. And you're thinking about, you know, fast forwarding, now you're thinking about everything else that's going on in the battle space and you're flying your airplane.


So flying it becomes flow state. Yeah. Okay. It has to, like, if you're focused inside your airplane flying it, you can't manage the stack of all the aircraft and keep track of all the targets, threats, friendlies, artillery like you, it is just impossible. So you, they, they, they build this into you. So then going forward it just becomes second nature. You do it without thinking. How fast are you guys flying In the T 38? I think the standard crew speed was 300 knots. Damn. Well what is, what is that an MPH? It's similar, there's like a minor variation. Okay. But then it, it is super sonic. So up at altitude you can break the sound barrier, man.


Yeah, it's cool. What, I mean, what is that like? It's awesome. Do you feel it? Oh, oh, when you break the sound barrier? No, it, it's funny, you just actually just see the little mock meter going. You're like, hey, I guess cool, I've done something not everyone has done. Yeah, that's Cool. My first solo in the T 38 was pretty funny. So you, you know, you've gone through all this training and finally they're like, they give you the keys to the airplane and they're like, the last thing they always tell you is don't do anything dumb, dangerous or different. You're going to fly this very generic profile. But what does everybody do?


Go do something dumb, dangerous and different. So I remember sitting in the, the, in the runway waiting to take off and just being like, I'm, I'm looking to my left and right. Seeing the jets, you know, you see yourself in the mirror and you've got the visor and the oxygen mask on. You're just like, I cannot believe this is happening. And you're like, I don't know if I can land. Like you're like, I'm okay at it with the instructor coaching me. Like I don't know if I can pull this off like smoothly. you know? And like I said, people die trying, so it's no joke. But anyway, once you get cleared for takeoff, then it's just go time and you do what you're trained to do and it's not so bad.


But I get out to the airspace and I've got a 10,000 foot block. So that's my, my working airspace and I've got, I'm scheduled for like 20 minutes out there. What Does that mean? Does that mean you can't go higher than 10,000 feet? Yeah, so your block would be like, just as an example, they might be like your working airspaces within these like geographic confines. You have the altitude 10,000 to 20,000 feet. And once you're established in that airspace, they'll keep all the other airplanes out of it and you can maneuver how you wish and you're not gonna, you're not gonna have to worry about de conflicting with other aircraft. Okay. So, so I get out to my working airspace and the first thing I do is get to the very bottom of it, put it in full blower, goes like fast as humanly possible.


And then just, this is something we've never done practicing Of course. And just point the nose directly at the sky and go full aileron deflection. So now I'm just like, corkscrewing, oh my gosh. In the, and I'm like, this is like, it is like this is awesome. Like I can't believe I have this like Ferrari and I can do anything I want with it. And I'm like, I'm like, man, I'm kicking ass right now. This is so cool. I glance at my altimeter and I'm like 5,000 feet out the top of my, my airspace. Oh shit. Which like, you know, you're getting into like airline territory now. I'm like, oh damn it like this is not good.


So I like rip it to idle, pull the nose down and now the jet is like, now I'm screaming Oh my god. At the ground. And the, the T three eight has a tiny wing, which means it has a huge turn circle. So when you're at speed, like the radius of the turn is ginormous, right? So now I'm like trying to dish out this turn and I'm like, I'm like max performing the aircraft. I can't pull any harder and I'm just trying to dish it out. I go through the top of my block and I'm still basically vertical and I barely bring it back down to altitude right at the bottom of the floor, like 10,000 feet.


And now my heart rate is racing. I'm at like 200 beats per minute and I'm just going, I am such an idiot, I'm gonna get kicked out of this program. And it's like the first solo. So I like stand the throttles up, put it in 30 degrees angle bank and for the next like 24 minutes, I just fly this perfect circle around the Airspace. Can they see you? Can they see what you're doing? They, This is now they can see everything back then. Not nearly as much. So they might have like a radar feed, but it's like, you know, have latency. Yeah. And anyhow, so then I, I like, I bring the jet back, no issues. I walk in, first thing I do, I kinda look at the ops desk, see what they're gonna say.


They're like, Hey, welcome back. You got another sortie in 20, you know, two hours get ready. And I'm like, okay, we're good. We're good. How do you now get sick doing that? I just, when Your corks growing up at 300 miles an hour and then going straight down, I, I don't know, I think air sickness is a lot of it's psychological. This is, this is my view. I'm not a flight doctor, but I just refuse to get air sick. I was like, okay. I saw people wash out because of air sickness and I was just like, I'm not gonna get sick. I'm just gonna look outside.


It's not gonna happen. I, I think that maybe some people are more prone to it, but I think exposure it, you know, it helps. So if you are flying all the time, you're used to being hot, sweaty, maneuvering you just, you your body acclimate it like it does to anything else. Can you explain the G-Force? Yeah. So as you turn, pull on the stick, it's just that centrifugal force is pulling you down into your seat. So you know, if whatever your weight is, you have to times that by the number of G forces. So right now we're at one G, right?


So if we were at 10 Gs, you would, your frame would be carrying 10 times the amount of your body weight. So as you're under g like, so as I'm pulling out of that turn, you're doing what's called an anti G straining maneuver. So you have a GSU on, which looks like pair of like cowboy chaps and then they have air pockets in 'em. You plug that into the jet and then it uses the pneumatic system to squeeze your legs tighter and tighter the harder you pull. So you do that in combination with an anti G straining maneuver, which is you just flex your legs, flex your butt, flex your abdomen, and keep high pressure in your lungs.


And then you just take these quick, short, choppy breaths with the idea is you're forcing all the blood to remain in your brain so you don't lose consciousness and die 'cause you're by yourself. Wow. So you gotta learn how to, you know, fly and fight in that, that environment. And that's a lot of the training is just getting, finding out who's capable of doing that and then train yourself to be able to do it. Was that hard for you to master that? It came pretty natural being like kind of a shorter stockier guy? I think the guys that I saw that had problems pulling a lot of Gs were kind of taller and skinnier. So it's like, I think the distance from your heart to your, your head has an impact and then just your overall musculature.


So if you can hold that high tension in your body, you can just force that brain, that blood up to your brain a little bit easier. Wow. Do a lot of people go out? Yeah. Especially in like the F 16 happens all the time. A lot of, I've lost friends that way. Oh man. you know, it's, it's, they're pulling nine Gs, which is a lot. The A 10 max I think was like 7.5. But yeah, they're pulling a ton of Gs and they're right on that threshold and nobody wants to lose. Right. So there, your vision, as you start to g out, your vision starts going tunnel vision blacking out around the periphery and you're just looking right down the center and then it just closes up and guys going conscious, but like even the best guys will fly in that, that gray area where they're like about ready, that's pushing ready Us buddy.


Whoa. Just they want to, you know, You do that. No, the A 10, it being primarily a air to ground was not, this is, I'm talking more air to air now. Mm. Okay. A 10 is more just repetitive. Like you're pulling GS off target and then off target maneuvering. So you're getting that continuous stress, but it's not like you are in a turning fight And, if you can just get your nose around, you can gun the guy or get a missile on him. Now that's where they are under that prolonged sustained g and like the thrust of weight ratio of those fighters is incredible. So they can just, you know, full blower, full turn and sustain that energy.


So Shit. Yeah, it's a, it's a pretty dynamic environment. I don't know how you do it. Even just doing elevators in a helicopter man. Yeah. Going straight up, I feel like my brain's gonna go out my ass. Dude, it's so much better when you're flying yourself because it's, it starts to feel just like an extension of your body, right? Like it's just you, you and the machine merge and you're just thinking about your, your mission and you know what you're trying to do in that moment. So if I, yeah, I'd be way worse off in the back for sure. Right on. So you go through, so you go through, you get through phase two and what happens?


So now I'm a know that I'm borderline of what I'm gonna get. And, and essentially how it goes down is they bring you, you have an assignment night party and they bring you into the, the officers club and all your friends and family are there and they bring someone up and they have different ways of doing it that are, that are just funny, you know, kind of make it seem random, but it's not. But they have like big wheel of fortune and then there's your entire drop. So you get in the room and you're looking at like all the airplanes on the Wheel of Fortune. Right. And they, like I said, they have many different ways of doing it.


But then a guy will like, they'll just call somebody up and they'll spin it and then they'll like stop it and then keep it going. You know, it's like someone's actually manipulating it and then it stops and they go grab that airplane and then spin it. The next guy does. And so you basically just get assigned where you're gonna go. So for me, I have no idea what I was gonna get. They don't tell you. And my flight commander knew how bad I wanted to fly the A 10, in fact approaching the end of pilot training, he had told me that there were no a tens in the drop, which was true.


And I told him that I wanted to cross commission to the Marines and fly the Harrier or the Hornet and I told him all about this cross commissioning program that I was gonna do if I didn't get the A 10. And in my stupid mind I thought the air, like I could actually do that. 'cause there's a, there's a, an official program for transferring to other services and he just laughed. He is like, he's like, you have a 10 year commitment, the Air Force is not going to let you join the Marine. And I'm like, I'm having nightmares that I'm not gonna get what I, you know, set out to do. I I I would've been, again, it was a lot of immaturity at the time, but that's just how I felt about it.


And anyhow, I got up there and they're just like Lieutenant Stark and they like messed with me a little bit, showed different airplanes and then they're like, congratulations eight 10 to Tucson, Arizona. Then it was just total relief at that point. Damn man. Do, do you get pinned or anything like that? No, it is, it's before you've got your wings. Okay. It's like your, it's like maybe two weeks left. You have just a handful of sorties before you actually get your pilot wings. So you get the A 10, how long is it before you go to Tucson?


So there's still some more training you need to do. So you go to Survival School out in Spokane, Washington and you go to Introduction to Fighter Fundamentals, which is another washout program. So What'd you think is their school? I've never talked to a pilot about Sir School. I loved it. Like You loved it? Yeah, I was like in my element, you know, like out of the woods being just Yeah, back in the woods I was with my buddy, my buddy John. We were kind of like combat paired together and I'm a wrestler, so I'm used to not eating and cutting weight used to being in the woods.


So I I had a great time and then like everyone else is like starving to death. And I think I kind of like relished in the, the suffering, you know, it was, yeah, there's a lot you don't wanna divulge about it because when someone goes through it, you want 'em to have that experience unfold. Yeah. So they get the, get all the, the all the training value that they need out of it, but that survival school turns into your, you know, advanced beatings or your POW internment school or whatever they're calling it. So you end up as a POW and then you go go through that and it was, it was a great experience.


Like, I mean, just going through the full range of, of emotions as you're thinking about all of those, you know, POWs who've actually went through that and the guys at the Hanoi Hilton and yeah. The, you know, Japan and Germany and just going back and you're like, you know, this is scripted. We know that they're not gonna kill us. It's not that it's not that stressful, I know when we're leaving here. So, you know, it is not the same, but it, you do reflect on what those guys have been through and what your mindset would be if you were, were captured. So I, I just thought it was a great experience.


Good, good. And so then you go to a, some type of a fighter school? Yeah. So now you have another six week program, it's called Introduction to Fighter Fundamentals. It's in the T 38 and it's the last like vetting before they actually let you go fly a fighter aircraft. So, so that program again is six weeks and now you're starting to learn tactics. So you're taking everything you learned about the fundamentals of flying and now you're flying in tactical formations. You're learning the communications, the formations and everything you need for all the like air-to-air engagements.


So that way when you get to your first squadron, you've got like the vocabulary and the basic understanding of how to set these things up. Then you're learning the basics of air to ground and you know, so you're, you're going through the six week program and the way that the, the instructors are looking at it as now these guys are really close to get into a fighter squadron and this is our last chance to make sure they're good to go. So then that's also, like I said, a washout program. And in our era we lost, I don't know the stats, but it was a fair amount of people. They were just getting ejected left and right.


Damn. And I had such a hard time in T 30 eights. I was pretty stressed out about heading out there. But for some reason, just a combination of luck and timing or whatever it was, I just flew right through that program. I think I busted one ride and passed the recheck and was done like two weeks before everyone else. So I was just like, life is good man. I made it. Right on man. So I guess at that point you're heading to fly the A 10. Yeah, the next going out to fly the hog. Let's, let's take a quick break and when we come back, we'll pick up right there.


Donald Trump is officially the next president of the United States of America. While millions of Americans are celebrating the victory, thousands of others are still concerned about their savings. The unfortunate truth is we still have a $35 trillion debt. The interest on that debt could now be larger than our entire defense budget for the first time in history. Plus, the wars that started during the Biden administration are still raging across the globe. So what can you do to help protect your savings? Many Americans are already taking action by reaching out to a top rated precious metals company that's Goldco right now. Goldco is offering a free gold and silver kit to show you how precious metals like gold and silver, could help you diversify your savings before it's too late. Visit Sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold to get your copy free of charge. Plus you could receive up to a 10% instant match on bonus silver. For qualified accounts, visit sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. That's sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


Have you struggled to find tees that fit right and feel good? Are you tired of the boxy unflattering? Look, lemme tell you about True classic, true classic makes T-shirts, hoodies, jeans, and more in Multipacks that actually fit like a premium piece of clothing tailored just to you. And you can get this premium fit at a super affordable price. I love the fitted t-shirts and hoodies from True Classic. They fit perfectly wear well and I feel great in them. The holidays are here and true classics, ultra comfortable, perfect fitting essentials make for the perfect gift for you. And if you're a woman that's special man in your life. So if you're ready to upgrade your closet shop now and unlock big savings during their huge holiday sale, just go to my exclusive link@trueclassic.com slash s to save. That's true classic.com/ss. Please support our show and tell them we sent you end the year with holiday cheer. Thanks to True Classic.


Alright, Dale, we're back from the break. You're getting ready to sit in and fly the A 10 for the first time. Let's start right there. Yeah, that was just an incredible experience. I mean, you've been through so much, you start to maybe see the light at the end of the tunnel a little bit. Like you're actually, you're just can't believe you maneuvered through this maze and ended up exactly what you had set out to do. And it, the training in the A 10 was just a great experience. Like the mentality was you are one of us now and we're gonna train you how to employ this weapon system.


And there, there are guys and gals who don't make it through that training, but it's not for lack of trying from the instructors. So, so you do have a little bit of relief from that constant pressure, but not a, not a ton. But again, you just feel like you might actually make this happen. Now What, what, what's it like for you? Like you'd un you had not wavered in what you wanted this entire time. So I mean, just describe your first time climbing into that aircraft. Yeah, I still remember it like it was yesterday. Like the, the A 10 is huge for like a tactical aircraft.


If you see one next to an F 16, we used to joke that you could put the F 16 on one of our hard points and it would like work as a missile. Like it's, it's just a massive airplane. It looks similar size like a B 17 from the World War II era. And yeah, you get there and you're just, it's almost surreal, you know, so you go through again, ground school simulator training, and then you hit the flight line and there's no two seaters in this airplane. Like they made a couple and they never went operational with them. So every a 10 in the fleet is a single seat airplane. So you go through your simulator training and then next thing you know, you're out there on your first flight by yourself and you have an instructor and he's just kind of tucked in behind you the whole time.


And he's there and he's tucked on the radio and it feels similar to having him in your cockpit, but he can't take the jet from you if, if needed. So it's on you. But yeah, you, you just, you walk around this airplane, you see the galled avenger and you, you know, you're looking at the seven barrels, looking at all the hard points, the titanium bathtub. What Do you mean by the hard points? Oh, sorry. The hard points underneath the wing and the fuselage that hold your, like conventional weapons. Okay. So missiles, bombs, things of that nature. Are those all attached for your first flight? So you don't, for your first flight you might have some like aim nines that you just have to have like a symmetrical configuration.


Okay. So, but there's not much on it. They, depending on what you're doing, there's, there's, there's like a couple aim nines on it and then something to counterbalance it on the other side if I recall correctly. But yeah, so he was like, this is actually like, is this someone pinch me? Am I gonna wake up? And this whole thing was a dream because it's just such a whirlwind. But yeah, it's, it's incredible. And then you climb up the ladder, you know, fired up, drop the canopy and you're, it is got this big bubble canopy, so you're just kind of looking over your shoulders and you don't see a ton of the jet when you're sitting in the seat. 'cause they want you to have really good visibility to execute the mission.


So it's just, it's an incredible feeling. Like the T 38, you feel like you're in the jet, the, the A 10, you feel like you're sitting kind of on top of it, you know, like the jets just basically underneath and behind you is how it feels. And yeah. And then you again do everything that you've been trained to do. Take the runway, get cleared for takeoff, throttle comes forward and off you go and you know, get airborne, bring the gear and the flaps up and turn out into your working airspace and you're just like, you know, maybe look over at your instructor who's now your wingman and you're like, holy shit, I did this. I pulled it off. Like if I died tomorrow, I was an A 10 pilot.


I remember thinking that. I'm like, no one can ever take this away from me. What, how did it maneuver? It maneuvers great. So one of the key aspects of the aircraft and its design was making it highly maneuverable. So, you know, to, to execute the close air support mission, you need to have certain characteristics that enable you to do that effectively. So you need to be able to fly low altitude, you need to be, have good stability at low air speeds because you need to be able to battle track of what's going on. And then you need to be highly maneuverable so you can survive. So it's just, it's a, after coming outta the T 38, the A 10 is just a pure dream to fly.


It's got a big straight fat wing that creates a ton of lift. It's very forgiving. Like you could teach a any pilot to fly the A 10. No kidding. Yeah, just as far as like flying from A to B, it's just, it's a joy. Yeah. It's great to fly. So it was everything it was that you had hoped. Yeah, it was, it was amazing. I mean, you know, you're in your early twenties especially like where I had come from. You're going, I'm just going, I kept genuinely asking myself if it was real. Like it was almost unbelievable. And then it just, yeah, I just ran with it. And Are you the only student there?


No. So now, so there, there, there's five pilot training bases and so now you're pooled in with like, say one or two people from all those bases and then they'll wait a while to start a class. There's fewer a 10 classes and there are pilot training classes. So once they get like a dozen students, they'll start your class. Okay. So yeah, so now I'm with a new, you know, group of friends and we're all starting day one in the hog together and go and that's a six month program and tell you get done and go to your first fighter squadron Another six months. Yeah.


So yeah, it was just, it was incredible. I mean, and it's again, drinking through the fire hose, you're learning the basic maneuvers. The next thing you know you're doing air to air, then you're doing air to ground, then you're doing more complex air to ground, then you're doing everything at night. you know, it's just, it just quickly becomes where all of those skill sets you've acquired, they just have to be rote and muscle memory and you don't have time to think about it. 'cause now you're employing this airplane is a weapon system, which is a whole nother nother ball game. Wow. Wow. So can you go through some of the weapons that are attached to the A 10?


Yeah. So the most popular and the most fun to employ is the 30 millimeter. So it's seven barrel gatlin gun. It's powered by electrical and hydraulics. So it's kind of like a throwback to some, you know, 20th century weapon is what it feels like. It's freaking awesome. Carries 1,174 rounds and it shoots 70 rounds a second. 70 rounds a second. Yes. Holy shit. There's, you can carry, What's the math on that? How many rounds? 11. 1174. 1174.


The way I think about it, 70 Rounds a second. So what's that like maybe 10 seconds? Yeah, You don't necessarily employ it like that. You don't just empty the gun. You just, you get, they call it like a combat burst. So a couple, you Know how many comes out on a combat burst, As long as it takes you to say die, call me die. And that's how, how we trained our students like you, you know, you set engage the you, there's, there's more that goes into it. But you roll in, acquire the target, line up your symbology. So you have a continuously computed aim point.


So it's the computer's looking at the winds, your airspeed, your attitude, your altitude, the ground. And it's giving you a computerized site that's going to tell you where those, those bullets impact. And then you have something called precision attitude control. So you squeeze the trigger halfway and the jet will lock in place to just drive a nail through that point on the ground Shit. So it's for like killing tanks or armor, anything like that you need to get, reduce, you know, increase bullet density, reduce that dispersion that allows you to do that. So yeah, you roll in, acquire the target, check your parameters, you know, your dive angle, your air speed, your altitude, things like that.


Gauge pack one, make any minor adjustments. Die, call me die. Release the trigger. See impact. Pull off target, look over your shoulder, assess BDA. It's just awesome. Die. Call me die. That's gotta be a second, right? No, I think it's more like three seconds is real. Three. Oh you say it's slow? Yeah. So that's like 210 rounds. Yeah, They, they'd be a good burst depending on the being on the target, you know. Holy shit. What else? Well last thing on the bullets is you have high explosive incendiary rounds, which basically like little hand grenades that, that explode on impact.


So anti-personnel, things like that. And then we also can carry the armor piercing incendiary, which are the depleted uranium rounds, which can punch holes in the armor. So load out just depending on the potential targets. So it it's a pretty, pretty badass weapon. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Amazing. Yeah, everyone loves the gun. So when the first day you shoot the gun, it's, it's like, I love the sound of it. Oh yeah, yeah. And then the, the smell, it's probably terrible for you, but the, the cordite kinda fills the cockpit and you're just like, Yeah, I'll bet man.


Yeah, that brings some memories back. Definitely. And then the, what's what makes the A 10 or has made it so awesome at what it's done is its versatility. So you know, it's maneuverable, survivable in these types of cast fights. Like I believe wherever the army can operate, wherever Apaches can operate, the A 10 can operate just like the AC one 30. Yeah. We're not gonna go in against like triple digit Sams, but if the infantry is moving we can be there. So you have an assortment of weapons to help meet the ground commander's intent. So I talked about the 11 hard points and you can pretty much carry any conventional weapon that are, that's in the inventory.


So we carry aim nines for defensive purposes. So air-to-air missiles usually, typically depends on where again, again, but you have some sort of ECM, so like an electronic jamming pod, so you can help try to jam radars. And then you just have an assortment of like 500 pound class bombs. So like early in the GWA we dropped a lot of GBU U twelves, laser guided bombs. Then GBU 30 eights came online. So GPS guided bombs 500 pound class again. And then on my last deployment we had GBU 50 fours, which are laser and GPS guided.


So they continuously update with your, what you're lazying. Wow. So they just, they just react faster as, as far as like the GBU 30 eights, you like program the bomb, release it and then it'll hit that target is where GBU U 54, you're continuously sending it updates even when the bomb is in flight. And then rockets, you know, willy Petes, they call 'em white phosphorus for marking targets. Just get a big white plume. 'cause as a eight 10 pilot, you might need to do the Ford Air controller mission. So you need to get everyone else's eyes on the target area. So you might put down a couple Willy Petes and everyone says, yep, contact your smoke.


Then you can talk 'em on from there. And then Maverick missiles are always fun. And now they're carrying small diameter bombs, which have a massive bomb range and, and we're basically like just giant bomb truck for those can carry a ton of 'em. So yeah, like pretty much any conventional weapon in the inventory, the A 10 can carry. Damn. Damn. So think about a force ship of that showing up in a, in a gunfight, you know? Yeah. It's, it's like, it's a lot of capability. Yeah. Yeah. So go through six months of the school, you, you graduate and then what?


So now I get assigned to my first fighter squadron. So I go up to Fairbanks, Alaska and that's, that was my first assignment. Yeah. So load up everything I own in a short cab F-150, which, which is pretty awesome to think about. Like I could, yeah, like just like some clothing. And that's about it. Put in the back of my truck and off I go and I, I arrive there and it's like a ghost town 'cause everybody is in Afghanistan and there's one guy left and he had just gotten back from a deployment.


His wife was eight months pregnant or whatever it was. His name's Gecko, great guy. And he's the only one there. So he's just kind of keeping the lights on in the squadron and they're welcome me. So, and he's also an instructor and you're, when you arrive at your first squadron, you're not fully qualified yet. You have to do a local mission checkout before they finally sign you off and say you're good to go to flying combat. So they're already down range and I'm just dying to get down there and join 'em. And I talked to the commander and he is like, no, like it's too late.


Like, just get settled in and you'll get on, get in on the next rotation. And at that time I'm thinking this thing's gonna be over and I'm gonna miss out. you know, I'm gonna be the like one, a 10 guy from this era that has zero combat experience. And so I'm, I'm pretty bummed about that and I'm thinking about what I can do. What year is this? This is early 2000. So I early 2006. Okay. So I graduated in 2005, get there in 2006. So I go through my local checkout with Gecko and everything goes fine.


And something happened down range I still am not completely privy to, but there was, I don't, again, I don't know exactly what happened, but I think somebody screwed something up and got sent home and morale was low. They had been there a while and it was just kind of a lull in the deployment. Hmm. And I talked to my commander and I had a proposal and I was like, Hey, if, if you let me come out, I will bring a giant cooler full of like frozen halibut, salmon, you know, whatever, like I can do to kind of bring some fresh energy to the squadron.


We can have a big barbecue and it'll be, it'll be awesome. And he thinks about it and he's, he gets back to me, he is like, okay, let's do it. Like, get your butt out here. So, so I get this giant cooler and I fill it up with like all the halibut and salmon I could find, pack it with dry ice and off I go to Afghanistan. So my, my first flight in the A 10 that was not on a grade sheet, meaning was not part of an official syllabus, was actually in theater, which was pretty cool.


But anyhow, before we even get there, to get to Afghanistan as a single, you know, they call it a singleton by yourself is kind of a chore because, you know, as a squadron goes, they have, you know, airlift, tanker bring all the people, the pilots flying, the extra pilots just fly in the airlift, whatever it may be, and you all just arrive and get it spun up and start operating. But all that I did is I had orders to Bagram and, and I had to figure out how to get there once I got in theater. So Where were you headed? I was headed to Bagram.


Okay. From Alaska. So I finally That's Where you were going in theater? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that was my final destination. So I get to like, I think it was Ma Manus, is that right? So it was like one of the staging bases back in the day. And like everywhere I stop along this way, along this journey, I'm like, I go find the kitchen and like refreeze this giant ass pain that I'm bringing with me now. Yeah. So, and like I get stuck midway, like they just didn't have any airlift going in at that time. So I'm like spinning all my days at the terminal waiting to get there.


And I finally, I finally make it to Bagram and I show up and I'm like, I'm exhausted. Like I haven't slept, I haven't got a good night's sleep since I left. I'm like pale, bloodshot eyes like, and I just kind of like straggling with my cooler. And I'm like, ah, I made it like, like I'm here and the guy at the duty desk, a guy named Neo, he, he looks at me, he is like, oh, you're that you're that new guy. He's like, Hey, I got a job for you. We need you to go do a maintenance engine run. And I'm going like, well I've never done that particular check in the A 10, like, what is it?


And he's like, oh, it's, it's easy. Like you'll be fine. Just follow the checklist. And then I'm like, oh, I'm a former crew chief. I should, should be able to figure it out. Right? And so I haven't even been in theater like an hour and I'm just grab my helmet and I walk out to the, to the airplane to go help him out, do this, this maintenance engine run. And some crew chief walks out of the crew Chief Shq, and he looks like he's like 12 years old. Okay, this guy is super young. And I, and I talked to him and he's like, yeah, I've never done this particular check either. And he's like, but my NCO told me that I'd be fine if we just run the checklist.


So that should have been my red flag to like go in and, and say, tell 'em this is not a good idea. But we press on of course. And so we're working our way through this checklist, which neither of us really understood. Okay. And there comes to this point in the checklist when you test these engine governors, okay? So they have a system in the A 10 where you can throw the fuel flow switches and get excess thrust for an emergency situation. And so what that does is it basically disables the engine temp governors. So it increases the thrust by like 20%.


Okay. So there's a whole bunch of things you're supposed to do, which I understand now before you run this check to make sure you're in a safe position and, and nothing bad happens, which we did not do. So we, we were not, we shouldn't have actually been doing this. Come to find out. So he says the next thing you do is like, push the throttles up to max, then engage the fuel flow switches, they'll snap back into normal range and then bring the throttles to idle. And I'm, and I'm like, that's like an awful lot of thrust here on the ground just in parking.


So I have 'em read it to me again and we talk about it and I go, okay, I'm gonna do it and I'm just gonna be really fast. Okay. So like, because I know this is gonna, this engine temperature is gonna rise rapidly and as long as I get it quickly we should, should be fine. I mean, it's in the checklist, right? So, so mind you, I haven't even met the commander in person. I had just walked into the squadron and here I am doing this check that I had never had previously. So I get ready to go, I push the throttles for all the way to max. I'm trying to be slow and deliberate about it. And the engine temps just spike faster than I had ever seen.


'cause I had never pushed the throttles up with that setting. And the jet jumps, the chalks slides forward and the crew chief has to like run and dive outta the way. And I almost like, I almost killed him. Holy Shit. And I had been, like I said, I'd been in theater like not at all. And so now I have to, I have to call it to ground control and request taxi back all the way back to parking. And I don't even have a call sign because I wasn't even planning on flying. So I've been in, I've been in theater again. I just got there and I'm making a complete ass of myself. And I'm going, I'm thinking to myself, okay, like he's okay, I didn't hit the aircraft in front of me and I'm getting sent home.


Like that's what's going through my mind. I'm getting sent home on day one of this deployment. Holy shit. So anyhow, I request taxi back. I don't have a call sign. So I'm like, what's the tail number? I'm like, aircraft 0 6 9, request taxi back to parking. And they're like, aircraft 0 6 9, where are you at? And I'm like, just forward of my parking spot. They're like, like everybody's confused. They're like, okay, go ahead. So I, I whip around park and walk back into the squadron and I go back to the duty desk.


I'm like, where's the commander? I need to talk to him right now. Like that. Thankfully the commander's like one of the, the greatest leaders like I ever had the pleasure to work for in my career. But he, I explained to him what happened and he's just like, like, what are you talking about? And we go out to the flight line and there's this giant like tire streaks On the, And then he is like, he like thinks about it and he's like, okay, here's what we're gonna do. He is like, you're gonna brief the squadron on what happened, like what went wrong, why we went wrong and, and how to avoid that in the future.


So I did that. I then I q-tips like, okay, you can fly in theater, but you're flying with me because I'm not too sure about This guy. Yeah. So anyhow, so I bring that up because everyone in, you know, every, every fighter pilot has a call sign, right? So in the movies, a call sign something cool, right? In real life it's something embarrassing. It's something you screwed up and it's something to make fun of you. 'cause that's more fun. So, so I got the call sign pork chop Because I, I porked up a chop check 'cause that was the, that's what they called that particular check.


'cause you chop the throttles back. So then I, you know, for the rest of my next 20 years, the rest of my career I was known as pork chop for Nice. For that story. So did you mess it up or was that, was it a Oh they mess, mess up the checklist. Yeah, like there was a variety there. Like most mishaps, thankfully it wasn't, didn't become a mishap, but it's like error on top of error on top of error. And that particular checklist was meant to be run one engine at a time while you're on the runway preparing for takeoff as a functional check pilot. As a maintenance pilot.


What I went on later to do in my career. So I got a, you know, full scope of what you're supposed to do. Yeah, gotcha. But young dumb me of course just thought we could figure it out. So anyhow, lesson there is, if you are asked to do something that you don't really understand, especially if it involves giant airplanes and fuel and weapons, just don't do it. Shit. You'd be better off saying no, Welcome to Afghanistan. Yeah. I legit thought I was getting sent home on day one. Yeah. Because if you screw something up in theater, that's the mo they send you home.


Yeah. Yeah. Wow. So did you fly that trip? Yeah, so I went on to fly, I flew with some amazing pilots. A lot of these guys had experience in the Gulf War and I, I was a wing man at this point. So your role is the wing man is to support your flight lead and he's closely monitoring you, especially as an experienced flight lead. So yeah, that, that deployment was cool. I caught in the tail end of it and flew on the wing of some of the best pilots in the air force and got to learn directly from them how to get the job done. Any Combat, I never shot the gun on that, that deployment.


So Wingman is primary role is vis calm. And lastly firepower. So as my flight lead would employ, I would be in a position to monitor the situation. There's areas where you can't see underneath your aircraft. So you develop tactics to where when he exposes himself, so to speak, you are in position to monitor those threat areas. Interesting. And then call out anyone shooting at him. So I was able to just again, be in positioned to monitor and observe and learn really is what I was doing. Who Were you working with the most? Like on the ground?


you know, it was, it was in oh six. It was a variety of places. I would say for the most part we were working up near the border over like, we called it Nixon's nose on the map, but I'm trying to blank on the region, but just up by the Pakistan border. Okay. Where all the foreign fighters were starting to flow in Coast. Yeah, definitely up in there. And it, it was much less of, I got to see it as a part of kind of getting oriented in the airspace, but we weren't going to like southern Afghanistan nearly that much in that deployment.


Did the flight league get any combat? Yeah. Yeah, I got to, I got to support, support some shooters. What units were you working with the most? I'm not sure. Are you talking about like the ground units? Yeah. You were working with Seals Green Berets. So you, the way that on that deployment I worked with conventional forces. Okay. Mainly. And so the way that it worked was is like an inexperienced guy, you're most likely gonna fly for me in the day and you're gonna just support, they call it like xca, a lot of times it would be just go look for like, you know, scan roots, whatever it may be.


Oh, Okay. Look for like mortar and placements. So You're kind of picking fights. Yeah. Not really a fight, but you're taking people out. You're Basically Like a reconnaissance. You're waiting, you're just airborne to wait to respond to a troops in contact. Okay. So like that and that deployment was the first time that I, you get the call, you know, like you hear the Mike Key on the radio, you hear the kind of scared voice, you hear the, the gun fire and then you realize like, oh damn, like this is what we're trained to do. you know? So it was a lot of conventional forces. Again, I didn't fly at night on that deployment, but just like, hey, this convoy being engaged from this hillside or whatever and they're stuck here or whatever and they're shooting it out and go try to find and fix and target that enemy position.


So a lot of stuff like that. Well let's talk about, let's, I mean, what did it feel like for you being on your first real world mission operation? Again, it is just another thing of like, this is, I can't believe this is happening. you know, you're like seeing Roberts Ridge, you know, you're seeing to Bora, you're seeing all these places, you know, so now we're, you know, several years after nine 11 and then you're seeing it with your own eyes man, you know, and you're, you know, you're doing what you've been trained to do, which is support the guys on the ground. So it felt really good to, you know, you could help them break contact just by your presence.


So they're in a gunfight, they may even be taking casualties and you show up and they break contact 'cause you're there and they're able to get 'em out, you know, or you're able to provide cover for CVAC or whatever needs to be done. So, you know, and you just start realizing the reality of the situation too. You see the losses, having the ramp ceremonies, you know, the base getting targeted with indirect fire and you're just like, wow. Like this is actually happening. This is not just something that ve been training for. We're actually doing it. And I actually, I love being deployed 'cause you know, no paperwork, no grade sheets, the briefs were very truncated.


you know, they kept 'em short and sweet all about what you were going to do that day. And it was just all about flying. Are you guys up there every day As a pilot? So no, you're not up there every day. Maybe every other day. And it just really depends on your role in the squadron. So like every pilot has an extra duty. So like, as a new wingman, I'm working in the mission planning cell. So I'm building all the products for when I'm not flying, I'm building all the products for people who are flying. So they can wake up, show up, you've got their DTC, which is just like a cartridge with all their different points of interest.


You can upload that information into your, your system. So you're getting all, everything ready for their mission. You're getting their mission data cards ready, their fuel plan, and just everything all dialed in. So when the pilots show up and just hand them all their stuff. So all they have to do is kind of look it over, talk to their wingman about what they're doing that day and then go fly. So Is there different, how do I say this? Is there, is there, are there a 10 pilots that are attached to conventional units and a 10 pilots that are attached to SOCOM and a time a 10 pilots attached to JSO and I mean, are There different like for the Yeah, not not.


And it changed throughout as the war went on. So on that first deployment, there were like the most experienced pilots, kind of like our weapons officers and some of their hand selected guys that were also like instructors or four ship flight leads, like very experienced. And they flew like all the night missions. Gotcha. So it was like, you know, all the pre-planned supports for the raids and things like that. Oh, okay. Yeah. And then, and then everybody else just flew the line meaning, Okay, so one's kind of like, would, would I be correct if I said one is kind of like a loitering, like a lo like, like there's conventional units out and you're just loitering waiting for something.


Waiting for a need. Yeah, exactly. You're trying to be proactive. Okay. And you've gotta find those threats. But you're essentially there to respond to anyone who takes contact in theater. And then for the other guys, Then they would like, They're in the, they're in the, in the, they're in the like a, a SEAL task units briefing. Yeah. So that's how it was early in the war. So, and then they would basically brief up like the entire op, you know, and be a part of it. And there would be like specific guys assigned to that Okay. Role that were, like I said, very experienced.


But then like when I was there in 2014, there was, it had changed quite a bit and it was like, hey, if you're combat ready and you're on the, you know, your mission overlaps with your, with this mission, you're flying that. So it was a kind of a different, everyone was prepared for it. 'cause by that time the squadrons had evolved, kind of meet the needs downrange. Gotcha. So then if you're a fully qualified combat ready wingman, you need to be ready for that mission. So it would be, whoever was scheduled at that time would be a part of that mission.


Okay. Interesting. Interesting. So you took, so what happened after that deployment? So go back to I Air Force Base and Fairbanks and just go back to like life of a normal a 10 pilot, which is just training essentially. So going to flags in Nellis Air Force base in Las Vegas. Lots of, lots of travel, and just some of the best flying I ever had in my life. I mean, like the airspace in Alaska is just unbelievable. You're, you know, I, it was, it was really, really pretty wild.


'cause now I've got, you know, some more experience under my belt. I'm flying without this, that immediate oversight. I get my Ford Air controller qualification quickly after that deployment. So, I mean, it was, it was incredible. What does that mean? So Ford Air Controller is, it's another qualification for an A 10 pilot. So what that mission is, is, are you familiar with like a J tac? Yeah. Like, or TAC P or whatever. So you guys go through a J TAC course? Yeah. So you become qualified to give clearance to release ordinance from the air.


Okay. So, and this goes way back, you know, they really develop this during Vietnam with like the OV tens and then the F 100 fast facts. But so yeah, you're, you're going out there checking in with the guys on the ground, getting everything sorted, finding the targets, building the nine lines, then bringing in support fighters. And you're flying this single ship a lot of the times, maybe a wingman and then getting their eyes on and flowing 'em in, getting them to destroy the targets and then flow out. And so you can just orchestrate this giant symphony of destruction.


Would you, Real quick, 'cause there's gonna be a lot of people in the audience that don't know what a J TAC or attack P is. Could you describe that For the audience? Yeah, so they're like Air force guys who are embedded with Army units and they are the air experts. So what they do is they kind of provide that common language between the guys on the ground and the guys in the air. And so they're supposed to be competent in both worlds so they can get your eyes on target and give you clearance to release ordinance in the ground commander's battle space. So is does that, does that make sense?


Makes perfect sense. It's it's a for the, yeah, it's a, or like with us in a SEAL team, it would be a seal that's, that's a communicator that's trained to talk to you guys. you know, and I, I guess they know I didn't go to jtac or TAC P or anything, but I employed for a SEAL jtac once and like I I, I was like blown away by those guys. This is a, In a good way or a bad way? No, it was good. Like the guy, what, what stood out to me is there in this like running gunfight and he sent me a perfect nine line. Like he was like shooting with one hand and talking on the radio and running and, and sent me a nine line.


Damn. Could you see it happening? Yeah, I was watching him, man. That's crazy. I was like, this guy is a badass. Like, what was that Op I don't remember. Like, so a lot of, a lot of our, a lot of our like engagements there, it's, it's so different than when you hear them tell the stories of the ground ops where it's like, it's like buildup and then, and then execution and then this or that goes wrong and then they make it back and then the debrief or whatever it is. A lot of ours is just, we're out there flying xca and there's multiple what? Oh sorry. Like alert for closed hair support.


Okay. Meaning you're just, you don't have any specific tasking. You're Loitering, You're loitering, you're waiting for something to happen and then you get the call and you just go to it. So I might not know the full depth of, of the operation. Gotcha. I just know that this team is in a running gunfight and they want some 30 millimeter on that, on that enemy like PKM position, you know? So that, that's what a lot of our engagements look like. Interesting. Very interesting. Yeah. I lo I'm sorry, I lost, where were we? We're back home Fairbanks. Yeah. So it was just one of the best times of my life.


So I'm like, I'm just flying my ass off. I think I look at my log book, I have some months where I was getting like 21 sorties in a month, which is flying almost every day. Damn. So I'm just, I'm just flying my ass off. I'm getting much better at, you know, the job of being an a 10 pilot. Great friends, just like seeing the most amazing sites like flying in the Alaska range. The, I mean, That's gotta be incredible. It's so cool. We had this giant map of the entire state of Alaska And. if you ever saw like a herd of like caribou, you know, you'd go plot it on the map and put the date. and so we just had like, just had the entire state like dialed in, you know, you're like, Man, that's cool.


It was awesome. It, you know, there's like, they always say there's nothing like your first fighter squadron. There's you'll, there is something about being brand new and that first exposure to this new world. And it, and it, it lived up to everything I had hoped for. Where do you go from here? So from there I went to Korea. So Korea. Korea, yep. Why did you go to Korea? There's a permanent base of permanently assigned squadron of a tens eight os on air base. So it's just a one year tour and, and it's just normal part of an a 10 pilot progression.


Gotcha. you know, just go bang out a year at Korea And from there And then from Korea? Yeah. Oh, well there's some noteworthy in Korea. Oh, is there? Well, a little bit. I mean, okay's, so Korea's like, Sorry, I meant, I I you made it kind of sound like a, like a Just fly through Korea. Yeah. Like a, some type of career development just to check. No, I Was flying out there. Okay. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah, no worries. It, it is just, there's like five active duty, a 10 squadrons at the time. One of 'em was Korea. Okay. So if you wanna stay in the jet, you gotta volunteer for Korea. So like, people enjoy it, but it's not like a choice assignment.


So you finish up a normal, you know, like Alaska, some stateside, go do a year of Korea and then come back to the community something else. But anyhow, so I do a year out at Osan and I'm, again, I'm, I'm now like a first lieutenant and I'm flying, like, flying like crazy. And this is when I first started having like back and neck issues from a lot of, from wrestling and training hard and skateboarding and all that stuff. It's, it's like I always had like issues even before I joined the military.


Yeah. And then it's just like all these sorties with all these gear, I'm starting to like have these symptoms that I'm Yeah. Trying to deal with before, Before you Can you just get in because I, that's something I'd never thought of when you were, when we were talking to breakfast this morning. Is the the, like the physical stuff that you guys deal with inside that cockpit? I had, I mean I had no idea. Yeah. So, you know, the human body is very resilient and it adapts to a lot of different stressors. But you know, we've, you know, we're basically built to like run, jump, lift, hinge, press.


There's all these movements that the human body is designed to do. Something that's not designed to do is just be smooshed over and over again, you know, year after year. So most every fighter pilot ends up with some, you know, back and neck issues if they'd been in the jet for a period of time. So I had some neck and back issues before I joined even they were nothing to speak of, but it would just be like, oh, I threw my back out and missed a tournament, or whatever it may be. But now, you know, you're wearing the helmet later, you're wearing the helmet mounted queuing system, which it has these electronics and a monocle over your eye.


So you can see things on the data link when you look over the rail and down on the ground. But all this adds weight to the helmet. you know, you have a visor at night, you have the night vision goggles and all the brackets and stuff that go for those attachments. So you're adding a lot of weight to, to your nugget, you know, and then now the demands of flying is you're constantly under g so you're, you know, say you're, I don't know what it, what it weighs, but say your 10 pound helmet under seven Gs now weighs 70 pounds. Shit. Yeah. And, if you're flying 20 sorties a month and you've already have back and neck issues and now you're pulling, you know, hard on the aircraft off target, over and over again, you're looking behind you.


So you're, you're twisted and then you're being compressed. It just, it's gonna bring out any issues there. So the short of my career assignment is I'm trucking along, flying, flying nonstop there. There's exercises and I'm having a great time, but I'm starting to get like numbness in my hands starting to kinda lock up. And like, the number one rule of fighter pilots is you never talk to a flight doctor. you know? 'cause you don't wanna lose your flight status. So I'm, I, anyhow, so that assignment, I'm like halfway through and one morning I'm getting ready to fly, I go to tie my boot and I'm literally just stuck in position.


I'm like, I, I'm completely locked up. I can't move. And I'm like, I can't, I can't fly today. So pull myself off the schedule. Talked to the commander and he is like, he's like, man, you're gonna have to get this checked out. So go to a flight doc, get a scam. And they're like, oh yeah, you've got like terrible degenerative discs and you've got all these issues. And I think at that time he said something about if I eject, it's gonna cause all these problems. So that basically right there was grounded from flying the hog about halfway through that assignment.


So now I'm sitting there going, okay, I, you know, was doing exactly what I wanted to do and now I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to fly an ejection seat aircraft again. That had to be pretty devastating. Yeah. Talk about going from a high to a low, you know? Yeah. And you're like, what's, what am I gonna go be like a logistics officer? Yeah. Like I still have a 10 year pilot training commitment and I'm like, I don't know, four years into it or whatever it was. And so yeah, it just went from where I felt like the ultimate high being on just, you know, you start to build up your, so many things came down to luck and timing, but up to that point, everything had worked out exactly as I had hoped.


So you just start to think that that's how the, the world is just gonna bend to your favor on everything. And then all of a sudden it's just all, it's all gone. you know? So, so then I had a choice as to, there's like, this is not gonna be a short term thing. So you're not permanently disqualified, but you're disqualified for now from flying fighter aircraft, basically anything with an ejection seat. So they're like, you gotta figure out what you want to do. And at that time they needed people to go fly like small ISR aircraft for afs o so Air Force Special Operations Command.


But I was told if you do that, you will never come back to the A 10 because it's a different major command and it's a one-way street. You're not gonna go to Fsoc and then come back to Air Combat Command. It just doesn't work that way. And so alternatively they said you can take this assignment to Vegas, flying the MQ nine doing the unmanned stuff. So Is that the predator? The reaper? So the reaper, it was the, the follow on to the predator. So that's what I chose to do. So finished up my year in Korea. So that's not AFS soc or that They have, I'll just, I'll leave it at there are multiple, you know, mag comms that fly these airplanes.


And so I flew Air Combat command MQ nines essentially doing the same mission I was doing in the A 10. But instead of, Do you know who you were flying for? I was, I mean, we could get into it. I was flying for pretty much anything that was going on in Afghanistan for four years. Holy shit. Six days a week. 12 to 14 hours a day. No, no I didn't, I was flying for, I was doing Air Force missions, so, okay. Yeah. So Does the agency have their own po Do you not want to talk about this?


Yeah, I don't, I watched a lot of kill TV at the agency. I wonder if you were in the control room? Yeah, Maybe, maybe not. Huh. Roger that. So yeah. I, it is just, it's funny, I described this like, they're like, what was it like to go from the A 10 to the MQ nine? And I was like, well, like one, it was devastating. And two was, what I realized was it was a lot, it was very similar, just strip away everything that I liked about flying and being an Air Force officer and pilot.


So you don't get to fly, you don't get to shoot the gun, you don't get to smell the gun gas in the cockpit. All your former friends treat you like you have some communicable disease. 'cause they don't want to catch whatever you had the, for whatever, you know, fate or what, however you ended up, you know, here flying these unmanned aircraft because at that time they were severely undermanned and they were just randomly grabbing people from all over the Air force and sending them there. So yeah, it was just like, it was pretty, it was like, at first it was very devastating, miserable.


And then I kind of, so Is it that, is it that the adrenaline's gone? Yeah. Is that what it is? And it, you like when you are flying the A 10, like just stepping out the aircraft out to the aircraft. Like you've got the helmet bag over your shoulder, you see the jets, the, the sun's beating on your skin. Like you like, and then you're, you're in the airplane that the canopy's up, you're, you're just looking around as you taxi out and get ready to fly. Like you just feel like a badass. Yeah. You feel like King Kong and you're just, you're, you know, in theory you're hoping to, there's a gunfight so you can show up and just wreck shop, right?


Like that's the mentality. And then you go from that to, it's like the opposite species. Now you're like this cave dweller that lives underground, you know, it's like dark and you're staring at computer screens and there's nothing cool about it. There's nothing fun. There's nothing glorious or glamorous. Like it's just work. you know? Yeah. It's just stripped away everything that I enjoyed about flying and you still have the tasks, but that's it. Damn. But you know, I quickly realized like, so in the 18 community we talk about, it's all about the guy on the ground.


It's all about the guy on the ground. Like it's not about you, it's about the guy on the ground. And I realized that this was an opportunity to prove to myself that I actually believed in that. Because at that point it's not about you at all. And, but you, I was like, I still have this, this tool and I'm still in the same stack. I was talking to my buddies on the radio, I was hearing some of the, you know, all the same call signs Wow. From when I was in theater and just now I am controlling this aircraft remotely from Vegas. you know, so Yeah.


And then you, you learn a lot about insurgency. 'cause you know, as an a 10 guy, say you go deploy deployment started at four months and they went up to six months. Say you do one of those every three years, you're probably gonna have an instructor duty staff duty, something like that. So you might do a couple of those throughout your career. Well now I'm in theater six days a week in my brain, 12 hours a day for four years. you know what I mean? So you, you get really good at actually carrying out that mission of protecting the guys on the ground.


Man, that's interesting because, not to inject myself here, but I wanted to have this discussion with you because when I was in the, I left the SEAL teams in 2006. I did a one enlistment very short pump, but RJ tax were always, because that, that was right around the time where drones were coming online more and more, at least from my perspective. But there was always a lot of discussion about having a tens Apaches and, and, and our guys would go meet the Apaches and meet you guys before an operation and get that face to face kind of personal relationship building.


And then as the war went on, and more and more drones came online, it was, there was always a big fear. Like we don't have, we don't have that personal relationship where it's where we just met Dale, you know, and he knows like, oh fuck, that's Sean and his team on the ground down there that are getting the shit knocked out of him. you know? And, and, and when it came to drones it was, we lost the personal touch, you know? And, and I mean, what did you, what were your feelings like as a pilot about that? Yeah, It, it was really a mixed bag at the time because it became, like, we called it the land of the broken toys.


So, you know, you might, as your SEAL team, you might get a guy who was six months ago, an a 10 Ford Air controller that can speak your language, can control the stack, is gonna make this very easy for you. In fact, I might even build you the nine line, you can read back to me. you know what I mean? But you, on the flip side, you might get a guy who has been flying the AAC for 10 years who never upgraded to Aircraft Commander because they weren't quite sure of his capabilities and they didn't know what to do with them.


So they're like, Hey, let's, let's send them to, let's send 'em to this unmanned community. And they just needed so many people. I mean, they were sending, they would just send out a requirement to fighter squadrons and just say, you will send us three pilots on this next VML and or even right now because it was such a high demand asset. So everybody was just throwing bodies at this program. And yeah, so the, the product at that time especially was just varied widely. And so what I felt like my responsibility was, was to do everything in my power to ensure that myself and everybody around me, so my squadron was as capable as possible and we didn't lose track, you know, try to kind of instill that same mindset of like, hey, this isn't about us.


Like if you find that IED in Placer before the convoy gets there, that's everyone in that mrap going home to their family instead of just ending up, you know, in a pile of frag on the side of the road. So just trying to get that mindset to people that never really wanted to be, it's tough, it gotta go operator. Right? It was, it was very tough. I mean it's, even for you, it's gotta be tough to realize the, the, I don't know, the complexity of the situation, being able to visualize it outta your cockpit and see, see what's happening on the ground versus, I mean, it sounds like You're looking through Call of the Soda Straw, It sounds like Call of Duty at, at the, the unmanned, I mean, it's, it's gotta be hard to visualize and have a personal connection and, and realize like those are fucking lives down there.


Those little, I mean white Yeah. Figures that are moving around. Those are, those are our people. And I mean, is it, is it, is it, it's gotta be weird, right? Yeah. I mean it would, there's so many weird aspects to it of modern war, you know, like being engaged in a firefight. you know, your brain is there, your body is in a freaking shipping container in the desert, you're done. And then 15 minutes later you're home with your wife. Do you re, do you, do you realize that the stakes are as high as they are when you're flying an Unmanned?


I never forgot that. And I, I, and we will talk about getting back to the A 10, which when I left the A 10, they said, you'll have a chance of getting back. This is because every a 10 pilot has to do a career broadening assignment. And they're like, this is your, they call it Alpha Tour. They're like, this is your alpha tour and you are welcome back to the community, so we're not ejecting you from the community. Which can happen, you know? But then when I got there, the commander's like, Hey guys. Like, I know they didn't lie, but the truth changed is, is what we were told. I remember that line specifically.


They said, now you're one of us. Like, get comfortable here. This is your new major weapon system. So port shop, you are not a 10 pilot, you're now an MQ nine pilot. And that's just a fact. So, you know, you can cry about it, but get over it. And we got a job to do. So they, they told us we would not go back. This is a new, they're not treating it like extra duty. This is a new platform and it will need like permanent party. And that's, that's what they told us when we got there. So now I'm sitting there going, okay, like I'm, I'm done. you know, like I'm never getting back to the hog and I'm looking at my commitment going, okay, I've got like five years left or whatever it was, and going, okay, I'm just gonna finish out and, and separate at the end of that time.


But yeah, it was kind of devastating in that regard. But when it came to executing the mission, I I, I just felt like I needed to throw myself into this job because there are like countless Americans in harm's way. And if, if we do our job well, I train the people around me. So they like almost immediately make me like an instructor pilot and evaluate pilot a flight commander. So they're like, we need leadership here. We need some supervision. And anyone with any tactical background can needs to step up and fill that role.


So, damn, that's a big responsibility. Yeah. So now you're like a young captain and, and you're just, I mean, you're, there are a lot of weapons getting sent down range by people who are not fighter pilots who are not trained to do this in making that top cut every step of the way. It's, it's just everybody and they might not even want to be there. And, but you know what, like I said, it's, there's still Americans in harm's way and what, and this is not the tool I'd prefer to be doing the job in. I'd rather be in my hog, but this is what they've given me. And if this is, you know, this is what I, this is what I have, I'm gonna use it to the best of my, my ability.


And I did that, you know, I went there and I, I, I basically, all I did at that assignment was just work and sleep. We were severely undermanned undermanned on the leadership side. And I just flew or sat operations supervisor for nearly four years, straight six days a week. So was this, was flying an unmanned aircraft, your first engagement with an en enemy combatant? Yep. What, I mean, can you just, can you describe your first engagement? Yeah, your first bill. So we got rolled to a tick. So like I was saying, the, it looked very similar to the missions that we were doing downrange in the A 10.


It was just another capability, you know what I mean? Like, it was just another option. So there's only the a tens could only go so far. And so I'm Air Force flying Air Force missions, you're just another asset that's available. So I'm doing similar things. We're like root scanning this and that. We get rolled to a tick. A tick is a troops in contact, sorry, Troops in contact. So we get, there's a gunfight and we were the closest asset. And they send us over there and they give us general, you know, we do all the things you do on the hog, it's just now you're remotely connected, but you're still on the radio and now you're looking through a soda straw of the targeting pod instead of looking over the rail and having a targeting pod.


So just a different asset altogether. But really at the end of the day, you're servicing targets for Americans. So, so that's what we did. So we get rolled two troops in contact. There was like a machine gun position where they were getting shot from and they give us general coordinates of where it's coming from. And we start scanning Who's we? So this is now a two person aircraft. Okay. So you have a sensor operator that sits next to you. So in the A 10, I'm, I'm my own sensor operator, right? I've controlled the targeting pod. Now I fly the airplane, I control the weapon systems and the sensor operator controls the, the sensor or the targeting pod, if you will.


So we, you know, now. So now instead of, and it's insanely frustrating 'cause I would rather do it myself and you're going, okay, look here, look there, look there. And you know, and the more experience they get, there's, some of 'em were awesome and they would do what you wanted to do before you could even say it out loud. But yeah, so they just, you get to that general area, you start searching and then next thing you know, you find, you know, a couple guys. There was one PKM, I still remember the image. There's two guys and they're, they're just like shooting at the friendlies, you know, they're laying in a prone position. So we get a nine line select GBU 12 and roll in and put a GBU 12 right on the target.


Damn, what's a GBU 12, 500 pound laser. Got a bomb. Did you get any satisfaction outta that? Yeah, I mean, I got, it's like, it's mixed feelings. It's like I got satisfaction knowing that our guys made it home. Like, so I didn't have any kind of moral qualms with it. It, it's, I would much rather physically be there because it feels kind of like there is a part of you, like there's, there's, you know, killing at a distance has been, it's been a, a feature of warfare since the beginning of time since someone figured out you could throw a rock at somebody, right?


Then spears, then, you know, archers, you know, automatic weapons all the way to, you know, aircraft and then drones. So it's just, it's just an advancement in warfare. But yeah, you feel kind of like a coward, like taking life sitting thousands of miles away. But I, I never thought about that. I didn't, I didn't at the time. And how I kind of framed it to my, to my people, you know, and to myself was, hey, we've got a choice to make. This is not morally ambiguous because these guys are fighting each other and they're actively engaged against Americans and it's them, or it's our guys.


So that's an easy choice for me. I'm gonna make, I'm gonna do everything I can to make sure those Americans come home safe. So again, I try to frame it like, it's not about us, it's about the guys on the ground. And, you know, in doing so, we became very effective. Like, I look back on that four years and it was probably the most important four years of my entire career because the, the number of threats that we neutralized was just, it's uncountable. I mean, things that people never even knew about. Like, You've killed that many people. I'm saying just the whole squadron, you know?


But I wouldn't have even begin to count. Wow. But you're just, I mean, four years straight, six days a week, 10, 12. Are you killing like every day? No, you might, you might go months or month without nothing with, you know, there's, there's fighting season, there's, it might be quiet for a long period of time, but it ebbs and flows, you know, with like, who's the commander? Like remember the surge in like 2000? Was it when Petraeus took over from McChrystal? They brought in all the Marines into South Afghanistan.


Yeah. Like it was just nonstop then, you know, but then it quieted down again after that. So Were you flying then? Yeah. Every day. You may have, I'm sure there's tons of overlap. Yeah, we got overrun in a safe house in Lash Cargo and there was like, I can't remember like a hundred Taliban fighters on the other side of the river does delivering any bills at all. Yeah, Right on. It Was, it was gnarly.


Like if you, I mean, if you, Man, that's fucking crazy, man. It's a small world. Does that, I mean, can you talk about some more of these missions? Let's talk about maybe anything that sticks out. Yeah, I mean, you see some dark shit, you know, like one, actually we will talk about mission supporting Marines in southern Afghanistan during the surge. you know, I'm flying the, the MQ nine. We get rolled two troops in contact. And this is, you know, it's, it's kind of rural down there, but there's a lot of development, you know, and I find the, the enemy shooting the Marines, and again, they've got an automatic weapon and they're just at the side.


There's eight guys and they're just at a, the side of this, it's like this compound, you know, all those little, everyone has a house and then this big mud fence around it. So they're on the outside of this big mud fence and they're just kind of like, they'd have like one guy leaning around the corner just wailing at the Marines. So I, I, I see that. And, And they're taking pretty effective fire. Like they're, we need to serve as his target now. So get a nine line, decide to put a hellfire missile on it and swing around.


So it's like parallel to this wall. Put the hell fire right down at the very, like first point on that wall where the first person was. And then all of the frag of that missile kind of bounces off the wall, does this like vortex and just fires down the wall, dust settles and is, this is daytime mission. We switch over to like the daytime camera and it's just like the guns go quiet. So it was just them shooting at the Marines and it's just like a freaking pile of body parts. Okay. And that's, you know, if you've seen war that's like, it's not something completely uncommon, but afterwards it's kind of quiet, you know?


And then I see this figure come out of the adjacent building and it looks like an old lady. She has like a walking stick and she's, you can kind of see her hunched over and she leaves the house, leaves a compound, and she's just moving all the parts around. And I'm thinking she's probably looking to see if there's any, anyone alive. That's what I, that was my best guess seeing what was going on. And, you know, nothing, nothing happened to her. She, the reins eventually sent a team out to go do a battle damage assessment and she went back in.


But it just, you know, you just see the actual real impact of war on these people's lives. Yeah. You know, it's like, I dunno, we can get into it, but you're going, you're looking at the, just the morality of us being there in the first place. Now this many years after nine 11, you know, like most of these fighters, would they even know anything about nine 11 or are they just fighting the people that are in their country? you know, I'm starting to ask myself some of these questions and this, these, you know, this woman, these civilians, they're just caught, caught in the crossfire, you know?


So just something to think about, you know, before we get engaged in these conflicts overseas. Yeah. It's like, what, what does this actually look like on the ground? 'cause it's, it's not a video game. It's not a movie. And in the real world it's much uglier, much more gray area. You were thinking that at the time, or is this later? I remember being kind of, some of the things I saw just kind of screwing with my mind a little bit, but it took a lot of time to reflect on it. Man, that's interesting because I've always, I've heard that and please don't judge me, you know, but, 'cause I'm a ground guy and I don't fucking know.


But I've heard about drone pilots talking about PTSD and, and the impacts of war and stuff. And I, I never, I mean, I'm, I'm not gonna, I never said anything negative about it, but I did always wonder like, how can that even be like, it's so far Away. Yeah. You're half a world away and, and, and does it even that's why I'm asking, you know, does it even feel real? There's no personal connection. It feels very real because your mind is there.


In my experience, again, I would, I would never discount anybody's claims Yeah. Of PTSD. But it, in my experience, it wasn't the guys that were doing most of the engagements that were having those issues. Gotcha. I'm not, I'm not discounting, I don't wanna say that it was, it was more curiosity. I, there Was, there was a lot of things that happened and you're going, it was like pretty quick ticket out of there anyway. Like I'll just leave it. What do you Mean? Yeah. So if you, if you didn't wanna do that job, whether you are an Intel troop Oh.


Or you just weren't liking the schedule. The lifestyle was pretty miserable. 'cause we were severely undermanned. I see what you're getting at. And it was just kind of like, again, I I, I would never point the finger at any individual, but it was well known within the community that people would have a escape route, if you will. Gotcha. It's a ticket out. It's A ticket out. Yeah. Is it a ticket out back to the old unit or is it just a ticket out? Just ticket out. Just, yeah. You could be like, people would be, would just, you know, I'm looking at my five year service commitment left and they're like, well, I'm done.


you know? Yeah. Yeah. Man, this is, I gotta be honest with it. This is just as interesting to me as the, as the a 10 stuff I thought it might be. 'cause it's, you see a lot of it on the news, you hear a lot about it. But most everything I heard about on the news, I just, I feel like it's, it's a lot of things that are false. Like What? You don't believe the news. Like, I mean, I can't speak to every unmanned engagement that ever existed, but there's this kind of like this theme of like, oh, they just use unmanned assets to target like civilian weddings Mm.


And shit like that. you know what I mean? Like, and it's like, I never saw anything like that. I mean, it was an Air Force unit supporting the guys on the ground. That's what we did. you know, like we, we engaged combatants that were engaging our guys. Yeah. So like, I can't speak to whatever else ever happened, you know, in the history of these unmanned assets. But it was, it was very clear in our unit who we were supporting. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I wonder, I mean like the, the USAID worker that got killed during the withdrawal that the Biden administration told us was within this ISIS fighters, do you remember this?


Yes. And there was a, that was a drone strike, correct? Yeah. And it hit that family, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's like another Lie from the media. Yeah. That's, that's all they do is lie, right? Yeah. And the White House Yeah. Whatever, whatever fits the narrative Yeah. At the time is usually what they say. Do you think we should have, well do you think we should have been there in Afghanistan or Iraq? I think we had, I, I think Iraq. No, I think there's, there's so many. You look at Iraq now and it's like, are are we better off without Saddam like, like strategically geo geopolitically.


So you look at Saddam was basically a counterbalance to Iran and we let them kind of go at it, right? And it was, it would've kept Iran from gaining too much power. And now basically Iran controls I Iraq. So how can that be seen as a success? Like, not to mention all the lives lost and it was sold on completely untrue basis of, you know, WMDs. So I think that one's a clear no. And then Afghanistan, I mean they did Harbor Al-Qaeda and so I think that was justified.


But I mean, pretty much the war was won by like 2003. Yeah. And then big Army comes in, it gets turned into this giant forever war that I think was used to help people get promotions and to make a lot of money. And everyone just said, they played their part. They said what they were supposed to say to the American people when it was clearly untrue to anyone who was there. And 20 years later, you know, they pull out in shame.


Just this complete debacle still, you know, makes me sick to think about. And then we immediately shift gears to, oh yeah, actually the Taliban wasn't so bad. It's these Isis k guys are the real threat. Yeah. And you are like, okay, but we've been fighting these guys for 20 years. Yeah. And Now we're sending 'em $80 million a week. Yeah. It's And I don know if we'll still be sending that by the time this interview airs. But 'cause it's, you know, in the house Now that now it's onto the Senate to shut that shit down. But It's unbelievable to try to, Do you trust our government at all? No.


Any aspect of it? No, I think all they do, I think something happens organically or inorganically and they just look at it, how, how can we spin this to further our own interests? So, so nine 11 happens and then we go into Afghanistan, we go into Iraq. I mean, you look at like all the money that was made and it's just the, I don't know, there, there's, it is just hard to articulate the level of like rage that I have for these people that just lied to us for so long.


I mean, we all have friends whose kids, you know, grew up without a dad, you know, and this was like 10 years into the war, 15 years in the war, Abby Gate, 20 years later. It's like, why? Like we all knew, anyone who knew anything about that war knew that the strategy that they were employing was going nowhere. I mean, that was obvious to the youngest private. And then the four star general goes and briefs Congress and says, everything's great. The a NA and the a NP, you know, Afghan, national Army, national police, police, they're getting up to speed.


They're gonna be ready to go. you know, they basically have the same talking points for 20 years. Yeah. You get that, you know, there's a lot of careerism because, you know, they're dressing up like Pat and all these generals, but really they're acting more like empty suits, you know, saying whatever it is that kind of, the powers that be want them to say. And then they get that, that combat command tour go on, get promoted, and then end up, eventually end up at Raytheon or on the board of some defense contractor. So you just look at it and you realize that there were a lot of interest in that entire war that had nothing to do with what they were telling the public.


It's crazy how many sellouts this country produces. It's a, it is just, everybody up there is a fucking sellout. It's like that four star pension isn't, isn't good enough. You need more Agreed man. Yeah. American greed. It's, it's sad to see, hopefully there's, I mean, even looking back, I mean there's so many things that you can kind of piece together. Like you were talking about southern Afghanistan, we were talking about southern Afghanistan and the big and the big push down in Lash and Marsh. And I mean, I Marja was supposed to be the what, the second biggest offensive force since Fallujah.


And I remember when Obama came out with those ROEs, it was for the, for the marine infantry at least was 'cause I was at the agency down there when that was all happening. And I remember those, when those es came out, they were saying that if you get shot at and they drop the we and they drop their weapon, you're not allowed to engage. Yeah. And at that point it's like, what the fuck are we doing here? Like, why are you chopping our guys' legs out from under 'em?


Like, you're not even giving 'em an opportunity. Why wouldn't send 'em outside the wire? That's what I'm saying. you know, second of all, like it's, it makes it impossible for 'em to complete the, the mission or, or, or you, you, you strip 'em of all confidence because now they're all worried that their superior's gonna send them to jail if they dime him out. That a guy dropped a, I mean, what, what if he drops his weapon while you're shooting him? I mean, what? Yeah. I remember, I think it was McChrystal who's who gave this speech. He's like, it's the bullet. You don't fire that will win the war. And it was supposed to be some like, you know, guru Yeah.


Like strategy, some, some like, you know, some strategy to a level that does normal people could never understand. I'm like, if that's the case again, why send anyone outside the wire? Yeah. Oh, but we're gonna go do community engagement. It's like, okay, we're all dressed up like storm troopers in a tribal Yeah. Society, and we're gonna turn them into like a Jeffersonian democracy. Like this is the dumbest shit I've ever heard. And you know, I think they kept trying to build it up like, oh, they have a plan. There's just stay the course.


They have a plan and eventually, I mean, maybe I'm a slow learner, but after like a decade and a half, you're like, there is no plan. Yeah. This is the plan. It's just to keep the contracts going and then keep getting promoted. It is sad, man. It's, our standing in the world is just, I feel like it's completely shot. I think people, I think other countries just protect, just lie. They, they don't want to challenge because of the repercussions because we are so powerful and, and, and the rest of the world hates us.


I mean, I don't, I don't even, I hate fucking saying this shit, but Yeah, it's depressing feel Because it's, I just feel we're bad guys. Yeah. Like what, what good was done from that? Like, I mean, we're the people were fighting over there again, like, I think the vast majority of 'em had no concept of nine 11. And like a lot of 'em were like teenagers pulled from Ros's and Pakistan that were given, you know, five bucks and some opium and said, Hey, go put on this suicide vest and walk into, you know, go find someone in uniform and blow it up.


It's just, it's like, I don't know, a lot of these people that just seem to want us to go to war everywhere have no actual firsthand experience of what it, what it looks like. Man, that shit makes me so fucking angry. It does. Yeah. And then, and couldn't believe how fast they shifted from the global war on Terror to Ukraine. Yeah. And I know, you know, Putin invaded Ukraine, but I also remember when Putin invaded Crimea in 2014 and it was hardly a news cycle.


And I called me suspicious, but I, I remember thinking like they're just gonna sh like shut down all these contracts. I remember remember thinking that like, there's so much money being made in Afghanistan. I mean, I got invited, this is kind of weird. I got invited to the Raytheon plant Oh really? To celebrate the thousandths Laser Maverick coming off the production line. And 'cause I had fi in my 2014 deployment, I had fired some laser mavericks in combat. So they're like, we want a combat vet who's fired this missile in theater to be at the ceremony.


So we go there and get a tour of the facility. And anyhow, I just remember thinking it like after the Afghanistan thing going, there's a lot of, I, I was actually surprised they did it. And I was like, there's a lot of money going all over the place for these, these contracts. Like, so are they just gonna get shut down now? Like, is that gonna be, are we shifting gears into some new economy? you know, something else gonna happen? And then it was like clockwork. Then the Ukraine thing hit. And then of course this time, unlike 2014 now it's the biggest thing on the news and it's something that we need to spend hundreds of billions of dollars for.


And then you're like, oh yeah, those all, you know, not to be a cynic, but all those contracts are just Yeah. Keep On rolling. Ukraine could have been, Ukraine could have been a simple real estate purchase. Those people didn't want to be a part of that anyways. Yeah. Russia wanted it. That could have been a very simple real estate transaction. Seems like that's not what they wanted. Yeah. They wanted it to drag out. Yeah. I wonder how long it will drag out. I wonder who's going to dismantle what we know today is the US because getting, that's one of the new things that I wanna do with this show is start going around and getting the perspective of us from the rest of the world and not what the fucking media tells us.


I think that would be very interesting. Yeah. And what's crazy is I rarely meet people in real life who think we should be involved all over the world. And, I don't know. Maybe that's my bubble. But for some reason, no matter who we vote for, we get like Liz Cheney's foreign policy. Yeah. There's like no way out of it. Like it's not the Amer, I don't think it's the American people driving this. They consistently try to vote their way out of these forever wars. I mean Obama 2008 campaign ran on, you know, getting outta these stupid wars Trump ran on getting outta the wars.


you know, it's like everybody runs on disengagement because that's what the, that's what I think what most people want. But it just never happens. Well that's depressing, but let's get, let's Get, sorry, Let's get back to your career. So you do four years at the, what was the program called? I was at the 42nd attack Squadron. Okay. Just flying MQ nines in Vegas. Were you just flying Afghanistan or were you flying Yemen or Just Afghanistan? I did another deployment to Afghanistan during that time.


And yeah, I mean I learned a lot about insurgency during that tour. And as I got back to the A 10, I think it helped me quite a bit in, in kind of unexpected ways. But if you're, if you're staring at the battle space and on the radio for four years straight, you're gonna see and learn a lot about how the enemy operates their behavior. I got to the point where I could see the way somebody was walking and the way like their tunic laid over their arm and be like, that guy's got an ak And it's like, if you're looking at it right now, it would look like a little pixel poking up maybe, you know?


And you're like, I can just tell he's not walking like a civilian. You watch, watch, sure enough, as soon as he gets a chance, pulls it out, starts to take a shot at friend's. So you, you got, you got really good at studying the enemy and, and just looking at their normal like patterns of life and things that just did not make sense. So you just, yeah. See that stuff reported up to the guy, you know? Wow. The guys on the ground. And I know for a fact that we saved just untold American lives, you know, during that tour. So, no, you know, no regrets.


I guess that's what got out in store for me. You barely likely saved my ass, but man, that's, that's interesting. I it's really, that stuff is just really interesting 'cause I've never talked to a drone pilot, at least not knowingly. Yeah. So, and I've always had these questions about, you know, what's, what's, I mean, what's it like to, to kill from thousands and thousands, I mean half a world away, you know? And, and you described it perfectly, so Thank you. But on that note, let's take a break and then when we get back we'll pick up back at the A 10.


Absolutely.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite. That's Patreon dot com slash Vigilance. Elite


Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. Alright, Dale, we're back from the break. What were we talking? Do you remember? It's all blended in. Yeah. More corruption, but it'll come to me. So, but anyways, back to your story.


So we wrapped up the A nine M nine tour, M nine MQ nine, MQ nine, excuse me. Fascinating stuff by the way. Thank you for sharing that. And so you're going back to rotation with the A 10. Yeah, So that whole time I was flying the MQ nine, they were saying, you are never going back. And I just kind of didn't accept that. And again, I think God was looking out for me again because as I approached the end of that tour, they were gonna send me to the MQ nine schoolhouse to be an instructor.


And I've never been one to hold my true thoughts, you know, and I just told my commander, like, I absolutely do not want to do that. I want to get back to the A 10, you know, that whole time I'm in, in Vegas, probably the first time in my life I'm giving my body a rest because, you know, high school wrestling at a high level is really tough on your body cutting weight, training really hard. Then two years of collegiate wrestling and then into flying. And it was just, you know, it was just nice to get a, a break physically.


And I did physical therapy, I had some sort of all different kind of shots and stuff like spinal, spinal shots. And I started feeling much better. Like I was getting the feeling back of my hands and stuff. And anyhow, so he is like, well, like you gotta get a waiver to get back to the hog, a medical waiver and this and that. But he wasn't completely like closed down to it. And I think it made a big impact that I gave my all during that assignment. If I had just, you know, phoned it in, there would've been zero chance. But I mean, as far I did everything I could do during that four years to contribute to the mission and, and he knew it and he wanted to get me what I wanted after that.


So anyhow, went through the medical process and they granted me a waiver to return to fly and my former director of ops from Alaska is now the wing commander at an A 10 base. And so I'm just like throwing Hail Marys. I'm like, Hey sir, trying to get back to the A 10 if there's any chance, like if there's any spot for me anywhere, like I will, I will be the, you know, squadron cleaning guy. Like I will do any extra duty. I I'll deploy immediately. Like, whatever you need, I, I will, you'll never hear a complaint from me.


I just want to get back to the hog. And they like made an exception and let me go back to the A 10. And so I didn't have to go be an instructor in the MQ nine. I made it back to the hog. So from there I went to back to Tucson and went to the Bulldogs at the three 54th fighter squadron and just kind of try to pick up where I left off. What was it like being back? It was awesome, you know, like I was, was It like riding a bike? I, I got back into it quicker than, than I would've thought. I went through a retraining course and it was just awesome because now I'm going through something similar to like the initial qualification, but I had like several years experience flying the A 10.


So it was, it was not difficult. Had Anything changed, new technology? Yeah, so I had flown the A 10 A model when I had left and it was all like steam gauges in the jet, like, just looked like a Cessna. You would fly like an old Cessna, you know, like you had this weapons control panel where you literally like analogs scroll in, like what weapon you wanted, how many, you know, you press the button, the, the, the timing for the release sequence, like it was all, all analog. And while I was gone, they had upgraded to the A 10 C model and everything was digital. So now you have like these multifunction displays, GPS with like moving map displays and some new weapons had come online that I hadn't been trained on, but, you know, flying the jet doing the mission and then all the avionics were very intuitive.


So I picked it up pretty quick and yeah, from there I did a couple years in the squadron is, you know, up, started upgrading again, started getting my flight lead four shift flight lead qualification, eventually upgraded to instructor and evaluator. So just kind of like caught up on the time I had missed when I was gone Then first daughter's born around this time too, so now I'm back in the jet and the family's growing. So it was, it was similar to my first assignment and that it just, nothing but fond memories, you know, it was, it was almost like I had another shot at a first assignment and it, yeah, it was fantastic.


What, how, so you had your daughter, how did you meet your wife? Okay, yeah, so I've known Amanda since the fourth grade, so we since Fourth grade. Yeah, we grew up together, you know, I was moving around a bunch, so we kind of lost, lost contact. But then when I was in Alaska, she's, she's amazing. She's has a master's degree in chemistry from Vanderbilt and she had gotten a job teaching in the Bay area and we were, we were closing down the squadron, like that squadron I was at in Alaska was, was shutting the doors.


and so we were taking all, all of our jets and transferring 'em to this base in Utah that refurbishes 'em and then was gonna send 'em out to other units. Anyhow, so I'm flying jets back to the, the continental US fairly frequently by myself, like single singletons. And then I'm rooting all my flights with the longest delays possible in the Bay area where she was so, so I could have an excuse to, to go see her and, and meet up with her and stuff. So I'd be like, yeah, I've got a 22 hour layover in the bear. And she's like, well that sounds like the worst fight ever.


Nice. That's like a red eye. And then, yeah, anyhow, so I kept doing that and we, we, we just, we just hit it off again, you know, kind of reconnected since high school. Then she came out to Korea 'cause she was teaching chemistry at the time, so she came out there for the summer and then got married in Vegas. So, nice quick background on my lovely bride. And you guys have been married for how long? 15 years now. Congratulations. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's awesome. I I did not love being single, like being married's amazing. So with, and she's been through all the deployments or a lot of deployments. Yeah, She's, she's, yeah, we were, we started talking when I just got back from my first deployment in Alaska.


Okay. So switching gears and then we'll get back to Tim. What do you think is the secret to a successful marriage? That's a good question. I think, you know, like it's being married is really easy before you have kids, right? So I just found that out. So yeah, when like, we just had so much fun together, you know, like it, to me being married to her was, is just, I love it. Like she's, I'm so happy with her, like, we're just a good team. you know what I mean?


Like, I'm like, wow, I'm really excited that she likes me enough to marry me. Like one of those situations, you know? Yeah. Like she's a, she's beautiful, smart, loyal. We grew up in the same place, you know, so have shared background and so being married to her, I would say is easy. And then the kids come along, you know, and neither of my girls slept at all for like two years straight. Like just hard sleepers, like, and we were so paranoid we're like following all the rules, like, oh no, no, co-sleeping. And she, they have to be on their back, they can't be on their side or, you know, whatever it is.


We're like freaked out following all the rules. Now if we could go back, we probably wouldn't follow none of those rules because it was just too hard. Like, it just, it was hard. So intro, introducing kids definitely adds challenges because now all your focus is on, for me it was like my career and then my kids and then my wife is really what was happening. And you know, I think if your wife is unhappy, she might not necessarily tell you, but you can feel it, you know? And it's like when you're working 70 hours a week and you're, and then you have kids, then you're not sleeping.


And then any spare time is, you know, if you're like doing anything else and you know, you're kind of not putting your family, you're not prioritizing correctly in which we can get to later about what I'm doing now. But yeah, I think we definitely had struggles when I'm starting to deploy again, you know, we have kids and even when you're home stationed in a fighter squadron, you might go TDYA temporary duty, like a training exercise. You might be leaving 10 times a year and those training workups might be two weeks, three weeks long. So it's just, it's a demanding career field, obviously.


But to, so to wrap this up, what makes a happy marriage? Like I think you have to reprioritize should be wife first and then kids and then, and then every, you know, your kids are gonna be as happy as possible if you and your wife are getting along. Yeah. So if you're getting along with your wife, everything's gonna f fall into place after that. So it's just being deliberate and I still work at that, but it's like, okay, we're gonna go on a date, we're gonna spend time with just you and I, no distractions. And try to do that regularly. Just make, make that time a priority and then she'll feel that you care about her and you're, then she'll be happy and your life will be good.


That's great advice, man. Thank you, Thank you and congratulations on 15 years. That's, is there a high divorce rate in the, as a pilot? I mean, I don't know the stats, but from anecdotally yes. Yeah, I, I would say I would, I could see that it's Brutal and that, that's why I love her so much too. Like she was just rock solid through my entire career and supported me a hundred percent. So it's like she deserves that Yeah. Attention, you know? Yeah. Well back to the A 10. Yeah. So do you deploy again as an a 10 pilot? Yeah, so now been back for a good period of time, couple years, and I really wanted to get back in the fight.


you know, I deployed as a young wing man again, just kind of been to some troops in contact and some, some, some interesting situations, but really not fully engaged, you know, then deployed in the MQ nine. So it's like, I really want to get in the mix in the hog again. And so I was able to jump in on a, a deployment with the three oh third fighter squadron. It's a reserve unit out of Whiteman Air Force Base in Missouri. And they were going to Afghanistan and they had like two empty billets that they wanted active duty to fill.


and so I saw that and I volunteered. And so got to jump back in on another point, deployment in 2014. And yeah, that trip was, was incredible. 'cause that unit was highly experienced. So being a reserve unit, they, they're full of like just some of the most experienced pilots in the Air force. Like some of 'em had been there for decades. Like, I flew with a guy, Carl Marks has like more eight, 10 hours than anyone ever will. No one will ever catch him. It's like 7,000 hours. Wow. And he, he like, he's a machine.


He destroyed I wanna say 27 armor pieces in the first Gulf War as a lieutenant. Damn. And then flew like the entire G watt, you know, and he's still flying right now. He'll be probably the last one to climb off the ladder when they're done. Damn. But yeah, so I'm flying with these just incredible, incredible people in Afghanistan that, that 2014 deployment and yeah, it was just a, it was just a great trip. Just did the mission, flew for like seven months, did nothing but fly and Flight lead. Yeah. Yep. I was a flight lead now. And yeah, I'm just engaged engagements.


More engagements. Yeah. Now I finally get to do the job in the hog. Let's talk about that. Let's talk about, let's talk about your first kill in, in the A 10. We talked about it in the drone. Let's talk about it here. Yeah. Okay. So we're, we're supporting this, this troops in contact over by, I wanna say fob, right? Again, up in north, forgive me, northeastern Afghanistan, kind of north of Nixon's nose on, on the border. And so we report to this tick check in, give him our load out or time on station and start getting the dope on, on what's going on in the ground situation.


And as soon as, as soon as we show up, there's like these, these little birds, you know, the, or sorry, not little birds, the chias, you know, those, those, they shoot like, they're tiny little helicopters and they, the pilots are such bad asses, like, and so they're like, they're out of munitions and they're like shooting it out. Are you serious? Yeah. They're shooting, they're in like M four out the door. They're like straight up cowboys. They're in a firefight. Like I'm, I'm overhead watching these guys. Like, holy shit, shoot it out. And he's like, like shooting his, right, his his, you know, mag dumping out the door at this enemy fighting position and we get him on the horn and I'm like, oh dude, I'm gonna put a 500 pound bomb right, right on it.


Right? But I gotta get them to move away. So, and they're like, they're not having it 'cause they're like, they're just shooting it out with these guys, man, that's, that's what they're, That's what they want to do. That's What they wanted to do. I mean, I, I have so much respect for those guys. Like, they just, they just get in the mix. But anyway, finally it was real basic. I, I fixed the enemy position, got them outside of the bomb frag range, so like a safe distance. And they just came in, meet altitude and put a 500 pound bomb and silence the, silence the guns.


I'll bet that would do it. Yeah. Yeah. And then there were, there were quite a few, few more employments on that, that trip. It was pretty active at that time. How Did, I mean, how did that feel compared to the drone? Yeah, and it's just like the, like I said, the tasks were very similar. Like, hey, you gotta get in balm range, you gotta be finest specific heading and airspeed. You gotta get in the window, you know, pickle the bomb off and lays it into the target. So the tasks were very similar, but the, in this case it was a GPS guided bomb, so it just went to the coordinates.


But, but it just, when you're physically there in the firefight, it it makes a difference. Yeah. Yeah. It just, it, you know, you feel like King Kong again. You're like, I can't believe you. You just have all this firepower at your fingertips and then, you know, these guys are harming my guys, they're hurting them. And now I'm, I'm just gonna make them go away. you know? And that's, and you're just like, what do I wanna select and what, what makes sense for this tactical situation? And, and then you just do it and guns go quiet and everyone's happy. What about, have you ever, have you ever flown a mission where you had, where you went?


Winchester, Winchester for the audience means out of ammunition. I never did in theater. I got, I may have gotten pretty close. I never, I've never been in a situation where I needed bullets. I've gotten close to being Winchester, but I don't think I fully emptied the gun. Well, let's talk about that specific moment in time. Yeah. So like the, all these situations are very similar, like, because that's basically what we do. And in this case, I think it was like we're seeing, we're kind of out in the middle of nowhere and we're seeing muzzle flashes from a tree line, but you can't really pinpoint the, the point of origin.


You're just like, I know that that's anime position and they're, they're ambushing these friendlies who are pinned down and you might wanna, like, there might, there's a whole variety of factors on weapon selection. Like you might not wanna put a bomb there because of collateral damage concerns. you know, there again, there's just so many factors of what you decide. But in this case, we're like, let's just stray the tree line, tell these guys can break contact and keep moving. And so wingman and I just kind of set up like, we call it like a race car pattern two ship and just did multiple passes on this tree line until pretty quickly they broke contact and blasted outta there.


So yeah, this is like more like suppressive fire at this point. Gotcha. Which weapon system do you like utilizing the most? On the A 10? It's gotta be the gun. The gun, Yeah. And then second would be maverick missiles, but the gun is awesome. Can you talk about that? Another experience? Yeah, so it was funny, I was flying with, with Carl this legend and, and like, you know, at this point I'm like, I think I'm a, a major, he's a lieutenant colonel, but he's just, he's such a legend that I'm like, I'm like, okay, I don't wanna embarrass myself, you know, so I'm, you know, I'm acting like a lieutenant and, and he's like a general officer or something, you know, like, sir, how do you like your coffee?


Like, like, hey, we get to, we get to fly together. I just don't, I wanna, I wanna, I don't wanna lose his respect, you know? Yeah. So he's, he's like just professional all the way down, very little expression, here's our mission, here's what we're doing. I'm flying on his wing and we're going to support an infill, you know, and, and it's at night now and we're out there and he needs gas. So he goes to the tanker and then this, of course this thing just pops off with him gone. And he is like, damn, you pork job, wait for me.


I don't know if he actually said that, but you could tell he was like, he's like, where are you at? What's going on? Like he, he's just like, he's, he's getting to the tanker and wants to get back as, as fast as he can. 'cause he hadn't shot a laser maverick yet on that trip and he hadn't had the opportunity to. So anyhow, I knew that, 'cause we had talked about it and I'm like, I know exactly what we're gonna do. Like I'm gonna set up this attack. And the ground commander requested a laser maverick for this particular target, and I just set it up to where he rolled off the tanker and then I was wheeled up around the target and then he just came in, got a good spot on the laser energy, got it within proper range rifled off the maverick.


And then I provided the terminal guide terminal guidance and we crushed the target and then came back around and striped the follow up targets together. So, damn it was like, like it was awesome. That's badass man. Oh, and then on the way back, Carl, like now it was so cool 'cause now we're like best buddies. He's like, pork drop. That was awesome. Like he, he dropped the, the stoic warrior for just like, just a few minutes. That's awesome, man. Yeah. So was that your final deployment? Yeah, that was my final deployment. I, my daughter was born like just prior to that, so I wanna say she was like, I don't know, four months old when I left.


And by the time I got back she was like a year old. And so, and I had volunteered for that deployment and promised my wife, like, if I get sent, you know, I'm happy to go, but I won't volunteer. Like I won't, you know, force the issue, won't chase it. Yeah. I'm like, I've done everything I ever set out to do in this jet Times, times 10, you know, so, so I'm, I'm happy with what I've done and yeah, so I get back from that deployment and I pick up my first instructor assignment in same location, which was cool.


So we didn't have to move. So I moved from the operational squadron over to the training squadron. And so now serving as an instructor for those new pilots coming straight outta pilot training. So kind of full circle from, from where I started. Now How'd that, I mean, were you a tough instructor? I think I was kind of a Santa Claus, really. Like, I just, I don't know, I I, I held the standard, 'cause you know what the Air Force needs is competent, you know, proficient, a 10 pilots, but they were, I feel like they were pretty damn good and they worked their ass off and they'd been through so much that, I mean, maybe, I don't know.


I, I didn't feel like I had to be a hard ass. I just had to uphold the standard. So you, So when you went to instructor duty, it was, you were, it was, they've been through all the phases now it's the A 10 pilots. Yeah. So like I got to fly with students on their very first flight in the A 10. That Has to be pretty cool to see. It was awesome. I like some people scoff at instructor duty, but it was one of my favorite times in the Air Force. Like, they're just, they're so excited about every mission. I mean, some people, you know, it's like early in the phase they're not doing anything particularly exciting. They're just, you know, flying around the flagpole, getting 'em familiar with the jet.


But to them it's exciting. Yeah, because it's brand new. So I thought, I thought it was awesome. I, it, it was very rewarding. When did you separate from the military? So I basically did that for a while. I stayed on it as an instructor and then I became the director of ops for the instructor for the training squadron. So right in the syllabus and things like that. And then I got picked up for Squadron Command out at Avon Park in Florida. And that's a training facility, so it's not where they send their future four stars, you know.


But like for a guy like me that was prior enlisted and made it back to the hog, it was, it was a great honor, you know, so just run this, this basically this training compound for exercises. Did that for a couple years and then came back to Tucson and I was able to stay flying during that assignment. Came back to Tucson, taught for a while, and then at the end of that, again, it was just more kind of like neck and back issues, kind of coming back, doing a lot of staff work and at that point just decided that I was basically done and ready to hit the door.


Yeah. You had mentioned at breakfast that you know when you're done Without a doubt. Yeah. And so what, was there anything in particular that, that, I mean, you're fresh out, you got out on 2023. Yeah, I mean, so yeah, there's, there was a few factors. Like first and foremost, I was just kind of physically spent, like I was a spent force. Like I, from all the back and neck issues, I went like, I went so long I couldn't even feel half my hand. Like, and just, they're, they put me on pain meds.


They did, we were doing different things to try to try to eke out a few more months, you know what I mean? Yeah. Just kinda like, what am I, what am I doing? Like I fly one sort and for the next week I can't even rotate my neck. Like this is, I'm j like the Air Force is gonna move on just fine without me, you know? So I just, I was just feeling it. And then the Air Force was changing too now. So, you know, I had come in, I think I said I enlisted December 99, you know, so we're like over 20 years later now and you know, I was a squadron commander during COVID during all the riots, you know, during the, the Trump presidency, you know, all the, the Russia collusion hoax narrative.


And it's just, just going like, what are we doing as a country? Yeah. Like this is, this is not what I signed up for. Like to, you know, we, we, we all believe in this. Like, you know, this colorblind meritocracy like you put in the work, this institution will give you the ability to reach your potential, you know, the Amer American needs war fighters, And. if you are willing to do what it takes, no matter, you know, what you look like, where you came from, we're gonna give you that opportunity. And I actually remember, so it was like, like 2020 riots kicked off and the chief staff of the Air Force put out a video, this guy CQ Brown.


And I was like, oh great. Like he's going to be kind of a reassuring voice, you know, like I figured we're all kinda wired the same way. And he was gonna put out a great statement about how this is a great country and, and I was looking forward to hearing it, you know, and then I listened to his video and may, I don't know if it's just the way I interpreted it, but it was like, not at all what I was expecting. It was like kind of that, I don't know, woke race, communism. Oh, okay. Grievance kind of mindset about how awful, you know, his career was and how everyone was racist, And, I.


Don't know, maybe I'm over reading into it but I'm just going like, can't we hear like a unifying voice, not more grievance, you know? Yeah. And so just stuff like that's happening and I'm basically just over it. Yeah. I'm going like, you know, the, the whole DEI thing is just so toxic for the military. It's like, if you start injecting this, this quotas and requirements and this and that, it completely diverges from the institution that I love, which is, which I truly believe, and every commander I ever served with was amazing.


And they didn't care who you were. They're like, where you came from, what the color of your skin was. They didn't care any about any of that. And if you were good, like you, you were gonna be respected and you were gonna get all the opportunities. And it just felt like there were shifting to something else. you know, just kind of a combination of all that. I just, like, I remember talking to my commander when I was my group commander when I was a squadron commander about going to Air War College. And it's not that I'm some, you know, fantastic officer, but I think so many people were separating that they had a lot of slots available.


It's just like, Hey, what do you, what do you want to do for school? So if you go to Air War College, it's kind of get your ticket punched to oh six and group command. And I, and I'm talk to my wife about it, and it's just like, I don't want to do this. I don't want to move every 10 months. I'm physically over it and I don't even know what the hell our leadership is saying Yeah. On half of this stuff. So I just decided it was time for us to go and so told him I was gonna get out, and then that's why I was able to get back to Tucson and picked up another instructor tour, which is at that point is basically you're saying, Hey, I'm not on the path to promotion and I'm just waiting to get out.


Yeah. Yeah. Man, I can't imagine, you know, I talk to guys that are still in and like, guys like yourself that had, and women who have recently retired, and man, the morale, it just seems like it's at an all time low, you know? And I can't get anyone to join. I mean, it's like, how hard should it be to get young men to come shoot guns and fly airplanes and hang out with their friends? I mean, it's awesome. I, I think I want everybody to have that opportunity if they want it, but making it so divisive.


Yeah. Well, I mean, there's so many agendas, it seems like being shoved down everybody's throat that, I mean, I get asked that all the time, you know, do do, I'm sure you do too, probably on social, you know, you got young, young adults asking if I would serve in the military now, or, or should they serve? And that's a tough question for me. Yeah. You know, I don't know. I don't really agree with anything we're doing, and I don't agree with any of the agendas coming out.


I mean, why are we talking about I sexual preference? Oh, yeah. In a, in a, in a war fighting machine. Why is that relevant? It's not, you know, why does it keep getting brought up? Dude, I remember going to McDill Air Force Base in the summer of 2020 for a medical appointment, and in the hospital where all these flyers and signs up that had like the L-G-B-T-Q-I-A flag with like the BLM fist superimposed on the front of it.


And, and thinking like, how is this acceptable? This is like far left, you know, divisive political imagery. But in, in the military, I served prided itself on being non-partisan, being neutral. We serve the American people, you know, like we're not, you leave your politics at home's. You weren't even allowed to speak out about that kind of shit. If, if, if, if I remember cor, I mean, it's been a long time. I left in oh six. I came in during don't ask, don't tell, But I mean, what are you, what are you, what are your thoughts when people ask that question?


You know, I, I've thought about it a lot and I think I would be Giving bad advice if I talked to a guy just like me and shut him down and told him, you can't do this because now it's ruined. And then it's like, what are you supposed to do? A kid living in his car that has, you know, tons of ambition but no direction? Yeah. And it's like, fly these jets, do these things. It's like, do it. If me telling you not to do it would've stopped you. You probably weren't gonna make it anyway, but go do it and serve honorably, and we're gonna need people that have that experience and we're gonna need good people because hopefully this madness ends and reasonable people take charge again.


So go do it and do the best you can and serve with honor and don't do anything that violates your conscious. I mean, one thing they teach us all, I hope they're still teaching it, is that you are not to fall unlawful orders. you know? So just know that we might be going into an era where that's actually relevant, you know? So, you know, I would say do it. Go. I mean, there's, there's amazing benefits I had the time of my life. Yeah. You know, I, I, like, I had so much fun. I, I served with the most amazing people, and I want that to be an opportunity for young people to continue doing.


So. I say, if you want to do it, go do it. But just know that there may come a time where you have to actually stand up and say, no, I'm not doing that. Yeah. That's good advice. you know, I, I tell 'em, if you like the direction that the country's going, join And. If you do starve 'em out kind Of thing, if you do, when you get up there to the ranks, hold your ground, man. Like, don't fold like all these other fucking upper brass.


I mean, look at, look at it. She's, and then I also tell 'em, I say, you know, there's a lot of, nothing's ever what you think it is in my experience. And, and, and you're not joining the military that you probably think you are. And times have changed. And, and, you know, and, and man, it's just, it's really disheartening breaks my heart to see what everything is turning into. And, you know, a lot, there's the argument about, and I get it, I it bothers Me too.


you know, the, well, we have to have a military who's gonna defend the country. Well, we have a second amendment. And so if this country gets invaded, guess what? We're all in the fucking military now buddy. And there's a lot of guns in this country, and there's a lot of people that know how to use 'em. And it would be extremely hard for somebody to invade. Yeah. I don't think it's feasible. I think it's this, with today's technology, I don't either, you know, but, but I, I see where you're coming from and kind of my darker angels just want to say, tell everybody to like starve the beast.


you know, don't, don't send your kids to, you know, die for pedophile rights in Uganda or whatever the Yeah. The latest thing they're sanctioning someone for. Yeah. So I, Is that a thing? There was like, there was this recent event where Uganda passed a law that was deemed anti LGBT and in that included, I think like capital punishment for pedophiles, which is a pretty good law, in my opinion. Seems appropriate to me. But then there was like massive outrage from DC from the left and the right, and they got like sanctioned for it as a, as a violation of human rights.


So Sanctioned from what do we get from Uganda? Some sort of aid. Oh, I mean, I'm, I'm outta my wheelhouse here. Yeah. But it's like, you just see what are our values? What do we, what do we, is it hard work treating people fairly, or is it let's go spread gay rights overseas. That's the only thing I see. And I mean, like Mutilate children. Yeah. Rip 'em from their homes. Let 'em make a decision that's gonna affect the rest of their life when they can't even smoke a fucking cigarette until they're 18, or drink a beer until they're 21.


Like, that's our value system. I thought that was, That's what it is. Now, If that's the case, like it's, what's the point of any of this? Right? Like, why would anyone sacrifice to prop that up? I don't know. But So you moved to, you moved to Oregon. Yep. And now you're, you're working a branch. How's that? How's that learn? How's that learning curve? It's awesome, man. you know, the, we've talked about the kind of demands of military life, all these moves, you know, and as I'm moving around at the end of my career, I'm watching my oldest daughter go from this like the brightest light full of joy and happiness to kind of like shutting down, you know, like we move from Tucson to Florida and then she makes new friends, you know, and then I get my beautiful Sarah comes along and she makes friends, you know, and they're like, we're getting into a good routine there, but it's a two year assignment.


Then we, it's the third move for my oldest Holly back to Tucson. But now everybody's gone that she knew then. And I just see her like kind of shutting down. Like she didn't, you know, at this time she's like seven, eight years old. She doesn't wanna make new friends. She's not being outgoing. She's kinda lashing out at, at mom. And it's being, it's difficult. And I'm going like, man, like every, every child is different, right? But I see this child is not going to do well with this lifestyle, and we gotta do something different.


and so I started looking at this, going like, okay, do I want to do the airlines? Do I want to go, you know, the Air Force paid for me to get an MBA, so do I want to go to corporate America? Like what am I gonna do? It's basically a blank slate. It's like graduating high school again, right? And, and I'm looking at all the time away, all the long days from my family and thinking like, we're, you know, my wife was successful. I'm doing pretty good. Like together we're, we're, we don't need a ton of money to make it, so why don't we do something that where we can really just pour into these kids and invest in our family and, you know, completely off the beaten path.


So decided to forgo airlines, forgo corporate America, and we bought an old dairy farm that hadn't been operational and like 30 years all overgrown with briars and Als and barn was leaking and, but there was, it was still there. And just decided to step off onto this journey of transforming this property that had just kind of gone into disarray back into a functional cattle ranch. So yeah, just spend a lot of time, you know, working outside, homeschooling the kids, so building fences, you know, planting grass, trimming trees, clearing out brush, you know, doing roofing.


Just, just manual work outside. And that's basically what I've been doing since I got out. Is that, is that therapeutic for you? It's amazing. I just Like, I don't know, I think it took me at least, you know, six to nine months to even begin to understand the amount of stress I was under on active duty. And yeah, it is just reconnecting with nature, you know? Yeah. You're just outside every day. You kinda live by the natural conditions. Like, it's like, okay, what's the, what's the rain looking like?


What's the temperature? What's the sun exposure? How's my grass gonna do? Also back surfing. So what's the swell look like You're surfing again? Yeah. Nice Man. Nothing like I did when I was younger, but taking my girls out surfing, taking my, going with my dad. He, he was always a surfer. Damn. That's awesome. So Yeah, it's just, it's like, it's a chance to take each day and maximize it for what's important to me. Are you, like I said, I've been following you for a while on X and man, you posted, man, 4th of July, independence Day.


You posted a photo of your daughter, one of your daughters, what is that, a 22? That's A 22 mag. Yeah. Walking in creek barefoot. How old is she there? Seven. Seven years old. I think the caption was like the European mine can't fathom this, this, this level of freedom or something. I was like, holy shit. That is amazing. That is so fucking American. It's awesome. But are you guys like, are you a hundred percent self-sufficient out there? I mean, we are still connected to the power grid and we still go to the grocery store. We probably, I don't know, produce 80, 90% of the calories we eat, you know, just from, you know, I do Angus grass fed, grass finished beef.


So You, it's really difficult to get to fully like, comprehend what you're eating, even if you shop at like, you know, the, the highest end. Yeah. Natural Grocers or whatever it may be. You can't really know exactly what you're putting in your body, what you're putting in your kids' body, unless you raise that food from the ground up. So yeah. To just, you know, see a calf born and watch it grow and, you know, process steers and put it in the freezer and make, you know, feed it to your family. It just, it is the most rewarding feeling ever.


Are you guys growing too? Yeah, we have a huge garden, but just for personal use. Greenhouse. Yep. We got a greenhouse Man. Like you got, you guys got it made out there. Yeah, it's a little slice of paradise. It looks amazing. And it makes me jealous every time I see you post a picture of your property. But yeah, you know, with the homeschool thing, we're, I mean, we're thinking about doing homeschooling, but it's always this like issue of, you know, are the kids gonna be socialized enough? And so somebody who's going, who's doing it?


I mean, what, what are your thoughts on that? I mean, you've, you, you look pretty isolated out there. Yeah, we're, we're not too far from civilization, you know, it's like, it's within, you know, you could be in civilization in 30 minutes, so it's not crazy. But yeah, that it is something that you have to think about and I think plan for, I honestly think moving around in the military every couple of years is probably harder on kids than socially, than than homeschooling. And homeschooling now looks very different than it did, like when we were kids because so many people are doing it.


You set up these cohorts filled with homeschoolers that have like similar values. you know, we're all Christians, we all wanna raise our kids with good Christian values and they meet once a week. And that day looks a lot like a traditional classroom. So they're in there with, I think they're, it's growing so fast. Where Do you do it? Is it on, is it like, move around to people's properties? No, a really awesome family that's done really well in real estate, just bought a property and completely renovated it for the school. And it's just like a community resource now for, for homeschoolers.


No Kidding. Yeah, it's amazing. And like my wife was a, you know, she, like we said, she went to Vanderbilt, she taught chemistry and she teaches a chemistry course there to like all the kids who are like junior high, high school age. And then there's just amazingly talented people there. So I would say homeschool nowadays looks a lot more, it's like merges homeschool and traditional school. It's just on your own terms. That's interesting. you know, I had this, I mean we're, we're a little way, actually we're not far out now, but we had a several families over at our house that would all have kids around the same age.


And I had this idea where it sounds like very similar where, except we would all pitch in and 'cause everybody's concerned about what the public schools are teaching now and the private schools and who's coming. And like in this state we have this wave ungodly amount of people from California, Illinois, New York, they're all moving here and it's raising a lot of concerns. I mean, some of these neighborhoods around here are 60%, 60% of the people in some of these neighborhoods are California. This is Tennessee.


Oh My gosh. It's driving all of the locals out of here. None of them can afford to live here anymore. And we're not talking, we're even talking like, well, to do young professionals like can't Afford a house. Yeah. Like attorneys, like we have a a a friend who's a, in a newer attorney who's built a hell of a business and she's gotta move outta here because they can't, they can't afford it anymore. And but anyways, all these influx of people moving from all these states that are completely upside down, it's raising a lot of concern to people that have our type of values.


And I'm just curious what you think of this. I I, I had this I idea where we get a bunch of like-minded family friends together who have kids around the same age and we all pitch in money to buy a piece of real estate. So it turns into a, everybody has skin in the game. It's a real estate investment. You turn that investment into a school. Yeah. It's not a business, it's a real estate investment that just so happens to be where we homeschool all of our kids. Yeah. And, and everybody, like I said, everybody pitches in, we all pitch in, we get a teacher and then everybody has different expertise.


We've got a finance guy, we've got healthcare professionals, we've got businessmen, we've got entrepreneurs. We, you know, we've got all these, all these specialties that don't get especially how to, how to manage money. Oh yeah. Look at what the fuck is going on in this. Nobody can manage their own money. Everybody's drowning in debt 'cause they don't know any better. And, and then at the end, the investment liquidates and the equity gets divvied back up into the percentage that you pitched in. I think that's a great idea. Do you know Tucker Max? Have you ever, Is that the guy that, Is that the, I hope they serve beer in hell guy.


Yeah. Yeah. He is so cool. Like, do you know him? I know him. I'm gonna introduce you guys. No way. Are you shitting me? He's come full circle. He is like, you would be shocked with this guy. Like he has a bunch of kids. He raises sheep and he did exactly what you're talking about. They like bought or built a school with a bunch of like-minded families. I think he may be writing a book on it now, on on like what he's doing now. But yeah, he, he's, he's hilarious and just a really cool person. But they basically did that. It sounds similar to what we did and it works really well.


And I think the demand signal will be off the roof, you know, 'cause everyone's looking at the public school system even in the, so-called good school systems and you know, even in like the, some of the reddest areas in the country, the public school systems are little, you know, propaganda making machines, And, I don't know. Everything we just did and assumed was, was normal for our childhoods. I I think we're all coming to the realization like, oh, you can't trust that these people are giving your kids proper education and values. And I mean my, if you're like, socially, I think the, our kids are fine.


They, you know, they, they do swimming, they do theater, they do all kinds of stuff in the community and then academically they're like off the charts. So when you get that one-on-one time, plus my wife's amazing. But you don't have to slow down if they're need to move on. And you don't need to if there need extra work on some area, you don't just skip it. You, you make sure they understand it. So, I mean, my oldest, when she took her last, she took like this, I think it's called the Stanford 10.


It's a standardized test. And then they like, oh, categorize what is your equivalent grade average. She's was in first grade and they rated her in like 10.5 for, for her like overall academic achievement. So it's like, I don't know what that means. 10 point five's what I'm saying, she's basically in like a sophomore in high school. Are you fucking serious? And I what? Yeah, I mean she's, she's very intelligent. Like holy shit dude, when she was seven she read every Raul Doll book.


Like she's just, she's a reader. And my youngest is amazing too. Like they're just, they're killing it. They're, they're gonna be so far ahead academically. I mean, I do their math just to give my wife a break. 'cause she was doing all of it for the whole time. And then this year I took over the math. So, and I enjoy it. And not only is it, is it kind of fun to teach them math, but you, you're bonding 'cause you're giving them like an hour of direct one-on-one attention. Yeah. And it's just you and them and you're working through these problems and you know, they're not always into it and you gotta motivate 'em and get 'em moving. But it's, it's just an incredible experience.


How Do you teach 'em both at the same time? So How we do it is, and we've done it different ways. Used to be my wife just did it all. And then what we've evolved to is my wife does like, she does all the like core curriculum and while she's doing teaching one of the girls, I'll teach the other one math and then we'll switch. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. And you can knock it out in a short amount of time. Like if you do like two hours of focused work every day, that is probably more than they're getting in eight hours at a public school with all the waiting and the disruptive children and all the other issues.


It's these little mini prisons, you know, creating factory workers or whatever it's tailored for Yeah. When it was derived. But yeah, you just do that focused work for a couple hours. You do all kinds of other activities that are educational, like taking care of animals, taking care of a garden. you know, I've taken my girls flying like, so if they want to, I, you know, I'm an instructor, I can teach, they can be certified pilots before they get their driver's licenses. I like how you disqualified yourself. I mean, I am an instructor. I can teach them. I know I can do it.


Oh my gosh. So like former, I can teach 'em how to apply Cessna, but yeah. So you're like, you can, you have the core curriculum, which is a classical education, which is like what you think of what you thought every student was learning. Yeah. Like the classics and basic math, like sentence structure, all this stuff is like what you're actually working on. And then outside of that is just like, what are their interests? Like, you know, singing lessons, piano lessons, swimming, all that stuff is just, that could be considered school, but it's just kind of extracurricular stuff. Yeah.


I mean I I I want to teach my kid how to run a business, you know, and like both of my kids, like, I, I can't wait. I don't wanna skip any steps. But I mean it's, it seems to me that you can make homeschool Oh yeah. Whatever you want it to be. And Think about all the experiences you have in your life. Like You were a Navy, SEAL, you know, all the other things you did after that started a business from the ground up. All these, all this knowledge and all these lessons learned, all the mistakes you made that you wish you could have avoided.


And I just had this epiphany, it was like, if you don't take the time to communicate that to your children, they're, they're not gonna learn it through osmosis. Yeah. They're not gonna learn it magically. Like it just, you need to take your time and spend that time with them and teach 'em. And it's like when we're out feeding animals every morning, we're, we're just talking about life, you know, like, and what they're going through and you know who they're fighting with and who's bugging 'em and who, you know, whatever it may be. And, and it's an opportunity just to bond with them, you know. So I just had this epiphany at the end of my career.


'cause we don't talk about this a lot, but a military career, you know, people always thank me for my service or Thank you for your service. And it's like, I had a great time. I did exactly what I wanted. Like I had so much fun. Thank my wife. you know, like the, the family is the one who I think sacrifices the most Yeah. For our high speed careers. And, and I just had this epiphany, I'm like, they're not gonna know about anything I did or care if they if we don't have a relationship. Yeah. And so how you build a relationship is you are deliberate about it and you spend time with them and then you can teach them the things that you've learned in your life.


But if you fail to do that, don't be surprised when you lose that bond. And I mean, we've all seen it a million times, you know, and then off they go into the world without that, that anchor. Yeah. you know? That's very true. Is there anything we should cover that I haven't touched On? No, I think we hammered it all. I do have one more question. It has to do with your wife, but, you know, being out there raising and growing your own food, raising and growing two little girls, homeschooling 'em, all that land to take care of. How do you find time to get on a date with just your wife?


Well, does that happen? Yeah. So thankfully we've got parents that live there and so they're, they're, they're so great. you know, they're, as they get into their, you know, seventies, they just wanna spend as much time as possible with those little girls. So they go over there once a week and allows us to get a date. So we, you just have to prioritize it And. if you have a farm, which you'll find out if you, if you do this, like the work never ends. Like you could, you could work on it 24 7, you could have a whole crew and the work would never get done because it's unending.


So what I decided was like, where's good enough? And then I'm gonna schedule work. you know, there's things you have to do like feed the animals and stuff like that, but that's not that big of a deal. It's just a morning routine, you know, and then you just have to decide how much time you want to invest into additional projects. And so you're like, okay, I'm gonna work out in this field X amount of hours today, and then I'm gonna be done at four. And then you just stick to it. So you just have to understand that the work will never be done. Do what you can and then move on with your life. Sounds like a business, but, but Thank you for that advice.


And I, I know I'm gonna wind up doing that at some point in time, hopefully sooner than later, but, well, Dale, man, it was, I'm so glad we met and it was an honor to interview you and get your life story and, and your experience as a pilot in combat and, and, and, and I know you're, you're, you're, you're coming out of the website and you're selling beef and so all of that will be linked below. But man, just God bless you and I just wish you and your family the best Man.


thanks for having me. It was awesome.


Hey, it's Rich Eisen here. Join me and my compadre Chris Brockman. Every Monday on the OverReaction Monday podcast, Rich Jamis has taken the Browns to the playoffs. Dude, Why can't they win seven, eight games to finish the year? Why not? I'm not saying it's no, why not? But this is a definitive statement that's clearly an overreaction and it's perfect fodder for a show like this one. I appreciate you coming outta the gate hot. Come react or overreact with us. OverReaction Monday, wherever you listen. It's game over, over man.