
At Sierra


Discover top workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra. Let's get moving.


This episode is brought to you by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check the date of the big game first before you accidentally buy tickets on your 20th wedding anniversary and have to spend the next 20 years of your marriage making up for it. Yeah, checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate Savings. Vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates. Northbrook, Illinois.


Pete Hegseth. welcome to the show, man. Hey Sean, thanks for having me. It's Good to finally see you in person I see on TV all the time. But Likewise, if I had a dollar for every person that met Head, do you know Shawn Ryan, that guy's the man, I'd be a rich man. So thanks for making this happen. Very cool. Very cool. Well, you got a new book out, The War on Warriors. I definitely want to talk about that. Let's do, let's talk about the educational system, And. then we had a mini conversation about Tim Wal, and so we'll talk about his background as well and what you know about that. 'cause I haven't had a minute to dive into everything he's claiming Yeah. Lately. So, but I figured if anybody knows, it's you.


So, starting off with a quick down and dirty introduction, Pete, Hegseth, husband, father Patriot, and a Christian man, you're an Army veteran of Iraq, Afghanistan, Guantanamo Bay, earning two Bronze Stars in a combat infantry badge. You are most known for being the coast host of Fox and Friends Weekend, and of multiple series on Fox Nation. You're the author of the New York Times Bestseller Battle for the American Mind. You recently wrote a book called The War on Warriors behind the Betrayal of Men Who Keep US Free. You served a CEO of Concerned Veterans of America. What is that?


It's a veterans advocacy organization. What do you guys concentrate on? We concentrated on trying to get the VA in the business of actually serving vets instead of serving the bureaucracy. Nice. Yeah. Are you guys making headway? Well, I'm Not, I'm not doing it anymore. The organization's still around. Yeah. We made some huge headway during the Trump administration. The, the Accountability Act and the Choice Act that he was a part of were, I don't know if we, yeah, I think it'd be pretty fair to say we were the brainchild of those behind the scenes put out. Just pushing hard, the idea that the VA doesn't exist to perpetuate its own bureaucracy by spending more money. The veteran should be at the center and, and, and, and if you're a bullshit VA employee and you're jacking around on company time, you should be able to be fired.


Yeah. Just like anywhere else in life. So are they getting fired now? Mostly not. Hold on, lemme think. No, Mostly not, because of course, the bureaucracy fought against it in every single way. All the government unions came out against it, even though it was passed, it was used in some very narrow instances. But for the most part, especially under Biden, they've brought all the civil service protections against the law. By the way, the law states you can fire. They just choose not to because all, even all the political appointees abide by the rules of the unions. And so they wanna play nice. And so even though they could expedite firings of VA officials who are, I don't know, like watching porn at work or like not serving vets in a timely manner, they usually don't.


So it's, it's the, it is the right thing to do. I think it could be reapplied under Trump very effectively, frankly, across government, but most importantly at the va. But in the hands of Democrats, they're not doing anything with it. Oh, figure. And you currently serve in the individual ready reserve? Well, I did, as of not anymore. I'm out now. Congratulations. Yes. I've got congratulations. Water form. Do you go, let's talk about the va. Do you go to, do you go To the va? I do not. I don't either. No. Why do You think, why do you think the bureaucrats are fighting so hard just to, like, what's, what's the problem? Like, why don't they wanna fix the fucking va? Well, It's the, it's a permanent feeding trough.


And, you know, you see of, of, of high paying jobs and stable jobs that you can't be fired from at with an, an upper echelon or brass numbering. And the thousands that get paid more than, you know, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs. And they're great, easy, comfy jobs, many of which are now remote even at the VA since covid, they've never come back And then the problem is, it's the feedback loop. You know, we, you and I would probably talk a lot about the military industrial conflicts, all these outside the, the companies that influence the way we procure weapons and the way we fight. Well, there's a veterans industrial complex too. And you know, the traditional names, the VFW, the Legion amvets, you name 'em, they've got big offices in Washington DC and they are invested in one thing, namely a bigger VA budget.


A bigger VA budget means more programs that they collaborate with. They say it is to serve their members. But if you talk to their members, which is what we actually did in the organization, it's like, Hey, we don't care what VFW headquarters thinks. We care what the post level thinks. What do those guys think? They're saying, Hey, why am I driving 200 miles to go to some hospital where I'll wait for months for an appointment when I could be seen inside my own community if the dollars followed me and I wanted to do that locally. Well, the VA hates that because it would, heaven forbid, their budget might reduce, or their facilities might not be used as robustly, then they don't keep getting the money. Well then the vets groups don't, don't benefit as much from that. So it's a typical swampy feedback loop.


The politicians don't really know, know how the VA works, and so they just want a good press conference, and that means just writing bigger checks. So the whole thing never, but they get to feel good about it, right? Oh, I support the vets. I, I support funding for the va. But is the VA working? Like, can you get in on time? Usually the healthcare is actually pretty good at the va once you get in, once you get to see a doctor, once you have a stable relationship with a doctor. But getting through and getting in is half the challenge. And so it's, it's a big problem, Man. I went there one time, one time, well, I, I guess more than once, but after I got, you know, my benefits, benefits, I went there one time for an appointment and I was like, I'll buy my own health insurance like this.


No, I'm not doing this. It's still ing. I don't need any more pills. Sorry, Thank, you, I've only heard one thing Good. Come out of the va. And that's, have you heard of this doctor Freeze guy? Yes. He's, he's written a book on, they're calling this, it's like a, I don't, I'm gonna butcher this. So whoever's listening, the knows about this, don't kill me here. But it's, it's like another, it seems to me like they've repurposed, not repurposed. It's a different, PTSD, I guess is basically, basically what I'm saying called Operator Syndrome. And they're tying in PTSD with traumatic brain injuries, but not like massive traumatic brain injuries.


Like stuff you'd get from shooting a Carl Gustav or slapping breacher charges on doors a lot. I'm not talking like a big VBID or something, sleep dip. And they're tying it all into like this new form of PTSD. It sounds pretty interesting and I'm, well, Dude, if that's what the VA exists to do. Yeah, well, right. Yeah. Specialize on stuff for guys that saw things that the outside world doesn't really understand and and focus on delivering the care that those guys and gals need. But we, right now, we fund a, a VA bureaucracy, a healthcare system that, you know, I mean, the outside world does a good job treating diabetes.


The outside world is a good job treating cancer does. Those aren't necessarily veteran specific illnesses. So if the VA would specialize more on the things it does really well, it's comparative advantage, and you fund those things, And, then you, you don't have to have the country's largest healthcare system, not, that's not run very well. And instead you allow the pri private market to provide for vets that can be seen in a timely manner. That's, we wrote a whole report on it called the Fixing Veterans Healthcare Task Force. That feels like forever ago it was like 2014. It was a bipartisan deal. And that's exactly what we said. That's where the name came from. I don't know exactly what he did does exactly, but these, those folks that specialize in do it best.


They're the ones that should be the focus And then on the general healthcare side, that can, that can be done other ways. Yeah. What would you personally like to see happen in the VA or to the va? I, well, first of all, I would, that's a great question. And we wrote a whole report on it. And I guess in, in a perfect world, I would have, like I just said, I would have it focused on its core mission And, then I would, the critics would say, oh, you wanna privatize the va? That's not the idea. The idea is to effectively let the dollars follow the veteran. So, and there is a, the Mission Act did that, that Trump passed, which the VA is trying to squelch.


What, what Is the problem with privatizing the va? I mean, all of the, as far as I know, and I've interviewed a lot of vets that have done a lot of kind of wazoo off the wall treatments that actually work. But all these, all these treatments that are making major headway like psychedelics. Psychedelics, yep. None of this is being developed from within the va. It's all privates. A lot of it's outta the country. We can't even do the shit that I know helps us in the country. I'm one of 'em. I did psychedelics. I did Ibogaine in Mexico, and I mean, changed my life in, in so many different ways.


I haven't had a drop of booze in two and a half years. I didn't even go down there for that. And way more in the moment with my family. Anyways, whatever. None of these non-traditional treatments or things that are working for, for traumatic brain injury, PTSD, anxiety, all these things that are, you know, that, that, that guys are dealing with coming out. None of it's, none of it's being cured by the va. None of it. Big surprise. The government is not here to help and solving Their problems. And so why, what's, why would anybody, other than I get the VA employees and the bureaucrats within it, but why would anybody be against privatizing veteran healthcare?


It's just better health. Lemme tell you this, you're That's exactly right. Nothing you said is wrong. I re I was, I, in 20 16, 27, I was under consideration by Trump to be his VA secretary. Nice. I was interviewed multiple times. In fact, I was down to the final two and, you know, go up to Trump tower up the elevator, sit with him, talk about it. And ultimately I think he thought I was a little young and all that, but I remember he called me at one point in the process and he said, Pete, I wanna pick you. I want to pick you, but there's one problem. Why do all the veterans groups hate you? And he sort of, I sort of laughed.


And he goes, no, but like, they hate you. And I'm like, well, Mr. President, lemme tell you why. Because outside the box thinking of say, providing private choice for veterans is a threat, complete threat to the ecosystem around the government bureaucracy and the VA and the veterans groups. They exist to defend their territory. And they'll say, oh, it's for the betterment of the vets. Well, what if vets are getting better treatment from non-conventional places? Why aren't we exploring that? Well, the bureaucracy can't handle that. Well, it's not the existing system. It's not where most of the money comes from. It doesn't support the bricks and mortar facilities that they want to keep. The, the importance becomes keeping the facilities as opposed to Yeah.


What is the treatment that the vets are getting? So I had plenty of, I know I had overwhelming support from veterans across the country who were thankful that, who believed that veterans choice would unshackle them from driving 400 miles for a basic treatment when they could get it 10 miles from their house and the government pays for it. Or the idea that if you're abusing a vet, a VA official should be fired. So the solutions are simple. It's choice and accountability. Vets have choice and, and people that aren't doing their job are doing it poorly, get fired. But government doesn't do either of those things. Yeah. And so if you're gonna do that, you better be ready to go to the mat in a way that's uglier than I think people can imagine. Everyone looks at the veteran space and says, can't we get along?


Can't we all agree that we love vets? Of course. Well, if it's not, if we're spending more, I mean, the VA has a, the, the budget of the VA is twice the size of the Marine Corps. It's a massive, massive budget. Is it really? Yes. It's huge. It's the second largest federal go department of the federal government. It's Absolutely what's number one, The DOD. Wow. I have No idea. D and va. And yet va you can't be seen in a timely manner and you're treated like a number and, and the warm DC just hides behind the warm glow of all that. So I hope all these traditional veterans organizations watch this. They know what, What traditional veterans organizations you are you talking about? Well, I'm talking about American Legion Fw, the VFW, I'm talking About the VFW.


I'm talking about Amvets was good at one time. But Amvets, I'm talking about disabled American veterans. I'm talking like paralyzed veterans of America. All the Pamphlets you see on the VA world, all the, It's the funny That's what you're talking about. It's the funny hats crowd. Yeah. Yes. And I, and I respect them, their service, all of that. But their, they don't serve the interest of their members. It's just like the unions, like when you go, why does Donald Trump have overwhelming support from union members? But yet the union bosses keep endorsing Joe Biden. Yeah. It's because they don't actually reflect at some point in Washington DC the interests of their members, they lose touch with the interest of their members because it becomes about perpetuation.


and so I, I've worked with, I'm a member of the Legion in my hometown of Forest Lake, Minnesota post 2, 2, 5. Like, you know, I signed up right after I got back from my first tour. And I, but I don't have any affinity for it other than that. And it's not, I know that in Washington DC they're not actually trying to fight for reform or real overhaul at the va. They're just have a, they have a seat at the table and they like that seat. Man, I didn't even realize those nonprofits were even relevant anymore. I thought that kind of died with the Vietnam generation. I mean, I joined too, and I went in there And. then I was like, I'm just drinking with a bunch of combat veterans, kids Of Vietnam Bets, who are one the free chicken wings of beer And.


then I never went back. You know? But that's, you're exactly right. They don't have any power except in Washington. In Washington, they still have a lot of power. You know why? 'cause they'll put out press releases and press releases are like gold little snowflakes in Washington. And they'll also have pacs and they also give money and they'll show up at press conferences behind you in the uniform saying, we support. And they love to be bipartisan because they don't wanna be pigeonholed as one or the other. Yeah. And so they'll, they support everything that is just more money for the status quo. Damn. That's sad. Do you think we'll ever see any, you think it'll ever improve over there? Trump Tried and I think he will.


Again, I really do. There's just, there was so much currency he had to spend in so many different places in a first term. And he got a lot done on the Mission Act, which is choice and VA accountability. And he's got great people on the outside watching what Biden has done. And I think when they come back in God willing that there's a lot of overhaul that we had there,


Folks, you know it. America has never been this close to collapse. To make matters worse, we're right around the corner from an unprecedented political powder keg. And folks, the sparks are flying. But Smart Americans know this and are fighting back by investing in emergency preparedness now while they still can. And I strongly urge you to do the same by going to prepare with sean.com right now. If my Patriot supply, you'll find the best in class survival, food critical, potentially lifesaving gear like solar generators, biomass stoves, water filters, heirloom seeds, and much, much more. Everything you'll need to deal with what's right around the corner for this country. My Patriot Supplies tenacious, largest and most trusted emergency preparedness company and has helped over 3 million American families prepare for the unthinkable. Their famous, delicious food kits, which are packed in ultra durable, heavy duty pouches, deliver over 2000 calories a day and can last up to two and a half decades in storage. Plus your essential supplies ship lightning fast, which frankly these days could make all the difference order by 3:00 PM and your supplies will ship that same day in discreet unmarked boxes. Go to prepare with sean.com right now so you can join the ranks of the elite Americans who are ready for what's coming.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. This month is all about gratitude and along with everyone we're thankful for, there's another person we usually don't thank enough ourselves. It's sometimes hard to remind ourselves that we're trying our best to make sense of everything. And in this crazy world that is never easy, but better Help can help with that therapy can remind us to slow down and just take stock of how far we've come on our journey and remind us to really take a look at ourselves and appreciate what we see. Therapy is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. It isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give Better Help a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/ss today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE lp.com/ss.


You're not very conspiratorial are you? Depends. I just, I can't go there. I just don't feel like it's in the government's best interest to help veterans. I mean, we cost money. We cost, you can't get your, you can't get your prescriptions filled anywhere but the va And you can't just go to a doctor if you have an emergency. That's not at the va. At least as far as I know. Correct. That's, you know, that's What they were trying to change. And once you, it's a huge budget. What it's, it's why would they wanna spend that money on guys like us who they don't need anymore? That's a fair point.


You know, I just, I don't trust him. Pete. No, I think you reflect. I mean, I don't, I don't know. Tell find me a vet who does, who isn't in Washington DC I mean, look At the Oxy problem, the opiate problem. A lot of that was initiated by the va. All They do is handbags of pills. Here's A grocery sack full of drugs. Hope you feel better. Maybe he'll kill himself And. then we can pull him off the books. Or maybe he'll kill himself in the VA parking lot. Yeah. Which has happened time and time again. Yeah. Because that's what naively or basically you would expect. Well, I went to fight for my country at the very least, they could take care of me when I come home. And then they meet a brick wall of numbers of, of, of, they're just a number.


Nobody gives a damn. And it's too much. Yeah. That's even if you can get in. Correct. You know, most people can't even get in. But All right. We've, we've pounded the VA to a full Period. It's one of my favorite things to pound. Yeah. Me too. Me too. Everybody gets a gift on the show. You ready? Okay. Go. It's my shameless blow. I knew this was coming. You did? Yeah. I did. Are you a gummy there? I've seen it enough, absolutely. I would consider myself a gummy bear aficionado now. Probably not as much as you, but I'm always looking for the softest chewies, best gummy Bear. Those are red.


I wouldn't eat those. Don't eat 'em. 30 minutes before you go on the air though. Okay. I'm just kidding. Are they Those kind of gummy Bearers? No, no. They're legal in all 50 states are good to go. I'm gonna try one right now. Well, they smell good. Yeah. I find that the generic ones often the softest. They're good. Lemme know what you think. Excellent. Not bad, huh? I didn't know you were in the gummy bear business. I am. I'm Hmm. But well, let's move on to, I'm just, I was gonna save this to the end 'cause this is what I'm most excited to talk about.


But let's talk about The War on Warriors. Let's talk about the book. Where are you going with this? Well, the idea of the book, I would say, you know, I wrote a book about education. I've written some books about politics and it just didn't feel like the right time to kind of assess Where we were in the military, especially after 20 years of, of more or less ongoing combat. And you know, it takes a while for the dust to clear and to get a sense of like, Hey, what happened? Where, but then things, you know, under Obama, but really after Trump And, then in Biden, you start to look around and you say, wow. And it happened really fast. It happened slowly, And then it happened fast. You start to realize this institution that I love, that I gave so many years to, that you gave so many years to, and I say that humbly because I did far less than so many, you know, I did my one little thing that as part of a bigger effort over 20 years.


But it's this institution's going sideways. It doesn't, and you hear time and time again, which Institution? The Department of Defense, the military, the army. Pick your service. And and it started with a central question, the book, would I want my kids, would I recommend my kids join the army today or the military today? And that used to be an open and shut case for me. It used to be. Absolutely. Hell yeah. Like I want my kids to have the kind of ethos where they would, and I've, we've got a blended family of five boys and two girls. So that's a real question. You know, oldest is 14, youngest is seven. Like, they're not that far away from having the opportunity to make that decision.


Would I recommend that? And it used to be, of course I would. And over the last couple of years it became clear. Like I, I would, I, I don't know. And you talk to more and more guys and they're having the same, they're either a hell no or they're saying, yeah, I, for the first time in my life, you know, I'm in the family business. It was my dad, my grandfather, we, they all served. And I'm second guessing whether I want my kids to. and so I actually, the book kind of helped me figure that out. And I, the last chapter of the book is a letter to my boys about whether I would want them to serve. But, and, and I can, I can lay that out. But I didn't write that chapter until the end. So I wrote the whole book And.


then I was like, okay, I wanna look at the depth of what's happening to our warriors. 'cause it's, it's not, the book isn't just how the military went woke. There's plenty of those examples. And we flip feature 'em prominently on Fox. And you've seen 'em. And the, just the nonsense, the deeper question is how did the military allow itself to go woke? How did our general class, how did our, our, our our military academies, how did military leaders who are expected to live by an ethos and a code who, who they're in the job of, of meritocracy and lethality of excellence, of no excuses, of equality and unity.


Not equity and diversity is our, the dumbest phrase on planet earth in the military is our diversity is our strength. It's fun. It, it's our unity is what unites us. Our unity of effort, our, our ability to say, yes, we're different, but we come together as a team to accomplish a mission. So I spent the better part of a year and a half talking to vets and, and not just vets, but connecting through a network of a lot of guys. I know I spent, I host my show on Friday, Saturday and Sunday in New York. So I've got Saturday afternoon wide open and I spent for months, my Saturdays just on the phone, off the record anonymously with guys in service. So senior listed, junior listed, junior officers, senior officers, all branches, Moss eras.


But, but mostly guys in right now, generals, privates, and all the same themes came out, you know, standard are dropping. The woke stuff is everywhere. I feel like I'm walking on eggshells. I heard that all the time. Eggshells. I'm a commander. I walk on eggshells. I train commanders. They're walking on eggshells. They, they're, they're afraid of one misstep on one identification or one gender thing, or one racial thing or one trans thing. And the priorities are upside down on what the units are focusing on. And every single one of those distractions means we're less good at our job, which is supposed to be closed with and destroy the enemy on behalf of our nation and bring our boys home.


That's all I care about. That's what I want a military focused on. And so, yeah, I tell a few of my own stories in the book, but it book's not about me at all. How Do you think that this is happening? Well, it's a long story. So the, the, well, I think it's because they're id ideologues who want to bring a meritocracy to heal. That's where I think it starts. I think you have politicians who don't want to tolerate an institution first. They wanna use it to tinker And. then they also don't wanna tolerate an institution that's antithetical to their social experiments. Because the military, you know, I mean the book lays this out, of course, like the integration of the military racially was a huge success.


It was a huge success because black men and Hispanic men and others can perform just as well as white guys in any capacity that they're given. So the reality of life reinforced that the bigotry we saw on the outside should not be tolerated inside the military. And the military did a great job doing that. But now we're pushing boundaries and lots of different levels that are different than that because men and women are different. Because being transgendered in the, in the military causes complications and differences. And the book kind of lays out the common arguments that, that those on the, the left or others make, which are baked in social, social justice.


So it started, you know, we saw Senator Clinton with the tinkering of don't ask, don't tell, and the reasons for those changes. And I talked to some of the people involved in when that was changed, but it really happened, started to accelerate under Obama. And you saw it with, you saw the trans stuff come at the end of the Obama administration. You saw the women in combat come at the end of the Obama administration. It's because they looked around at the bureaucracies that they controlled in Washington. And the one that was, that they didn't control. The Obama spent a disproportionate amount of time focusing on the, the Pentagon. They were skeptical of leadership and eventually brought in political appointees and generals who would do their bidding the way they wanted. Which as you know, in a tap down organization changes the ethos of the whole thing.


So the book is meant to pull the whole curtain back mostly from Obama forward and explain how the army that I enlisted in, or that I swore oath in 2001 and was commissioned in in 2003 looks a lot different than the army of today because we're focused on a lot of the wrong things. I mean, you know, this, you could, you could talk about it all day. I bet We could. I'm trying to organize my thoughts here, figure out what rabbit rules to go down Me too. But I mean, I mean, they've been wildly successful Correct. In, in morphing the military into this whatever you want to, whatever, whatever you wanna call it them.


I, I do wanna, do you wanna talk about, I don't wanna forget about having your kids join the military. Sure, yep. Maybe we end with that. Sure. 'cause I have a lot of thoughts on that too. But I mean, I, I don't know man. I mean, I, I think about this all the time. I mean, you, you know, you watch the show. I've had active duty guys on, I've had, I've had the most badass American warriors that we've ever produced on this show. And everybody says the same thing. They don't all say it on camera 'cause it doesn't, we don't always go into that. But, but I do ask 'em, you know, all of 'em, like, how is it, how is it in there? You know, these, especially the guys that just got out, they're all disgusted.


They're all demoralized. Totally. I feel like this, the gas really got turned on when, when, when the defund the police movement happened, I knew it was gonna bleed in because I thought the defund the police, I was like, this isn't about this shit. They want to rid the le agencies of the old guard because they all think alike. They do a damn good job. And so let's destroy it and rebuild it with a new mindset. And that happened. I think that happened. Do you think it happened? Yes, I do. I mean, if you, if you look at the back cover of the book, it says, I joined the army to fight extremists in 2001.


20 years later, that same army labeled me one. Yeah. So I got out because, and I, I, I could tell the story or not, but I, I was deemed a extremist because of a tattoo by my National Guard unit in Washington DC and my orders were revoked to guard the Biden inauguration. But all of this, so you have what happened with George Floyd? What a punishment. I know. It's actually, you put it that way. You're exactly right. You put it, you're exactly right. You know, but you had the George Floyd riots, And then you had, I was also in the DC Guard during the, what happened in front of the White House. You remember the insurrection that no one calls an insurrection outside the White House when they, you know, burned the church down and, and got to the gates of the White House.


I was there the second night through the fifth night of all of that. I was an oh four major holding a riot shield. 'cause they didn't have enough guys. So we were just out there doing our thing and, and explain a little bit about that. That happens. Then January 6th happens and both of those moments become pretenses for the DOD with political appointees who've long since been burrowed in and generals who are all in for the politically correct agenda. They maybe kept their head down during Trump 'cause he didn't wanna hear about it. Guys like Millie, guys like Austin. They were right there waiting in the wings ready to go. And once the combination of Floyd and January 6th happened, they went all in on DEI and CRT and transformation focusing on patriot extremism.


That's, we write talk all about that in the book. You know, Gadsden flags are, are signs of radicalism. Get the bumper sticker off your car, you know, a a a Jerusalem cross tattoo, which is just a Christian symbol. Is that the ex This This is the one. Is that the tattoo? Yep. Right here. This one is, is what got me disinvited or my, I've never had orders revoked before. I mean, listen, it's a standard deal. You remember after January 6th, everyone was in Washington DC like Nancy Pelosi had the parking garages full of National Guardsmen. The fence was up. I was going and my commander called me a day before Tepidly and it was like, major, you can just stand down.


We, we don't need it. We're good. I'm like, what do you mean everybody's there? He's like, no, no, no. We're he couldn't tell me And. then of course when I was writing the book, I reached out to somebody in the unit who could confirm with 99.9% certainty. 'cause he was on in the meetings and on the emails. Nope. Someone inside the DC guard trolled your social media, found a tattoo, used it as an excuse to call you a white nationalist, an extremist. And you were specifically by name orders revoked to guard the inauguration because you were considered a potential threat. How was that? It's a cross. It's a, it's a Christian symbol. That's all it is. There's a lot of guys. But I got a Christian symbol here.


I got, you know, no, it, 'cause it wasn't about that. It was about, I don't know, was it a, I'm too conservative. Is it because I'm Trump supporter? Is it because I was a, I was a reporter on January 6th, So they just didn't want you there. I didn't want you there. So That was the, maybe I worked at Fox. Maybe that's what it was. They just, they had decided Pete Hegseth is not qualified to, to guard the inauguration of a Democrat president. Which is ridiculous. 'cause I volunteered to go to Afghanistan under Barack Obama. I'm no Democrat, but I believed, I hope was hopeful the surge in Afghanistan might work. And I volunteered to go in 20 11, 20 12. So it's never been about, for guys like you and me, it's never been about Republicans and Democrats.


It's been about the republic. And that's all been, it's all been put into question for every in everyone's mind. And it, so there's a chance to course correct it, but it would take the new, a new Trump administration going after it really hard. How would they correct it? Well first of all, you gotta fire, you know, you gotta fire the chairman and joint chiefs and you gotta fire this. I mean obviously you're gonna bring in a new Secretary of Defense, but any general that was involved, general Admiral, whatever that was involved in any of the DEI woke, shit, it's gotta go. Either you're in for war fighting that and that's it. And that's the only litmus test we care about. You gotta get DEI and CRT outta military acade. So you're not training young officers to be baptized in this type of thinking.


And then, you know, whatever the standards, whatever the combat standards were, say And don don't know, 1995. Let's just make those, the standards And as far as recruiting to hire the guy that, you know, did Top Gun Maverick and create some real ads that motivate people to wanna serve. And there's lots of other ways in which you could identify who gets promoted and what. But there's an ethos change. I mean, there, there's a reason we're not, people don't wanna serve 'cause they don't trust that, that their senior leaders are gonna have their best interest in mind in combat. I know there were mistakes made on, on our tours all over the place, but I at least for the most part, had a sense that my senior leaders were committed to the completion of the mission for the right reasons.


And maybe there were strategic differences and all that other stuff and it wasn't always perfect, but I, and that, that trust is broken and you have to reestablish that trust by, by putting in no nonsense war fighters in those positions who aren't gonna cater to the socially correct garbage. I mean, do you don't think we need to gut the entire institution? Do you think this is just coming from the top down? I think right now it's a top my assessment based on talking to, I mean is that it's a top down, bottom up problem is that you've got top down political generals who've gained rank by playing by all the wrong rules that cater to the, the ideologues in Washington dc And so they'll do any social justice, gender climate, extremism, crap because it gets 'em checked to the next level and gets 'em closer to the political appointees who don't know anything about the military really, other than they want a new first here and a new first there and can get the first trans this or whatever that just nonsense And.


then now you have a junior Corps, which listen, their incentive structure, whether it was in university or at service academies or just coming through college is belief in these things. That diversity is our strength. That equity that the standards could be racially biased. The showing up on time is a social construct. All, all these. So if you spend enough time with, with those two things meeting you, you could have a wholesale takeover. The defense Department, I do think there's still a core of mostly silent, you know, they, they also pushed out a lot of vaccine folks 'cause of the vaccine. Obviously that's a, I think that's, that's another one. Like talk about A purge engineered as well on purpose. That's a purge of people on purpose. That's a purge of people of conscience.


If you, if you have enough of a conscience, whether it's faith belief or whatever, purge out patriot extremism, purge out. So there was a big push of a lot of those people in the middle out. I still think, and I know enough guys and talked to enough who said, Hey, I, I want to be in for the right reasons. I know what's wrong, it's jacked up. If I say something I'm canned. But in a new environment, I think, I think there's still a core there that's not, and here's the challenge is I in battle for the American Mind, my other book was about the state of education in America, which is total, I mean, government schools are, you know this as well as anybody horror shows, but if you wanna get out of 'em, you can, you can move, you can homeschool, you can, you know, you got options.


For the most part school, we only have one defense department. What's the option? Abandon it. And so if every patriot abandons it, what does it look like and how is it utilized in the future in ways that are far more nefarious than foreign wars where we get entangled and we end up trying to nation build for 20 years. I feel like that's how we fix it. You abandon it, really? Yep. I know you probably think I'm Crazy. No, I it's, I I would we have a second amendment. We have more gun owners than anything else in this country. Yeah, I know. We need planes and tech and satellites and space force and all the Navy and all the shit, but when's the last time we actually went to war to fight for our freedom?


We won't even defend our southern border. Should we have been in Iraq? I was a huge proponent of at the time, but in retrospect, absolutely not. So was I I don't think we should have been there. Yeah, I think that was all for Cheney and KBR Halliburton. I think we were in Afghanistan for way too. I don't even think we're defending the country. Like why the fuck are people even signing up to go to war? For what? For what? Who's war? It's not our fucking war. We're funding the Taliban 40 to $87 million a a week, a week A week. They run the government over there. They're making passports for these guys, legitimate passports for these guys.


They fly 'em all over South America and Central America. They funnel up through the southern border. You know, it's not a fucking conspiracy. It's real. And like, what's so what are we gonna use our military for for Ukraine? No. So why, Why would anybody, why would anybody sign up? What are you defending? What are you defending? That's a great question. I mean I think it's, and that's why I reserved judgment to say, I wanna know what the world looks like in four years when you're 18. And if We do, if we, if they do lose all the patriots, they have to change something because they have no mind.


Or do they or do they or they maybe you're right. They Or would they con script Maybe you're right. Or would they bring in pathway to citizenship? Conscript? I mean, I think DC will find a way and, and it would, it may be ugly and it may. and so I, I share all of your skepticisms about that. I, I've been a recovering NeoCon for six years now. Like the foolishness with which we ricocheted around the world intervening, think it was in our best interest when really we just overturned the table and created something worse in almost every single scenario has led to almost, I mean the hubris of of, of the Pentagon is that they want to now tell other countries how to do counterinsurgency based on what we did in Iraq and Afghanistan.


Are you kidding me? So you really have learned nothing. Okay. Nothing. So you, you're right that trust, the trust there that our political leaders or our generals would have our best interests of mine is totally broken. It's totally broken. I acknowledge that completely. And the last thing I want is my son deploying to the Donbass to defend Eastern Ukraine. I'm with you too. At the same time, I'm fearful of what happens when the institution gets abandoned completely. And maybe it feels like the public school argument. Like, Hey, if we take all the Christians and people of faith outta public schools, then they're really gonna go, yeah, but you gotta save your kid, right? And I'm gonna save my kid. And that's the view. It's just there isn't there. It isn't an alternative right now to the United States military.


There, there just isn't. And I don't want to lose patriotic influence over that. So my prayer, because if Donald Trump doesn't win and Kamala Harris is the commander in chief, what's happening inside our military is gonna go on another level of warp speed. And you're gonna see even more guys retiring, guys and gals retiring, and even more of the DEI woke focus. And it's gonna continue to spiral. If Trump does win and goes at it, I think it might be our last sort of chance to save this institution and turn it back to what it was. 'cause it is a top down organization. You put a, you put a sec def in there who's focused on all the right things. Get rid of all the, just all the things that are described in the book and focus on war, fighting, lethality and training and standards.


Real standards. Not equity, but equality. You can do it. There's still the the core there. But I share all your, I mean, what has Washington shown us in the last 20 years That we should trust them with how they'll use our young men. It's fair. I mean, if you do and Trump tried to use 'em on the border and they shut 'em down. Our power grid's fucked. Our border's fucked, our education system's fucked. Everything's fucked. That's the way it feels. Everything is fucked. And we're, and we're shipping all of our money overseas and we should be. I mean you do, you know, how do you know anything about the power grid? Do you know how Yeah, bad. It is super, Super vulnerable.


I mean one EMP one, one of the right strikes and Oh yeah, we're, we're what happens when there're months without power country? I don't Think they part of need to do an EMP. We don't even, they China produces all of our transformers, all of all of our solar, all of our wind, everything. And so, and we don't even check it for malware or Trojan horses or any of these type of viruses that they, I mean, and even Ray FBI, director Ray came out and said, yeah, they've, they're in, they're in our grid and they're in our water treatment plants and all they have to do is flip the switch and, but we ship a hundred and what is it, like 175 billion thus far to Ukraine.


But no. Well, and, and, and Bin Laden's son is now in Afghanistan and he's married to the daughter of Muah Omar and the, and the daughter of z of What's his zow Zowie. And they're, I mean, when you, when you hear when the FBI director's saying that the dashboard is flashing red and smoking, he's not doing it because he's, he's doing it 'cause he's covering his ass. He knows something's coming at some point. And yeah, I I I Even on top of all the DEI stuff in the military, I don't even think that that's, I think that's just one aspect of The War on Warriors.


I mean, just before we started talking on, on the show, we were having a side conversation about the Biden four, the Blackwater guys. Yep. Eddie Gallagher. Yep. Goldstein, the latest one, I don't know if you're aware of this. Brad Geary, do you know who Brad Geary is? He's a, he's a naval captain. He was in charge of Naval Special Warfare Training Center. He was the guy that was in charge when Mullen the, the SEAL recruit who was in Buds died. Yep. And now they're pinning his ass to the wall. And it's straight lies just his, just for an example, his, you know, they're, they're, they're, they are blaming it on the training cadre.


And it was too hard and the medical checks were, were wrong and dah, dah, dah, dah, dah. But they did three, I believe it was three separate investigations to cover up. They just kept reinvestigating it totally until the facts were gone. And the facts were that they found a cooler or some type of a box full of vials of testosterone, human growth hormone and Viagra Oh. From Pakistan. And when he died, he had his, his heart was 63% larger than most. I think he was 23. Was he 23 at the time? But they had all of that removed out of the investigation.


I should connect you guys. Hmm. Absolutely. But that's the latest one. That's Eddie Gallagher. They tried him for, for murdering an ISIS fighter. Yep. They tried him for murdering an ISIS fighter. Correct. And they, and you know, I was a seal and I asked all my, 'cause I thought he was guilty. I thought he was guilty because everybody was saying that he was guilty. I was calling my buddies that were still in, Hey, what's up with this Gallagher guy? Is this real, like what I don't see the problem here. And they're like, oh man, dude, you don't wanna, it's bad they have the videos. It was bad. They told, I think it was green, told, went around to all the SEAL teams and brief them saying that they had video, the proof that Eddie killed this guy in a, I don't know, whatever fashion.


And, but nobody ever saw it turns out in court, it never came up. They just fucking lied to the entire Seal community to pin this guy's ass to the wall. A lot of people still hate him. Ab you had his lawyer Tim Parla tore Yeah. On your show without, without the kind of legal defense that he got. I mean, they got the, they got the other guy to admit that he killed him in the last day of Trump. Yeah. It wasn't even him. It wasn't Even him. So you didn't Even kill the ice. You didn't kill him Spider. So you it Eddie Gallagher or Clint Loren or the, the, the Raven 23 guys who had a Show mean those guys were one was going, Nick Slaton was going to to prison For Life. For Life And the other three, I believe it was 35 years.


And they bel they deleted the drone footage that proved their innocence. Yes. In court. That's another one. Hey, let's just retry 'em until we get a guilty court. A Couple of 'em didn't even pull the trigger in the actual incident. It's Matt Goldstein's, the other one I'm thinking of a Green Beret. So yeah, I mean chapter 10 and 11 are moral lethality, less lawyers and the laws of war for winners talking about exactly this. And this is why, you know, I was proud to be a part of in, in a small way behind the scenes with all of those, with the pardons that came for President Trump and what his instinct was, Hey, I'm with the war fighters. Like we sent them to do these really dangerous, dirty, difficult things that no one else would do. And then sort of like the line from a few Good men And, then we challenge the manner in which they do it.


And even when they do it in a way we may not like or every people don't understand, rather than giving them deference or having their back or finding a way to support them, we throw them under the bus. And the Raven 23 is the most, is one of the most egregious examples of that because it was politically expedient for Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden to do that. It was a gift to the Malachy government because of what, you know, the publicity that had come out because of it. And so you have a Pentagon that starts to be complicit with that way of thinking. And it's all about advancement and covering up problems. And they don't have the backs of guys rules of engagement are a huge problem as you know. That's another one. It's a big one. I mean I Remember, I remember I was working for the agency at the time and we were in Hellman Province and we were, the Marines were getting ready to do this big push through marud.


Do you remember that? I remember that. Yep. We were co-located. Right. They didn't know, but we were right alongside em. And I remember when the ROEs came out for that under the Obama administration. It was, if they shoot at you and drop their weapon, you cannot return fire In a war. And I was like, man, like you just cut these guys' legs out right out from under 'em. Like nobody's even, what are we doing? Like you just put the fear of God in these guys that if they have to do their job and defend the country, that they're gonna go to prison for the rest of their life. I mean, what they demoralized the, the, the, the entire battalion that was doing that offensive push.


And I mean it's just, it's just, this has been a long process. I, That's why I say the rules of war for winners because why are we fighting an enemy? Why have we spent the last 20 years fighting enemies that don't abide by rules at all? And these are rules written by like dudes in, in cloak rooms in Europe after World War I because they thought that they could fight polite wars in the future amongst European nations. When we live now in a world in 2024 where all of our enemies use all of their advantages against us ignoring all the rules of war And then expecting us to play by all those very same rules where we are our largest critiquers in the middle of the process. And, then we wonder why the war never ends and why we it perpetuates itself.


And then why we're throwing our own guys in jail. 'cause we've written rules that are impossible, that are, that are written for us to lose, that are written for our guys to be in handcuffs. I mean, I got the same, a similar brief. We had a jag officer jag off brief, our platoon in Iraq in 2005 in Baghdad prior to one of our first missions. And it was just standard ROE briefing. He's like, so you see a man in the road and he's carrying an RPG that's not yet pointed at you. And it was, you know, an enemy, can you shoot my guy's? Like, hell yeah. They're like, no, you cannot, but you cannot shoot until he's pointing that weapon at you. And I just remember walking out and clear as day. I remember walking outta that briefing, pulling my platoon together and being like, guys that we're not doing that.


You know, like if you see an enemy and you know that engaged before he's able to point his weapon at you and shoot, yeah, we're gonna have your back. And that comes back down to commanders and I, I felt like I could say that 'cause I knew I had commanders echelons above me who would have our backs in that process and the New York Times and the left. And Democrats would say, you know, all they do is take one incident and yell war criminal. They never actually understand the context of what hap I mean, I got the same income on Eddie Gallagher. Don't touch this story. I I talked to Seal f don't, don't touch it. Guilty is all hell, guilty is all. And I just looked more and more same with Clinton Rentz, same with Matt Goldstein all and, and the Raven 23 guys. What Is Matt Goldstein's?


Matt Goldstein's, green Beret, I can't, I can't remember all the particulars of it right now. But he was involved a, a guy who had, they had rolled up, who had been involved in killing Americans, then had gotten released and his sources were gonna be killed. And he laid in basically an ambush on the guy when he was released and killed them because they knew that their sources were all gonna be killed. Forgive me if that's wrong. Something along those lines. He's probably gonna watch and text me and be like, you're an idiot. So I'm sure I got some part of that wrong. He's one of the smartest, most patriotic guys you'll ever meet. I mean, you should have him on the show sometime. Guy phenomenal, like stupid level, smart PhD level.


Did He get out of it or is he worried? He got out of It. He got a pardon He did from Trump. Nice. And, and because, and, and the thing with Trump is if he, his, his wife Julie Goldstein was on our show a number of times. She's just really articulate, really passionate. Once he sees a story and gets how it connects to something bigger, it gets, connects to the bigger idea that we're fucking over our war fighters here. Why are we doing that? Why did we do that? Why wouldn't we back these guys up? Even if they weren't perfect? And he, you know, he'd call me and be like, they, you know, they, they did some nasty. Did some tough things. These are rough guys, but he respects people that were willing to do it on behalf of the rest of us. And he's not gonna throw 'em under the bus. So once he gets the information and you're able to say, here's what happened, or here's what happened in Eddie Gallagher's trial, I mean, that went all the way to the Secretary of the Navy, if you remember that.


Yeah. I mean, the guy got, Spencer got canned for misrepresenting how that entire case went out. That's what you need leaders that get it. And that was Donald Trump. Do you think It will be a good idea for whoever gets into the office to put a, put like a team together of these guys that have been through what we're talking about, like Eddie, Brad, Geary Goldstein. Yep. Because one, they know who to go after because it's happening to them two, they're passionate about it. Put Tim Parlet tore on that list too, by the way. He's super smart. Yeah. Yeah. Tim would be, he'd be good.


Tim would be a great w wrecking ball. He, he would a level-headed wrecking ball. But, but I, I mean, I feel like maybe a little bit of an overcorrection because, you know, it's personal, but Sure. I mean, I, I, I feel like that would be a great start. Yeah. You have to start with people who can say, okay, I know who the political animals were in those places. Yeah. Because that's what, that's the challenge of a new administration is everyone's gonna jump up and down and say, I was this, or I was never really for that. Or I, because they wanna preserve their careers. And you're gonna have to have somebody that's able to call balls and strikes. I mean, this isn't just happening in what the military though. I mean, this is, this isn't all the agencies I know.


It's at the, the agency because I was there. It was bad when I left in 2015. But, you know, and I, you know, when you say from the top down, I just, I don't, I don't know if that works. I don't know about the academies, what they're teaching. Well, You'd have to change the academies too, right? So that's, that's where you have to change both sides of that squeeze. You have to, I mean, admission standards, overall standards, I think, I think a huge one is, is women in combat, in quotas. I think the way they pushed that under Obama in a way that had nothing zero to do with efficacy, zero to do with lethality and capability.


You don't like women in combat? No. Why not? I love women service members who contribute amazingly because everything about men and women serving together makes the situation more complicated. And complication in combat Means casualties are worse. And when you actually go into the hood again, and, and I, you know, I got response, I've got 99% positive response to this. A few, a little bit of pushback. But when you actually break down what they did in the studies to open the door for women in combat, I mean they just ignored them. So the Marine Corps was the only service that actually tried to fight back and say, and now obviously I'm exempting special operations, which thus far has held the line fairly well because if they were lowering the standard to become a Navy SEAL just to let women inside the Navy seals, that's gonna change the capabilities and ethos of the Navy Seals.


Except for a very small example of some, you know, female super soldier who's capable of doing it. But because of how Washington works, they're gonna change the standards. They're gonna push for quotas. We have numerous quotes in the book of, no, no, we are the, these standards aren't changing. They're just evolving. Okay. They're just evolving. Oh, okay. To meet the needs of today. They're not getting tougher, I guess They're not getting tougher. No. So they're getting lower. Ev take someone like Millie, I mean, he was calling down to individual units to make sure they had female company commanders after they graduated from ranger school. Like what's the chairman of the Joint Chiefs doing? Pushing company command slots for, it's all an agenda. It's all to say, oh, we have this first, or we have this that, so that's proliferated everywhere.


The reason women started getting in combat is because of forward support companies. And they were, you know, we were integrating a lot of the rear echelon activities into BCTs brigade combat teams that were now deploying forward as an entity. And so you had women truck drivers or fuel or mechanics or on these convoys in Iraq and Afghanistan And, then they'd be ambu or hit by IEDs. And suddenly now you have women in combat. That's maybe a modern reality in a 360 battlefield. That's different than intentionally saying we're gonna put women into combat roles. So they will do the combat jobs of men knowing that we've changed the standards in putting them there.


Which means you've changed the capability of that unit. And if you, if you say you haven't, you're a liar because everybody knows between bone density and lung capacity and, and, and muscle strength. Men and women are just different. And so if you wanna, I'm okay with the idea that you maintain the standards where they are for everybody. And if there's some, you know, hard charging female that meets that standard, great, cool. Join the infantry battalion. But that is not what's happened. Yeah. What has happened is the standards have lowered because they, the general comes by and asks a question, you know, what questions are when generals ask questions, they're just a command lieutenant or captain or major.


Why aren't there more women in your unit? That means get some more women in your unit now. And that moves all the way through the training pipeline. and so I, I'm surprised there hasn't been more blowback on that already in the book. 'cause I'm straight up just saying we should not have women in combat roles. It hasn't made us more effective. Hasn't made us more lethal, has made fighting more complicated. Most of them actually are, a lot of them are pushed, I shouldn't say most, but many are pushed into a combat track 'cause they're so highly capable. But if they had their first choice, it probably wouldn't be that an 11 series job, you know, armor or, or, or infantry. So I mean, the Marine Corps did the study and, and, and integrated units, meaning male, female did drastically worse than all male units.


And Ray Mavis, who was the secretary of the Navy in time in 2015, said, oh fuck your study. We're doing it because that's what the Obama administration wanted. And, and everything else changed. So I, I'm not saying that was the only point, but that And don don't know if that'll ever change. I mean, imagine the demagoguery that would come on in Washington DC if you're actually making the case for, you know, we should scale back women in combat. And as the disclaimer for everybody out there, And don don't, we're not really in the disclaimer business. Like we've all served with women and they're great. It just, our institutions don't have to incentivize that in places where traditionally not traditionally over human history, men in those positions are, are more capable.


Yeah. I'm not gonna argue. I don't, I think women, I have to give my opinion here, I guess I think women do have a place in combat if they want it. I think there are certain units that they need to stay out of or create their own. Because when you've said it gets complicated Yeah, it does get complicated, man. I mean, sex happens everywhere. And I talked about this on another one and I got blasted for it. Like, oh, well you guys should be more professional. Yeah, fuck you. Okay. Like, wasn't there like some senator's aid getting his ass pounded in, in DC in the hearing room.


Like there's your top people in the hearing room. Okay, okay. Yeah. Then we got a president getting blow jobs under the, under the, under the desk. Like, gimme a break man, come on, this shit happens everywhere. Everybody knows it happens everywhere in corporate, happens everywhere in government. Like it's just humanity. Like people are gonna have sex. And that creates drama and that breaks team dynamics and creates issues between personnel. And the next thing you know, you're going to combat with a bunch of people that hate each other because there was some kind of a, some type of a love triangle going on in the platoon or the, or We Treat somebody differently in the moment. Yeah. Right. I mean I maybe you're something like a female engagement team.


Like I understand the role of female engagement teams. I mean, there's some amazing pilots. Amazing. I'm not, I'm not even talking about pilots, I'm not talking about pilots. I'm not talking about the ability to, you know, do I'm talking about physical Yeah, labor type, labor intensive type jobs. So maybe you're talking People in the face at close distance when it's very personal. That's the kind of stuff you're talking Seals, rangers, beret, green berets, you know, marsoc, infantry, battalions, armor, artillery. If it's, if it's if's str, I'm talking about something that would need strength is a differentiator. Yeah. Pilots gimme a female pilot all day long. I got no issues with that. Yeah, you got no issues with, you know, so that Thank you for that opportunity to, to clarify.


But on the physical stuff, there's just a difference. Yeah. Yeah, man. I mean, what else is there? What else, what else is going on? And with the The War on Warriors, I mean, where I was going with the other agencies is, well is the academia stuff, you know, and they, they get in, so it's, it's coming from the top, but it's also in the education system, which we should talk about too. And, then they get in to these agencies and I mean that's, so it's coming from both For sure. And it's happening not just that the, you know, FBI I is another prominent example of that. We saw, I mean take the assassination attempt of President Trump.


I mean, in a perfect world, would you want to have like six three guys guarding a six three president? Well, I'll tell you what, it sure as hell doesn't make sense to have a five five woman in there guarding a six foot two man. Because part of personal security is you should be able to shield your principle. And that obviously didn't happen.


Did you know that only four companies own over 80% of the US meat industry? And reports say that China owns the largest portion of the pork industry in the us. These companies seem like they're using tactics to try to crush American family farms with the additives they're putting into our food. Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about it? Let me tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of the American Family Farm in your family's food security mok. The business is simple. Mo's meat comes from animals raised outdoors and their farmers are given an honest day's pay for an honest day's work. They deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford born, raised in harvested, right here in the United States of America. Keep American family farms farming by joining the mink movement today@minkbox.com slash ss. Sign up today and get free hot rolls in your first order. Spelled mink, M-O-I-N-K box.com/ss oink oink. Get moked mok box.com/ss.


Listen up. No matter who wins the election, I'm still buying gold and silver. We're $35 trillion in debt and we have a government that none of us trust. So try to protect your money while you still can. Go to sean likes gold.com. You'll learn about the top rated Precious Metals Company Gold Co. And how they can help you. They're a great company top rated over 6,005 star reviews and tons of awards and they support the show. And for my listeners, you can get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. So if you're worried about your money losing value or you just wanna buy some precious metals that you can physically hold onto something that is real that's been around for thousands of years, Goldco can help. So go to sean likes gold.com. That's Sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


So what's happening there? I mean that's common sense 1 0 1, whereas I, it's because standards and capabilities have been subordinated to agendas Yeah. And is subordinated to quotas. And the other one that's crazy that I heard more about than I thought is the transgender stuff in the military. Yeah. Probably don't see it very much in, in special operations, but in conventional units. I mean, Oh no, you see it Really, I mean, yep. I Have a bunch of buddies in 10th group that talk about it. Awesome. Right here in Awesome Tennessee, Because I, almost everyone I talk to, I always said, oh yeah, our unit Scott, you know, this person is the tri and so we have to do this additional training all the time.


And there's all this, everyone's kind of has to be really careful about what they say and in many cases they're sort of like the DEI director inside their equity director inside the unit, which you've basically taken the DEI concept inside a lot of these military units and you've, I don't know, I don't know exactly what level if it's at, if it's at the battalion or the brigade level, but you've inserted that decision making kind of an HR process, which undermines the commander also because the, the DEI advisor, you know, can do no wrong. And so the assessments of the units diversity and capabilities, it's just And then transgenders. I mean the idea that, do you remember, I dunno, if you go through your mob station to, to deploy, if you had a Cat four dental, they pulled your tooth because you can't be out in the field with a major, you know, dental emergency.


There's no dentist. and so I deployed with a lot of guys who were like, because they just had a tooth pulled and they had to, yet we're now allowing people who used to be men or women join And. then after that we pay for medical or physical transitions to another gender, which by definition makes them nondeployable and non trainable for your, because they're, and the same thing with asthma medication or inhalers, like when you're in basic training, you can't have an inhaler when you're doing your exercises because you can't count on having an inhaler in a combat situation. Well, if you're medically dependent on drugs to maintain your gender or a particular balance of chemicals inside your body, you're by definition nondeployable.


And so you'd have, they'd have soldiers who can't train, can't deploy, have been on the books. And yet everyone has to be careful about what pronoun you use with them. Yeah. That has nothing to do with how effective a unit's gonna be. And yet we, we, so something like that should be banned on day one in a Trump administration. We're not doing the treat. He and he did that. It got immediately reversed under Biden, things like that because it's a top down. I'm not saying top down is the only way that works. I, I know that, I know that you top down things and, and people can ignore it and they can maneuver it and they can work around it. I just think there's enough of a core inside the DOD that if you push top down And, then you change the way you do basic training and the way you do recruiting and the way you do the military academies, you have a fighting chance to restore an ethos.


Now that doesn't say anything about how the politicians will use that military in the future, which they have a horrible track record of. But institutionally you at least have a chance, maybe possibly What are we missing? DEI stuff prosecuting our guys for doing their job. Yep. I don't know. I mean, I think that one of the, one of the amazing parts of is the all lot is the lies that our senior leaders were willing to tell us, even though they knew they were not true. Like suddenly this idea that, that Mark Milley just discovered that the whole institution was systemically racist, that all these bases needed to be changed.


Like, you know, Fort Bragg can't be Fort Bragg. I mean, if I'm correct, I think he was the commander, or I think he was the commander of Fort Hood. I think, you know, why did, why didn't he speak up when he was at Fort Hood? How, how could you possibly command at a base named after a Confederate and not say something? So what are you complicit? But now suddenly after George Floyd, to your point, after defund the police, it became faddish to insinuate that the military ranks are infected with racists. That, that, that it's all these white nationalists under the radar with tattoos just waiting to pop up. And, and ultimately on the recruiting side, what you've done is you bud lighted yourself.


You basically, we'll get to that in a second. But what they knew in the process is it wasn't true. So when the army and the whole military got around to actually doing the studies of, you know, extremism in the ranks, the number of extremists or racists writ large in our country is like point, there's like 7% or whatever. Maybe it's, maybe I'm wrong. Inside the military is like 0.07%. So the military has done a better job writ large than other institutions of keeping racism out of its ranks. I don't know about you, but I didn't tolerate racism when I was a commander. It wasn't, wasn't a, if it ever happened, it was addressed. And for the most part it didn't happen because we were all in on the same mission regardless of, and everybody knew that.


Millie should have known that he knew that. But he knew what the political leaders wanted to hear that, oh, there were some vets on Capitol Hill on January 6th. They must be extremists. We must have a racism problem. Let's do a, a a a 60 day stand down for extremism and let's bring in Bishop Garrison a noted, you know, white hating Trump hating DEI advocate to lead it and as if he'll be the one that identifies who's racist and who isn't racist. So they introduced more racism in the name of ending racism, which is the definition of anti-racism, which is the totally racist approach meant to divide us against ourselves. Yet anyone who was in the military knows that's not the problem we have. Yeah.


And so again, the mil, the book's not about how we went woke, it's how we allowed ourselves to go woke. And it was senior leaders and who opened the door because it was politically advantageous for them to do so, rather than standing up for what they knew to be true based on an institution they were dedicated to in a constitution they swore an oath to. And that's upside down. So you think, I'm not saying what I think is the right way, but I do think they would have to do something because I'm talking about abandoning the military again.


One, I think if something happened that people like you and I would rejoin in a, in a, in a second to actually defend the country if it was under attack or a threat of being under attack. I don't see the people that are into the wokeness joining the military. That's why I the, I mean that's why the retentions or the recruiting so bad. 'cause it's not working. Like what, what is the percentage of people that are actual trans people? Oh, It's very, very small. It's like point something percent. Correct.


Correct. So I don't see them joining. I don't think we're gonna see a bunch of Latin Americans joining. I mean, they could have joined. They, they don't believe in what we're doing either. They wanna come here for opportunity. Right. But they don't believe in what we're doing. I mean, they could join the cartels army, they could join the Sinaloa cartels army. It, it's, that's a straight military, you know, and probably get paid just as much as they are here. It's not like you're gonna make a lot of money as a E one in the Army. No, We don't. No. I mean it's staggeringly low amount of money to Your point. And so how would they replenish?


They would have to rid themselves of the shit that's keeping people out. Correct. Correct. And that's why I think it's our only way out is, and that's why I do think we're at an existential moment. I'm not trying to be hyperbolic here when it comes to the DODI think we're at a shit or get off the pot moment. Yeah. We are at a tipping point for institution, total institutional corruption. And Trump has a chance to reverse that should he, when he wins. Because what the military did, I, I didn't finish the thought on that is they, they committed a Bud Light. Like they in search of a non-traditional constituency, they offended their core constituency. So there aren't enough lesbians in San Francisco to man the 82nd Airborne.


And in trying to cater to that, they lost the boys from Tennessee and Kentucky and Oklahoma, the traditional dudes who did it because they wanted, they loved their country or they wanted the adventure, or they, you know, wanted to try tough things. Or they, they need an up and out of their community, what whatever it is. They're like, if I wanted to do the woke crap, I could go to the local community college or local college. I don't need it here. I think that could, I think that could change quicker than we think. And I'm not saying people will rush to recruiting stations, but if you bring in a commander in chief, the rank and file Americans respect And, then you speak to their patriotism and their love of country And, then you say, we've removed this person, this person, this person, we're putting serious people in that have the best interest of the institution and of your son or daughter who's a war fighter in mine, And.


then we're gonna create commercials that make you actually feel like you're gonna be a part of something real. Fund it properly, do it properly. I don't know. I think you get rid of these recruiting shortfalls really fast because it's a family business right now. Yeah. And families are opting out. Does it, I mean, let's say, let's say Trump does get into office for another four years, And then let's say a Democrat gets in right after that. Do you think we're just gonna bat this issue back and forth? Probably. Do you think it needs to fall hard so that everybody learns the lesson? If you do this, this is what happens.


We've seen it. Recruiting's gone, retention's gone. Like, I, I think this is what happens. I think what falling hard looks like, and I, I wish this in no way, and I hope it never happens. Falling hard will be when the American people have this, we have this gigantic assumption about the capability of our military. And when we have a moment where it's laid bare before us, that it's become a hollow structure of itself. That take name your historical example, but it somewhere around the globe where we are expected to overperform, we, our military tragically underperforms, and there's a, there's a collective sense that our collective defense is not what it was.


And people start looking around and asking why And then you start to get, you start to address training for shortfalls and standard shortfalls and all the other ways in which we've lost our way. I hope it doesn't, I mean even then people might not recognize it. But I actually think in an institution quote unquote falling at this point, it feels really far off. It just feels like it'll become an anemic, it'll become an anemic shell of itself. Yeah. It'll be an anemic shell of itself totally politically attuned. And they will conscript as necessary to meet And then they'll just move the numbers. Right. So the army was, had a 25% and missed its recruiting goal, I think in 2023 by 25%.


That's a lot. It's a lot. So I think it was like, I don't know what the number was. It's like 80 instead they hit 60 or something like that. It could be. And so what did they do for 2024? Well, they just reduced their standard, right? So now they're only trying to recruit 50,000 into the army so that they won't miss their goal. They'll meet their goal, but they're already at a 30% reduction from where they were supposed to be. So the bureaucracy, the institution will always try to paper over it to make it look like we're okay. But then when you talk to the guys on the basis in the units and they say, we are definitely not okay. Like we are, I mean you, I, I've got people that I'm in touch with in the, in the, the DMZ in North Korea, and they're like, we have basically enough artillery for three days if the rest of it's in Ukraine.


Like we don't have, we we're, you know, our training days are cut down dramatically. Like it's all very, feels like a shell. And, and you know, history is, is full of examples where great empires, great countries overextend themselves like we have for the last 20 years have an inflated sense of hubris of who we are. And. then when that next big moment comes, we're shocked by how we're not as capable as people thought. Now I'm not talking about, problem is guys like you make us feel really good about ourselves because you watch what Navy Seals can do and you watch what special operators can do and the incredible things they do on our behalf that mitigate the need for us to do it in a conventional way that make a lot of those questions moot points because it can be done by somebody else in a highly sanitized way, in a way that's totally detached from how we live.


There'll come a point when it can't just be done that way in some capacity. I think that's the moment there's the rub. It's not as much the capability of our special operators. And you could speak to that much better than I could. It's, it's it force on force conventional. It's China, It's China, It's Russia, or It's Russia or it's some ma massive internal attack that happens because our border's been wide open. Yeah, for sure. I think it hasn't happened yet because we are weakening at a, at a pace that nobody's seen before. I mean, we are just going like this and so, and know, I'm sure you're familiar with war games and simulations and so when it comes, I'm not saying the terrorist organizations would have that, but Russia has that.


North Korea has that. Iran has that. China has that. and so I think if I was them, what I would do is I would put in the scenario two, I would war game it and see what the probability is that we're gonna come out on top Me, we being China, Iran, Russia, whoever. And I wouldn't make a move until after this election because they know what's going on. They see it, they know that. I mean, look, nobody made any weird moves under Trump. Not that I'm aware of. I could be missing something, but I don't remember any And. Then as soon as they got in Russia went after Ukraine, tensions with Taiwan getting stronger, the border Israel, like all this shit.


Everybody's, everybody that wanted to, to make a chess move on the board did it as soon as Trump was outta office and we're seeing the country in decline. Like it's never declined before. And so if I was them, I wouldn't make a move. I, here's when I would make my move. I would make my move the first day that Trump is in office because that would be the weakest point before we start to see an incline. And if they don't, if Kamala gets in there, I would wait another four years, just let it keep declining and that would just let this place get as weak as it possibly can And.


then I would pull the trigger. And I think that's when we'll see it. I think we'll see China go after Taiwan. I think we'll see the coordinated attacks from these terrorist organizations. I think Russia probably has more up their sleeve. Iran, Korea, what do you think of that? Because we're dealing with enemies with long memories. I mean, and They can keep war game in this, and I forgot to bring this scenario up. They keep, they keep running the scenario through, they put in the latest data data and they just increase their probability of winning the longer they wait. Unless we get a stronger leader that starts to turn the ship around and, and all the signs are already there with our military.


I mean, I wish I would've checked these numbers before we jumped on today, but I mean, China's navy is astronomically bigger than what we have now at this point. I mean, they're building, I can't remember, is it like a new aircraft carrier every year or every couple like that? Something like that. We can't do that. The Pentagon is in, in, in the book the exact amount of years. But in the past X number of years, 10, 12, 15, the Pentagon has a perfect record in all of its war games against China. We lose every time inside the Pentagon war games.


We know what our real capability. You see, we didn't even get to this part of The War on Warriors. I mean the military industrial complex, the way we procure weapons systems, you know, we're, we're always the way our system works, the way our bureaucratic system works where the speed of weapons procurement works, we're always a decade behind in fighting the last war. Whereas China, there we have a, we have, you know, what did Rumsfeld say? You go to the war of the army. You have, we have the arm, China's building an army specifically dedicated to defeating the United States of America. That is, that is their strategic outset. Take hypersonic missiles. So if our whole, if our, our whole power projection platform is aircraft carriers and the ability to project power that way strategically around the globe and yeah, we have a nuclear triad and all of that, but a big part of it.


And if, you know, 15 hypersonic missiles can take out our 10 aircraft carriers in the first 20 minutes of a conflict, what does that look like? Yeah, I mean, and, and when they're, if they've already got us by the balls economically, which you pointed out very well with our grid, culturally, there's plenty of elite capture going on around the globe. I mean, And then microchips and everything. Why do they want Taiwan? They want a corner of the market completely on the technological future. We can't even drive our cars without the stuff we need out of China these days. I mean, they, they have a full spectrum long-term view of not just regional, but global domination. And we are, we have our heads up our asses.


Yeah. And then that, that's, that's the yes. The terrorist threat of our border. By the way, China probably has more people here as many or more than these terrorist organizations planted inside. Do you know what they're doing now? They are, They have all these crypto scams come, they're trying to suck all the money out of the country now. So they have all these crypto scams going on and people are falling for it. And I'm not talking like chump change. I'm talking millions and millions of dollars they give, they come around and basically what they sue is they, they try to get you invest in bitcoin type crypto stuff and they'll take, they'll be like, Hey Pete, gimme 15 grand. I'll turn it into 45 in two weeks.


You give 'em the 15 grand and like, all right, I can, I can gamble that And. then they bring it 45 grand. The next one you're, it's 200,000. The next one's a million And, then the million happens and it's gone. And so they're funneling all the cash out of the country. Hmm. This is a big thing that's happening right now in this county. I just really, yeah, I just got briefed up by, I'd not heard that county sheriff's department on there. Interesting. Yeah. And this is, this shit's, I think they just did a huge, they tracked a guy all the way to Vegas who was just bouncing from state to state to state doing this. And they picked him up and it's happening all over the place. They really have us from just about every angle.


And they have a grand plan and a grand strategy to, they believe the, the whole 20th century was anti-Chinese, the whole architect or the whole security architecture from, from NATO to the World Bank to everything exists to serve America's interests, which in some parts they did exist to serve the interest of the winner. All those institutions, of course have been totally corrupted and all of that. But originally they were meant to create a strategic architecture that reinforced the dominance of the West. So they come, they reject all of those things, and they're seeking to, the only way they can implement a structure that serves them is by defeating us. And they know that. And they're ambitious enough, the leaders Xi Jinping and others in the, in the CCP to put in a plan to do it.


And we, I mean, we're too busy And then And then we, not only do we not do anything about it, but we let in TikTok where they can trans our kids and they don't trans their kids. Yeah. Like it's, it's, this is why my, and not just because of this, but like my faith has become so much more important to me than, than politics, than the day-to-day grind. Because we can, we can invest all our time and all our energy in, in a political outcome and it's not gonna save us. So I, I'm grateful to know who my Lord and Savior is, and ultimately that's, we know who wins the victory there.


But it doesn't mean we can't, we don't need to still be actively involved in every way we can. We Still gotta try. Absolutely. I'm with you though. I am with you. But I mean, are you, are you concerned about nuclear war? I mean, mean yes in the, in the, in a general sense, I guess I just, I found overinflated from the beginning. This idea that Vladimir Putin's attack on Ukraine was gonna lead to nuclear war or war across the continent, A continent. I've always felt like it was from the beginning, like a couple days in, I was like, this feels like a Putin's giving my shit back war.


It kind of feels like, I feel like you've been pushing pretty hard. And we used to have the former Soviet Union and we are pretty proud of that. And Ukraine was a part of it. And all these other con And I don want my shit back. And I think I'm at the right time where I'm powerful enough to do it. And you're not quite on my border yet, and Biden's awol. So I'm going for it. And just like I did under my minor incursion under Obama, I got what I could, I got Crimea now. I waited under Trump, now I'm gonna get my, and this idea that I hear all the time, and I've friends who would probably agree with us on most things, they're like, well, if you don't stop him in Ukraine, then he's gonna go all the way to Poland. And he's going, I don't, I I don't think he's, I mean, maybe in a perfect world where he had unlimited capabilities and he could crown himself king of Europe, he would, I think he's probably knows enough to know that it is probably not going much further than Ukraine.


And I don't think he's a suicidal maniac who's hell bent on bringing in Armageddon through nuclear warfare. So I I, hey, if Ukraine can defend against, defend themselves from that, great, but I don't want American intervention driving deep into Europe and making him feel like he's so much on his heels that then he does have to, 'cause early on he was talking about nukes, if you remember there was this, oh, well we have to use nuclear weapons here or there. So, I mean, I'd be interested in your your thoughts on that, but it's not current. I mean, I guess if I'm thinking nukes too, the other part that concerned me is Iran having nuclear weapons. Yeah. And I, that was always a bright line for us because nuclear weapons in the hands of radical Islamists, whether it's Sunni Stripe or Shia stripe who believe their martyrdom rhetoric, the extent to which they do changes the whole calculation.


Like if Al-Qaeda had a nuke, what would they do with it? They would use it, yeah. Because they, the mullahs in Iran, in Tehran, do they really believe that, you know, 70,000 martyrs in Iran is worth the destruction of Israel. I don't know, but should we find out, or that destruction of the United States or a major American city. So I've taken very seriously for a long time this idea that Iran can, we can't tolerate an Iranian bomb because I think Islamists with bomb is different than communists with bomb, even though, I dunno. But the, the, and for different reasons, I think, I mean, my thought, I'm probably gonna contradict myself a little bit here, but I think that, I mean, I do, we have tech that does not discuss, and I think that our tech, I mean we're, we're this close from having the iron dome that Israel has.


We, you know, now the new the new thing in warfare is, you know, drones, right? Yep. These drone s horns. Yep. Yep. Well, a lot of people are worried about that. We actually already have the answer. Have you ever, have you heard of the company Epirus? I have not. So it's basically, they, they make directed EMP weapons. Hmm. And so you should check it out. Oh, that would make sense. It gets a swarm of drones. Yep. So they'll take out 20, 30 drones, just like that doesn't take ammo. Doesn't, I mean it's just, and And It looks like one of those missile launches that we used to use in, in Desert Storm. Sure. You know, I don't remember what you call 'em, but he just, they're already deployed all over the world.


I know the CEO of it, the guy that invented the damn thing, and I've chatted with him and, and he sends me videos. This shit's public though. I mean, you can look it up, but I mean, when you see things like that Yeah. I'm like, we're good. We're good. I think, I don't think these, the old tech, you know, that's coming toward, I don't think the nuclear thing is as I, I pray and hope, and I do believe that we probably have some sort of an answer to that when I see things like this coming out, you know, when I see the thing that's like, and it's not like it shoots all 30 drones down individually. It's just, you just see no noise. Just 30 drones, 30 helicopters.


I don't know how many it could take out at once, but they all just fall. And so when I see stuff like that, I'm like, okay, we still, we still have an edge here. With that being said, I mean, I know he, he, he told me that he produced the, the chips in it himself. But, you know, I don't know if anything's coming from China. I don't know what other weapons we have And then what's manufactured in China or what, what IP they have stole from us. Yeah. 'cause that's another big thing that they've done, is they've stole all of our ip. And, and so that's kind of what I think. I'm not, I'm not as concerned about it as probably most people, but Yeah, I'm with you.


I think our biggest threat is internal. I think it's, I think we're committing cultural suicide and we've lost complete focus on the basics in building blocks of what made Western civilization in America exceptional. Yeah. Fruitful, prosperous, strong, free. And we've, we've got groups of people inside our own country, hellbent and determined to tear them down. And you see it in a immediate manifestation in the Pentagon. But the book I wrote before, battle for the American Mind was about the progressive takeover, the K through 12 education system. So what they've done over the last 100 years. And when you really pull the curtain back on that, yeah, we're gonna have to fight for all of these other things are real, but if you don't, we're in totally uncharted territory where we're trying to keep a republic, keep a country while simultaneously raising up and training the youth of our country to believe that that country is bad.


And I, you've, I, I'd like someone else to find me a historical comp to that, because in China there's still teaching that China is good in India, their strategic India is good. Pakistan, you, you name it, good or bad, countries friendly, or not friendly, except for Western Europe where they've effectively committed the same level of cultural suicide. They're, they're not teaching that we're just imperialist, you know, colonialist, racist, sexist, horrible land stealers from the beginning. That's what big chunks of American kids are getting every single day. Yeah. And it will form a lot of their worldview. So I, as much as The War on Warriors is important to me and our military is, and it is, I mean, what we're doing to shape the next generation of kids in our country will have the longest impact.


I want to talk to you about the education stuff. I'm gonna ask the question right now though, that we were gonna end with Yeah. About your kids joining the military. Yeah. So what Do you tell them? I don't know if they've even read it yet. I, you know, I told 'em, I wrote a chapter for 'em, but they're, they're still not all that interested. Even when they're 14 sometimes they're not all interested Quite yet. I just mean, I just mean talking to 'em. No, I know. They, they, they know from spending. I don't, first of all, I can't, I'm not gonna try to push, you know, they're gonna do what they want to do. They know what their dad does and all of that. And what, you know, that he was proud of his service. And, and that's basically what I wrote the most in the letter is, Hey, besides my faith, nothing has shaped me more.


Nothing. I'm more proud of nothing that taught me more about myself. It's where I got the real education in my life. Not, not college, grad school, anything. It was, it was the University of Baghdad and Samara and Cobble and all these gmo, they're the best of the best. And, but I'm, I'm also honest with 'em, for the most part, if you don't serve, you will probably regret it. Now, a lot of this is in a static context where things are normal. The way we looked at it 20, 30 years ago, I, I recognize that, but the human ethos is the same for the most part. But then I turned pretty quickly to, Hey, but this isn't the military that I joined. It's not the military that other guys joined.


And I have huge, I have huge skepticism about the leadership inside this military. And I put right in there, I reserve the right four years from now, 10 years from now to, to give you a different recommendation because of how quickly things are changing. But ultimately my result here at this moment is I would still want my boys and girls if they wanted to be willing to serve their country and raise their right hand and defend the constitution. Because I don't think yet the institution can be completely, completely abandoned by Patriots. And filling the ranks with patriots in those bunks at the beginning, whether it's enlisted or officer, is critically important. And it would be, you know, it would be hypocritical of me to say, oh, we need to revive our military.


But my boys are above the ability to contribute to that. I think a lot of it does have to do with whether Trump wins or not. I really do. Yeah. Trump wins. I feel pretty confident in that recommendation. Trump doesn't win. I, you know, we, well, version two will have some edits to it. How would you feel if, how old's your oldest? 17, 14. 14. So still Four years away. I mean, if, if 18 was the, How would you feel if he got shipped off to Ukraine? Yeah. No, I'm not for that. No. So I would look a lot at the world in four years. Yeah. Who's in charge? What are we doing? What have we done? But the problem is, you're right. I mean, every time I, I make this argument, I get whole shot in it that I, that I, I mean the way our military has been used in retrospect, What if, let's rewind, pause.


What if it was Iraq? Knowing what you know now, What if it was Iraq? Knowing what I know now? I mean, I just don't have any regrets about what I did because I did what I did for reasons. I think were, were, I'm with You. Understandable. Right. I don't have any regrets, but I don't think we should have been Right. Knowing what I know now, knowing What you know now. No, and and it's not just be, it's not just because of intelligence and, and weapons of mass destruction and all that. It was the, it was the developing hubris and the lack of institutional capability to recognize that this whole ma nation building thing is not gonna work.


Like what do we think we're building here? Especially in Afghanistan, this is biblical times with AK 40 sevens and cell phones. And we're, every time we hand them a new a, a fresh, you know, company of Afghan national Army troops, their weapons, two weeks later they're on sale in the, in the a Pakistani market. Or we build a school in a rural area and three weeks later all the air conditioners are gone. They're sold in the black market. 'cause they don't really, what are we doing? We're trying to impose our view of the world on them to include a lot of the nice social justice causes that we want to believe are good and right and true. And we're seeing the same thing play out right now in South America, say in south com. Our south con commanders running around talking about women in leadership, L-G-B-T-T rights and climate change in South America, south Camp Southcom.


So, I mean, they do a other, but those are the big leadership focuses. What's China doing? Yeah. They're providing security protection. They're building ports. They're debt enslaving nations. So they have to work for 'em in the future. And they're playing for keeps. So is Russia in there? And we're running around talking about not So this is an institution in my mind that hasn't learned, hasn't learned one bit. Yeah. Still thinks we did a great job on counterinsurgency. So if you're, if you're not on, I mean, and I, I look back at how the reasons I was an advocate for it so directly at the time is 'cause I believed in it and I believed in our country, and I believe in finishing wars. We fight. If you fight it, let's finish it And, then get the hell out. But don't leave in shame. Don't leave the way we left in Afghanistan.


But because we fought a 20 year war and one year iterations and never learned in the process, And then try to change hearts and minds. It didn't work and it collapsed under its own weight. Now it's worse. So if you find me someone who thinks that those wars were better and that they, we sh we think they should do them in 2024. They need a lobotomy because they haven't looked at the evidence afterwards to recognize where we are. It just, it just wasn't, it was a house of cards meant to fall. Afghanistan was a house of, I saw it in 20 11, 20 12, my job, I was the senior counterinsurgency instructor at the training center. So it wasn't a combat mission for me. I was a trainer and I trained the units coming in, conventional international units, all that on the latest tactics and strategy of the Taliban.


So what's the Taliban and Al-Qaeda doing across all the provinces? Are they gaining ground? Are they losing ground? What's their approach? And it was clear by then the shadow government structure, the shadow court structure, how they infiltrated the a NA and the a NP. So they had, they knew who their people were would activate 'em as necessary. There was a lot of blue on green at that point going on. So you had to worry about if the guys are training, we're gonna turn their guns on you. It's all psychological warfare. The whole thing was meant to show to the population, hey, we may not be in charge right now. It's the corrupt American puppets that are, but once the Americans leave, like we have the real power, we have the real power base here. And that is exactly what played out over 10 years. And that's exactly what our Pentagon commanders knew. But they were always in a race to green, you know what the race to green is?


Race to green is, you've got red, amber, green and you've gotta show that your Afghan national army unit is at green status ready to go, whether they're at green status, ready to go or not. And so we had a shell of an army incapable of actually defending the country. And Millie and all these folks should have known they Mackenzie, all of them. And they probably did at some level, but they knew they had to say it's a okay. And so you get the, that collapse. I mean you saw how it affected vets when what happened in Afghanistan happened. It actually affected me a lot more when the rise of ISIS happened in Iraq, when that black flag flew over Fallujah and Samara and Torit and all these other towns that we'd fought so hard for.


And you realize what the hell all those guys, all this time, all that effort, and this is what, what we got was worse And. then in retrospect, you're like, you know, sit down. Hussein wasn't a good guy. But it turns out those dictators actually keep the lid on things fairly well over there. And they really don't like Islamists 'cause they try to kill all them. Maybe that would've been a better idea than overturning the whole apricot and welcoming Iran into Iraq. And I heard people making those arguments, some of which I didn't like, people I didn't like. And I, I just had to dismiss them at the time because I was a believer in the mission that was in front of us at the time. But in retrospect, I mean, we have burned two decades of money.


Our best and brightest, our goodwill military capabilities, strategic drift in Afghanistan and Iraq, and now we're tempted to do it again in Ukraine. Thankfully, so far it hasn't been troops. And we've got an even bigger threat in China on the, on the horizon. So all of that does bleed into my thoughts on my kids. You better believe when the first time one of them comes to me and says, Hey dad, I think I might want to, all of those will be a factor in whether or not I would support that. Yeah. I'm, I'm at a solid, I'm at a yes, but a but trending to maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Well I got a long time to think about that, so Yeah. But well, We'll see, we'll know by then. Yeah, I'll know by then.


Yeah, no kidding. Right. But let's move into some education stuff. I really wanna pick your brain on that because I have kids, but they're not in the educational system yet. So, and like I told you off offline, we're gonna homeschool, but good for you. I mean, I hear about it all, but I gotta be honest, Pete, I don't believe everything I hear. I, I mean, I know the media spin stuff, obviously everybody is kind of figuring that out, I think. But you know, you have kids in, and so like, how bad is it? And you just moved to Tennessee for this specific reason. Specifically for this reason.


We moved to a school in Tennessee specifically because of the, the curriculum, the, the, the virtues, the belief systems of that school. It's a small conservative, classical Christian rural school that reinforces our values. And we moved from New Jersey where there were lots of wonderful people like states like that get a bad rap. But there's full of a lot of like, faithful conservative patriots. But you know, the state of New Jersey, the Phil Murphy who famously said that the const, the Bill of Rights is above his pay grade. So he just doesn't really think about, he said that about Covid, but he's an idiot. They passed a bill recently that said gender identity training, which eventually turns out to be gender fluidity and trans stuff is mandated in all government schools starting in first grade.


First grade. And I say government schools intentionally, they're not public schools, they're government schools. I'm sure they may be open to the public in that sense, but the government is setting the tone. And I run into people all the time. I mean, you're, you're dialed in and so you've made that choice to homeschool. But there are a lot, I mean a lot of dudes just like us who are like, Hey, I pay property taxes. You know, I work hard. You know, we move to a nice area that say the schools are good. We moved here for the schools that feel like local control will say, even here in Tennessee where, hey, I've got a good school. Good means, you know, a fancy gym and an iPad and you know, high SAT scores.


And those are all fine things. What I wanna know is what's being pumped into the minds of those kids. And what you realize when you pull the curtain back over a hundred years is the entire pipeline of our education has system has been federalized intentionally and taken over, not just by like left lefties or or, or technocrats or bureaucrats. Everyone you meet through that timeline who's pushing hard on the shoulder of, of on the plow of education, is an atheist, a Marxist or a socialist or a humanist? No, a lot of 'em are humanists, which is what's a humanist. Humanist is a basically a completely rejects a Christianity or faith at all.


And so it's all humanity is at the center of good and evil. Right and wrong. It's effectively secularism, pos posited as an alternative religion to Christianity. Oh. So it'll, it'll find politics as an avenue. And so humanists are often socialists or Marxists or communists in alongside being a humanist. But it's, it's the worship of of mankind as the highest being okay, as opposed to God as the highest being. So they're all that, that's the train of people pushing this educational philosophy. And when you, I used to think it started in the sixties, actually goes back to the progressive era and even before that. But they vary intentionally. The one thing they knew they had to remove from the beginning was God.


God had to come out of the schools 'cause God was the immovable object that prevented their utopian schemes. They wanted, you know, if you wanna manipulate chi children, if you wanna change the way they think, rewire the relationship of families, you have to get at the God thing. 'cause the, the garden and the sin in the garden is all disrupts those utopian schemes. And so the early progressives, communists, Marxists very intentionally worked hard in their, in creating systems that slowly but surely removed God. Because if you went into a public public school, government school in America in the 1850s or 1870s and 1830s, the Bible's in there, prayers in there, scripture readings in there, it's all in there.


So it's a modern court that made all those things unconstitutional based on a misreading of the first amendment and freedom of religion versus freedom from religion and the progressive of exploited that And. Then the, the process from there to, they used patriotism falsely to sort of get rid of God And. then once they built an allegiance to state, and, and what that was, is they replaced basically the cross in the Bible with the flag and a pledge. The original pledge of allegiance was written by a socialist minister, and it did not include under God, the pledge of allegiance originally didn't include under God. Eisenhower added under God in the fifties when we were fighting the godless communists. So you, you have a flag and you have a pledge, a pledge of allegiance to the republic.


By the way, we're a republic, not a democracy, and our education system pumps democracy down people's throats. And our founders couldn't stand democracy. But that's a whole nother, a whole nother ballgame. The left always changes language. They change language to change, to create an alternate reality, to manipulate human beings into whatever utopian scheme of 15 minutes ago. They want to advocate for that increases their power and control. And they saw the government school system as the best entity to do that in. And so they focused and pushed. And so the book used, the other book talks about something called Pidea, which Pidea is a lost Greek word that I don't know, Greek, I dunno, Latin. 'cause I didn't have a classical education.


And Pia basically means the enculturation of the youth. So what kind of worldview is implanted on your heart or your soul before you're 12, 12, 13? The vision of the good life. Like Afghans have a p we have a, what does it mean to be good, to be virtuous, to be healthy? What are your virtue? All all those things were in a pide and they understood our Western Christian pide had to go. And so over 40 years, they turned it into a American progressive pide. PP. And today we're in a culturally Marxist pide. And I, and I, I say that without hesitation, with full understanding of that. There are some schools that are a little different here on the government spectrum.


But ultimately, even if you're hiding out at a good school with a good superintendent and good principal, the pipeline of the curriculum is the same as other schools because it's all been federalized in, in, in Washington DC by bureaucrats who are pushing a very specific agenda. And so the battle for the American mind lays out the ways and layers in which they've consolidated that power to a complete takeover. And so when you say get out of, you know, get outta the military, get outta the institution, and I say, no charge ahead right now. My, my prescription in battle for the AM American mind is tactical retreat. Get out, get your kids outta government school SY systems right now. If you can, if you have any way, you know, save money, move, get a second job.


Don't take the vacation, sell the boat, whatever. Drive for Uber. Figure out what you need to do to get your kid outta the government school system because it's about saving your kid right now because the house is on fire. And that's the first thing you, I don't need school choice. I need my kid out right now. Save them from the progressive pide that's being pushed on their throat subtly or not so subtly. And so the book was meant to just wake people up to that so that we have a fighting chance in the future, and that we have thoughtful, freethinking, virtuous kids who don't think the world is upside down. There's a lot of ways we can go there, but have you Seen any progress since you've written the Book?


Oh my goodness. Yes. You have. So the book, we started the book before Covid And, then Covid happened and the whole, and we were writing the book and we're like, we can barely keep up with the insanity. 'cause Covid brought the classroom into people's homes. And, then they were looking into the Zoom screen and they're laptop and they're like, whoa, what is this? Why are we doing a land recognition? Or what is the 1619 project? Or why are we using pronouns in the parents? What is The 1619 project? 1619 project was written by, her name is Hannah Jones. She's a quasi-academic, wrote something for the, for the New York Times, also wrote a book on on it. And it's, the basic theory is the real founding date of America is not 1776.


The real founding date of America is 1619 when the first slaves were brought to the continent. And that we should think of America. And not in the spirit of 1776, but in the spirit of 1619, because everything about America is stolen from Indians and built on the backs of slaves and only understanding the sinful founding of America. Can you understand how, why we are so such a terrible country today? So it's meant to turn the whole thing on its head and say, no, no, no, 1776 white racist dudes who were all basically Christian nationalists or extremists.


And we have to understand it instead through this racial lens. And you know what it comes back to? They're all, what, what age does this shit start? Oh, that started like three, four years ago. Oh, you mean the teaching of this stuff? Yeah. Depends on your school. So if you're, if you're in a, in a, in city school, white or black, like you might be getting it real early. You're certainly not getting the patriotism aspect that you would've gotten before. You're getting this view that, I mean, sometimes in some cases we're talking kids we're talking, you know, first graders, second graders, third graders, you know, if I'm white, then I've traditionally been an oppressor. Or if I'm black, I've traditionally been oppressed. And. then you start, we're we're re racializing groups of young kids to identify themselves by their race as opposed to what our generation, I, I don't know where you went to school, but it was mostly Martin Luther King's content of your character, not the color of your skin.


And my parents would always admonish us if we looked at the world through the lens of race. Now kids are encouraged to look through the world through race. And it just a little story on that. It all goes back to Marxists. There was something called the Frankfurt School. And it was a, was a, it was a, a think tank or a university in Germany in the thirties. They were Marxists, but Hitler hated them and wanted, wanted them out. So they fled Germany and landed in, in, in New York City, ironically, as they're fleeing Hitler, our boys are flying over to, you know, defend Europe from Hitler. But they were called the Frankfurt School. They were Marxists. And they showed up at Columbia University and they had a theory, their theory had started it, it was actually called the Critical Theory University.


So their theory was critical theory or the school of critical theory or whatever it was, critical thought or something like that. So they arrive at Columbia University with a theory called the critical theory. Now we know of it now as critical race theory, but their theory, critical theory effectively exists to deconstruct western civilization, Christianity, the patriarchy, colonialism, whatever, characterization, capitalism, borders, you know, all the stuff that Western civilization had traditionally appealed to or had been a part of. Critical theory says, no, we're gonna attack it and deconstruct it until it's effectively worthless or identified for the evil that it is.


And so critical theory lands at Columbia University and what is Columbia? They're welcomed in, by the way, in part by John Dewey, who is one of the modern founders of public education. And they're given a building and they're welcomed in and they start pushing critical theory. Pretty soon it becomes a part of what is taught at the Education school at Columbia. What's the single most powerful school of education in America? Columbia University. And it proliferated from there across the country. And you got critical theory. If you go to universities today, take Harvard, where I mailed my degree, I did a graduate degree at Harvard and I mailed it back to 'em. 'cause I'm sick of their shit. I did it live on the air on the show?


If you go to every department at Harvard University, it's all critical theory. The lens through which they look at their academic subjects are through a critical theory lens. Just look it up, it's right there on the website. They're not even trying to hide it. So, you know, everybody loves Michigan. People that are alumni of Michigan, they love Michigan sports. Whatever critical theory university out the wazoo, most major universities use critical theory as a baseline. They're not just lefties anymore, they're radicals across the base. And we knew that that's why the book's not about college. The book's about high school. So they're pushing all this stuff down into high schools in a place where kids can't understand it. And it's really now just meant to indoctrinate. But the reason I told that story is race was our achilles heel.


And the Marxist knew it. They usually trafficked in class warfare, bourgeoisie, pro proletariat class balances. They said, no, no, no in America, because of the Civil war and because of our, you know, slavery and all the, all those things that happen, we're gonna use that as our lever. And it's been far more effective And then after, you know, with with George Floyd and with all that, it's, it's been on Hyperdrive And, then you get the D-E-I-C-R-T stuff. I think eventually in some ways they'll, they've started to begin to overplay their hand. People see it and expose it, and they realize for what it is. But it's still been a part of the educational philosophy and lens through which so many kids have seen the world and it's super divisive and super dangerous, Man.


Do you think are all Democrats down with this stuff? I don't think so. How come? Nobody's speaking up. I think Democrats are down with control. I think Democrats are down with, it's a great question. I mean, look, take Joe Biden for example, he's always been a partisan. He is always been egomaniac. He, they all are at that level at some level. But he made a deal with the devil with the far left because he thought it would keep his position stable. And I think that's what a lot of members of the left who think a lot of what the radicals think is crazy. Do they just say, I don't want, I don't want the protestors, I don't want the mess.


I don't wanna be called a racist. I don't wanna be called a sexist. My background isn't perfect. So if I ruffle feathers, they're gonna pull some clip on me and call me this or call me that. So I'm just gonna go. So it becomes a race to the bottom. Like you and I have an opportunity to have a platform to speak our mind and people can watch and they can say, oh Pete, that guy's great. Or Pete, that guy's the, he's the worst. And, and, and they're afforded that possibility. Most people, and that's why our job is to speak as loudly, boldly, and unafraid as possible. Exactly what you think without, without filter. 'cause most people can't do that. You're, you're, if you're a nurse or you're a police officer or you're, you know, a line worker or whatever, if you speak up on the wrong side of an issue, you know, people will come after you.


Employer might come after you. You might be deemed as something. It's even worse, I would say at some level for Democrats, if they wanted to speak, honestly, like if you wanna really cut against the grain, are you really gonna start saying, you know what we shouldn't we, those books that are in the libraries about the trans kids, like, or, or gay sex. Like maybe we just leave that out for the third graders. How about we don't do that? The machine comes down on you and says, you're not a Democrat, you're a fake. It's just like the issue of abortion or something. Like, you know, you're not a real Democrat if you believe that. You can't believe that. Yeah. So I, I think a, there are plenty of, but, but you see people like RFK, like Tulsi Gabbard, like Elon Musk, I think maybe even Mark Zuckerberg, who knows if he's had a revelation recently or not.


I'm, I'm, I'm hoping he's swallowing a big old red pill, but probably not. Who knows? He's probably just looking out for his ass. But I'd say that silent, I Think that's probably right. Right. Yeah. But he did say that the Trump thing, you know, he looked, he was badass to get up and do his says, eh, we'll see, He did write that letter the other day. I, I have a theory that he's, he's probably trying to, it's risk mitigation for his company. Yeah. But, but there are more and more free thinkers, Democrats who are saying, I'm not in for this censorship stuff. I'm not in for this group think stuff. I'm not in for this kid stuff. What's it with the kids? See, that's, that's what, that's what really gets me, Pete, all this trans shed race, shed, whatever.


Like, it bugs me. It really bothers me. But it's always been a thing. It's always gonna be a thing. This kid's shit though. Yep. This like turning pedophiles into like, some kind of sexual preference that everybody's okay with. I don't know how, I do not know how you can be down with that. I got family that votes this way. It disgusts me like you are wanting to put fucking pedophiles on the map and make it okay to molest my fucking kids.


And that's not cool. And I just, I just, I don't see anybody speaking up for it on that side of the aisle. And it, it just enrages me. Like all these other things, you know, you want to, you wanna do that. You want to, even the gender stuff, you know, in, in the, in the, in the, in the surgeries on eight years, if You're a grown adult. Yeah. I don't like, who cares man. But, but this stuff like you are, you are making it legal to take the innocence of a child and ruin their entire life. I mean, time after time, after time on this show, you know, I talk, I talk to the, I i, I can't believe how many, how many people were molested as kids.


Hmm. You know, and these, these people were trying to make it, okay, they're trying to make it normal. A sexual preference. We should, we should accept this shit. What the fuck are you talking about? Amen. I mean, what's the, what's the phrase in Acade? Minor attracted persons. Yeah. Maps. Maps. That's how it always starts. Right? Some kooky report that we talk about on Fox, about some professor that said it over here. Like, oh, that's so crazy, And. then you realize, oh my goodness, that's Spreading. And now they're, and now they're defending it. Now the state's doing and Now this state's doing it Well. Exactly.


And it becomes a race to race to the bottom for, you know, California does it first And then Minnesota. 'cause it really wants to be like, California does it too, And then New Jersey does it And then pretty soon you got like a dozen states. You're like, what? I don't understand it. I, I think it's, I think it's Is that that showing up in the schools? What yet, Max? No, no, not that I'm, not that I'm aware of Sexual preference classes. No, but think about it. If you're, I mean, so in some ways, yes. I mean if you're, if you're, Is that gonna be the next, the next letter in the LGBTQ plus? Is that the plus? Well, I don't know. I don't think we can define the plus. It's just a plus. But if you start with first grade starting to question Whether, you are a boy or a girl, let's just, just sort of start there and say it's fluid And.


then, you know, you're getting to third, fourth grade And. then it's like, well, boys and girls can be attracted to different boys and girls. And then And, then it's books in the library about what does it like to explore with a boy or exploit with a girl. And that's maybe sixth grade And. then in, in eighth grade, it used to be sex ed was like, Hey, or eighth, ninth, 10th, you know, premarital sex, you know, is it comes with risk. You can get pregnant, use a condom, whatever that was on the sliding scale. Well, what do you think it is now? Do you think It's just my dad taught sex ed in public high school in like 19, in the 1980s. Like I know my dad is one of the most, is the most wonderful human being. I know, I know. He's playing it straight. I know he's not adding some theology or some, he's saying the stuff the curriculum requires him to say, plus probably, Hey, the best thing you can do is avoid premarital sex.


If you don't wanna get pregnant, you don't wanna get STDs. That's, but if you do, here's the blah blah. He's not putting banana condoms on bananas and doing weird stuff. He's just playing it these days. What's mandated in the curriculum is an introduction of, well, different people can be attracted to different things and want different things and, you know, what does, what does consent look like? And, and that's, consent is obviously something important to talk about, but it all gets very, very muddy and complicated. It almost feels hypersexualized. So the point of the education system, it shouldn't be to explore each other's sexuality ad nauseum. The point I thought was to just make sure you're not having, you know, you're not having unwanted pregnancies.


That's what they said it was. And, and STDs. So you want, you're, they're teaching kids about responsible sex, which should always have been the function of parents at home. But you've got broken families and all of that. So I, I'm not saying they're pushing minor attracted persons in first grade, but if you're teaching sex hypersexualized topics and there's people that are way more informed on this than me, but we touch on it in the book all the way through the pipeline, then you're introducing the idea of sexuality early and earlier, which only creates problems for everybody involved. I, that's the biggest reason we left New Jersey. We were gonna leave anyway and we were already outta the government schools. But the idea that this stuff is being pedaled and pushed, now you can, you can teach your, obviously you teach your kids at home.


I don't wanna spend my time deprogramming my kids or, or having to play defense on what they just heard for eight hours a day. Yeah. And that's a lot of Americans every day. I mean, they may not be teaching that this year, but they probably will be next year. I mean, did you, do you know about the Furbies thing? Well, I've heard about, I don't furries I've heard about it. I don't know how, I'll be honest, I don't know how widespread it is. I've heard anecdotal evidence of it happened Here in Tennessee. It happened in, hold on, is it Cookville? Cookville, Let's say. I've heard of it, but I've heard of, They kicked him out.


They said, well we moved here from California for whatever. And they said, cool, we don't put kids in cages in this school. Get the fuck back to California. Bye. And it stuck. Thank God. Well, Thankfully, for the most part, anyone, my experience like half our church is from California, is that most people moving from California here are moving because they wanna move somewhere that reflects their values out of a crazy place like California. But that's what places like this have to do. Conservative places have to stay. We moved here for a reason. This is what we believe in. We're not doing that stuff here. We just have to have courage to do it. 'cause they're gonna call you every name in the book. And I'm sure they did in that scenario and everything, but it's not true.


It's just common sense. Yeah, we're not doing that. Yeah. Well how do we, how do you combat this? I Mean, well, so you asked about, I didn't even answer your question. You asked about has there been a upswing or is or And the answer is yes. Because even since the book came out, we've seen hundreds of additional classical Christian schools founded in the country. So the book is specifically the other one about classical Christian education. So it does a diagnosis of what's happened to K through 12. But then it says, okay, what is the form of education that created the west, that created our American founding? And it's classical Christian education. It's Latin and Greek.


It's great books, it's history, it's literature, it's the Bible and theology. It's a form of education that the left has completely buried And then replaced with a, a fraud take for example, did you take some social studies? I took social studies. When I, when I speak to groups, I say, who here took social? Everybody raise their hand. Social studies totally made up. It's a totally made up subject. Before 19 40, 19 30, 19 50, in most places, no one taught social studies. What you taught was history, theology, geography, politics, individual disciplines that were meant to find truth.


They were meant to find facts. They were meant to find the glory of God. Individually. These disciplines brought us closer to understanding truth. But if you've gotten rid of the idea of truth or real exploration, then you turn everything into a social science or a social study. So now you're studying society or social and you're, you're looking at different trends or different movements. And God's totally divorced from that. And you maybe de-emphasize this and emphasize this a little bit more. But it's all about the same thing. The critical theorists are trying to do the perfection, creating a human utopia by tearing down what existed for the ages, which is based on a lie. Because as, as a Christian, I know that I'm inherently sinful.


I can't be perfected. I'm saved only by grace. And that governments don't exist to perfect my life. They exist to protect my rights endowed to me by a creator. And I don't look for the government to solve all of those things. But for utopians, for progressives, for leftists, it's the exact opposite. And so our whole education system's been infected. The book says Get out. Homeschooling is on a huge ramp up. Classical Christian schools are on a huge have exploded in the last couple years. And we don't take credit for all of that. A lot of that is, is is covid. But parents waking up and saying, you can spend all day long listening to your show, watching Fox and getting pissed.


And a lot of, a lot of, a lot of us do. But what are you doing about your own family? Yeah. What do you do about your kids and your grandkids? That's what you have to save right now. Find a classical Christian school, find a Christian school, find a conservative school, find a homeschool pod. Classical conversations is an awesome classical Christian network of, of homeschoolers that, what was that called? It's called Classical Conversations. I know the founder of it, Leah Borton. She's amazing. And it, it, it's got a curriculum, but you come together, you know, in your community once a week or whatever with other families that are doing it. And you can participate in sports and stuff. Anyway, there's, there's way more today than there ever was five or 10 years ago.


So there's a big And then you've got school choice making its way. Governor Bill Lee's gotta get that done here. Other states have done that. Now, if you can get parent, if you actually, I mean you gotta be careful about this 'cause some people are very critical and understandably so, of money going from the government to a school. 'cause eventually the tentacles go into the school. So the money's gotta be as divorced as possible from the school. So it goes to the parents And, then the parents make whatever choice they want. If you, if you get that kind of boost in enough states, well now parents are taking that $8,000 voucher and they're applying it to a, a classical Christian school or a Catholic school or another school and saying, and now they can afford it. Well that kind of demand is gonna, is gonna be met eventually with supplied that wants to meet that need.


Now the, the education establishment and the unions are gonna go nuts because they're in the business. Just like the vets groups of defending the institution of the Department of Education in public schools. I just want my kids in the school that actually, I don't know, teaches them. And this, none of this even has to do with reading and writing arithmetic, which our kids can't do anymore. Yeah, because another example of that is, did you do remember those commercials hooked on phonics work for me? Yeah. Hooked on phonics. I remember. I remember, but I remember as a kid, I was in school, I was like, I would make fun. I'd be like hooked on phonics work for me. Those guys must be so dumb. And, and I'm like, and the further I get away from it, I'm like, that's me. I never took phonics.


I don't know how to conjugate a verb. I don't even know what a proper sentence structure looks like. 'cause I wasn't taught that. I, I taught to read on a whole word method. It was the new, new fad of the educational philosophy, whole word method. So that phonics is how we taught kids to read for hundreds and thousands of years. It worked really well. The educational bureaucrats started to tinker with it. 'cause that's what they do. What happened after that? Oh, we actually got dumber reading scores went like this. When you teach kids phonics, they learn how to read the way they've always learned how to read. Understanding our language with roots in Latin and Greek and others that you add to. I don't know any of that. Do you know any Latin words? I dunno. Maybe some military Latin words. I know none did. I know the history of Western civilization, say the Middle Ages, the renaissance, the reformation, all the thi the, the revival that happened in America before the revolution.


That that created the op the, the fertile ground for the, I didn't learn any of that. I remember coming home from public school in like 10th grade and saying, dad, why is Ronald Reagan always the bad guy in the textbooks? Why is the bad guy conservative God-fearing regular old small town America, Minnesota, because the textbooks are written by lefties in New York City and they all hate Ronald Reagan And. Then I gotta read that Ronald Reagan's a bad guy all day long. Like this has just been the case for a really long time and we've ignored it for too long. And I do think we're in a huge educational renaissance because it's never the, it's not gonna be the 50% of Americans that wake up. It's the one, two, 3% that wake up change course for their kids.


They get faithful, they get involved, they get, they grow a backbone and they fill their kids with goodness and give us a fighting chance. And that's where my hope lies. And that's, that's really the, if, if there's a contribution that I hope to have in this world, it's seven kids that are believers in Christ that know where true know what, know their history, know their Bible, love their country, and are willing to stand up for their family. Everything else. I don't care if they're a plumber or a soldier or a school teacher or construction worker. Doesn't matter if they, if they believe those things. I just think for too long we've chased the Harvard degree or the this. You gotta be this, you gotta do that.


I feel like that's not even relevant anymore. It's not. It's not. It's what are you doing inside your home with your family and with your life and your faith and your beliefs and are you willing to defend them? And, and I and and that feels like the moment we're in right now. Yeah. What would you say, do these Christian schools cost money? They do. What would you say to the single mom who's working two jobs with two or three kids who can't afford that? How do they combat this? Have you thought about that? Much harder, of course. Much harder, thankfully. So classical Christian, I'll just use that as an example. There's a lot of Christian nominally Christian schools we know that are Christian, but they're the same progressive SEC schools as everywhere else.


Got the same nonsense. And they usually cost 40, $50,000 a year. They're totally unattainable because classical Christian schools are, it's a mission-driven environment. They're much lower tuition now. Still not, still not nothing. But you're talking a fourth or a fifth of these big schools tuitions. So it is more affordable. A lot of them also have scholarship programs where they say, Hey, if you don't have the needs, our mission is to get your kids in here. So we want to try to find a way to meet those needs. There's also reductions for every additional kid, usually in the tuition cost of most of these schools. That said, it's still probably unaffordable for a lot of people.


School choice and school vouchers is, you know, find a state if you can that provides that. Take advantage of it. Take that money and put it where you wanna put it. Are There states doing that? Yes. What states? Absolutely. Florida's one of them. West Virginia is one of them. Arkansas is soon to be one of them. Arizona was just became one of them. Iowa's one of them. And I'm gonna hear from Cory DeAngelos and others who can gimme the whole list. But there's a, there's a bunch of them now There's, is there any talk about this here? We're trying Tennessee. Yes. In fact it failed in the legislature last turnaround. Lemme know when you want me to get loud. All good. I mean, you know, the problem with Tennessee is that everyone's Republicans but some are less Republican than others.


Well I figured that out. Yeah, You I, it took me a while to figure that out, but now I figured, figured it out. So there's some squishes that are, that have been in the pockets of unions for too long and too many powerful positions. You a few changes and a few committees. And I think you'll get universal school choice in Tennessee, which would be awesome. Changes the whole game. So that single mom now has real options. Who do we talk to about that? Well there's gonna, I think it's Bill Lee's trying to do it. I don't know that what he's doing will be as robust as a lot of people want. There's a big governor's race in 26 and I think that race in large part could end up being fought with this being one of the key issues. So for me as a, when I look at candidates, I'd be looking for candidates that are the most full throat and robust on that And.


then you have to make sure you have an education committee in the house and Senate that is a, has a school choice believer. But there's been a huge wave 20 22, 20 23 of school choice states, And. then the final thing I write in the book is kind of, hey look at your own life. Like, and I mentioned it briefly, like, can you save money? Can you work another job? Can you drive a little further? Can you do something? And I know that's just a dig deep thing, but for that mom who loves her kids and can't homeschool, but is that a little extra effort to make sure that that is eight hours a day you're able to go as opposed to ringing your fingers and hoping they don't come home with a new, you know, pronoun is worth it.


And again, that's not an answer necessarily, but, but your point's well taken. I know not everybody can do it. And so if you absolutely can't do it, then just be vigilant. Just be vigilant as all hell just be all over what your kids are bringing home in their backpack. Take the damn phone outta their hand, take it out. Don't get no phones. You know, we've got a, we've got a blended family so it can come with some complications. But for our policies, all in no phones. 14, no phones. Nice. None. Nice. And we, we, we did the summer with no video games and no TV too. It was beautiful. It was the Best. Nice. Nobody would your kids be saying that? Oh no, no. Absolutely not. My three oldest boys were like, oh, they gave up asking for the Xbox three weeks into the summer And.


then they forgot about it and they didn't play it that much anyway. 'cause we never allowed 'em to really do that. And. then you, I look at TV and I go, you can't even allow your kids Netflix kids or YouTube kids. Yeah, you can't. And so the, the the list of things that I will allow them to watch on a streaming service, Fox Nation. But even then a lot of that is like, is more oriented toward adults. You've got Angel Studios, you've got a few, you know, value a lot, but really nothing. So why, why am I just turn it off or watch an old timey movie or whatever when we want to And don don't know. I just think the phone kids' brains are not developed to handle that. Yeah. I don't want a portal of the world in inside them.


So last thing, And, then I'll shut up. You can send 'em to classical Christian school to homeschool them, but if you give 'em a phone, you're gonna lose 'cause they're gonna get it somewhere else. That's a damn good point. You Gotta have reinforcing sectors of fire. You, your home life, your digital life, your school life, your church life should be, you should try to align them as much as possible. 'cause a big part of when I look back at, you know, my parents are the best and I have no criticism of it, but my church life was over here and my school life was over here and they didn't really touch. And I was able to say, well I'm, I'm a Christian, but with a secular core really. And that that changes how you operate in life going forward. And so, you know, 20 years later you look back and you go, man, interesting.


Yeah. You know, where was Christ in all of that in my own life. And, but everything happens for a reason. So, so This school choice, they're actually, they're given vouchers out, Not in every state. Some it's tax credits, but in some, I I'll have to get back to you and get the list of the states, but there are a number of states where they're called educational tax credits or educational savings accounts. See, politicians are scared to call 'em vouchers. 'cause vouchers have been demonized so much. So call it an education savings account or something. But a dedicated amount of money, six, seven, $8,000 is given to a parent via per kid. And in Tennessee it was gonna be I think six or 7,000. Nice.


And, then it got, it got defeated in the process. There were two competing bills. There was a senate bill and a house bill. And they weren't, they didn't get reconciled and they both failed or whatever. So I'm hopeful. Is it, is it, is it cash or is it this has to be spent on education? It has to be spent on education. However, most states, a lot of states, and I believe Tennessee would include things like homeschooling, homeschooling materials, other forms of education, And, then of course tuition. I mean they, I guess what I'm getting at is they actually check up on yes, your spending this on education and not going to the liquor store. Right. That would be an important thing to, to check.


Yeah. I don't know what the oversight parameters are on that, but again, that, that's where it gets a little scary, right? 'cause if the dollars are coming to me And, then the government gets to check where I'm spending them. Then does the government get a say over where I'm spending them and if I'm spending them? That's a good point. But I think you could set it up like a HSA healthcare plan where, you know, you, you can put, what, $8,000 a year for a, for a family into the plan And. then it has to be spent on, it has to be spent on healthcare. So ESA instead of an HSA is what they usually call an, an educational savings account. So it has to be spent on education. Okay. Is is how it's structured ab it's not cash. Okay.


It's, but I, I don't, I don't want any part of the government telling me what education is. Now education doesn't mean going to the liquor, liquor store. But you have to set some parameters I guess at some level. But I don't want it. Some you could, you could envision someday saying, well if your school doesn't reinforce transgender issues or whatever, then you are a discriminatory institution. And because you're a discriminatory institution, you no longer qualify for federal funds, which means you're no longer an educational institution. So I've had debates with a lot of earnest, wonderful education people that say, I don't want vouchers or educational savings accounts. 'cause the minute the government, the minute the king gives you something, the king can take it away.


And so they're skeptical, but I, I still just think the net positive for all those mothers and fathers who you're talking about is so much higher. And ultimately, if you don't wanna take the ESA, you wouldn't have to. And you could go to the whatever school you want to and you just have to pay out of pocket. I just think there's so many people that would love an alternative to government schools and they just can't afford it. I got an idea. I've thought a lot about this. I'd love to pitch it to you. Maybe you can tell me I'm crazy or not. But you know, and I think the, the good thing about this is, is it can, well I'll just, I'll just tell you. I mean the thing that I, we're, we're really worried about this, the schooling stuff and, and 'cause it's, it has, I mean I know you say everybody moving here is, you know, not everybody, You're right.


Things alike. But I sure have seen a lot of changes in seven years. But the way we invited a a like our, our inner circle over to the house and 'cause everybody's talking about this in our inner circle. Everybody's got kids that are around the same age, three or under. And we thought, why don't we all pitch in and buy a piece of property, put it into a trust and make it a, like a, a a group real estate investment And. then we'll build a structure on it could be a house, could be anything that's a school. It's going to be used as a school, but it's not a school And.


then whatever amount that you pitch in. So let's say, I don't know, we got a hundred thousand dollars piece of land just for easy numbers and there's a structure already on it. And you put in 50,000, you put in 10,000 and I put in 40,000. You have 50%, 10%, 40% of the investment. Our kids all go to, to the school there to, they happen to go to school in our real estate investment. Hire a teacher, everybody pitches in or you don't hire a teacher. And I teach one day, you teach one day, you teach one day. You find people that have unique skills. I mean, finance is obviously something lacking in the educational system.


Everybody's drowning and dead. You, you see what I'm getting at. Right? And so, but that can expand to, look, maybe you don't have 50 grand or 10,000 or 40,000 to put it on the investment. Well then you need more people. Maybe you can get, maybe you rent a place, maybe there is no place. And this just goes from house to house to house. So the single mom on the day off, you're teaching. You know, and, and I guess what I'm getting at is community. And this can be, you know, you can make it a real estate investment. It has to stay a real estate investment and not a school that way. There is no government oversight. No, this isn't a school, this is an investment and we rent this out to, I don't know, kids or, you know, whatever.


But what do you think of that? I don't understand the, I it sounds exactly at the end. It sounds At the end of the school. I forgot, sorry. At the end of the school though, the asset liquidates And then that's how you know the investment has matured. And so your 50 grand is now worth 150 grand. Yep, yep. You Know, I like that. It sounds almost precisely like something like minus the real estate side precisely to classical conversations or what homeschool co-ops and pods are doing. This idea that like-minded groups of people get together, they work together. There might be a coordinator, but they work together based on their skills and ability to teach their kid a lot of the time.


But then bring in this person or bring in that person or move to a different house or once a week meet up, Have some really well-rounded kids. Absolutely. That's in that module. That's now the real estate side of it is interesting. And I I've never thought of that aspect of it. I'm, I that's another way to get out from underneath feeling like the government's gonna have say over it. But thankfully, I mean they tried to outlaw homeschooling in the sixties or seventies out in Oregon and, and, and the Supreme Court affirmed the ability for family. So it's a pretty enshrined protected Right. Right now, the left would love to get rid of the left, would love to get rid of homeschooling and all private schools. Yeah, they would, they would make everything a government school if they could Medicare for all department of education for all if they could.


PS 8,493 is what they would like if they could. So I don't mean to be dismissive about the right that we have right now, but right now if you wanna homeschool is pretty robust Yeah. To be able to do it. But I like that idea. I mean the, but even just the idea of starting that and expanding that, like people will be attracted to that. Yeah. Oh my goodness. I Sean's involved in that. I respect that. I like that. Well, they're involved. Boom. And, then you start to get a a as long as you maintain your standards and what you want it to, what you believe in. I mean, that's the key. Culture protection is key. It's just amazing to watch all these schools Yeah. That, that were traditionally this or traditionally that.


I mentioned Harvard, like it was founded to train ministers in the, in, in, when it was, when it church was it really? Yes. It was founded to train. That's humorous though. Ministers. Wow. And so the last straw for me when I sent my degree back was, I mean there were a thousand straws, but then it was finally Harvard announced that its head chaplain was going to, was its new head chaplain. Was an atheist. I was like, really? That's interesting. That's Interesting. Yeah. Sounds like the dumbest shit I've ever heard. Yeah. I'm out. You know. Yeah. and so I tore my diploma out on Live on the Air and signed it and wrote back and, and I have obviously not heard back from him, but I mean, iteratively over time, over hundreds of years an institution founded on one thing became something else.


And we have that job, a culture protection for people of faith and conservatives and Christians and patriots is key. Once you give on one thing, oh, this aspect of the First Amendment or this aspect of the Second Amendment, or, or we're gonna start doing a little bit of DEFA little bit. You, you just keep giving and pretty soon you give your way all the way to We have no, no, we have no, no defense anymore. Yeah. Let's just see it time and time again. Yeah. Well I like planting these seeds 'cause It's good. It's a good idea. We're looking for ideas and you know, just watch it grow and, and Well it's, it's spoken like a businessman. Yeah. You know, why not make a little money while we educate the kids too?


Yeah. But, well, Pete, I know we're under a time constraint and I just, I just really appreciate you coming out Likewise. And what a great conversation. I hope to see you again. Well I appreciate everything you've done, you continue to do and, and Thank you for giving voice to those Raven 23 guys. And being a pla I can't, like I told you, I can't tell you how many guys said you gotta sit down with Sean and see what he's doing there. You got huge respect and you know that Thank you, I appreciate everything you stand for. Alright Pete, you got It. Thanks brother.


Hey, it's Rich Eisen here. Join me and my compadre Chris Brockman. Every Monday on the Overreaction Monday podcast, Rich Jameis has taken the Browns to the playoffs. Dude, why can't they win seven, eight games to finish the year? Why not? I'm not saying it's no, why not? But this is a definitive statement that's clearly an overreaction in his perfect fodder for a show like this one. I appreciate you coming outta the gate hot. Come react or overreact with us Overreaction Monday, wherever you listen. It's game over, over man.