SkinnyPop Popcorn (2s):
This episode is brought to you by Skinny Pop Popcorn perfectly popped, endlessly Delicious. Oh, so light and crunchy. Skinny Pop Original popcorn is the snack you've been searching for. Made with just three simple ingredients, popcorn kernel, sunflower oil, and salt snacking. Never felt or tasted so good. Perfectly popped. Endlessly delicious. Give yourself permission to snack and pick up Skinny Pop Original Popcorn today.

Hubspot (30s):
Being a marketer's, no sweat. You just have to manage dozens of channels. Launch hundreds of campaigns, score thousands of leads, and okay, fine. It's a lot of sweat unless you have HubSpot's AI powered marketing tools. To help you do all that and more, get started at hubspot.com/marketers.

3 (51s):
Blake Cook, welcome to the show, man. thanks

4 (54s):
For having me, Sean. It's an honor to be here.

3 (55s):
It's an honor to have you. Yeah. Thank you. So we met through Kyle. Yep. Kyle Morgan. Awesome. One of my favorite guests ever on the show.

4 (1m 5s):
He's phenomenal human

3 (1m 7s):
And he is man. He is. And he connected with us. And, and I know you guys are working together. Yep. And I'm just really thankful that, that, that he made that connection. 'cause I've been looking forward to this interview since we spoke, so appreciate it. So welcome to the show. But, so I wanna do a, just a full blown life story with you. And I know you have a lot to say to the, to the law enforcement community especially. Yep. I think a lot of those guys, the ones that are left anyways, are going through some, some tough times with everything ones with everything's changing.

3 (1m 48s):
And, and man, it's just a shame what, what has happened over the past, what, four or five years in law enforcement, is that when it started, the whole 2020 defund, the police movement defund

4 (2m 2s):
The police. The after, after the George Floyd incident is when it just, it just spiraled downhill,

3 (2m 15s):
Man. That's Well, people are feeling it. Yeah. People are seeing it. This is what happens when you shit on the cops. I mean,

4 (2m 24s):
Crime is up nationwide.

3 (2m 25s):
It's crazy. I mean, I see these, I see these videos in, whereas at San Francisco where people are just looting

4 (2m 33s):
Mall, that's mind blowing. The

3 (2m 34s):
Mall, they're losing, they're looting. The department stores Apple store. I mean, I've seen reels of them just walking in Apple stores and just

4 (2m 43s):
Jewelry stores smashing glass and then just leaving.

3 (2m 46s):
It's crazy.

4 (2m 47s):
That's not, somebody has to pay for that.

3 (2m 49s):
Yeah. Yeah.

4 (2m 51s):
I would be, I'd be infuriated if I was a owner of a store in one of those cities. I mean, what

3 (2m 56s):
Do you even do as a cop? Honest question? What do you do as a law enforcement officer when that's happening?

4 (3m 2s):
I feel so sorry. Yeah.

3 (3m 2s):
If you try to, if you try to do anything, they're gonna send you to jail for enforcing the law.

4 (3m 7s):
It's, I feel so sorry for people, for law enforcement officers in those areas, because, you know, God forbid I had this conversation, those guys, their job is to escape by any means necessary. They're very brave and they're bold. They have no respect. They're broad daylight, smashing glass, grabbing thousands of dollars of merchandise and then leaving. We show up. What are we supposed to do? Ask them nicely. No, we have to chase them. We have to go hands on with them. And if they fight us and we have to use force now, the, the mayor or the, the governor, God forbid, or the police chief, they're gonna say, well, why didn't need let 'em go?

4 (3m 56s):
Was the, is that a hill you want to die on? Yeah, it is. Because you know what? I was hired to enforce the law. Not different laws that you want me to enforce. I was hired and took an oath To do my duty and to protect the laws and to protect innocent folks who are trying to make a living. Yes. Did they physically harm anybody? No. But that store owner has to come out of pocket for that. you know, that hurts that family. That hurts the employee's families. They're not gonna get paid. Maybe they get laid off because of it. Maybe the store shuts down. It has a domino effect.

4 (4m 36s):
Yes. They didn't hurt nobody physically, but somebody has to deal with that. How about the PTSD? They just caused those people inside of there. They thought that they could have died.

3 (4m 47s):
That's

4 (4m 47s):
Point. I mean, they're getting robbed.

3 (4m 49s):
That is a good

4 (4m 50s):
Point. Her job as law enforcement officers is Absolutely, I'm gonna chase you down and you're going to jail. But unfortunately, those cops, this is their career too. This is how they feed their family. A lot of cops are not going to go, if they don't have the backing man, they're gonna sit there and watch it happen.

3 (5m 13s):
I mean, I, I can't blame 'em. I mean,

4 (5m 15s):
It puts food on their, on, on their table. I mean,

3 (5m 17s):
Some of these, some I Here's another question. I I mean a lot of, there was a lot of people on the band, on the bandwagon for defunding the police. Yeah. A ton of them. you know, now they're having to live in this shit. I mean, do you, do you feel bad for 'em? You don't have to answer. No, I

4 (5m 44s):
Don't feel bad for 'em. You know, that's, it's not fair to judge all of us off of one individual's actions. Let's take ownership that, that man was also a criminal. Now, I don't believe that a knee should have been in his back. He's in handcuffs. You could have put hands on the shoulders. There's, there's three of you there. Somebody grab his feet, somebody grab his shoulders until we can get a wrap to put him in. There's way better ways to handle that situation. But we all got judged based off of one police officer's action. Law enforcement officers were killed during those riots. People were more still mourning their, their, their husbands and wives that were killed based off another person's actions.

4 (6m 29s):
And because you went out and said, defund the police. I think it's, I think it went national that the most of the big movements of the BLM like spent the money that was donated to them on like houses and cars. Like Yeah. Yeah. They don't care about their people.

3 (6m 46s):
I know. It's hilarious.

4 (6m 46s):
You're putting your own city down. It's hilarious. It's like, what are you doing? And, and, but I guess if you put it into perspective as police officers are like commercial airline pilots, you can't have a bad, bad pilot. 'cause if you have a bad pilot and he crashes and kills a bunch of people, people are gonna be like, wow, those guys aren't trained at that airline. Yeah. you know, we're not gonna fly that airline no more. We can't have bad cops. And you know how you stop that is when good cops, whether you're young or not, you step up and you stop it immediately. You be brave and you be bold and you stand for what you believe in. And that is doing the right thing. That's how you stop that.

4 (7m 26s):
Yeah. If I would've been there that I would ask him to get his knee off his back. And if he refused, I would've jerked him off of him and told him to stand by the car. Somebody should have done that. But nobody did. Nobody was bold and brave. So now, four years later, now look at us. Crime is through the roof, murders throughout the country. Robberies. Man, I'm gonna tell you something. Everybody should known a gun. My fastest response time as a police officer was like seven minutes. And Now that we live in a time where criminals are, are, are, are braver than law enforcement officers. It's scary, man. you know, it is. I carry, it's why I carry everywhere I go.

3 (8m 8s):
Me too. Me too. I'm very thankful about for, for this town though. Franklin Williamson County. They do not fuck around. Here's nice.

4 (8m 16s):
Yeah. I like this place, man. Me too. Did a little history last night laying in the bed. Try not to think about all the episode and all that. And this is a very historical place.

3 (8m 25s):
Oh yeah. It's awesome. Front lines of the Civil War right there. Yeah.

4 (8m 28s):
Yeah.

3 (8m 29s):
There's a Chick-fil-A down the road, pretty new. And when they broke ground there, they found the remains of, of like 12 soldiers from the Civil War. I

4 (8m 39s):
Love American history. I was reading and there was a old plantation house here that still has blood bloodstains.

3 (8m 44s):
Oh yeah.

4 (8m 45s):
On the floors from Confederate soldiers. 'cause I guess they had turned it into a, a hospital. Yeah. Man, that's, that's so cool.

3 (8m 51s):
Lot of history here, but All, right. Blake, let's, let's do it, let's dive in. So everybody gets an intro here. So Blake Cook,

4 (8m 60s):
Can we, can we start a prayer?

3 (9m 1s):
Would you like to start with a prayer?

4 (9m 3s):
I do. I would like start with prayer.

3 (9m 4s):
Absolutely. Let's do it.

4 (9m 5s):
Dear Heavenly Father, God, ask you Lord to be with us during this interview. Lord, I ask that you speak through me to, to whoever needs to receive this God I give you thanks for bringing Sean into my life. I give you thanks for allowing him and giving him this platform to use for the good God. I, I'm, I'm so grateful for you. There's a song that says that evil, that the, the devil tries to bring evil. But you turn it for good. And I'm, I'm beyond blessed. Thank you Lord, for everything you do for us.

4 (9m 47s):
Lord, we give you the honor, the praise, the glory, and the love forever. Amen.

3 (9m 52s):
I would just like to add that I pray that this message that Blake is about to share with us goes exactly where it needs to go. I hope it is full of positivity for the current and future law enforcement officers that are about to serve and, and are serving in the United States and, and all across the world.

4 (10m 16s):
Amen. Amen.

3 (10m 19s):
Thank you for that. Yeah. That felt good.

4 (10m 22s):
Gotta give him the glory, man. 'cause I'm telling you something, I'm not, I don't feel deserving of this, but I'm here because he wants me to be here,

3 (10m 30s):
So. Well, you do deserve it, man. Thank

4 (10m 32s):
You.

3 (10m 33s):
I hope you start thinking about that with everything you do. I, I think, I think there are a lot of people that never achieve what they want to achieve because they don't feel that they deserve it. And just knowing the little bit that I do know about you from, from reviewing the outline and digging into your background, you deserve every piece of good that's coming to you.

4 (11m 1s):
I appreciate that. So,

3 (11m 3s):
And I'm sure that Jesus would, would say the same thing.

4 (11m 9s):
Yeah. Jesus shows wild, wild man. It's true.

3 (11m 14s):
Blake Cook, four years as Army Infantry in the 82nd Airborne Division. You are a Purple Heart recipient for an IED explosion in Afghanistan. You're a former gun gang and cartel detective and a SWAT team member in Fayetteville, North Carolina. You have attempted suicide more than once. You're a follower of Jesus Christ and recently baptized in 2023. Congratulations. Thank you. You are one year sober from alcohol. Congratulations. You received the 2018 Gang Unit of the Year award. You were the recipient of the 2023 Investigative Achievement Award issued by the United States Attorney's Office.

3 (12m 0s):
You are currently the le director of operations and lead CQB instructor at Blue Varying Solutions. And you've been married for 12 and a half years. And the father of one son who's 16 years old,

4 (12m 15s):
That's me.

3 (12m 16s):
Quite the, quite the intro. How did you meet Kyle?

4 (12m 22s):
Man? Let's save that.

3 (12m 25s):
You wanna save that? Let's save

4 (12m 26s):
That

3 (12m 27s):
All. right? We'll save

4 (12m 28s):
That, Kyle, because it's, it's a testimony man of of the power that of of God I want to, let's save that.

3 (12m 41s):
We'll save it. We'll save it. Yeah. So I have a Patreon. I know you and Kyle do too, over at Blue Bearing. So everybody goes,

4 (12m 50s):
I'm subscribe to your Patreon.

3 (12m 51s):
Go check that out. But we ask, so our Patreons, they've been with us forever. They're our top supporters. Without them, I wouldn't be sitting here and neither would you be. Yeah. So one of the things I do is I give them the opportunity to ask each guest a question. So this is gonna be a heavy interview, so we pick something a little lighter.

4 (13m 15s):
Okay.

3 (13m 16s):
This is from Luke. What is the most embarrassing thing that happened to you during your law enforcement career? Oh

4 (13m 22s):
Dude. Oh man. I have a good one for that. One. Did a search warrant one time on a gang house. It was a non-traditional gang, which means it wasn't a gang that was, you know, it's like a neighborhood clip. Right. The guy that we were going after, he was distributing stolen guns from soldiers to, to all the little hoodlums. So we went and did a search warrant, mom, I mean, just a horrible area in Fayetteville called Meson Road. So we go there, we execute the search warrant, the gang unit, not not the tech team. And we're searching through everything. And that morning, my bungee on my radio pouch had broken and I was like, ah, you know, whatever.

4 (14m 4s):
It'll, it'll be fine. So we're about to wrap up. I'm searching a closet and I've bend down to grab something and I guess it had fallen off and I didn't know had it turned off, I'm in the house. And so I'm, we wrap up, we leave taking the evidence to to, to the station. And I'm driving down Meson Road. And man, I hear, Hey, Mr. Police, man, you left your walkie talkie at my house. And I'm like, I'm like, oh man, somebody's in trouble with an idiot with an idiot.

4 (14m 49s):
I'm like, oh man, somebody's about to be in a lot of trouble. And she is just on it. And next thing I know, both of my cell phones, my personal, my work number's ringing. I answer and it's my supervisor. And he's like, Hey man, hey man. Hey, check, check. See if you got your radio. I'm, Hey dude, I got my radio bro. I'm like, I got, I got my radio. Oh shit. And he's like, no, no, for real. Get hands on. I'm like, All, right. So I'm driving, I'm feeling it. Pull my vest up. I don't see it. My heart drops in my stomach. So I turn around, I pull over, I look, can't find it. I'm like, Hey, that's my radio. And I whip that car around and I am, I am blue license sirens to this house.

4 (15m 30s):
'cause she's on it. She is. She is talking shit. She is, she is just solid because I mean, this is, this is not like a channel just for us. This is a channel four. Oh shit. That district, she's on the radio. She's on my radio that I dropped my police radio. Oh shit. I thought you meant this is the station calling you No, no, no. On your cell phone. So she found my radio after we left the search warrant and turned it on and was now was on that district station. Like dispatchers are trying to dispatch officers to calls. They can't because she's on it. Could you hear it in the car? I had an in-car radio. I could hear it. Oh shit. That's why I started laughing. I was like, what an idiot.

4 (16m 11s):
Somebody's in trouble. Oh my God. I mean, I'll whip that thing around by the time I get back to the house, the whole hood's out there. Everybody, man, I get out the car, she's holding that radio by the antenna. She goes, she goes here, piggy, piggy, piggy piggy here, piggy, piggy, piggy piggy Sean. I felt this big. My tattoos didn't matter. My beard didn't matter. My long hair didn't matter. Nothing mattered. I was so humiliated. I had to walk over and was like, sorry about that.

4 (16m 51s):
Got my radio, got back in my car. But man, I had, I told everybody the story every day. I would have Miss Piggy, I would take it down the next morning. It would go right back on my desk. It was so embarrassing because I mean, you're talking a, a channel for that district. Not just a channel for our unit, but for that district. So everybody, oh man, police chief, everybody in my chain of command, all the patrol officers who look up to us, I mean, I, it is what it is. I knitted to it, you know, thank God I didn't get punished because they realized that I was humiliated. Yeah. Because when I got out, I had to turn my body camera on to make sure they didn't allow on me.

4 (17m 34s):
So the whole interaction was on camera. The whole miss piggy, piggy piggy that was like, man, everything. So they're like, man, we we're not gonna write you up for this one. We feel like that you're, you're, I'm like, Hey man, thanks. Yep. I'm, I'm really humiliated

3 (17m 49s):
And I'm sure I'm never gonna live this down. Damn. But yeah, that's it, man. That's, that's the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to me. That's a good one. It was awful. That's a good one. It was awful. Wow. Wow. Well, hey, before we, before

5 (18m 1s):
We dive in here, one last thing. Everybody gets a gift on the show.

3 (18m 6s):
Yeah. Any guesses? Gummy bears. Man, I was hoping you wouldn't mess that one up, man, I watched the episodes. Oh, these are awesome. There they

5 (18m 17s):
Are. Legal in all 50 states. Still

3 (18m 21s):
Probably shouldn't be with all the sugar and shit in there, but Sorry. But hey, they taste

5 (18m 26s):
Amazing.

3 (18m 27s):
I love gummy bears, man. Cool. Yeah. Thank you for that. All, right,

5 (18m 33s):
All right. Here's where it starts getting heavy

3 (18m 35s):
From

5 (18m 36s):
Here on out.

3 (18m 37s):
But we'll

5 (18m 38s):
Take any humor. But yeah. So once again Blake, we wanna do a life story. So we always start at the very beginning.

3 (18m 47s):
Where'd you grow up?

Black Buffalo (18m 48s):
When I was in the SEAL teams, I loved to dip. I spent a lot of time on operations and dipping was a ritual. So if it's a ritual for you too, I get it. If you're an adult age 21 or older and use nicotine or tobacco, I want to tell you about an American brand. Black buffalo, black buffalo's, nicotine pouches do not contain tobacco leaf or stem, but they are packed with tons of flavor and nicotine. The magic of black buffalo is they discovered a way to make cured edible green leaves behave like the texture of tobacco and have classic flavors. You're in good company if you roam with a black buffalo herd. The business was built by dippers with decades of smokeless tobacco use. They manufactured their tobacco alternatives with respect for those products that came before them. Bold flavors, full pouches, metal lids, and a brand that stands for something America. Their products are also proudly endorsed by many, myself included. If you're 21 and older, consume nicotine or tobacco, join the herd and head over to black buffalo.com to learn more. You can order online and they ship directly to most states or check out their store locator to purchase pouches at thousands of locations around the country. Black buffalo, an American brand and pouches worth respect. Warning, this product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Black buffalo. Buffalo products are intended for adults age 21 and older who are consumers of nicotine or tobacco.

Helix (20m 20s):
Folks, there's a great deal to motivate you to take action, to improve your sleep. Now my friends at Helix are offering an amazing deal just for my listeners. You've seen that I've been on the road traveling a lot this year and always looking forward to coming home to my own bed and getting a good night's sleep. Hotels can be great, but there's nothing like knowing I will get back to my regular sleep patterns once I come home to my Helix mattress. My wife and I spent time searching for the right fit for our lifestyle and Helix made it super easy. In just a few minutes, the Helix team learns about your sleep patterns and recommends the right mattress for you so you can get the perfect match from the position you sleep in to your body type or your unique needs. Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. And just for my listeners, they're offering 25% off site-wide, plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase And. if you purchase any luxe or elite mattress, you'll get a free bedding bundle that includes two dream pillows, a sheet set, and a mattress protector. Visit Helix sleep.com/ss to start your match today. That's Helix sleep.com/ss.

4 (21m 38s):
I grew up in a small town in West Virginia called Palmville, West Virginia. Thousand people max in my hometown, 18,000 in the county. So real small town, everybody knew everybody. you know, the, you start daycare with the same people that you graduate with. So, you know, for, for 13, 14 years, it's the same friends. It's the same people every day. Even in the summer, it's, we all lived next to each other. So it was a, it was, it was, it was a cool place to grow up. Windows open, doors open, ride your bikes wherever, till whenever, you know, we didn't have crime, you know, just, just rednecks, you know.

4 (22m 22s):
So it was a, it was a great place to grow up. I grew up in a split house. you know, the, the only memory that I have of my mom and dad ever together. My mom was trying to leave and my dad was punching a hole in the wall, screaming and yelling. It's the only memory I have of them together. And so they got a divorce when I was young, you know, three or four. And my dad built a house right next door right beside my mom. And that was kind of cool. Why'd they get divorced? My dad cheated. Yeah. So my mom had a lot of hatred towards him, but she ultimately left him because he, he was a cheater.

4 (23m 7s):
He cheated on her. So were you close with both? I am growing up, yeah. I was close with both. My mom was phenomenal, man. To this day I still wish her happy Father's Day. She, she did her best. She was young. She was I think maybe 21, 20 when she had us. I remember she'd take me to college with her to community college so she could get her degree. I remember the only memory I have of it was your mom would take you to school to community college. Yep. So that she could get her degree. She'd get her degree. And I remember brothers and sisters. I have a brother. I have an older brother. He's four years older than me.

4 (23m 49s):
I love him more than anything. He was, he's always protected me, always. We're complete different. He's well dressed, skinnier little fellow. He's an attorney. I, here I am looking like a convicted felon. But you know, ultimately, man, we, we at the core, we're the same, we're the same person. He's, even to this day, he's, he still looks out for me. He's one of my biggest role models. So he is a phenomenal father. He's a great husband. He's just a, a great human. So I have a half-sister and, and a half-brother from, from my dad's. you know, we don't consider, I don't consider 'em that they're my brother and sister. But when my dad got remarried, he started another family.

4 (24m 33s):
But my dad building a house right next to us, it was cool as a kid 'cause we would for us, right? We would just go back and forth whenever. But man, it caused a lot of drama, you could say, because my mom and my stepmom didn't get along and, you know, there were, there was constant arguing in the driveways I remember. And, and you know, I would say that, that they were more of the instigators on it. you know, my dad liked to, even though that they weren't together, like my dad still pushed my mom's buttons. I remember one time I was going to school and, and my stepmom or somebody had called down to the house while mom said something to her on the phone.

4 (25m 19s):
And, and my mom was taking us to school and my stepmom comes running out the house by my mom down the stairs. And my mom was like, she, she worked out every day. Like she wasn't a typical woman. She was raising two boys and she worked out every day and, and she was a social worker, so she was constantly dealing with drug addicts and stuff. Anyways, so she stayed fit and she had these heels on. Man, I remember my stepmom getting to the bottom of her steps and my mom just snapped her up in a headlock. I'm like a kid watching this though. As at, at a young kid. It's, now I laugh about it, right? But as a kid it was kind of scary, you know, it was kind of like, what in the hell is going on?

4 (25m 59s):
And then my dad come down running down the stairs. You bitch, you better let her go. You better let her go, man. He got close to my mom. My mom stuck him heels so far in his chest, just, just took the breath out of him. And then, then they just ended up splitting ways and trying to call the police or whatever. But, you know, it was always some type of, of, you know, if they were both in the driveway together, it was always like anxiety. Like, let's just hurry up and get in the car. you know, like my mom did a very good job at protecting us from it. But it was, it, it was always there. And you know, as a kid, that can be very traumatizing to, to always have that anxiety of let's just hurry up and get in the car.

4 (26m 39s):
Let's, oh, I hope mom and dad don't, don't talk. Like, like if we were going out to the car and they were, were going out in the car, like, it was always just like, please, like, can we just not fight? And, and my mom was always the bigger person and we get in the car. But it was always something, man,

3 (26m 55s):
Why did they not get along? Was was, is your stepmom who your father

4 (26m 59s):
Had an affair with? Man, that's, that's, you know, you know. Yeah. Like my stepmom, my stepmom some weird shit. My stepmom was 16 when my dad started dating her. My dad was like in his thirties. So it kind of was start, it kind of tarnished our name a little bit. And now thinking about my older brother, my older brother is only a few years younger than her. So there was always that, there was always that him and her, they never got along. There was one time Father's Day, we would always go up there.

4 (27m 41s):
My mom would, 'cause he had, he had every other weekend. So we'd have to go stay with him. And my mom would, would leave, maybe go on vacation with her friends or, or something, maybe go outta town and, and we would stay with him. And, you know, my brother and my stepmom would always get into an argument. I mean, hell, she was only a few years older than him. Then my dad would always take her side. My dad, my whole life has always taken women over us or you know, always put women first over his children. And he, in, in Father's Day, I, I'll never forget this Father's Day, she had said something to him, Tony is, she was going to whoop his ass or something. And my brother was like, dude, you're like two years.

4 (28m 21s):
You're like three years older than me. Four years older than me. What are you talking about? So my brother picked up a, a two liter of Mountain Dew and chucked it at her. And he came over and got me and said, Hey, we're gonna stay at the house. And they ended up calling the police on him. And there was a, a cop at the time named Jim Hall who came up there and put my 13-year-old brother in handcuffs. Put him in the back of a cop car over that you called the police on your own son because of, of something that he did that you caused by marrying somebody that was only two years, three years older than him. And so it was constant, like my mom would leave, we would go up to my dad's for a few hours and then me and my brother would go down to the house.

4 (29m 5s):
'cause it was just, it was always something. It was always something. And my brother would cook for us. He'd take care of us. And then when, when, you know, my mom would, we would call my mom the, the day that she was coming back home. And we'd be, Hey mom, we just came down to the house. We know you're coming home that day. you know, she had no idea that we were doing that. But it was, he was, my brother was protecting me from, from the toxic environment. He's, he's, he's always protected me.

3 (29m 34s):
Damn.

4 (29m 35s):
And you know, and I'm not saying that the whole childhood when my dad was bad, 'cause that, that would be a lie. you know, there were great times. you know, we would have Nerf gun wars and things like that. But, you know, and he was a good dad growing up. He, he would play basketball. He'd teach me how to play basketball and things like that. But, you know, there was always something, right. There was always something that would, that would happen. That would run it always. And, and, and it is just, and my mom did a great job at protecting us from that too. She tried to limit our time as much as possible. But, you know, I'm not gonna sit here and just beat my dad down. But, 'cause there were good times. He, he ran our, our community pool and he, he would take us down for night swims and, and I mean there were great, great things, but as we always felt like that, we were just second because he had started a new family and we were just secondary.

4 (30m 30s):
And, and, and that was a lot of my childhood until I became a young teenager. You know, he, he, I was, I've been playing sports since I was young, like super young. And basketball was always my thing. And you know, we won every, every, you know, as a kid it was cool. But we won every county championship until I was in the eighth grade. And the only games that my dad would really attend were the ones that were, IM Pineville, you know? And, and, and then when I got into the eighth grade, there was a, we won our county championship basketball game. And there was a guy in the stands that, that had known me forever.

4 (31m 12s):
He said, Hey, once you come try out for football, the way you move and how physical you are, you might be a great football player. I was like, man, I never played football. I don't wanna get hit like that. I don't know if I'm tough like that. So my mom signed me up and I started playing football. And, and the, my first time ever on the field, man, one of my really good buddies, Nick Aniko came over, hit me so hard, put me off my feet and took my, took my, my breath out. He's like, Hey man, welcome to high school football. I was like, dude, I gotta get in the weight room. I gotta get good. I suck. I suck at this. I'm outta my comfort zone. And then, man, I, I quit baseball. They only had me at baseball.

4 (31m 52s):
They only kept me around. I sucked at baseball motor. My motor brother's name's Jr. His best friend Derrick Bolt. Literally they thought it would be funny. Derrick was like six two in, in like 11, 12 years old. Threw a fast ball, hit me right in the net. I wouldn't stay in a battle's box ever again. I didn't want to hit, I don't want you to hit me in the neck again. I don't want nothing to do with it. They came me around 'cause I was fast and they could sub me in a run bases. And so finally my freshman year I was like, Hey Chief, I'm not playing baseball no more. He's like, why? I was like, look, me and you both know I suck. I'm gonna work out for football. And I dedicated like a lot of time in high school to, for football, working out in football.

4 (32m 34s):
I was already pretty decent in basketball. And then man, my junior year I started getting really good at football really good. And then when I started getting good and my name started getting in the paper, then my dad started showing up to all my games. Nanny wanted to come around. And then he really wanted to come around my junior and senior year. We won back to back state championships in basketball. And then he really wanted to be around. Once we won the first one he came to the second year, he came to all the games, came to all the football games, you know, he wanted to be there now. Right? That's how all felt. Did you feel

3 (33m 9s):
Resentment,

4 (33m 10s):
Man, I 'cause of that? I, I did. Because like, it was kind of like, at the time

3 (33m 13s):
Or looking back,

4 (33m 14s):
No, at the time I, I kind of did. And I've, and I told my mom this as a kid because like, the only times I ever saw you when I played basketball in middle school in the eighth grade and in eighth grade, I'm what, 13. Right. I'm, I'm starting to see things and understand things a little, little more. Like, why are you only at home games? Is because you don't want to pay the $2 entrance at the other, at the other games. And you get in free. 'cause he was a school teacher at the school and he was a

3 (33m 42s):
School teacher

4 (33m 43s):
At Palmville Middle School that married

3 (33m 45s):
A 16-year-old girl.

4 (33m 47s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Weird. Very weird. I didn't know any of this at the time. Right. My but my mom, again, she hid it from us. 'cause it was embarrassing right? To, we live in a small town. Everybody everybody knows, knows that it was, it's still to this day I I it's embarrassing Now that I'm, I'm an adult and I know that that's wrong. That's not right. Like, you know, there there's even some hatred that I have resentment that I have towards him for giving us that bad name because we share the same last name. you know, like I didn't want people, fathers of my friends to think, man, I'm gonna grow up sick like that.

4 (34m 31s):
'cause that's wrong. It's sick, it's weird. It is what it is. It's weird. We come from a small town where everybody knows everybody. So, you know, when I started understanding these things and then he started coming around in high school when my name started getting out there in the papers and, and colleges started coming in and looking, then it's like, Hey man, like where were you at? Like my earlier years now you wanna travel two hours down the road to a football game and wear a shirt with my name on it. Like, hey bro, my mom has been to every game and my grandfather on my mom's side and my grandmother have been to every game since I ever played.

4 (35m 16s):
My mom showed up to an a a u game one time. Her friends had a, like a birthday thing that they had planned out for. I guess she, we didn't think we were gonna be there all day playing 'cause we kept winning and winning and winning. She canceled her plans so I could finish that game out. Like she's been there since day one. Like, where have you been? Oh, now, now people are starting to know who I am here. Now people are like, wow, Blake's really good at this because man, I exploded with football. Like I found a passion for it. I was a slot, I was a wide receiver and I was a cornerback My junior year I had like 13, 14 interceptions.

4 (36m 0s):
Wow. My, my senior year, I, I broke the record for ya. Yards. Yards after catch. I had like, I don't know, a seven, 1800, like 13, 14 touchdowns. There was one game where I had four touchdowns and that was unheard of at that time. 'cause you're talking 2008 where people were still trying to run the ball. Everybody then now wanted to run the spread because then Pat White and Steve Slayton in West Virginia started throwing the ball more. And now we had some really, we had some new coaches come in that were like, Hey, let's throw the ball. And they're, their nephew was the quarterback. He had moved. So they were obviously gonna let him throw the football. But man, it was like everywhere I went, like high school was crazy because like, I'm gonna be honest with you, Sean, I didn't do a single bit of homework.

4 (36m 45s):
I don't know if I even did classwork. I just got pushed through. I was an adult. I'm like, man, that's, I wish you would've pushed me to do better.

3 (36m 55s):
Let's rewind for a minute. Yeah. So did you actually tell your dad that? Or

4 (37m 0s):
I never told my dad that.

3 (37m 2s):
You never told him that. That was in your head?

4 (37m 4s):
Always in my head.

3 (37m 5s):
It's all those questions. Yeah.

4 (37m 7s):
Just, you know, 'cause it's my dad, man. I loved him. I didn't want him to feel like I was mad or disappointed. I loved him. He was my dad. And like I said, my childhood all the time wasn't all the time bad. you know, he, he did do things that was a great father. But there were things that like, you know, I have a 16-year-old son, right? I've raised him since he was three. His dad's non-existent. I married my wife, she had a son. And I, I've, I've raised him since he was three as my own. He is my son. You'll never be able to convince me that he is not I'll never look at him and say, Hey man, remember that time I changed your tire?

4 (37m 51s):
Hey man, remember that time I did this for you and did that for you and did this and that. That was what it was like. It was always, Hey man, remember that time you ran off, ran outta gas on SSO Mountain or ran outta gas on SSO Mountain? I brought you gas. Yeah, that was that. Yeah. Dad, thanks. Thanks for being a dad.

3 (38m 5s):
Your dad was keeping tabs.

4 (38m 7s):
Yeah. Keeping tabs to this day. And we'll get to that. To this day he still keeps tabs. And it's like, man, you're my father. What are you talking about? You're supposed to do those things. I would give my life from my son. I never keep a tab on it. I'd be dead. But I'd never keep a tab on that. I hope that he would never be like, oh wow. you know, like, that's what I'm supposed to do. And that's what I'm raising him as is, hey man, when you have a son or a daughter, you do things for them outta love. You'd never expect a thank you ever. And so a lot of my childhood was, he would do something great for us, but we would be reminded like, okay, my mom never did that.

3 (38m 54s):
Do you think, why do you think he did that?

4 (38m 60s):
I I, I think he, I I think he just wanted us, you know what I really think, and, and this is something I've dived into in my adult life, is I felt like he was always trying to compete with my mother.

3 (39m 16s):
Hmm.

4 (39m 17s):
Because she, she always did right by us. And but what he knows that no is, we never, we weren't thanking her either.

3 (39m 26s):
Do you think maybe he was dealing with his own guilt?

4 (39m 29s):
I do.

3 (39m 32s):
You felt extremely,

4 (39m 33s):
I had a conversation later on in my adult life and he says he regrets cheating on my mom. And you know, I, I do, I feel like that he, he, he has his own demons that he deals with. And I think that it is his guilt. Yeah, he did the right things, but ultimately I think at that age, he, he just wanted us to tell him how great he was. I I maybe he didn't feel like he was great.

3 (39m 59s):
Well, I'm sure he, I mean all the clues are there. I mean, he built a house,

4 (40m 6s):
Right? He wanted to be in our life. He built a nice house. He did his best. He, he, you know, he, he, he worked as a manager at a swimming pool in the summertime and he took us on vacation every summer to Myrtle Beach with that money every summer. So he, he tried, it's just, he always wanted the thank you that we never gave him. I mean, I'm a kid, you know? Yeah. Like I have one parent who gives me the world with, with not ever thinking about it. And I have another parent who is tried and and we're not giving the thank you to

3 (40m 46s):
I'm keeping tabs.

4 (40m 47s):
He's keeping tabs. One's not one is, you know, I don't, what am I supposed to do? My, I don't know. My mom doesn't keep tabs, but he is obviously keeping tabs. It's, we're, we're beyond grateful. Right. I had a decent childhood. I'm not gonna say I didn't, but it was always like, he's always trying to compete with my mom. And because my mom took us on vacations every year and, you know, to like Mexico and Cancun and, and Disney World and, and it was always like he was trying to compete and my mom never like shoved it in his face, but he would always shove it back. Like, oh, I pay child support. you know, I take the kids on a vacation every summer.

4 (41m 29s):
Like, it was always something like that, you know. It was always, it was always, you know, Now that I'm older. I'm like, yeah man, maybe I should have said thank you more. I, I don't know. I was a kid. I didn't know any better. I just thought my dad's due

6 (41m 45s):
Shit.

3 (41m 49s):
What's your relationship like with him now?

4 (41m 57s):
He's dying of drugs. I've spent my whole adult life fighting drugs and I'm losing my dad to it. It's a non-existent relationship. I broke it off.

3 (42m 11s):
What kind of drugs?

4 (42m 12s):
Heroin, meth, fentanyl, cocaine, Dilaudid, anything. That's a drug that would get you high.

3 (42m 21s):
How did that happen?

4 (42m 24s):
I was 14. He fell off a ladder. 20, 30 foot ladder, changing the light bulb like a floodlight and went to a doctor in a town in our county called Ocean. It's a nickname, Cyanna. He had a doctor who was prescribing Oxycontins like crazy. I, I guess he's in federal prison now, but you got addicted to Oxycodone. He got addicted to fentanyl patches for his back and then it went to Oxycodone. So, and I think my dad's always fought depression too. A lot of times his kids, he would, he'd sleep all day while we were with him.

4 (43m 4s):
We figured maybe he was just tired. Right. He was a volunteer firefighter. He'd get caught out in the middle of the night, all that. And, but Now that I'm older, I know what depression is. He definitely had depression. I think he battled his own demons every day. And ultimately they got the best off him.

3 (43m 28s):
You know, you talk a lot about breakfast this morning. I had a great prayer. You could tell you're a Christian with very strong faith. Have you ever tried forgiveness?

4 (43m 49s):
I have. So I attempted to save his life. I medical when I got outta law enforcement. So I found out that he was on drugs. Right. So Thanksgiving 28, 20 18. We're back home. We're in West Virginia. I'm at my mom's house now. My mom lives in a whole nother city, whole nother county now at this point. Right. She moved to bigger town of Beckley, West Virginia. It's got like 30,000 people in it. So right outside of Charleston, West Virginia, about 30 minutes away. She don't even live near him anymore.

4 (44m 30s):
So when she got remarried and all that in my adult life, but we went to visit him, me and my brother. My brother has a lot of resentment towards him. He's not, he's not alive in my brother's mind. My brother completely shut him off. My brother had warned me several times, my older brother several times to be careful. And my brother was mad that he was on drugs. Be careful. In what way? Like he's toxic. Manipulation, manipulation.

4 (45m 10s):
He's, he's going to put women in front of you. Like be careful with him. What do you mean? He is gonna put women in front of you? Like if I have an argument with my stepmom, remember he had an argument with my stepmom at 12 years old, 13. And was put in handcuffs and dad called the police on him and had a police officer put him in handcuffs. So I think my brother's always had resentment for that. It's terrifying. At 13 years old, hell, it waster terrifying at nine, watching your brother get arrested by by your dad. That was traumatizing. And then finally my mom like rushed home and, and fixed the issue. But, so my brother's always had some sort of resentment towards him.

4 (45m 52s):
So my brother's, like, we have found, we had heard that my dad got on drugs, like hard drugs in 2018. 'cause he was, well he was on drugs, met this chick, got on drugs, got got away from this chick and got sober 20 16, 20 17. My my younger sister was in high school, so, and her mother and my stepmom that we had the issues with had cheated on my dad and left my dad. So my dad was trying to raise this high school girl on his own. He did a good job. But after she graduated, he met this other lady named Melissa.

4 (46m 35s):
And Melissa comes from trash. She, she was an addict and she got him hooked back on drugs. So my brother wanted to drive down to confront him about all this, see if he actually is on drugs. This is on black Friday day after Thanksgiving. So, so me and my brother, we drive down, knock on the door, Melissa answers, she's high a kite like, hey is is my brother says, Hey, is Jim here? That's my dad's name. And she's like, yeah, let me go get him. He's downstairs sleeping. I'm like, it's seven o'clock like in the afternoon. Like, what do you mean he's sleeping? Whatever. He's old.

4 (47m 15s):
Maybe he went to bed, he comes up the stairs and it's the first time in my life I've ever seen my dad. So my dad never didn't drink when we grow up. And I hardly ever heard him cuss. I will say that. But for the first time in my life, I saw my dad physically, but I didn't know who my dad was. He was so high. And he invited us in and my brother's like, Hey, you're high right now. What are you talking about? And they get into a heated discussion and my dad gets livid. Somebody that is on drugs, whether, I think at the time it was just, I think cocaine and oxycodone is all he was on at that time.

4 (48m 2s):
'cause he, he, he was on four DUIs for driving while impaired from not alcohol, but, but narcotics. So he'd already been arrested for like three or four DUIs for this. So we were, my brother was attempting to try to help him, but it went, went south. My dad filled with rage and he took off running back downstairs. And I knew that's where he kept his revolver. Immediately grabbed my brother and we ran out the house, ran down the stairs. It's like 15 stairs. I run in my truck, open my door, I go to get my gun out. I'm like, he's gonna kill us. He is going to kill us.

4 (48m 44s):
And man, he comes running out. And I, I never saw the gun. I don't think I saw the gun. Everything was happening so fast. But the rage that he had, Shawn, I, I went out that driveway at probably 50, 60 miles an hour. I thought he was gonna kill us. I thought he was gonna kill us. And then the whole 30, 40 minute drive home, me and my brother didn't talk. We got back to my mom's house and everybody was already in bed at this point. And man, I drank all night. I cried my eyes out. I went on his Facebook page, found photos of when we were younger. I just lost it. I had a mental breakdown.

4 (49m 25s):
And that's the first time I ever saw him high. And that was the biggest start of, that was the start of my downfall. That was it. That's what set the tone for the next several years of my life and what I was about to go through. So no, I, I have forgiven him once and I almost died from somebody else's drug addiction. I almost lost my family because somebody else's drug addiction. And I refuse to lose my family or take my life from depression or die from somebody else's drug addiction. I won't let it happen.

4 (50m 5s):
I won't let it happen. Y'all got me once. Y'all got me twice, but never again. No, no, no, no. Your toxicity that you bring to the table in my childhood that you brought to the table, I'm not gonna let it flow into my family. I'm gonna protect my family. Yeah. And my wife is so sweet, Sean cheat. She tries and you know, she's, 'cause she saw my dad before he was on drugs. you know, we got married in beginning of 2012 and we only knew each other for like 30 days. We married almost 13 years. And we'll, we will get to that. That's a whole, that's a whole nother story. But, you know, she has always tried to because she's, she's, she remembers him, right?

4 (50m 51s):
She remembers who Jim Cook was before drugs. I mean, and, and, but now it's like, I don't even remember who that person was. I don't remember, I don't remember who he was because his, his addiction has been so bad on me. It's hard for me to even see the good anymore.

3 (51m 19s):
Maybe there isn't any

4 (51m 21s):
Sean. I don't think so. O

3 (51m 23s):
You know, the only reason I was asking about forgiveness is I've come to learn that it's for you, not for the person you're forgiving.

4 (51m 41s):
Yeah.

3 (51m 42s):
You know, I, I learned this from, I interviewed this guy Victor Marks. Yeah. And it is without a doubt the most traumatizing childhood I have ever heard. I mean, it is his dad made him shoot, kill a man and shove him in a hole.

4 (52m 7s):
That's

3 (52m 8s):
Horrible. Yeah. And, and that's, that's how he grew up. And, and so he talks a lot about forgiveness. He's forgiven his dad and Yeah. And he called me up once he called me. I had, back in my tactical training days, there was this, well-known trainer. I won't say any names 'cause I've forgiven him, but he sued me and tried to take, tried to take everything when I had, not much to begin with, but I was worried my home was gonna go.

3 (52m 58s):
I was worried my wife was gonna go. And he, he just wouldn't stop with the lawsuits. And until we were able to prove that the whole case was a phony case, and if he was gonna have to repay me all of my legal fees, which completely broke me, man. And, and, and so when he found that out, he quit suing me. And, and whatever this is, I'm just kind of giving you the context. I didn't have the money to go back after him and continue the lawsuit. Yeah. But, and so that just, honestly, that's why I left the tactical industry.

3 (53m 42s):
I was like, you know what, fuck this man. I'm out. Yeah.

6 (53m 45s):
Who blames you? It's hard to

3 (53m 46s):
Trust people after that. But I carried this rage with me forever. And this, this is just like one example, but I'm telling you this. 'cause Victor Marx is who taught me forgiveness. And, and, and then I applied it to all these different aspects of my life, to all these situations that I've been in with, you know, from military shit to agency shit to business stuff to friends, family. But this was the first, this was the first time I that it actually sunk in. And, and the reason I'm bringing it up is I can see the rage. I can see it on you. Yeah. And I'm not, I'm not comparing stories.

3 (54m 28s):
This is so much more insignificant than what you're talking about. But, but he said, he said he's friends with the person that sued me and said that they wanted me to forgive him. And I said, I are you fucking calling me to ask me to forgive somebody? Because they're worried that my growth is, it's a different ball game than it was 10 years ago.

6 (55m 2s):
Yeah, yeah.

3 (55m 3s):
You know? Yeah. Now way, way different playing field. They ran a whole smear campaign on me and everything. And I was like, are you asking me to fucking forgive somebody who like, tried to take everything from me, smeared my name, lied about my service, like wanted to take it all

6 (55m 20s):
Yeah.

3 (55m 21s):
And leave me in a fucking ditch because he's worried that I'm gonna, I'm gonna do vengeance. And he said, yeah. And I was like, it is real hard to tell you no. Knowing what you've been through.

6 (55m 43s):
Yeah.

3 (55m 43s):
And that you've found forgiveness. And I told him I would, I told him I never wanted to see him again. He wanted to talk to me. I said, I don't, we don't need to talk. I said, you can tell him I forgive him and you can tell him that I'm not gonna do vengeance on him. I'm above that shit. And man, just like fucking saying it to Victor

6 (56m 8s):
Probably felt good, dude.

3 (56m 10s):
It was like, because every time that name got brought up, every time that name got brought up, it would just fucking trigger rage.

6 (56m 20s):
Yeah.

3 (56m 21s):
And that, and in, in multiple people you could, you could insert into that. Oh, I hear this person's name. I feel rage. But that was the first time I learned it. And it was like, it was like being let outta prison man. Like, it just, it was like, this shit doesn't bother me anymore. I dropped it. I'm never gonna talk to him again. I'm never gonna be around him again. At least if I can help it. But it doesn't affect me anymore, man. I don't live in that prison of rage.

4 (56m 52s):
Yeah.

3 (56m 53s):
And I just hope that you can find that because

4 (56m 56s):
It's free and I am finding it. Right. Because if I'm gonna say that I'm a Christian, I need to act like a Christian. And, and it's hard, but parts of me is, is trying and end, you know, we'll get to the parts of, of of why that I am the way that I am right now in this moment. And, and you're gonna be like, wow, I kind of understand because I, I tried so hard and

3 (57m 44s):
Blake, I'm not saying I don't understand.

4 (57m 46s):
Oh, I know you understand. 'cause you have your own trauma with it.

3 (57m 49s):
I just want you to, I think you're a really good person. I appreciate that. And I just want you to be free. And that's the only reason I'm bringing it up.

4 (57m 59s):
And, and that's what I need to work on. Because again, I want to be free of somebody else's addiction. 'cause if I don't forgive him, then I'm, I'm, I'm just as I'm addicted to, to hate towards him. Like he's addicted to drugs. And until I can forgive him, I can let that go. you know? And you're right man, I thought I forgave him, but I don't feel it Now that I'm talking about it. I don't feel that I truly, I might have told people, yeah, I forgive him. But Now that Now that I'm here in this moment and we're talking about it because I don't really talk about it often. I'll be honest with you. I don't talk about it at all.

4 (58m 39s):
I don't talk about it with my wife. My wife brings it up. I immediately go to shut down mode. I would rather be angry and start an argument and piss her off than to, than to have her try to talk, talk about it.

3 (58m 53s):
You know? And the other thing is, if you can take a motion out of this situation and actually look at it from a 30,000 foot view and just observe, look at he's what he's created for himself.

4 (59m 13s):
Yeah.

3 (59m 14s):
You know,

4 (59m 15s):
I think a part of me is, is I just love him and I'm, and I'm, I hate that my, my niece doesn't get to experience a grandfather. I hate that. My son doesn't get to experience, experience that and to be honest with you, man. I really just miss having a dad. It's truly what it goes down to. It's, it's just missing. And I, it's been my whole a adult career fighting evil and fighting drugs. I need to lose him to drugs. you know, that's hard. I said, I, I have voicemails of, is when he was trying to, to, to do better.

4 (59m 57s):
Hey, son, I just, I just wanna hear from you. I'm trying. And I just sent him a voicemail, you know? And so I have a lot of guilt for that dude. Like, I just, maybe I could have done better and maybe I failed him. Maybe he did a addiction because I failed him. you know, maybe he's addicted because I wasn't there for him, or I didn't say thank you, or I didn't give him what he was looking for. you know, that's, that's a tough pill to swallow. And it eats in me every day Because I do, man, I'm miss him. Used to call me a shadow boy, there's no shadow anymore.

4 (1h 0m 40s):
And man, that fucking hurts. It hurts 35 years old man. And, and the the little boy inside of me still still misses, you know, misses his dad when everybody else gave up. I still tried, man. I got burned. I got burned. I almost lost everything. So I'm trying, I really am. Maybe I need to go to therapy. you know,

3 (1h 1m 15s):
Don't give up, man.

4 (1h 1m 16s):
I'm not, I'm not. I just need to take a break and figure a realize that I can't fix everything right now. you know, when I was in the gang unit, we were an easy button. Hey man, go fix this gang unit. Fix this. I'm used to being an easy button fixing it right now. And, but those right nows were only temporary fixes. Somebody else is gonna come in and take that guy's spot, or somebody else is gonna sell dope and guns out the house. Maybe that's what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to fix it right now. Right? And getting no results, because you don't, you can't fix a, you can't fix a 67-year-old man, a 65-year-old man that's been addicted to drugs for the last eight years.

4 (1h 2m 4s):
You can't fix

3 (1h 2m 5s):
Anything on anybody if they don't wanna fix it themselves.

4 (1h 2m 8s):
And that's the problem is he doesn't want it. He just doesn't want it. And I lied. I think a part, I think a part of him And I got to experience that, right? So, 2004, I met Kyle. I was teaching on my own. I had my own company, black Flag Solutions wanted to train SWAT teams, guys just didn't get the training that we had. I love law enforcement, man. I love law enforcement so much. And I think the number one thing they lack is training. I was training people for free departments, won't spend the money, my God.

4 (1h 2m 50s):
They'll go spend $20,000 to get new pencils that say, you know, Fayetteville Police Department and not Fayville did this. It's just where I came from. But they won't put money towards training. It's, it's mind blowing. So I was like, I, I have to do something.

Shopify (1h 3m 10s):
When I started podcasting, I had no idea how to run an online business or where to get started. I tried several different companies to get my web store up and running, and they were all confusing. Then I found Shopify. Now my online store runs smoother than ever. I love how easy Shopify is to set up. It's flexible, powerful, and helps me grow my business. Shopify is the perfect platform to start small and scale up, upgrade your business, and get the same checkout we use with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/sr. That's all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/ss to upgrade your selling today. shopify.com/ss.

Goldco (1h 3m 59s):
Donald Trump is officially the next president of the United States of America. While millions of Americans are celebrating the victory, thousands of others are still concerned about their savings. The unfortunate truth is, we still have a $35 trillion debt. The interest on that debt could now be larger than our entire defense budget for the first time in history. Plus, the wars that started during the Biden administration are still raging across the globe. So what can you do to help protect your savings? Many Americans are already taking action by reaching out to a top rated precious metals company that's Goldco right now. Goldco is offering a free gold and silver kit to show you how precious metals like gold and silver, could help you diversify your savings before it's too late. Visit Sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold to get your copy free of charge. Plus, you could receive up to a 10% instant match on bonus silver for qualified accounts. Visit sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. That's sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.

4 (1h 5m 13s):
And my wife was asking me to go do something 'cause I was an alcoholic. So I was training a team one day, and my Aunt Judy calls me my dad's sister and says, Hey Blake, I have a second. And I'm like, damn, she's about to tell me my dad's dead. I've been waiting on that phone call every day. I have my phone in my hand all the time. 'cause I'm waiting on the call. I'm like, is he alive? She said, yeah, he's alive. I said, well, okay. Well, what's going on? Why are you calling me? I'm in the middle of training. She said, he's dying.

4 (1h 5m 54s):
He's, he's laying in the bed at his house with his, with Melissa's stepmom. And she's a really bad drug addict too. And she was so concerned that he's dying, that she called the police for help, man, where I grew up. Those, those boys don't know how to be cops. And we'll get into that. It's, they, they failed me. So I said, Hey. I said, what do you mean? They said, well, he walked in. They saw needles and everything everywhere. I'm say they, they tried to do a, what do they call it? Like a, like a self check, like a hygiene check or whatever on the, on a per wellbeing check.

4 (1h 6m 34s):
I said, he's on probation for hitting four cop cars on the side of the road. Hi. But he is on like a probation, not in jail, but on probation. I'm like, is there needles in the house? Yeah. Yeah. They said they saw needles. Okay, they need to take him to jail. Get him out the environment. Well, the, it, it was the police chief. There's only like three people in the department. Well, they say there's nothing they can do. I'm like, what are you talking about? He's a drug addict. Syringes everywhere. He's on probation. It's drug paraphernalia. I don't care what it is. I don't care if it's one orange cap. Take him to jail. 'cause if he goes to jail, they won't take him.

4 (1h 7m 16s):
They'll make him go to the hospital before they can intake him. So they'll force him to get medical. They're like, oh, Blake, there's, they say there's nothing they can do. I'm livid. I'm like, what do you mean? There's nothing they can do? That's your job. You just don't know what to do is the problem. You don't know how to be a cop is the problem. So I'm like, I know his probation officer. So I call him up, I'm like, Hey, my dad's dying. He's drug paraphernalia everywhere. The police chief went in there, saw it, nothing they can do. I'm like, can you go check on him tomorrow? He said, yeah. Went and checked on him, found all the needles, revoked his probation.

4 (1h 7m 58s):
Took him into his office. My dad calls me, he's like, my, he it high as high as kite. I'm, Hey dad. He goes, Blake, you're gonna have to, you're gonna have to help me. So they'll listen to you. I'm like, Hey man, you're going to jail. I don't wanna go to jail. I don't wanna go to jail. I'm like, Hey man, you're going to jail. Like, I can't keep doing this with you. You're going to jail. So hang your phone up. I have a breakdown and I make, oh my God, Blake, if he goes to jail there, he's gonna get bare minimum care. He's gonna die. So I call, I call him back.

4 (1h 8m 38s):
Hey. I'm like, can he go get I, so he's dying. He needs real medical help. Can we convince him to go to the hospital? Then he can go back on probation at, at the house or whatever. But let's see what's wrong with him. He said, yeah, we'll do that. Took him to the hospital, man. He was there two hours. They lifelined him to some hospital in Roanoke. Next day he's having open heart surgery. He has done so much heroin and fentanyl that he has vegetation on his heart. He has what? Vegetation, what does that even mean? Mold, because drug addicts use back, they don't use, they use faucet water with bacteria.

4 (1h 9m 20s):
So he had shot up so much that the bacteria in the water had went to his valve and started creating mold. That's how much heroin he was doing. Holy shit. He had open heart surgery. He dies in surgery. They bring him back to life. They give him a second chance at life. Doctor calls me, he is like, Hey, he's got like less than 5% chance to live. I'm like, 'cause I'd had a conversation with him. I had a conversation with him afterwards. They're like, he he'll wake up, blah, blah, blah.

4 (1h 10m 1s):
But like, we're not sure. And he was mumbling. He's like, all I heard was cremate me and spread my ashes on the heel. The heel was, his house was built on a slope. And that was the heel. That's the heel that we played on as kids. And that's all I heard. And I was like, oh my God, he's gonna die like Nicole. He's gonna die. And dude, dude made a miracle dis like he was a miracle. He woke up the next day. Infection, no infection. Vitals were good. Everything was good. So I told my wife, I said, this is my opportunity.

4 (1h 10m 42s):
He says, January of 2023, it's my opportunity, honey, to save him. I financially can do it. I'm medically retired. I have the time. I have to go save him. So I packed some bags, went to the hospital, walked in, didn't even know who he was. He's got no teeth. He's weighing at maybe a buck 30. He's 5, 5 10, 5 11 pal as can be. Looks like he's 90 something years old. Barely recognize him. He's talking to me and I'm, I'm talking to him. And man, I, I stayed there.

4 (1h 11m 24s):
I slipped in my car, in my truck. I, I slept with the hospital. And I called my wife. I said, Hey, he's agreed to let me help him. She said, All, right? Like, we have, you know, you know, my stepmom tried to visit him. Melissa, she was kicked outta the hospital for doing heroin in the bathroom. So I'm like, Hey, she's got to go. She's living in his house. She's got to go. So what I did is I came up with a strategy is I created a renter's document and had my dad sign it. And I paid him a dollar a month as a renter to allow me access into the house.

4 (1h 12m 5s):
'cause if not, I'm just breaking into the house. And she could call the police on me, but she can't no more. 'cause I have an actual contract signed by Jim Cook that I pay him a dollar a month for my room downstairs in the basement. So I can kick the door in, do whatever I want to, to the house. I'm a renter. If I break something, I just gotta pay the landlord. And that's him. Her name's not on the house. Just his. I said, man, I went down to this house. I was like, Hey, here's a contract. I'm staying here. She's like, I'm out, I'm leaving. I'm like, cool. That was easy. She gives me the keys. She calls some drug, the drug addict. Pick her up. I go in the house.

4 (1h 12m 45s):
Sean, I've been into thousands of dope palaces. Users, dealers, just, just disgusting people in general. The moment I walked in, I threw up the smell. The dog was overdosing, also had withdrawals, not overdosing. Had withdrawals from dope and had diarrhea everywhere. There was a mop bucket full of water, diarrhea, water where she had tried to clean it up. But it's just sitting there for days. Diarrhea all over everything. The dog at one point had been chained to something in the door in a, in a back bedroom and with carpet.

4 (1h 13m 26s):
And there was just shit and pee everywhere. And I'd found out that the dog had been chewing on syringes. And it was getting high that, and they haven't been using there 'cause she'd been staying with somebody else. He's been in the hospital. So the dogs having withdrawals. I'm like, man, I gotta clean this house. I gotta clean this house. I spent thousands, my childhood best friend and my cousin on my dad's side name's Josh Lobo. Phenomenal human, knew I was in town. I was actually staying with him. I couldn't stay in the house. I would, I'd get sick.

4 (1h 14m 6s):
I'm, I'm on my hands and knees. I spent hundreds of dollars on cleanup stuff. I'm like shot back in diarrhea, ripping up carpet. He shows up and helps me clean this whole house. Most disgusting house I've ever been in. And we had it spotless. And she was gone. I was, I was still visiting my dad. I was making the house. I, I fixed the steps. I fixed, I, I went and bought him a bed to, to bring upstairs. I didn't want him sleeping on a dirty mattress. We got him brand new everything. And

6 (1h 14m 44s):
I,

4 (1h 14m 48s):
She, sorry, I'm having some getting kind of emotional. So I leave to go back home. This was about a month later. See my family do some things. My dad's still in the hospital. They release him. I get home on a Friday. They released him that same Friday. They weren't supposed to, they weren't supposed to recently release him till the following weekend. I was gonna pick him up. So he had somehow convinced somebody, something, something happened where they released him. So I went home. I was home and my Aunt Judy calls me and says, Hey, they released your dad.

4 (1h 15m 31s):
I'm like, oh my God, I'm not there. What do you mean I can't watch him? Like he's gonna go back. He gets home that Friday night, drops him off, he gets home immediately. He had been in contact with my stepmom since he's been in the hospital. He somehow got a cell phone and everything and was able to get in contact with her. We didn't think they had any contact. I thought I had fixed that problem. He gets home and she pulls up maybe 10 minutes later. The neighbor says, About 30 minutes later, my dad's drug dealer, Tammy, I'd figured out my dad's drug dealer. I I got addresses, Sean cars, mama's house houses.

4 (1h 16m 11s):
They were storing dope in. I had times of houses. I, I dedicated the whole month also to following her around everywhere. I had built a case for the sheriff's office of Wyoming County. Everything they need, tried to give it to their dope cop. Crickets tried to give it to the sheriff. Crickets. They wanted me outta that county so bad. 'cause I was forcing them to do a job they didn't know how to do. And I was calling them out on it. I have everything for you. 'cause their excuse was, is, you know, we don't have enough information on her. Cool. Standby, boom. Here's everything.

4 (1h 16m 51s):
Phone numbers, license plates, houses, everything. You need her drop zones. The day that she gets her resupply everything, I went to full straight detective mode again and got them everything in a big old folder. Pictures, took pictures of the cars, pictures of her, pictures of her mom, pictures of everybody. Her dog. I had everything in there. They wouldn't touch it, wouldn't touch it. Didn't want nothing to do with it because that system down there is so corrupt. Where is this? It's in Wyoming County, West Virginia. It is the good old boy system who pays the most money is in charge. I couldn't get help from nobody.

4 (1h 17m 31s):
I went to the sheriff's office, to the sheriff himself, who's known me since I was a child. I was told he's just a drug addict. I understand that guys. But here is your number one drug dealer in the county. This woman's not only serving Himm dope, but she is traveling from Pineville. So there's four towns in where I grew up. Pineville, Mullins, Baileyville and Ocean. She would come once a week and do a round in every little town and then go back home to Princeton. She didn't even live there. She drove 30 minutes away. I gave them everything. I mean, they told me to fuck off. They want nothing to do with it.

4 (1h 18m 11s):
They wanted me out of there so bad. So that the night that they got home, my dad left with the drug dealer. Drug dealer came and picked him up. They came back home. The next Saturday, drug dealers stayed there a little bit. They went back to the drug dealer's house and everybody on that. So the hill that I grew up on is, was primarily on my whole family. And, and the neighbors have known me since I was a kid. When I made, when I tried to move in and made my stepmother leave, dude, them old women on that hill bait me brownies and cookies. And they were like, Hey, thank you so much, because it has just gotten so bad. So they were calling me and giving me updates and I'm like trying to get home.

4 (1h 18m 53s):
I'm like, I'm in, I'm in North Carolina at this point. So I'm like, man, I gotta figure out how to, how save my dad. So I called my dad up. Now Sundays came around, Sunday's here, and I'm like, Hey dad, this is like Sunday night, 10 o'clock at night. I'm like, what are you doing? The neighbors are calling me. You weren't supposed to leave the house. She's not even the Melissa is not even supposed to be there. The drug dealer's been up and down the driveway. I was, dude, I was sending text messages out to deputies, to, to police officers. She's there right now. This is the car. Nothing, man. Crickets. So I'm like, I gotta get down there, dude. I gotta do something.

4 (1h 19m 33s):
So I'm like, Hey, she's got to go. I've already contacted your probation officer. They've already contacted your probation officer. Man, you're going to jail tomorrow. Like you have to. It's not, he thought I had some power. He's like, you need to fix this. I'm like, dude, what do you mean? I need to fix this. There's nothing I can do. Only thing I'm trying to help you. I'm giving you a call right now telling you that your probation officer is showing up tomorrow. She needs to be out in the house. And he's like, All, right? All right. We'll figure it out. I'll figure it out. He had a call at four in the morning From my dad's neighbor. She was a younger girl.

4 (1h 20m 15s):
And Melissa would go down and ask for a cigarette and, and, and they pretty much just pestered her. She lived in the house that we grew up in and I had been trying to help them get Melissa out of there too. And, and trying to help fix some things around their house because my dad was on drugs and the house was falling apart and they were renters. And she said, she called and she says, Blake, Melissa called the cops on you. I'm like, how, how did she call the cops on me? I'm literally six hours away. She's like, they lied. They said that you were laying down the street with a sniper rifle. I was like, well, I'm home. She goes, well, well, the police officer took her to the magistrate's office and she swore a domestic violence protective order out on you.

4 (1h 21m 2s):
I'm like, what? And my dad's beeping in. I'm like, I gotta go. My dad's calling me. It's for the phone. It's the last conversation I ever had with my father. He said, fuck you, you piece of shit. We took A-D-V-P-O out on you. I'm gonna go do my time in jail and there ain't shit you can do. You're a piece, piece of shit. Worthless son. Hung the phone up. So I'm like, what is going on? Now I have A-D-V-P-O taken out on me that's if found guilty of that's worse than being a convicted felon one. So I'm like immediately went into like, I gotta go stash my gun somewhere else.

4 (1h 21m 47s):
'cause then first thing they do when they serve you, that is they take your guns. But luckily I was four states away and there's no communication with that crappy agency there. They didn't really, they don't even know how to handle that properly. Thank God. It's like the, the one mess up where I took advantage of. She didn't have my address. So nobody could serve me anything. These dudes are calling me, asking me to come turn myself in. I'm like, dude, I don't know what you're talking about. See you later, alligator. So I got up with an attorney who was a friend of mine, Tim Latis, who, so my dad, so sorry, I'm skipping that. Monday morning my dad got arrested from probation. They took him to the courthouse.

4 (1h 22m 28s):
Some people in the courthouse know who I am. And went to talk to him and said, Jim, you have to drop this. He, he is a good person. He trains law enforcement. He's not gonna be able to do his job. My dad said, fuck that piece of shit. He didn't drop it. So I got up with Tim Tis, who's was my dad's really good friend growing up, who's an attorney there, represented me for free. He helped me figure out a solution out. So I did some smart things while my dad was in the hospital, right? 'cause he needed my help. Nobody else could help him except for me. I made him sign his social security checks over to my house.

4 (1h 23m 11s):
All of his retirement money went to my mailbox in North Carolina. So she didn't have access to it anymore. And if he did that, I would buy him dinner. While he was in the hospital, I'd help take care of him. I cleaned his house, do whatever he needed me to do. Well, he did all this. And I was like, okay, I have an advantage here. She won't get any money for dope. It's the end of the month. She's not getting any money for dope and she needs a fix. So I called her up, I said, Hey, Tim was like, Hey, let's, let's offer something. I said, All, right?

4 (1h 23m 51s):
I was like, 450 bucks. I don't know. I came up with a number. It was four 50. And I said, Hey, if you drop this, I'll pay $450 and every month I'll mail my dad's checks to you so you can cash 'em. Because the little fast check general store, grocery store in our hometown was allowing her, knowing that my dad's in jail or in the hospital, signed the back of his checks and cash 'em and then go buy dope with them. So, but they would get like a 10% of the, of the whatever, 3%, whatever. They were making money, they didn't care. So they allowed her to, to fraudulently sign his checks and cash 'em.

4 (1h 24m 35s):
So the whole town is crazy. So She says, she goes, yeah, we could do that. I said, look, 'cause it's thousands of dollars in his retirement social security. I'm like, I don't care what you do with the money. I'll mail it to you every month. Soon as I get it, I'll mail I overnight it. I'm panicking, Sean, I ain't slept in two days. Because what if she gets up there and bss and some female judge believes her and I get convicted. I'm done. I'm, I mean, there's, your guns are gone. Everything. What am I gonna do?

4 (1h 25m 15s):
It's all I know is how to run a gun. It's all I've done my whole adult life. She said, I'll do that under one condition. I said, what? You have to write an apology letter to your dad's drug dealer because she knows you've been following her. 'cause I'd knocked on her door and asked her to stop selling my dad drugs and stuff. Pretty much terrorized her to run her away. I'm trying to save my dad's life. Didn't break the law. I didn't do anything that I wasn't supposed to. I just made my presence known. And I said, you want me to write a a an apology letter to my dad's drug dealer?

4 (1h 26m 0s):
She said, it's the only way, then I'm gonna drop this. I was like, oh man. Oh man, what do I do? I wrote a letter. I had a conversation with Kyle about this not too long ago. That letter was not to her. That letter was to myself. That was an apology to myself for acting the way that I had acted outta character, risking my family's future to do things that I shouldn't have been doing. So I wrote the letter and I sent it to her and they dropped it.

6 (1h 26m 37s):
I,

4 (1h 26m 38s):
It's the last conversation I ever had with my dad, man, I'm sorry. So it's a little frustration there. And I heard from him about, about a week ago. He got outta jail. He spent a year in jail. He said, Hey Blake, I love you. I didn't respond. Hey, I just wanna know you're okay. And then two days ago, I got a text. I blocked the number. I'd appreciate you letting me know that you're okay. I said, I'm not going back to this. I'm not going back to this.

4 (1h 27m 19s):
Because after they dropped that DVPO and after the justice system and law enforcement that I've dedicated so much time, I trained their little SWAT team for free 15, 20 times because I wanted to give back to my community that I grew up in. I have a a, a small skillset. I have a passion for this, I want to help you. But when I asked for help of just doing your job, it was crickets. I was trying to do the right thing. I was so close and in my mind of helping him. And all I needed was a little help from the law to do their job.

4 (1h 28m 3s):
And they failed me completely. So after they dropped that, I said, man, fuck, law enforcement, fuck this community. And I went straight, alcoholic, man. I drank every day, all day, hate pushed my family away, passing out drunk in my backyard by a fire. And I'd finally realized that I'm never gonna get over this. And the only way to get over this is to take my life. That was in April.

4 (1h 28m 43s):
I knew my son's birthday was May 22nd. I said, man, I can't take my life before his birthday. I can't take that from him. And at the time I'm not thinking straight. Right? Whether I take it before or after, still gonna ruin his birthday. Right? But I was trying to put his feelings first somehow and say, I'm gonna wait. So that was about two weeks when I started really deciding that, you know, I'm dragging my family through the mud. I'm feeling like this. I I can't, I need to set them free.

4 (1h 29m 23s):
I am failed. I am, I am dead inside from my dad's addiction. 'cause I did, I tried, I tried to save him and I failed. I failed miserably. And I thought that I actually had a chance to save him. And I was taking it out on my family by drinking, pushing them away, staying on my phone. So I was like, Hey man, it's time to prepare things for when you're gone. So first thing, bills made sure everything was on auto draft, on one card,

6 (1h 30m 9s):
Boom.

4 (1h 30m 10s):
Paperwork for the house, for the cars. Everything went in my safe labeled to my wife and said to my wife, here are the documents, everything, life insurance, whatever. Everything that was important for my afterlife to, to help her have, have somewhat of a smooth transition in my opinion. Was there May 22nd came. We were in Tennessee. Does she know this? She knows it now. I shared this story at, at her, at our blueberry couples camp last year. It's the first time that anybody's ever heard it.

4 (1h 30m 52s):
I hold that in for months before I ever spoke about it out

6 (1h 30m 55s):
Loud.

4 (1h 30m 56s):
And May 22nd came, we were in Tennessee visiting my brother, had my son's birthday with my family. We came back home, got home. I texted Kyle. So I talked to Kyle previously on social media when I was first went to help my dad. And then I had to drive home to get resupply His, this show gave me hope. I listened to his episode. I don't listen to, I don't listen. I'm not real big into listening to people's podcasts and stuff. I, if I listen to a podcast, it's like the legends of the old Wes Billy the Kid, things like that.

4 (1h 31m 40s):
That's what I really like. But I was like, man, I need something that's, I'm tired of listening to music. I don't wanna listen to music. I tried listening to a couple other people's, but I was just not mentally there. And there was something about Kyle's podcast. I talked to him a few times on Instagram, maybe one or two times. Remember I was transitioning from Glocks to SIGs. I knew that he had just started shooting SIGs. I was asking him some questions, small Instagram talk. And I listened to the podcast and I heard his story, right? And I'll see him. I'm getting chills, man. And I was seeing what he was doing and I thought, oh my God, he was, he was addicted a little bit, right? Look at him. Now I can save my dad. There's hope that people can be addicted and be saved.

4 (1h 32m 23s):
'cause in my whole law enforcement career, it was just drug addicts dying all the time. Overdosing. It was horrible. But now there's one positive story of somebody that has overcame this. I can help my dad. And that's what gave me the motivation to, to do what I tried to do on those two or three months that I was there. So at the time, I was training tactical teams through the colleges. So North, Carolina, how that works is a college can. 'cause there's only like, for like training wise, you know, a college can host a course, have me come as in as an instructor, it's free to law enforcement officers. And then the state reimburse the college for paying me.

4 (1h 33m 5s):
It's a great system. So I was doing that through the colleges and I was like, man, I love, I still love the law enforcement community. Even though I was mad at the certain group that failed to do their job. I love cops, man. I think I, I think what they do every day is courageous. And I was like, man, I'm gonna reach out to this guy. I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give him the advice on how to teach cops through the colleges. If they're gonna get any training, it might as well be by somebody like him because there's so many fake trainers out there, right? He's gotta be legit.

4 (1h 33m 46s):
He seems genuine or reached out to him May 23rd and said, Hey man, do you have time for a quick phone call? He was like, sent me a picture. I still have it. It was, it was waits. And he was like, Hey, I'm working out. I'll call you in a little bit. Or can I call you a little bit? I was like, yeah man. Absolutely. The day came no phone call. May 24th came. I didn't know this at the time. I didn't even know this until when I talked about it at the couples camp. May 24th, 2012 is the day I got blown up. May 24th.

4 (1h 34m 27s):
2023 is the day that I drove my truck. My service dog goes everywhere with me. I put her in a kennel, I kissed her and I drove to Marshall's parking lot in Wilmington, parked at the very end. And I rolled all my windows down. I wanted somebody to hear the gunshot. And I wanted somebody to call the police. And I wanted somebody to find me before the birds come in and eat me away. I bowed my head on the steering wheel and I said, God, please forgive me. I'm in pain. I don't want to go to hell.

4 (1h 35m 6s):
Please don't send me to hell for this. I'm just hurting. And I said, amen. And I went to grab the gun. My hand grabs the gun and my phone rings. I remember the last two digits of this number eight, two, it last two digits. Kyle's phone number. 'cause I remembered he was in the 82nd. It was Kyle calling me as I had my hand on the gun grabbing it. He was calling me back.

4 (1h 35m 50s):
Squeaky wheel gets the grease. My phone made a noise. I grabbed my phone. I am so grateful for that phone call, man. I am so grateful for that phone call. 'cause the things I would've missed out on in life, man, it just wasn't that bad. So a big beautiful man called me and I answered the phone, said, hello.

4 (1h 36m 33s):
And he said, Hey man, hey man, sorry I didn't call you back yesterday. I said, Hey man, you calling and have a great time. You calling out a great time. I'm like, he's like, you busy? I'm like, Nope, no I'm not, man. He goes, Hey, yeah, yeah, I, I got your message. I was like, yeah. Started talking to him about the colleges. He's like, yeah man, that, that sounds great. That sounds great. And he goes, Hey, do you know anybody that, I just had a cancellation in my Protector Mindset course. Do you know anybody that you used to work with from on, on the team that would want to come and take it?

4 (1h 37m 16s):
I'm like, man, I don't know anybody right now. Like, I'm in the middle of something. Like, I'm like, no, I don't. He goes, oh, All, right? You wanna come take it? I said, you want me to come take your course, bro? I'm about to, I'm about to kill myself right now. You said that. No, no, no, no. I didn't tell him. He didn't know this until months later until he heard it at the couples camp. I'm like, dude, in my mind I'm like, bro, I'm about to kill myself. I'm not gonna tell you. Yes. But the other half of me was like, Gave me a little hope. Gave me something to look forward to another, I love CQB man.

4 (1h 37m 58s):
I love shooting. I love this industry. I say, I was like, yeah man, I'll come take that course. Dude. I hung the phone up, Sean, I was so excited. I was like, oh my God, man, I'm gonna go take this two course. I've, I've seen the videos. We had a mutual friend that had taken the course a month or two prior that was like, it's the greatest course ever. I was like, man, I gotta go try it out. And man, I'd sold all my stuff, right? I didn't really have much. I was so mad at law enforcement. I was selling all my, all my things, giving it away. I drove over to Op Tactical in Raleigh. It's like one of the best like tactical stores. They have all the good name brand stuff, man.

4 (1h 38m 40s):
I dropped a bunch of money, got belts, got all this stuff. I was like, man, I'm excited. I'm like, holy shit, I haven't felt like this since months and showed up to the course. I bought all that stuff on Friday. Course was Saturday and Sunday. Showed up to the course Saturday morning. And I'm sitting in the back and reintroducing each ourselves and introduced myself. And you know, Blake's here. Blake has his own training company too. So it's, it's, it's cool to have him here. And I'm like, like All, right? How are y'all doing? I'm, I'm truly a nobody, but how you doing?

4 (1h 39m 22s):
So an hour, 45 minutes in this course, man, I do some demos with him. you know, he is showing the students corner fed what one and two looks like, and I'm running reps with him. You, you know, maybe he just felt that I was capable of, of helping him demo. So after that he's like, Hey, take this, take these six students do corner fed with them. I'm gonna take these other six and do center fed. I'm like, what are you talking about dude? Like, I have a Delta former unit guy that's asking me to take six of his students that has in entrusted in him with money that, that, and he's trusting in me to, to be able to teach them.

4 (1h 40m 13s):
Even this little bit of knowledge gave me a little fire in my gut, right? Nervous. Why my dude, I'm capable boy of doing this. Why are you nervous? This is what you, you're good at this. I'm like, but I can't believe it. I'm like, sure dude. Yeah, whatever, whatever you need, Roger that. So we go over there and, and then we're switching and then spend that whole day, I'm helping him teach. And then the next morning, second day of the course, he said, Hey, I want you to run the first scenario with, and then I want you to flow in with the students and kinda kind of help guide them a little bit if they get stuck.

4 (1h 40m 57s):
I'm like, yeah, cool. Phenomenal course. So we're at the end of the course and the students, I'm in the back, sat down as a student and these, there's 12 students. I'm like the 13th. And these students are given the pros and cons of the course. Like kinda like closing statements, right? About every student is thanking Kyle, but thanking me for my knowledge, everyone. And I'm like, what is going on? I started feeling some self-worth again. I started feeling like maybe I'm, I'm worthy.

4 (1h 41m 40s):
Maybe I shouldn't die. Maybe there's a purpose for me here. 'cause what really drawed me into Kyle was, is he started his course out is we're gonna talk about God And. if you don't like it, you can get out. I was like, dude, that's how I feel too. But like, it's hard to, to I'm in a bad spot right now, right? So, but the last students like, yeah, Blake, thank you for everything. Thanks for your knowledge. Kyle's like, Hey man, you didn't know this was job interview, did you? I'm like, I got my own training company. What you talking about? Job interview. I started my own training company talking we're competitors. No, not really. But you know, I'm like, in my mind, I'm like, man, I I got my own training company.

4 (1h 42m 23s):
I'm not gonna come work for you. Whatcha talking about? And then we started talking at the end of that. And then I saved my life. I've been with him ever since. And that was, that was the end of May, October 22nd, 2023. I was rebaptized. 'cause God gave me a second chance. He put the right people on my path to save my life and I will spend the rest of my life honoring him. And that's what I'm going to do.

4 (1h 43m 3s):
Because he gave me another opportunity, which I feel like I didn't deserve. He took something that the devil meant for evil and he turned it to good And he did it to save me. And had I met Kyle any sooner, I don't think we would've clicked the way we did. I don't think Kyle was, Kyle had just gotten back from his treatment that he needed to receive me into his life. Timing is everything. And I don't believe the day that I grabbed a gun and my phone went off.

4 (1h 43m 43s):
I don't believe in coincidences anymore. I believe in God's timing. I believe he is the power and he will guide you in the direction that you need to be. Even when you feel like that you're carrying the load all by yourself. But guess what brother? You're not. He's carrying you and he's carrying the load to help you get through it. And that's what he did. And that's how me and Kyle met. And we've been running and gunning ever since. He's my brother, man. I love him more than anything in this world. I I, I love that man and his family and Erica and his children. They are my family. And I'm just grateful for the opportunity to even, so I dropped my company, I prayed and prayed and prayed, man.

4 (1h 44m 30s):
I was like, man, what do I do? This is, I've always wanted to work for myself. And, and then prayers I kept, you know, were two or more gathered. There I am. I could do it by myself where we can partner up with Kyle as a team and use our platform to bring people closer to him. And that's what we're doing. We're also teaching you to be men, but more importantly, we want you to be Christian, men and women. So the next generation sees what that looks like.

6 (1h 45m 14s):
Wow. I definitely was not expecting to hear that

4 (1h 45m 22s):
Saved my life. I'm beyond grateful, man. I am the opportunities man. I, I, Sean is is, you know, I did a August last year, a couple months after I met Kyle, we got hooked up with Warren Parameter. We did this, we video shoot for him in Arizona. We're right around in Hilos. And I remember sitting there hanging off the side of it, Kyle to my right, two former still team, six guys on the, on the back end.

6 (1h 45m 56s):
And I'm like,

4 (1h 45m 59s):
What are you doing here? This is all God, I'm just a cop. I'm just a, at the end of the day, I'm just a cop. I have a former unit guy and I have two former seal team, six guys behind me. And I'm the fourth man. God is good when you submit to him, fully submit to him. After everything I just went through, here I am flying around on a, on a, on a little bird with, with these guys.

4 (1h 46m 41s):
And that was when I realized, man, this is all God. This is all God. Here I am. And here I am before you Sean, on probably the most respected platform in the world, in my opinion. And I was just a cop. God is great. He will put you where you need to be. Whether it's one person or a hundred thousand or a million, that can be saved by this message. Even if it's just one person I am where I'm supposed to be on the day that I'm supposed to be here with the person that I'm supposed to be with.

4 (1h 47m 28s):
And I truly believe that

3 (1h 47m 30s):
I believe that too

4 (1h 47m 39s):
Powerful.

3 (1h 47m 41s):
Very wow that, what did Kyle do when you, he found out about that?

4 (1h 48m 1s):
So my wife was the first time my wife ever heard about it.

3 (1h 48m 4s):
That was the first time anybody had heard anybody

4 (1h 48m 6s):
Had

3 (1h 48m 6s):
Ever heard anybody at all.

4 (1h 48m 9s):
It was the second night of the couples came, holy

3 (1h 48m 11s):
Shit.

4 (1h 48m 12s):
Everybody was crying. I was crying. My wife was crying. Wife was a little upset with me. 'cause she's a lot to him to come talk to me. I'm like, I wasn't thinking straight. I was thinking that I was saving y'all from me, is what I was thinking. I'm saving you from the monster I swore when I married you. I promise you nobody would ever hurt you again. And I'm I'm saving you from, from me. I'm the, I'm not physically hurting her. I've never physically hurt Excuse Me physically ever hurt my wife.

4 (1h 48m 53s):
But I was emotionally hurting her by just being an asshole, being a drunk. So I was gonna save my family.

3 (1h 49m 9s):
Does your son know

4 (1h 49m 13s):
He No,

3 (1h 49m 15s):
He's going to now, isn't he? Yeah.

4 (1h 49m 17s):
He listens to your podcast.

3 (1h 49m 20s):
How are you gonna handle that

4 (1h 49m 23s):
Man? He's such a cool kid. He's so understanding. He is, he is just such a good son. And, and we're gonna watch the episode together and we're gonna have conversations. That's what I told him. He asked, can I watch the episode? Yes, but not on your own. I'll watch it with you.

6 (1h 50m 4s):
Because

4 (1h 50m 4s):
I don't want him to hear that and think that I was giving up on them. I wanted to protect them. I just wasn't thinking right at the time because I was mentally dying from somebody else's drug addiction. I'd put my dad in front of my family for the first time, thought that I could save him 'cause I I can save anything, you know? And I failed and I felt like a failure. And then I felt like a failure as a father for putting them second and then still failing. And then now I'm failing at home after my failure of my father.

4 (1h 50m 49s):
It was time for me to go. But I think he's understanding enough to know because he has watched the,

6 (1h 50m 58s):
He,

4 (1h 50m 60s):
He watches everything I do, you know? And I love that kid, man. He's my hero. He is. you know, his, his dad sucks. His real dad sucks.

6 (1h 51m 16s):
He's,

4 (1h 51m 17s):
He, and he knows this, but he smuggles drugs with boats. He's a boat captain. He drives to Mexico and Florida all the time. He's been arrested. He's got a more wrap, he's got a longer wrap sheet than about any criminal I've ever arrested. My son Googled his, he googled his name one time. Found out that a month prior he had been in a hostage situation in Myrtle Beach. He took his girlfriend hostage and threatened to kill the cops on an 18 hour standoff. So, you know, we, we have some conversations, we talk and we're very open in our house about our emotions and feelings.

4 (1h 52m 3s):
And he's 16. But man, he is, he acts like a grownup. He's a, he's a phenomenal human.

6 (1h 52m 12s):
What's his name?

4 (1h 52m 13s):
His name's Henry Stacey Hayes. He used to call him. Stacy got made fun of in high school, I think. So he goes by Henry. But I found out recently that Hank is short for Henry. So now I call him Hank. Sounds cool. He likes it.

6 (1h 52m 29s):
So you won't tell him this before he watches.

4 (1h 52m 32s):
We're gonna talk about it. Yeah. I I don't want him to be a shock. We're gonna sit down as a family and have the conversation of, Hey, we're gonna listen to this show. We're gonna talk about this. And I'll explain to him everything that he is going to hear that could harm him or hurt him or not hurt him. But he be confused on, I want him to hear it from me directly before the show comes out.

3 (1h 53m 2s):
How long have you known this is how you're gonna do it?

4 (1h 53m 7s):
Gonna do what? Talk to him about this.

3 (1h 53m 11s):
Yeah.

4 (1h 53m 13s):
Oh man, Sean, this is,

3 (1h 53m 16s):
Did you know this before we spoke? I,

4 (1h 53m 20s):
I've never told nobody and I knew he would never find out, but when he heard I was coming on this show, he was excited. 'cause he had watched some other episodes and he's like, you know, you gonna talk about things? I don't know. I'm like, yeah. He said, what is it? I'm like, well, kind of why I've been hesitant to ever do anything like this is because I don't want him to be confused. But he understands trauma and he understands that, that Relationship with my dad, he understands that PTSD from law enforcement, he understands my injury from when I was in the Army.

4 (1h 54m 4s):
He understands that I, I have some trauma and he does a great job at, at keeping me happy and keeping me active. He's a major part of who I am now. But I'm going to talk to him about it because I think he needs to hear it from me first. Rather than hearing it on a podcast as a family. We're gonna talk about it and we're gonna talk about, this is what happened, this is why it happened. This is why I was upset. And he's so smart and understanding that I know that he's gonna understand because he's just, he's just like that. He's just a, he's a phenomenal person and he's understanding.

4 (1h 54m 46s):
And I don't think it's gonna be, you know, is it something that I did that was my biggest worry was, you know, was it me and mom, you know? But no man, it was just me, my own demons. Trying to save somebody that didn't want to be saved was hard. And then failing at that when you thought that you could, and he understands that, that we call, used to call him Papa Jim, my dad, He hasn't seen him in years since 2018. Well, he saw him two years ago. We were back home And we met with my dad at a state park at a little restaurant.

4 (1h 55m 31s):
And my dad was like shaking and, and it, it looked horrible. And we had a long drive home and we explained it and I told him that I'm not gonna expose him to Papa Jim anymore to protect him. And he understood. He was a little kind of scared why he was like that. And I was like, well, he is on drugs. I you're 15, man, I can't, I I can't hide it from you. He's on drugs. 'cause you could just tell he is on drugs. I mean, scabs, shaking your mouth, doing all the things you could just tell. So we had a long conversation that whole day about, about that.

4 (1h 56m 15s):
And he agreed that he, he doesn't wanna see that no more.

3 (1h 56m 26s):
Are you expecting some tough questions?

4 (1h 56m 28s):
Yeah, he's intelligent.

3 (1h 56m 30s):
What do you think the,

4 (1h 56m 31s):
I don't even know.

3 (1h 56m 33s):
The first question will be,

4 (1h 56m 35s):
I don't even know I'm scared to be honest with you. I'm scared of those, what those questions are gonna be. But I'm gonna answer them. Answer them with honesty. It's out. Am I gonna hide anything or try to make it sound better? It's out. Maybe he can take something away from this that you know, One that God is good, that don't ever give up on life. Don't ever give up on yourself and don't ever run when things get hard.

4 (1h 57m 19s):
'cause now he sees positive growth. He sees what we're doing now. He's already seen me at my worst. But I didn't give up by the grace of God. And things get better. Life is hard, but things always get better. At the end of every rainstorm, the sun comes out, you just gotta bear through the storm. And I hope that's what he learns from this. But he's gonna answer. He's gonna ask some tough questions.

3 (1h 57m 52s):
There's a lot of lessons to learn from in this already. Yeah. We're just getting started.

4 (1h 58m 0s):
Take a break.

3 (1h 58m 1s):
Let's take a break.

4 (1h 58m 3s):
Take a break.

3 (1h 58m 6s):
You All right Ben? Yeah,

4 (1h 58m 7s):
I'm good. That felt good.

3 (1h 58m 9s):
Some heavy stuff.

4 (1h 58m 11s):
Yeah. Felt good.

3 (1h 58m 14s):
Good.

4 (1h 58m 15s):
First time I've ever talked about it, other than with my wife and Kyle and Kyle's wife, Erica. So, you know, a lot of my followers on Instagram have a understanding of what I've been through, but they don't have a true understanding. 'cause everything you post online can be made to look a little better. Right. So, but you know, if you put yourself out there to, to fight evil or to do anything in that line of work, trauma is gonna happen. We're not meant to see things that we've seen or do, things that we've done. And that's, that's what I think he, he really understands is I don't have a normal job, nor did I have a normal job, nor did I see normal things.

4 (1h 59m 4s):
And, and with that comes some trauma. So yeah, it felt good to get it out. Good. I've been holding that in for a long time and I hope that it just reaches one person.

3 (1h 59m 19s):
I think it's gonna reach a hell of a lot more than that.

4 (1h 59m 21s):
Yeah. You think so?

3 (1h 59m 23s):
I know. So yeah.

4 (1h 59m 24s):
Feel good

3 (1h 59m 26s):
Blake. You gotta find forgiveness, man.

8 (1h 59m 30s):
I am.

3 (1h 59m 31s):
I hope you do. We're on now.

8 (1h 59m 38s):
I'm trying to figure out how to find forgiveness without physically telling him I forgive him. 'cause I don't want to talk to him.

3 (1h 59m 48s):
It's for you, man. It's not for him. Yeah.

8 (1h 59m 51s):
And maybe that's, that's, you know, that's crazy you said that. 'cause you know, my wife are having this conversation.

4 (1h 59m 56s):
She said the same thing. Maybe when I'm ready soon so I can move on. I need to call him and say, look, I do love you. You are my father and I forgive you, but I can't carry on this relationship. And I think maybe that's what needs to be said truly. But yeah, you're right. I need to forgive him and I feel like I'm ready to forgive him. I'm just scared of his manipulation. He's already messaged me, telling me he's sober.

4 (2h 0m 38s):
I'm 18 months sober dog. That don't even make sense. You were only in jail for nine months and the last time I saw you, you were on drugs still with my stepmom. So I can't help him. She is, she is. I have videos of her. Can't even put her shoes on. She is a, he's a bad drug addict. She is the worst drug addict I've ever seen. As long as he is with her, he'll never get clean. He'll never get clean. The moment he went to jail, she had some other dude living in the house begging him.

4 (2h 1m 19s):
She'll never get clean. And I'm so scared that that phone call for forgiveness is gonna lead to trying to save him again. That's what I'm scared of. Because where I am now and who I am now is not the same person I was. I'm a year sober from alcohol. I haven't had a drink or did I want to drink alcohol in this last year? Because I can feel God in my soul. And it's not that alcohol is bad, you're going to hell for drinking, man.

4 (2h 1m 60s):
It just doesn't do well with me. It brings the worst out in me. And my problem is, is once I get that feeling of the buzz, dude, it's like riding a bull. Man. I ain't stopping.

3 (2h 2m 20s):
Maybe it doesn't have to be a call, maybe it could be a written letter.

4 (2h 2m 27s):
I thought about it. I'm just gonna have to not put my return address it. Don't know. I don't know my address. Anytime I mailed those other checks, I didn't put a return address or I made one up. But there's no,

3 (2h 2m 44s):
I think it does two things. It allows your dad to die knowing that you forgave him. Yeah. And it set you free.

4 (2h 3m 5s):
Yeah.

7 (2h 3m 8s):
I,

3 (2h 3m 13s):
Let's take that break.

4 (2h 3m 19s):
Yeah.

Vigilance Elite Patreon (2h 3m 27s):
I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show and their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron starting at just $5 a month by visiting Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite. That's Patreon dot com slash Vigilance. Elite

The JD Bunkers Podcast (2h 4m 8s):
I want to introduce you to a company called Bunker. Bunker is an app developed by American Patriots with over 30 years in information security. Bunker is designed to help protect you and your family from cyber threats, including criminals, big tech and government surveillance. With Bunker, you get secure messaging free from surveillance. Bunker connects you with only trusted contacts who can reach you. You also get secure file storage by storing crucial documents like mortgages or family photos securely with the option to scan physical documents directly into the app. And you also have a password manager to help manage your login credentials safely. Bunkers tools help prevent identity theft, financial loss, and more. It even works without wifi or cellular service. Bunker believes that everyone should be able to communicate in private and have access to bank level security in their daily lives. For that reason, they are even offering family and friends you invite to sign up for free for a limited time download Bunker now from the app store, play store or visit their website Bunker Life. That's Bunker. B-U-N-K-R life. Use offer code SRS for 25% off making it less than a dollar a month. Download Bunker today.

3 (2h 5m 29s):
Alright Blake, we're back from the break and wow, I was not expecting to get that deep, that fast and

4 (2h 5m 43s):
You know, deep quick.

3 (2h 5m 44s):
Yeah, it did. It did. It definitely did. I am curious, what did, what did Kyle say when he heard that?

4 (2h 5m 57s):
He gave me the biggest hug. He was crying and just told me he loved me and, and said, I want you to know that as much as you needed me, I needed you in that exact moment.

3 (2h 6m 13s):
Wow.

4 (2h 6m 14s):
So that was, that was just good to hear. It was really good to hear.

3 (2h 6m 22s):
How much time had passed since, let's see, between June,

4 (2h 6m 30s):
Six months,

3 (2h 6m 31s):
Six months. You'd known him for six months since that call.

4 (2h 6m 33s):
That was November. I think we did the couples camp in October, November. But that was May, may when it happened. And he found out, and I think it was November.

3 (2h 6m 47s):
That is definitely some divine intervention.

4 (2h 6m 50s):
Yeah. Truly was. By how power. Pretty amazing.

3 (2h 6m 55s):
Very amazing. Wow. Incredible. Well, let's move, let's move into, wow, let's move on past high school.

4 (2h 7m 19s):
Let's go to college. Let's

3 (2h 7m 21s):
Go to college.

4 (2h 7m 22s):
That was a ride,

3 (2h 7m 23s):
Was it? That

4 (2h 7m 24s):
Was a ride. Rode that train hard. So I got a football scholarship And man, I was, I, I thought it was the greatest thing ever. So I got to Concord University, which is a school in West Virginia, Southern West Virginia. And I got there and coming from a small town, like our partying was different man. Our partying was in the fields, chucking Bud Light and drinking Bacard 1 51 by fire. Right? That's more dudes than girls. Whatever.

4 (2h 8m 4s):
you know, it's the country when, I mean, I, I grew up with half, I grew up with everybody that was there. Anyways, I've known 'em my whole life. So I go to college, man, and went, I went early for, for summer practice. It was kind of boring. It's just football all day. Meetings in the morning, meetings in the afternoon, practice in the morning practice at night. I was like, oh god, this sucks. So then the rest of the students started coming in and right as football was starting up, I went to my first massive college party. And it was in like an apartment complex.

4 (2h 8m 44s):
It was like all these apartments were having one big party. You could go from a apartment to apartment. So I go down to this one guy's apartment and he's, nah man, football players aren't allowed in here. I'm like, get outta here man. Get outta my way. Big boy. I mean, I thought I was something I was, couldn't tell me nothing. I was 18, I was at a football scholarship. I was on the football team. I took two steps and this dude came up behind me and punched the living fire out of me. Boom. Knocked me out. Fell down the steps. I woke up, my buddies were carrying me to the car, and they went back in the party and I laid in the car in pain. I, there's a small bone that's like right here that he had broken.

4 (2h 9m 27s):
And I had to go to the doctor the next morning and had to go tell my football coach. I can't play. 'cause I was at a party that wasn't even supposed to be at, you know, we weren't supposed to party. And he's like, well, fine, you're not playing. He goes, you know, you're gonna be redshirted and, and you know, don't even know if we're gonna carry on your scholarship next year. I was like, All, right. I understand, I understand. Whatever. So, man, for the next like two or three months, I never went, I didn't go to one class, not one class. I didn't even know where my class was. I knew where the food hall was and the gym.

4 (2h 10m 10s):
And I stayed in my room and played Xbox all the time. That was back when Call of Duty, when they had the zombies, the zombie game, man. I was playing that all the time. Partying at nighttime. Well, about November, well October, right before Halloween, I go to my room and on my door is this letter from the college. I'm like, what is this? Take it off. Go in my room, open it up. It's like, ah, dear Mr. Cook, you have zero attendance. Your grade point average is zero. We're informing you that if you don't bring your grades up, zero.

4 (2h 10m 50s):
Zero, literally zero, zero. Holy shit. I didn't go to one class. And if you don't bring your, your grades up or make an effort, then we're, we're gonna have to remove you from the college. Well, that should be easy. There's nowhere to go but up. So I was like, I reading it. I was like, bought it up, Sean, in this most beautiful rounded, small little tennis ball, Kobe threw it away. I said, they're not gonna kick me outta here. No child left behind. I'm like, dude, now I'm like, bro, it's not high school.

4 (2h 11m 30s):
you know what I'm saying? Dude, A month and a half later we're coming up on Christmas break. People were standing by my door, go to my room. They're like, Hey, Mr. Cook, how are you? I'm so and so in administrative office. I'm like, yeah, how are y'all? They, yeah. Did you get letter? Yeah. Well, you got a letter and you still didn't go to class? No. They were like, oh, cool. Make sure you leave nothing behind. When you leave here for Christmas break, you're no longer enrolled here. I was like, oh my God. I'm like, nah, let's work something out here. Right? I can't go home. I'm embarrassed. I mom's gonna kill me. She's like, nah, man, you gotta go home. So I called my mom, I'm embarrassed. She's like, ah.

4 (2h 12m 11s):
She's like, oh, you idiot, blah, blah, blah. She's like, but you know what? Everything's gonna be okay. She says, it's fine. I understand. Maybe you just couldn't handle, you know, a, a college, a university. I'm like, All, right, mom. Yeah, you're right. Can't, she's like, All, right. Cool. I'm gonna roll you in a community college and we're gonna get your grades back up and then we're gonna go talk to one and see if we can get you back in there. I'm like, absolutely, mama. That sounds like a great plan. I attended the first class for 15 minutes and I was like, this ain't for me. I got up, left my notebook and everything in there. Told the teacher I was gonna, the bathroom never came back. Well, my, my mom said that I couldn't find a party where I grew up.

4 (2h 12m 54s):
By this point. She was living in a little bit bigger city with like 20,000 people. What my mom didn't know is I could find a party in that city. 'cause Applebee's had happy hour at 12 o'clock. And I got drunk with a bunch of moms with their kids and the little carriers on the ground, like every day. So I didn't go to class. And my mom was infuriated. 'cause there she was, she had tried. I kept telling her, mom, maybe school's not for me. I'll get a job. I'll take a break. I'll mature a little bit. She's like, oh, cool. She's like, let's try that.

4 (2h 13m 35s):
I was like, All, right? So I stalled for like a year. I sleep all day, played Call of Duty all night. I'm, Hey mom, I'm gonna be a professional gamer. She said, you gotta go get a real job. You're a loser. I'm like, no, I'm not. I'm working on a career. She's like, playing video games is not a career. So finally one day she comes home and by this time she, she had met my stepdad and my stepdad was trying to get me to go, like, he worked, he did something with like delivering stuff for the coal mines. And he was like, Hey. He, he took me to work with him one day and I was like, oh my God, this sucks. I don't wanna do this. And finally she came in and she's like, Hey, you need to find a job or you gonna have to go.

4 (2h 14m 19s):
I'm like, mom, where am I gonna go? She's like, I don't know, you can't keep living here 'cause I'm just supporting this. I'm like, okay, that's my mom. I'm the, I'm the baby child. You're not kicking me out. You kidding me? My mom, Papa would light you up. You kicked me out this house. That's her mom and dad. So I'm like, All, right, whatever. So I'm playing video games. She calls me up, she's like, Hey, you find a job? I'm like, yeah, no, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm gonna go try Hi sports up to that new shopping center complex. She's like, okay, All, right? So I go up there and I'm like, oh man, please gimme a job. I'm like, I'm looking like a bag of ass, right? I got like sandals on and some, and some gym shores and a dirty shirt with Dorito cheese all over it and a hat backwards.

4 (2h 15m 3s):
I'm like, Hey man, y'all hiring. They're like, oh, we're not hiring you. And I was like, oh, wow. I thought this was gonna be easy. So I go outside and I'm sitting on the bench. I'm like, oh my God, she's really gonna kick you out the house. Where, where are you gonna work? I'm like, I'm not gonna McDonald's. I'm like, no, we'll figure this out. I hear this guy. He is like, Hey man, you okay? And I look up, he is kind of a bigger dude and he's got the old digital camo on. He said, United States Army. I was like, ah, man, I'm not doing so good. I'm like, my mom's about to kick me outta the house.

4 (2h 15m 45s):
I need a job. He's like, you need a job? How old are you? I'm like, ah. At, at that point I was 20. I'm like, I'm 20. He goes, come on inside, lemme talk to you. He's like, what do you do for fun? I'm like, man, I play Call of Duty. He was like, oh yeah. He goes, let me talk to you about real life. Call of Duty. It's just like, call of Duty. I was like, I was like, Whew just like, call of Duty. I'm like, I'm down. I'm like, let's go. We go inside. I do the little like, computer ASVAB thing. Got got my score. He's like, he's like, what do you wanna do? I'm like, I don't know.

4 (2h 16m 25s):
He goes, how about the infantry? I was like, what's it like? He goes, call of Duty, man. He goes front lines. He goes, just like the game you play all the cool gear. I was like, yeah, I wanna do that. He's like, All, right? Cool. Signed up, got a ship date for like, that was shit. Date was in January or December of 2010. And I go home. My mom, I'm playing video games and she goes, she still here? Do you get a job? I'm like, I did. She goes, oh man, I'm so proud of you. She goes, what are you doing? I'm like, mama joined the Army.

4 (2h 17m 8s):
She's like, oh my God, I killed my baby. Tell him you can't go. I was like, I don't think that's how that works, mom. I'm like, I've already signed paperwork. I'm, I'm fully committed. She goes, I oh my God, I killed him. She's like all hysterical. I'm like, no, no. And then my stepdad dad's like, no, it'd be, it'd be, it'd be, it's good for him. He'll be All right with him. My grandpa was in Vietnam. My grandpa called her and was like, Tammy, he needs it. My uncle was in the Air force. He needs it. He is a bum right now. He has no guidance. There's no discipline. All. right? 'cause I'd been handed everything because of football high school.

4 (2h 17m 52s):
Like, it's Friday, you have a game tonight, put your head down, take a nap, basketball Tuesday, Fridays, take a nap. You wanna go, Hey, I'm kind of hungry. I can't play tonight on empty stomach. Hey, well go down to the cafeteria. See, they'll feed you. Like babied all through school. Didn't do anything in school. And so I, I was, you know, I failed myself as a, as a young kid. But the people that were supposed to be molding me didn't do that either. So I had no drive, no discipline, no nothing. So I get sent to Fort Benning, Georgia and I'm like, oh my God, what did I sign up for?

4 (2h 18m 39s):
Soon as they get off the bus, everybody's yelling. It's complete chaos. People are holding bags over their heads. I'm like, come this. I ain't see this on Call of Duty. This wasn't on Call of Duty. No, it wasn't. Y'all supposed to hand me some sexy stuff. I got a bag and y'all are yelling at me. So I did basic right. My recruiter didn't gimme anything in my contract. Nothing. I didn't have anything. So about two months in and I, I started asking people what they're doing. Some people were like, oh man, I have, you know, the, the 18 x-Rays special forces, ah, I got, I got Airborne contract. I got this. And I'm like, man, I got nothing.

4 (2h 19m 19s):
I got now I don't have anything. I'm like, you know, people got bonuses and I'm like, if I ever go back home, I'm gonna fight this dude. He lied to me. It's not like Call of Duty. Everybody else is in here getting paid pretty good. I don't have anything in my contract. So about two months in basic, the drill structure comes in. He's like reading off everybody's duty assignments of where they're going. you know, if people with airborne contracts, some are going to Italy, some are gonna Bragg, obviously the at x guys are gonna Bragg and they're like, cook Korea. I'm like, huh? What do you mean Korea? Like, I'm the youngest child.

4 (2h 19m 59s):
Like when we went to like Chinese restaurants and stuff, my mom took me to McDonald's. How am I, I can't, I'm not gonna eat their food. I don't know what food they got there, but I'm gonna starve. What are we talking about? I can't go there. Are you absolutely kidding me? So I'm like, I'm panicking. I'm like, man, I'm like, some other guys are like, oh man, South Korea. That's kind of cool. I'm like, that's not cool. Like, at this point I was dedicated, right? I, I wanted to go fight bad guys. you know, once I put the uniform on, 'cause I come from a family of, of military people and I'm, I'm, I'm that generation now.

4 (2h 20m 41s):
My my younger half brother's now, he's in the 82nd. But I was the first one from, from, from as the kids to go do something. So, you know, I was listening to all like the Toby Keith music and stuff before I left, getting myself all like, hyped up, you know, the American soldier. So by this point I was like, I was kind in it, man. I was like, man, this is kind of interesting, whatever. But I wanted to go do something. I didn't just, I didn't know anything about what I was doing in the first place, but I knew I didn't want to go to Korea. 'cause I knew the guys didn't deploy from Korea to, to go fight a war. And we were still in war, right? So if I'm here, let's go do it. I still had that as they were starting to mold me to understanding of, of my purpose of why I'm here, right? I'm here, I'm here to go fight a war, go fight bad guys.

4 (2h 21m 23s):
So I'm like, I go in there, that was on like a, like a Friday and Sunday. It's like relaxed day or whatever, cleaning guns, whatever we're doing. And I find my drill sergeant, I'm like, Hey sir. I'm like Sergeant Ruthford. I'm like, Hey, staff Sergeant Ruthford or drill sergeant. Can I, can I talk to you? He's like, what you got? I'm like, Hey, I can't go to Korea. He's like, why? I'm like, well, one, like for real, I don't, I don't eat any kind of food like that. He's like, shut up and get outta here private. I'm like, no, no, for real. I wanna go do something. I want to go to war. You have to help me get somewhere that's gonna deploy me. I didn't just sign up for this to have a job.

4 (2h 22m 5s):
Now I know my purpose. I understand why I'm here and I understand the importance of why I'm here. I understand that there are people who have died wearing this exact uniform that I'm wearing. I want a purpose. He goes, pulls out. He's like, what? What have you got on your last PT test? I'd maxed out three hundreds on all my PT tests. I actually trained for this. I didn't have a job, right? So I had six months to train. I trained every day. I ran all the time. I did everything I could because I had been told that you can get contracts in basic. So I'm like, I want, I heard that I can get a airborne contract. He's like, look, you get a 300 on your next PT test.

4 (2h 22m 46s):
It, it was, it was coming up to be like the last PT test before a IT. He's like, you get a 300 on your PT test and I'll give you an airborne contract because you have the highest score here. You've had consistent three hundreds. I'll give you an airborne contract. I was like, yeah. I was like, I can do that. PT test was coming up about three days, be two days before the PT test. I came down with the flu, I diarrhea, throwing up, feeling weak. I'm like, oh man, dude, I'm really going to Korea. And the night of the, before the PT test, my bunk mate was like, Hey Cook.

4 (2h 23m 30s):
He goes, I know you ain't been feeling well, but you wanna buy something that'll give you energy. I'm like, what? What, what could you possibly have like packs of sugar? He stole, like, he goes, said, no, no, no. I, I was able to get a five hour energy shot from the commissary. I was like, yeah, he, I was like, how much? He's like, a hundred dollars. I was like, done, done. I'll, I'll get you the money when we get out. He goes, All, right Man, I'll rip that thing the next morning, man. I, I was throwing up on that run, but I was so dedicated to get out of a deployment to Korea or speed stationed in Korea that I maxed out that PT test.

4 (2h 24m 13s):
I got a 300 no shit. So, I mean, I, I'm pretty sure I'd, I'd shit myself on that run. I wasn't stopping, I wasn't stopping to puke. I had, I had to do this like, 'cause the pushups and setups were easy for me, but it was always the run that I always came so close to, to always passing to get to 300. It was always by like seconds. And I didn't have seconds to spare and I was feeling horrible. So they ruthford held up to his end of the bargain and gave me an airborne contract. So got the orders. Everybody else, again was pretty much going to Italy.

4 (2h 24m 55s):
Few were going to Bragg and, Hey, we'll get you to brag. I was like, man, that's great. I'll take brag from an hour and a half from Myrtle Beach, four hours from home. Like, that's, that's, that's okay. I can do that. I like that. And then I got to, you know, I went to Airborne School and man, it's just, just another, you know, month of just being treated like shit. And you know, now I'm talking to guys there that are, are like, yeah, yeah. I'm like, oh, where y'all going? They're like, oh, you know, we're gonna rasp after this. And I'm like, well, what's that? They're like, oh, you know, ranger selection. I'm like, dude, how did I not get any of this? Like, I forgot what my ASVAB score was.

4 (2h 25m 36s):
But it, it, it was, it was high enough to get these qualifications. I don't know, I can't remember what it was. It was like, it was like, I don't know, like 1 0 1 or something like that. I'm not sure. But it was high enough to get these contracts. My recruiter just, I was easy. Yeah, it was like a straight dog outside. And he gave me a little puppy chow, little, little food. And I was happy, right? He gave me a job to, I didn't think of the bigger picture. And I was like, man, I gotta get there, you know? That sounds cool. you know? That's the kind of people I want to be with. So I get to the 82nd, I get to brag.

4 (2h 26m 16s):
It was really cool, man. I was just like seeing all these like maroon berets and just the kind of the vibe that people were putting out. And I was like, yeah, this is, I like this place. This is cool. But when I got to my company, man, you just get treated like shit. There's like no true leaders at that time in the 82nd. It made just didn't kidding treats you like shit. There's nobody taking care of you. Nobody helping you or trying to be a leader. You got people that have never been leaders a day in their life. Like e four, like the E four mafia. Dude. Those dudes would treat you, beat you down and treat you like shit. Physically hit you and treat you like shit.

4 (2h 26m 57s):
Then expect for you to have morale it. And then the squad leaders would come down after doing nothing all day long. Instead of like going to do training. Five o'clock comes around, it's time to go home. Hey, we gotta go do area beautification. That's just not what I signed up for. I what? I signed up for it all. This is ridiculous. I was like this, I can't. 'cause at that point I was like, 20 years. I can do 20 years retire at, at 40 years old. Yeah, I could do that. At this point, I, I, I'm, I'm like committed. I'm in this, I'm like, man, I'm type of people I want to be around. But man, that I, I was very prideful wearing my maroon beret in, in my 82nd patch.

4 (2h 27m 42s):
But it was like every day bad leadership was sucking the morale outta me. I'm like, I wanna do this, but I gotta, I gotta get out. I gotta go. Maybe try out for something else. And that was when I saw my first SF guy. I was, we were in a gym and he was walking in, I had a Green Beret and I was like, man, what is that? He said, special forces. I looked it up. I said, man, that's, I gotta get there. That's what I wanted to do. I wanted to go be, I wanted to go to ranger school. I wanted to do this. And I had a horrible staff sergeant at the time. I mean, he was just a redneck from Louisiana. That just was, he had failed selection like three times.

4 (2h 28m 25s):
Failed ranger school. Didn't want any of his guys going anywhere, right? Because if I pass ranger school and I have a tab, what does he look like? Jealousy. He didn't want any of us going anywhere. Dude, I was smoking the MMPT. They would punish me by like stupid punishments by trying to smoke me. I looked at it as a workout. Smoke me out for hours. That just means I don't go to the gym after this. I enjoy it. I'm working out. I enjoy working out. I was taking all that hatred that we had talked about and I would put it into working out. I enjoyed it. Pushups, frontline and arrest, whatever. 'cause guess what? You're not gonna do it till I die. Eventually you have to stop and I just gotta outlast you and I can.

4 (2h 29m 11s):
But it was just all the time there just, there was no training. I think I did CQB like twice. Like the rest of it was walking around area J in the woods, acting like we were taking contact. Like there's no real training. I'm like, man, this is, this is not, it's gotta be something better than this. 'cause my motivation, I've been there for eight months and I'm like ready to leave. I'm like, this sucks. I'm getting treated like shit every day just for being good at PT or like not being able to take the machine gun like the, the two 40 at a certain time while people are yelling at me. And while I'm doing jumping jacks, I, I can't take this machine gun apart fast enough.

4 (2h 29m 55s):
And neither could they. That's the problem. I was being asked to do things that they couldn't do. But because they had been there and they had deployed some BS deployment to Iraq and didn't do anything but set on a fob, they were superior to us cherries. They thought they'd done something for their country. So instead of just taking us under our wings and teaching us the ways you treated us, like shit, you killed our motivation. Hey brother, we are your backup. We are the people that are gonna be fighting next to you. You don't want somebody next to you that hates you when you're trying to fight for your life. Because if you get shot, I'm gonna have to help you.

4 (2h 30m 36s):
You don't want somebody that hates you to help you. So how about you build us up? But it never got to that point. It never, it just, I saw the first Green Beret and I was like, that's what I want to do. I wanna be that guy. I started looking into it. I'd see, I'd see somebody that was in SF and I'd ask 'em questions. They were, they were nice guys. Hey man, what's it like? Hey, you know, we do this, this and this is grownup rules. Big boy rules. I'm like, dude, I gotta get there. 'cause I spent like my whole youth being a part of a really good team. Football, basketball. I always wanted to be the best.

4 (2h 31m 17s):
I wanted to be on the best team to win. And I wasn't on the best team to win. And I didn't wanna go to war not being on the best team. So I asked if I could go to the selection. No, I asked to go to ranger school. No, we're locked in. We have, we have an appointment coming up or we have training coming up. We don't have guys to spare. We're already short. I'm like, man, you should want me to go do these things. Like as a leader, I want you to be better because if you go and do these things and I, and I help build you up, then that's an, that's a, an example of what a good leader I am.

3 (2h 32m 5s):
They probably didn't understand that because that's how their leaders were.

4 (2h 32m 8s):
You're exactly right. It is a domino effect. They've been treated like that forever. And then it just keeps going and going and going. I think it's making a change now. Mainly because social media, right? I think a lot of these leaders have a lot of squad leaders on, on brag that follow, follow us and, and want to be good to their dudes. 'cause they're learning from what we're doing. I think it is making a change. But back then, man, I hated going to work. I hated it. I couldn't get outta there because nobody wanted to send anybody. 'cause if you sent me and I actually came back with a tab, you know, and you didn't have one.

4 (2h 32m 50s):
Like, yeah, it's, it sucked, man. It, it, it, it sucked. And then finally I gave up because they're like, yo, we're locked in on unemployment. So about November of 2011, we were supposed to deploy to Afghanistan. We went to Louisiana. No, we were gonna go to Louisiana. It's JRTC and it got canceled. Then the deployment got pushed. So we did a jump, supposed to deploy like the following week. So I went in for a haircut at this place called Frederick's Salon in Fayetteville. And I went in there and, and this girl cut my hair, Did a great job talking to her.

4 (2h 33m 37s):
Super awesome person. Really connected with the person. Man, I thought she was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life, man. I thought she was beautiful. And I left to say goodbye. And then we went to some other training. Oh, we went to Dahlonega to train for about two weeks. And I came back and they were like, All, right guys, your appointment got pushed again to February. I

3 (2h 34m 2s):
Was like,

4 (2h 34m 3s):
All, right, whatever. So I went in for a haircut and My wife was the one that I connected with. She was like, Hey, she, she just got outta a relationship. She was dating this guy that was in the Q course and he went to Germany and cheated on her and stuff. So she wasn't looking for a relationship, neither really was I. And she was like, Hey, I, let's all go out tonight. I'm gonna, I'm gonna hook you up. The girl that was in the chair next to me, she thought you were cute. I'll set it up and I'll just go out tonight. Bring some of your friends. I was like, yeah, that's awesome. Let's do that. And we go to, to my, my wife's apartment. And the girl never showed.

4 (2h 34m 43s):
So I was like, All, right? So we all just started hanging out and then me and my wife started hanging out and stayed all night with her. Didn't have sex. Thought that was awesome. Got married like 41 days later. 41 days. 41 days. Yeah. That date alone is crazy. January 4th, 2012 is when I got married. Well, we had just found out this past year, her grandparents were married January 4th. No way. I found out in a newspaper article that my aunt posted on Facebook that my dad's parents married January 4th.

4 (2h 35m 26s):
Wow. No idea. We had no idea. Wow. We have 'em hanging up in our house, both of the articles. Hers is a wedding invitation. Mine's an article. Super crazy. Very cool. So how I met my son is about that third or fourth night I was over at her house and it was like in one of those old historical homes downtown Fayetteville that they turned into like a, an apartment complex with like four apartments. We had a backyard. So we had a fire going. She had her son. She said, Hey, I'm, he's in the bathtub. My mom's watching him. I'm gonna go put him, put him in bed. I was like, All, right? Cool. I'm sitting out by the fire and by myself and hear like little footprints.

4 (2h 36m 6s):
I'm like, oh, what is that? This kid runs over. He is like soaking wet. He sets on my lap, looks right at me, dead on my face and says, I love you. I'm like, whose kid is this? First of all, who's whose kid is this? I'm a little freaked out. She's like, oh my god, Stacey mom, you were supposed to watch him. She's like, he just ran out and you know, she, she's, she's got hip replacements. She can't really run after him. She's like, I'm so sorry. I mean, you weren't, you weren't supposed to meet you. I was like, she's like, you know, 'cause she didn't want him to meet me, obviously, because she didn't wanna traumatize him with, with, you know, some, some male at his house.

4 (2h 36m 48s):
And, and I don't know, we got married 41 days later and just instant, the instant, I just felt this instant love for them that I've never felt before. And, and what was your second interaction with him, with your son? We had, I came over, we had, I had breakfast with him and stuff. And then about a week I just, instead of staying at the barracks, I just stayed there at their house. And when did you start getting close to him? Almost immediately, honestly.

4 (2h 37m 29s):
Really? Yeah. What drew you in? He was so loving. He is just, he was a good kid, but man, he was hell on wheels too though. One time I had to discipline him, I was like, Hey, go sit on your bed. He's like, little kid, man. He did something. He wasn't listen to says mama said, Hey man, go sit on your bed. You're in timeout. So he goes and sits on the bed. I hear him in the air, like messing with the bed. I'm like, Hey, five more minutes. Just added. He looks at me dead in my face and goes five more minutes.

4 (2h 38m 10s):
I was like, I was like, I was like, Hey, I can't whip this. I can't whip him. She's gonna have to go in there and deal with that. I was like, I'm about to lose it. She, what do you do? She starts busting out laughing. I'm like, no man, go in there and whoop, whoop that tail. What you talking about? So, you know, we, but we've had a, a, a great relationship since day one. Since since day one. It is just, it's, it's just like he's my child since day one. And, and I wasn't trying to be his dad. He already had one. I didn't know anything at the time. Like his dad was, was, he knows this, but his dad was very abusive.

4 (2h 38m 53s):
Like, when I met my wife, my wife had screws screwing her windshields down. Not windshields, sorry, her windows down in all of her on in, all in, around the whole house, in the whole apartment. She had like five or six locks on the inside of the doors, keeping 'em from being kicked in. So it was a, I always, I never knew at the time. I didn't know, I didn't know anything about that. I always thought it was weird. I thought, okay, well maybe somebody previous said this, but yeah, the windows were, were locked back door had the same thing. It was a pretty bad situation that I came into, but I found it out weeks later. And I was like, ma, I'm not, she's like, she didn't tell me.

4 (2h 39m 35s):
Her mom told me, and I confronted her about it. She's like, I I don't want you to leave. She's like, I, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry, but I, I feared if I told you you're, you're, you would leave, you know, it's hard to find somebody as a single mom anyways, but it's really hard to find somebody that has a, a crazy abusive ex. I'm not going, I'm not going nowhere. But that don't, all I ask for from here on out is, is honesty. And that's what our whole marriage has been, is honesty. And, and that was, we got married January 4th, 2012, like 41 days later, went down, had a marriage, hit the courthouse, you know, got married in a, in a red button up with a cheetah print tie, you know, nice.

4 (2h 40m 23s):
Some vans, man. And she, she was, she's dressed up nice. Had some, had some guys from the one leader that was phenomenal. Two leaders. One was named Nick Freddy and the other one was named Dekar Dakota Car de Santos, which ended up becoming one of my best friends. Really? Took me under his wing. Phenomenal human being. He was a gym now in Pennsylvania. Phenomenal human. He was, man, he kept me going every day. He was a phenomenal leader. And if he would've stayed in, he would've been a phenomenal leader. But he was there at my, at my little wedding.

4 (2h 41m 4s):
And you know, we, I didn't know any better or anything at the time. And I didn't tell anybody that I got married. I didn't tell anybody. And so finally the training came for J-R-O-T-C, right? And I'm walking around in Louisiana, my phone's just, I'm like, dude, who is calling me? They've been calling me for 10 minutes. Slow it down. It's like it took 28 missed calls from mom. I'm like, dang. She found out. I'm like, dang, this is going to be bad.

4 (2h 41m 46s):
So we carry on with the, with the little training exercise we were doing, we get back to the little hoochs and I call her and she's, she's like my grandma, my grandma be her mom. She should have been a CIE spy on Facebook. She could have found anything. She was the Facebook Farmville queen man. She lived on it. She goes, well, well, mom said that on so and so that, that so and so saw where you got married. She goes, are you married? I'm like, yes I am. Yes I am. Mom, mom. She goes, oh my God, oh my God, you're an idiot.

4 (2h 42m 29s):
And I'm like, they have a great relationship now. But I was like, she goes, I had to find out through your grandmother on Facebook. I'm like, sorry about that. I was like, makes you feel any better. Nobody else knew unless you lived here. And so finally, man, we, we, we got through that. And then I deployed at the end of February. So I met my wife, got married in 41 days, went into training for a month right after I got married, and then deployed two weeks after I got home. Wow. So how'd you propose to your wife?

4 (2h 43m 11s):
A private way, you know, there's a little bar restaurant downtown called Hus Hardware. It's the first place we ever went to. We, we had dinner and we had a little, little thing in the corner and, you know, took an e asked her to marry me. And I was shaking so bad. I'm 21 years old, I 22 at the time. I'm like, you know, couldn't, couldn't even get it out. Right. And I just knew I loved her. That's, that's all I knew. I I, I just knew that man, I've, I, I don't even know, like, I've never even felt this really, this kind of love.

4 (2h 43m 52s):
Like, other than like my mom. Like, but I, I feel like I almost love her more than my mom. I loved her so much. And yes, I proposed at a restaurant, right? And then we got super wasted. Went to Dollar Night at Lito's downtown. Everything was a dollar, you know, we were howing life, you know, we were just living it up. She, at the time, she's older than me. She's a cougar, you know, she's 39. I'm 35, so, you know, she's, she's older and, you know, free haircuts for life though. But, you know, whatever, it's a perk.

4 (2h 44m 32s):
But I deployed and then a couple weeks into deployment, my son's father found out that I was gone. He was, he was infuriated, he was livid at this point. And because he didn't been, he hadn't even been around really. But he just shows up and tries to cause violence. When you were there? Never when I was there. But once he found out, I left, when was game on? There's police reports. Like when I became a cop at Fabo, I, I kind of looked into some addresses and stuff. He actually tried to cut a pipeline at that apartment and try to blow the whole apartment up. What?

4 (2h 45m 12s):
Yeah, before I was around, like, did some Sean, some of the most horrific things I've ever heard of to her. And I, I don't wanna say 'em because they're, they're her stories, but it was gnarly. It was really bad. So she's like, Blake, you know, I don't know what to do. So call my mom. I, Hey mom, I got a favor to ask you. I'm like, it's gonna be a hard favor, but I need Nicole and Stacey to come stay with you. I explained the situation.

4 (2h 45m 53s):
She said, tell 'em, come on. And she took them in, took care of 'em, made sure they were safe. And, but my wife, every other weekend, my wife had to drive to Fayetteville. Five hour drive. She'd drive, drop Stacy off on Friday, drive back to West Virginia. 'cause his, his grandfather, his real dad's dad had custody, not his dad. 'cause it's part of the good old boys system. He had a bunch of money in Fayetteville and knew the judges and how that even worked out is backdoor deals.

4 (2h 46m 39s):
But she would turn around and drive five hours Sunday to go pick him up and then drive five hours back. She was driving 20 hours in a weekend. Wow. So, strong woman. But, you know, and my mom took him in. And so it was just, you know, it's, it's a standard deployment. It was, it was winter. It was starting to phase out of that wintertime, right? We're starting to get into the fighting season that you always kind of hear about. When we first got to Five Warrior, the Polish were still there. And, and PS were crazy. Like they were, they were somehow making like whiskey and, and or whatever they were making.

4 (2h 47m 22s):
Like them dudes were, them dudes were wild. Like it was cool to see that. It was a cool experience. And you know, we, we, we were doing the exchange with him one time and we were on a route and there was an IED and it was close to, you know, we were like an hour away from like, surfing turf, right? And then, and dude we're like, oh, you know, we'll call EEOD to come out and look at this man. These dudes just start chucking grenades. They're like, oh, we'll blow it up. I'm like, this, this is not how we operate. Right? Like, that seems kind of dangerous. They're like, oh no, we gotta eat. We got surfing turf. So I was like, this is what, this is wild. This is crazy.

4 (2h 48m 3s):
And you know, so finally they ended up leaving and then, you know, the rest of the big 82nd started coming in, right? Command sergeant, major love dude was a soup sandwich man. And he was the head of, of everything. And it just got to the point where like, Hey man, we're at war. We get mortared every day. Like, why do I gotta wear a PT belt to go to the bathroom? Why do I gotta wear a PT belt to go to the chow hall? What are we doing here? And that was when I was like, I have to get outta the 82nd because this is, this is, this is crazy. I'm wearing a PT belt and I'm shaving in like horrible environments.

4 (2h 48m 46s):
'cause I can't have like a little scruffle like I'm shitting in MRE bags at the outpost. Like, and I'm still having to shave up there. What is going on? It doesn't make sense. Everybody's stuck in this World War ii, guess what, that was great. They did great things. It's not World War II anymore, right? It's a different environment. Y'all can loosen up a little bit. This is not that long ago. Like, that's a long time. We can chill out a little bit. I don't need to shave and shit in an MRE bag. Like nobody's bothering us. It was just, everything was ridiculous. But, but it was, it was fun though.

4 (2h 49m 30s):
The, the, it started to really get to know the guys. We started forming as like a little team. We had gotten a new squad leader at the time. His name was Sergeant Staff, Sergeant Garcia Boes. He was like, he's had like all these jumps. He was a black hat for a while. He was, pat Tillman was, went to his class in jumped school. So he was a, a awesome guy. Very old school though. But he, he took, he looked out for us. And then before him we had Nick Freddy, who was he de he deployed like seven or eight times to Afghanistan.

4 (2h 50m 13s):
Like, in my eyes, he was like a legend. Like, man, this guy's still alive. He's got eight deployments in 10 years of his career. Like, he'd, he'd been deployed like all the time. And he was like, he was so chill. Like we had him as a squad leader for like seven months. And man, he just taught you everything. Like he just took care of you. He just taught you everything. But I still couldn't go anywhere 'cause we're locked in on unemployment. So then he got sent to another company, I think like Delta Company, and then we got Boche, which was awesome to have. And then we deployed. But I mean, it, it is actually felt good because there are a lot of good young guys in the 82nd.

4 (2h 50m 60s):
There's a lot of, there's a lot of good dudes in the 82nd, you know, the, the conventional army has been overshadowed. People think it's not cool anymore. Like being in the infantry, like standard infantry because of social media, right? Social media now when, when you think of something sexy, you think of beards and, and like plate carriers and cutoff t-shirts and you know, the, the, the special operations community. Like, it's, it, it looks cool and it's, you know, a lot of guys in the 82nd are, they're really good dudes. And I think they feel maybe over overlooked. you know, maybe like we're not as important anymore because we're just in the 82nd. I've heard guys tell me their story.

4 (2h 51m 41s):
Well, I was just in the 82nd. Hey man, be proud. Yeah, be proud of what you did. You're still in the infantry, you're still in the 82nd, you're still jumping outta planes. Be proud of what I'm so proud to be in the 82nd. I don't go around and try to act like I was in SF or anything. I'm proud of what I did because what I did set me up from where I'm at for where I'm at. Now, that was where I'm supposed to be. So I tell all those guys, anybody to this day in the 82nd, be proud of what you're doing. Your service is not overlooked. You guys, there's a lot of really good young dudes who are, who are changing this. They're changing the 82nd, you know, I've written, reached out by several guys and I will go on post and train any of those guys for free from the 82nd because I didn't get that.

4 (2h 52m 34s):
I didn't get any CQB training except for basic. And it was the whole like grab lean rock, lean rock, like old school stuff. My heart is with them guys. Man. If they ever need anything from me, like they, they message me all the time. And I will do whatever I can for you. If any training, any shooting, any advice for like, after the military. Like, I got you because I'm proud of what, and I'm proud to know you. Be proud of your service. So we had one of the SF groups, I don't know which one that was on our, on FB Warrior too. So we would see them around and, and they just had like a different life, right?

4 (2h 53m 18s):
Everything was just kind of carefree and, and big boy rules, you know, they're, they're treated like big boys 'cause they're, they are, right? They come from an, an amazing group or amazing unit or amazing team. And, and something about that, I was like, man, when I, when I leave here, I'm, I talk to Boez and, and he's like, I, he's like, I'll help you. He's like, we'll, we'll we'll get all the paperwork done, we get back, we'll do everything. And I was so excited, man. I was like, so excited. And then May 24th, 2012 came. We were, that week we were the QRF and whatever outposts that, that the SF unit had, they were taking contact and we were going out to help them.

4 (2h 54m 9s):
The fastest road to, I later found this out, the fastest road to them. 'em was, they labeled it as a black road. It hasn't been cleared of an IED in two weeks, but it was the fastest route to them. So that's the one that our amazing leadership decided that we were gonna go take. And we hadn't turned off highway one, but maybe more than a half a mile. And I'm the gunner and we're driving and then it's so crazy. Even think about it now. It's so crazy. I saw this massive bright light and then it was like slow motion of seeing the dirt.

4 (2h 54m 56s):
I could see like piles of dirt. It was so crazy. Like slow. I never heard it. I just saw it and I saw the dirt come up and I felt this heat pressure pushed me back. And my back plate broke in half. And then I came forward and smashed the whole left side of my face on the butt stock of the two 40. And I woke up, they said about 10 minutes later on a gurney, I'm hearing people scream, I'm hearing people talk about the QRF that's coming for us. Just got ran over an IED, they're seasonal operations.

4 (2h 55m 38s):
I hear Apaches, I hear something about a ambushes. So the vehicle in front took, took the main blast, right? Our front half of her vehicle caught it. 'cause it was like kind of in between. But I got the, the back blast. The pressure is what got me. It pushed me back. It broke my plate. And then I slung forward and then broke the whole left side of my face. I, to this day, still have no feeling on the left side of my face. Damn. There's, it's, it's, you can look at my nose and tell that it's, it's broken. So I have no feeling anywhere over here. This is, they never fixed it, never gave me surgery for it. Nothing. It's just, it's, the nerves are gone.

4 (2h 56m 18s):
It's crazy. I can feel this side, but not this side. So if you ever see me with a face tattoo like Mike Tyson, it'll be on this side. Just so you know that teardrops. But I remember laying on the, on the gurney and they're trying to get a bird in, man. One of my really good friends, he's calling him the nine line. His name's Josh Ach. Al are you aware or you just conscious? I was, I was aware at this point I could feel bleeding. I could taste the blood. I just didn't know where it was coming from. And actually I have a scar on my head. It was a massive, it's a massive gash that, that's mainly where I was bleeding from.

4 (2h 56m 59s):
And, but I had no idea. I had a massive headache. My ears were ringing and there was just tons of confusion. But I could, I could see Marsh act next to me and he's calling in the nine line. I'm kind of, I'm kind of hearing what he's saying, but like, I'm kind of going in and out too. And I love that dude to this day. Like we still talk and I still think him, anytime I see him, I hug him. Hey man, thanks for getting that nine line for me. Then a bird came down and they got me on the bird. And crazy story about that too. They got me on the bird and I'm laying there and man, my head's killing me.

4 (2h 57m 40s):
I'm bleeding and on the ceiling is a flag. you know how some of 'em will put their team flag or whatever on the ceiling. Man, it was a black beard flag. It was this guy. And I didn't know my injuries. I thought I was dying the way everybody was acting. They're cutting clothes off on me. And, and I pass out and I wake up at the little medical spot on F Warrior And I got all these doctors around me, you know, asking me about filling in my legs, my brain, my brain. I had a massive knot, like a huge knot. They're like, oh, you know, they're trying to do all these things, but they couldn't find me to Bagram weather was so bad.

4 (2h 58m 25s):
What? Whatever they call it, the sky was red. I don't, I don't know, whatever they call it. But, so I laid there for two days, just I remember laying there and we'll get to that in a second. But, so they gimme some, some morphine, like I'm feeling kind of good. And I'm laying there. And then the next morning the command sergeant major and the, the commander walks in and they're like, Hey private cook, like we need talk to you about something. I'm like, drugged up. I remember the conversation. They're like, Hey, we need you to call your wife.

4 (2h 59m 8s):
I'm like, okay. I'm like, yeah, that'd be great. Can I got a phone? I can call her. I'm like, because I had like one of those little hodge phones that you could buy with the minutes. Yeah. I was like, Hey, somebody gimme my phone. They're like, but here's the, here's the problem is the 82nd and the family readiness group called my wife that night, told my wife that there was an accident and I was deceased.

6 (2h 59m 35s):
Are you fucking kidding

4 (2h 59m 37s):
Me? Next to my mom

6 (2h 59m 39s):
And

4 (2h 59m 39s):
Your mom and my mom. And there was about an hour from my call, from the call she received from the, from, from when I called her. They called her first. They called her first thing that morning, not that night, first thing that morning. And then I was able to call her an hour later and she goes, her exact words was, who the fuck is this? I like, Hey, it's me. I'm like, I sound funny 'cause I'm un morphine. I'm not dead. I'm alive. I'll call you in a little bit. She's like so confused. I'm like, Hey. I'm like, this is really me. I promise.

4 (3h 0m 20s):
They get on the phone, they're like, ma'am, Ms. Cook, we're sorry about this. Like, she is, he is alive. Nobody had died, but like,

6 (3h 0m 29s):
Holy shit.

4 (3h 0m 31s):
So for an hour, my wife and my mom thought I was dead. Like, how do you, how do you fuck that up? Because some army wife calls my wife and tells him news that shouldn't even been delivered to her. Why would you do that? It's not your responsibility. So that was, I think that still bothers my wife. Maybe that she got that phone call, but I can't even imagine man, how she felt. So, but at least they were, they caught it fast enough to where it wasn't a day, right?

4 (3h 1m 16s):
Or hours. It was about an hour. And I think what happened is the lady that was ahead of the FRG had told her husband that, Hey, I called the wife, she's okay. It's like, well, hold on, nobody fucking died. He just got hurt really bad. So we're able to clear that whole mess up and you know, which was caused anxiety for the whole rest of the deployment for my family. But they finally get me to bogram. I get a bogram and you know, I have massive headaches. I don't feel well. I'm still throwing up.

4 (3h 1m 57s):
My legs are feeling weird. My back is like super sore. And I didn't break my back, didn't have any spinal damage. I just had like, my whole back was black. I guess just some nerve damage. So they're like, Hey, we can send you to Germany and then send you home. I'm like, hey. Or I'm like, can I stay? They're like, well that's how do you feel? I'm like, I feel great. You can't send me home. That's an embarrassment. I failed at college. I'd failed my family about getting a job. Like I, I'm on a continuous path of failing. If I go home early, look like a bitch, I'm, I, I let my grandfather down, you know, I'm not dead.

4 (3h 2m 47s):
So why do I need to go home? So then they, they, they were like, that's fine, but you're not gonna be operational for a little while. Take, take these ambien in the morning. And at nighttime sleep I was taking like two Ambien a day. One in the morning I'd eat breakfast, take an Ambien, go to sleep. I'd wake up, go eat dinner, take an Ambien, go to sleep. Then, then I was like, oh, I need pain medicine. They gave me oxycodone over there and I was like, I stayed high and and tired. Then like I kicked all of it to the curb. 'cause, 'cause now people like are looking at me like I'm a pussy.

4 (3h 3m 27s):
Like, like they don't know the extent of my injuries. When I got back, I told 'em nothing was wrong. They don't know that I, I, I have some brain scans that, that, you know, they, they told me I was fine, but later on when I got back home. So I get back home and we, we do the appointment, I do a couple missions with them and then I, I get back home and we do a battalion run. I think I'm fine. I feel fine. I do the run. Don't even remember the run. I remember walking out to the field hearing some ac dc we're all lining up and I remember drinking water. That was it. That's all I remember. So then I was like, man, how do you know you did the run?

4 (3h 4m 10s):
I don't know. How do you know you missed something? Because people had told me that I was, I ran. So I was in the formation. My shirt was wet, we had gray battalion shirts. My shirt was soaking wet. I thought maybe I was dreaming. I didn't know what was going on. People had told me I had ran, I don't remember the run. Correct. And my shirt's trenched. I mean you're talking October North Carolina, 80% humidity. I'm soaked. I thought, man, maybe I just blacked out. So a couple days go by. I start having these random nosebleeds, these massive headaches, my eyes like start hurting over here on the sides.

4 (3h 4m 53s):
I'm like, man, I don't feel right. Something, something's not right. I started getting like that, that feeling that we have when we stood up and your legs are tingling, that would come and go. I felt like my legs were always asleep. I'd be standing and I'd get this tingling and I'd have to Leon on, on my wife. So finally, I, I go, I go to Walmack and well, I asked, I asked to go to Walmack and I pretty much get told I'm, I'm a pussy, being a pussy. Suck it up. You gonna be a sick hall ranger? I mean, hey man, like I got hurt. Like, I'd like to get a follow up. So finally they let me get a follow up and get these scans done, get a full body scan, and ended up being committed to the hospital.

4 (3h 5m 40s):
I had some, some, I had swelling in my brain and I had some, some optic nerve issues, and I had some nerve damage in my spine. So I'm in the ho. I stayed in the hospital for like a week and then they, they, we get the swelling down. They, they bring in a doctor who enrolls me into the first womac traumatic brain injury pipeline. There was five of us. One guy killed himself, one guy dropped out, two guys dropped out, and two of us completed it. Me and another guy completed it. So for two years I did this pipeline.

4 (3h 6m 21s):
I met with a world renowned brain doctor. I can't remember his name. I'm, but me and my wife met with him once a month. To this day, Sean, I don't know why I was having the issues. It was never explained to me. Nobody ever got answers. Nobody ever got anything. I had a doctor, a neurologist told me that she thought I had STDs. What exactly I got off the phone with my wife. I'm like, what? And then she ended up getting fired because she was sexually harassing patients. The whole system was broken. To this day, I still don't know what happened.

4 (3h 7m 3s):
I did speech, memory and physical therapy every day for two years. Well, a year and a half. And I got transferred to the Warrior Transition Battalion because I had so many doctor's appointments and I couldn't ever get an answer. The army never wanted to admit that they messed up by letting me go back and not fixing me right then. 'cause that's on them. They let me go back. I'm sure that that doctor wasn't, one didn't that did the brain scans. There's no way you didn't find that my brain wasn't swelling. I had a nod out to here and I was throwing up with nosebleeds. You just gave me Ambien. I don't know if there was like, Hey, we can't send, just send people to Germany unless you're like, actively dying.

4 (3h 7m 47s):
I don't know. I don't know. But to this day, I never got answers of what happened to me. I have a medical file that's this thick. I'm a hundred total and permanent, but I never got answers. I could never get answers ever. So for a year and a half, I did speech, memory and physical therapy with no answers to what was wrong. But whatever they were doing was working. So after a year and a half, I felt normal because I, I had all these like, like shock therapies on my brain. I had these needles put all over. I had all these things done, but nobody ever told me why, why I'm doing this.

4 (3h 8m 27s):
Like, oh, you know, you got a brain injury. It's just something we're doing something we're testing out. I'm like, I'm not a rat in a lab. What's wrong? What are you doing to fix me? Oh, you know, you have great care team. They got it taken care of. Yeah, that's great. But what are they doing to fix me? Have they not explained this to you? No. Bring it up to 'em. I bring it up to 'em. Nothing. Nothing. It was, it was horrible. You wanna know why guys are killing themselves because they can't get answers. You don't care. You're a civilian or you're in the military and, and, and you're not giving people the answers that they need. 'cause you don't care. Something's wrong with me. What is wrong with me? If the Army fucked up, I, that's fine.

4 (3h 9m 9s):
I'm not gonna blame the Army, but nobody ever told me what was wrong. So I got released from the pipeline. I had this little ceremony, whatever they're, God, this is successful. I'm like, cool. They send me back to my unit, send me back. I can leave Warrior Transit Battalion and get back to the 82nd, get in the 82nd. Everybody's like rigging up, getting all their stuff little, Hey, cook. Hey man, glad you're back. Go get your ruck needs to be this weight, blah, blah, blah. Or you got a combat jump tonight and we're gonna walk back to the company and you're gonna jump to two 40.

4 (3h 9m 49s):
I'm like, I just got back. Like, I just walked in the company. I'm like, what do you mean I'm not jumping? I just, I just did this for a year and a half. This was like the end of the, end of the end of 2013. So about about December of 2013, I'm like, I only have like six more months left on my contract. I'm like, I'm not jumping. They're like, oh, you're gonna jump, you're not with the Warrior Transition Battalion anymore. You're gonna jump. I'm like, man, this is bullshit. This ain't right. First Sergeant was mad. They're all mad because I went to the Warrior of Transition Battalion and got help that I needed.

4 (3h 10m 31s):
Whether I got told what was wrong or not, whatever they did worked, I felt better. I, I still have some stuttering when I get excited. If you watch any of our videos on Instagram, and I'm like trying to teach, sometimes I'll stutter, but whatever they did, like, it was great. And I'm, and I'm grateful for those people. But to this day, I'd still like to know. But, so I get rigged up. I got no option. I'm gonna E four, you know, like, can't argue. They're either gonna gimme an article 15 for disobeying orders, six months before I get out, or I can just suck it up and jump somebody. Cool, whatever. I'll jump to two 40 at this point.

4 (3h 11m 12s):
Whatever. We jump, jump out. Parachute opens, everything's fine and dandy, bam, head bust right off the windshield of a Humvee. Smacked the Humvee on the ground. I woke up, man, I don't know, maybe I even could, couldn't have been long. 30 seconds later, I'm like, damn, I got a headache. I'm like, dude, suck it up. Suck it up. Put my parachute up. Met up at, at, at the meetup point, the rally point, and I'm laying on the ground and, and Sergeant Boche is right there, and I'm just throwing up.

4 (3h 11m 53s):
I am just yaking. He goes, cook what's wrong? I said, Hey man. I hit my head off the Humvee and he shined a light and I, I was, I was bleeding down there on my face. He's like, are you sure you hit your head? I'm like, yeah, I'm throwing up. He's like, Hey. He goes, go to the medical tent right now. He goes, you only got six months left. Go to the medical tent right now. Went to the medical tent, took me to the hospital. Same doctor in the er, super cool. Right back into the Warrior Transition Battalion. The next day they treated a my concussion for about five months.

4 (3h 12m 33s):
And then they were like, Hey, you seem fine. See you later. Go pick up your DI walked in still thinking I had treatment. I still had like a month left of my contract. And they were like, Hey, you go pick up your, your DD two 14 and, and take this leave. I was like, okay, that sounds great. Is it, am I okay? Am I good to leave? You've been like, yeah, your doctor's cleared off all your paperwork. We have all your paperwork. I'm like, nobody ran that by me. Nobody told me I was cleared. No shit. I was like, let me see my paperwork. There. It was. So they rushed you out? Rushed me right out. Pushed me right out the door. I went to a social support center, picked up my DD two 14, and I didn't do any hard.

4 (3h 13m 18s):
I didn't need any out processing, dude. I still have, I had like my helmet. I didn't do any outprocessing. Never got a letter for to bring it in. Nothing. They rushed me right out. See you later. And man, that's why I do encourage people to, if you want to stay in this longer, try to get to those other units, man, because I, I feel like you might get better treatment. Maybe it's different now. I mean, it's been, my God, it's been 12 years now, but to this day, I, I have no idea. I just know how I felt.

4 (3h 13m 59s):
I just know that I was putting this important timeline. I know that I was sent to a, a battalion that was made so people can go to their appointments because they're messed up. And then I was rushed right on out and I had two months of leave built up. So I took it damn. And still had memory issues. Couldn't remember anything. Couldn't remember. I put my keys, couldn't remember nothing. And so I had applied. So I got out early. So that was, that was like February or like March, March timeframe.

4 (3h 14m 41s):
I was like, man, what am I gonna do? It's like, what am I gonna do? 'cause I didn't get out medically. Don't have a degree, right? Didn't take that serious. Shooting a piece of paper in a trash can, didn't work for me. What am I gonna do? I have a son and a wife. She works, she does hair, but she had to lose all her clients when I deployed to move back home with my mom. So she's still trying to build her clientele up. She gave all her clients away to for safety and now she's trying to build all of 'em back up. It's hard. So I'm like, man, I'm gonna, oh, we were driving down Bragg Boulevard and I saw this, this armored vehicle flying up the road, blue lights and sirens.

4 (3h 15m 31s):
Said Fayville police emergency response team. I'm was like, that's it, man. I'm gonna be that. How do I get there? So I went to the police station, I walked in the police station, said, Hey, I wanna be a cop. How do I sign up? I'm like, oh, you know, you gotta go over to the, the training center. So I started the process and, and did all the hiring process. And then, you know, may came and I heard nothing May and June crickets. I'm like, man, I didn't, I didn't get this job. 'cause you know, I had to tell 'em, you know. So in that time period when I failed outta college, you know, because I was honest with him about everything, right?

4 (3h 16m 14s):
Smoked some, smoked some weed. My stepdad had hernia surgery. And when he was healed, I stole the rest of his Percocets and sold them for money. So I had to be truthful on all this. I give you a lie detector tests. I was like, man, maybe they didn't really like that. you know, maybe that was, maybe I should have tried to lie. I don't know. May maybe they didn't like that. I, man, like June, end of June, they were like, Hey man, start BA next Monday. It's like a week away. Start what BA basic law enforcement training.

4 (3h 16m 54s):
You're hired with the Fayetteville Police Department. You start, you start BA next Monday. I was like, they were like, you know, report to, we'll get seen an email with all the instructions. I was like, am I hired? They're like, yeah. I was like, oh man. Alright. Damn. Cool. Let's go be a cop. Right? Have no idea what to expect, but let's go be a cop. So first A and b let you know, we go and we're, we're meeting with all the other people. There's, there's, we had like a large class. We had like 18, 18, 18 to 20 of us, and we lost six in for testing purposes. But Fayetteville has their own basic law enforcement training.

4 (3h 17m 36s):
So everything is in-house. You don't have to, a lot of places you go to college, go to BA and then you're sponsored by an ag agency that then picks you up afterwards. But Fayetteville's a really good department. 'cause Fayetteville's a very dangerous city. So they have their own instructors, their own BA on site at the training center. We have a whole training center. And so I, I, so I go to BA and we're sitting down, they're doing orientation at city hall. And then we do that. And then the next day we, we report to the training center. Get to the training center, and they're explaining everything. And they're like, every Friday we're ha we have a test on, I think there was a total of like 20 some tests.

4 (3h 18m 19s):
'cause it's all about like law, fourth amendment, like all the, all the everything. Anything about being a cop. So they bring an instructor in on Monday, teach you for four days, and then Friday you take an exam, you can only fail two. Your third one, you're out. And I'm like, I go home and I'm like, honey, I'm screwed. I'm like, I can't remember at this point. I can't remember. My memory is horrible. It's really bad. I'm like, there's no way I'm gonna be able to, to take, sit down and, and do this and take and go take a test. I already had like test anxiety. She's like, we're we're gonna get you through it.

4 (3h 19m 2s):
I'm like, you. She's like, I promise you we're gonna get you through this. I'm like, All, right. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try it. So every Wednesday and Thursday night, my wife would come home from working 10 hours, help me make index cards. And she'd set up all night flipping 'em for me, helping me study all night hours. We'd get up five o'clock in the morning before tests and she'd flip index cards. I was like top three in my class for academics. And there were some really intelligent people I had, like, I was getting almost, I never failed it.

4 (3h 19m 46s):
I never failed one test. Just 'cause my wife stuck by my side and came home after a long day of work, feeding our son and then staying up and flipping index cards with me. And that's six months of doing that. Damn. So she was exhausted. I would, Terry now would never, would've made it through BA testing if it wasn't for her. Owe it all to her and God, but man, like she made sure that I was successful. That's a good woman. Oh man. Yeah.

4 (3h 20m 26s):
Yeah, man. She was not gonna let me fail. 'cause she had saw my life the last two years of how I was treated in the army. She wanted to go talk to all these chain of commands. She was livid. I was like, no, leave it alone. Leave it alone. She's like, Blake, I want answers. I'm like, I do too. But I'm like, I don't wanna make nobody mad. Nicole, you don't understand. I don't wanna be punished. I'm afraid that if I roughed up too many feathers, they're just gonna send me back to my unit. Just discharge me and send me back to my unit. I'm like, just be quiet so I can just keep doing the treatment. Because if you start pissing off people, they're gonna send you, they're gonna send me back.

4 (3h 21m 9s):
If they send me back, then you have nobody to irritate except for that commander and first sergeant and you're not their problem anymore. So she's like, okay, okay, okay. So she was already living. I mean, she, dude, she had to help me shower. Like there were times where my leg was, would just go numb. Like, just like a, like not a numb, like not where I couldn't feel 'em, but like they were just asleep. And if I stepped it hurt. It felt like knives were in my legs. Only in my legs. Never my arms, never my upper body, always my legs. The only answer I got was nerve damage. And that it can take up to three to four years for nerves to heal themselves. And they're kind of like, misfiring is what I was told.

4 (3h 21m 52s):
And that's what's happening. They're misfiring with my brain. And that's the feeling that I'm getting some Bs answer. Not even a, a true medical answer. Something like a talking about a car engine. Like tell me what's wrong. But she never let me fail, man. So six months go to graduation, right? She, she pins my badge on me. you know, I'm just so grateful that, that, that, that, that she took the time to do all this. And

3 (3h 22m 20s):
Your wife pinned her badge on you.

4 (3h 22m 22s):
Yeah.

3 (3h 22m 23s):
That's awesome. Yeah,

4 (3h 22m 25s):
It was awesome. It was because she should have been worn a badge by that point. She knew the law. She knew law better than I did, you know, because it was, it was because she, she had to, to read the chapters and pick out what she believed to be important things. And, and while they were teaching, I would highlight things that they would be like, okay, you need to label the Shawn, Ryan Show, wink, wink. That might be a test question. Yeah. But she would go through all the highlights and make the index cards for me, and I would make 'em too. And, and without, without that man, there's, without her push. Right? Hey, man, don't give up.

4 (3h 23m 5s):
Don't give up. You're not broken. Because I, I could have laid around and made excuses. Oh, the Army said I was zied up, right? Yeah. Jacked up, you know, because I wouldn't get any disability or not at the time. Nothing. Not, not a, not a thing. No kidding. So nothing, no medical, no nothing. So she pays my badge on me and I get assigned to Fayetteville's, broken up into three districts. Hamilton Central Cross Creek. It's a city of like 300 some thousand people. Plus all the craziness on Bragg. Right. A lot of people don't understand, man. There's, there's more gang members on Fort Bragg than there is in the city of Fayetteville.

4 (3h 23m 46s):
No kidding. Yeah. Oh yeah. We'll get into that.

3 (3h 23m 48s):
Well, before we do, before we get into your LA career, let's take a quick break. Let's

4 (3h 23m 53s):
Do it.

5 (3h 23m 57s):
I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn, Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter. And the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former Ca Targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad.

5 (3h 24m 37s):
She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn, Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing. And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. It's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows.

5 (3h 25m 18s):
The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief. Sign up links in the description or in the comments. We'll see you in the newsletter.

3 (3h 25m 39s):
All, right? Blake? We're back from the break. You just got through the police academy. Where are we going?

4 (3h 25m 47s):
Yeah, so like I said, my wife, my wife pinned me, right? So I'm super excited. Something to really feel like a cop. I got a badge, got a gun. All the training that I feel like I need. So I get my assignment, you know, my assignment Central District, which is kind of the city's broken, like I said, into three Central's the middle. So it's covers a lot of the really bad areas. It covers an area called Bonnie Dune, Massey Hill, a lot of cr crime and gang members and, and all these things. And

3 (3h 26m 22s):
What is fa I've never been to Fayetteville.

4 (3h 26m 24s):
So Fayetteville is obviously a military town, but it's a, it's it's weird. It's, it's, it's, it's kind of nice, but it's kind of ghetto. It's, it's, you know, like the street that my wife grew up on was a really nice street. It's called Devon Street. It's one of the predominant areas in Fayetteville. 'cause she's born and raised in Fayetteville. Okay. And the street behind it is one of the worst neighborhoods in the city. It's one of the worst roads on the city. And you could be driving Nice, nice, nice. And then bam, ghetto and then nice, nice, nice.

4 (3h 27m 7s):
It's, it's crazy. There's the, I I really, because I started out in this district, I got fascinated with gangs. Like just how they operate, music, everything. So really, yeah, I just, I just got obsessed learning everything I could about gangs.

3 (3h 27m 32s):
What kind of gangs?

4 (3h 27m 33s):
So we have Bloods, Crips, you know, we have MCs and we have some cartel, the new generation. And Al Loa cartels pretty predominant in the area. Al Loa cartel runs Myrtle Beach.

3 (3h 27m 50s):
No shit. Oh,

4 (3h 27m 51s):
Absolutely

3 (3h 27m 51s):
Not. What do you mean by that? Runs Myrtle Beach.

4 (3h 27m 53s):
Like, runs it. They are

3 (3h 27m 55s):
Runs what? Like

4 (3h 27m 56s):
Everything, strip clubs, drugs, anything that comes in and out of Myrtle Beach is Sinaloa cartel. It used to a long time ago, it used to be kind of like the Russian Mafia, but something happened with the Sinaloa cartel came in and just took over,

3 (3h 28m 11s):
Dominated

4 (3h 28m 12s):
It. So dominated it. So I strip

3 (3h 28m 14s):
Clubs, drugs,

4 (3h 28m 16s):
Probably all the stores, all the, so when I was younger, when I would go there, you

3 (3h 28m 19s):
Mean all the stores

4 (3h 28m 20s):
Like Subway, remember how Subway used to like Subway in Myrtle Beach? You would go there, it would be like foreign exchange students from Russia, the wings, the, all the stores were had Russian. Now it's just a bunch of Hispanic people growing up. It was always, it was always Ru Russian teenagers. Now it's not no more. Now it's, it's, it's Mexicans. Hispanics. So we train, well how

3 (3h 28m 48s):
Do you know their cartel? So what the cartel bought the businesses, we,

4 (3h 28m 52s):
We just know that they operate outta Myrtle Beach. So anything in Myrtle Beach is probably like drug wise and guns is probably all being filtered through the cartel is what I mean. I'm not saying that they own the subways and things like that, but there's a increase of Hispanics in that area since the slo cartel has moved into that area, if that makes any sense. Gotcha. So, because they operate off I 95. Right? So the halfway point from New York City and Miami, the halfway point is Fayetteville North. Carolina.

3 (3h 29m 29s):
Is it really? You

4 (3h 29m 30s):
Can take several exits in and out of our city, off I 95 and disappear. They operate a lot in Lumberton, North Carolina, which is, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's called the Lumbee Tribe. They're not, they're not, they're not a national tribe. I think Trump was trying to make it, but they're not. But there's a lot of land and they can disappear out that way. Like drugs and money and guns are just so predominant through Fayetteville and that Robinson County area because of 95.

3 (3h 30m 2s):
Interesting.

4 (3h 30m 2s):
You can gum off I 95 and then boom. So what

3 (3h 30m 5s):
Was your first encounter with gangs? What, what, what, what initially got you infatuated with that?

4 (3h 30m 14s):
There was this kid in Fayetteville called Kaboom, holy, I think his name was Andrea's Flight. He was the leader of a non-traditional gang. So you have traditional non-Traditional traditional gangs or gangs like, like Lil Wayne come, came from like East Side Mob Paru. That is a gang that is nationally known everywhere sets everywhere. Non-traditional was like a neighborhood clique. So he had a non click called Money Gang. Right. And they were a blood set. They were,

3 (3h 30m 48s):
How many people are we talking here? What's a, what's a non-traditional gang. Right?

4 (3h 30m 51s):
2030.

3 (3h 30m 52s):
2030 people.

4 (3h 30m 53s):
Young, young teenagers who are violent. Okay. you know, it's the, you know, the, the sir

3 (3h 30m 60s):
Young like

4 (3h 31m 1s):
13, 14, 14, 15, 16. Okay. 17, 18 is kinda old.

3 (3h 31m 6s):
Old.

4 (3h 31m 7s):
Yeah, that would be old. Older. You're not, you're dealing with those high school kids. So

3 (3h 31m 11s):
Hold on. We're I'm really, I'm, you sound like the guy I talk to. So 13 fourteens young, 18 nineteens old. Where do they go when they're 20?

4 (3h 31m 26s):
So a lot of times they'll start in non-traditional gangs. They'll get older, then they'll move on and try to get into another gang. Like, like if they're a non-traditional blood set, like Money Gang, they'll try to go, once they get older, they want away from that little clique. Or maybe several of 'em have died off and the gang has died off. They'll, they'll go, maybe they have a homie that's with East Side Mom Piru or Sex Money murder. Those are, those are traditional gangs. So Money, money Gang is a blood set. A non-traditional blood set. But once they kind of age out, maybe they don't wanna be a part of this clique anymore.

3 (3h 32m 1s):
What do you mean a blood set?

4 (3h 32m 3s):
So you have Bloods and Crips, right? That's just who you are. And then there's different sets. Like a set is sex, money, murder, that is a blood set. They're bloods, but then you have East side Mob Piru.

3 (3h 32m 18s):
So what is this shit like the UFC feeder things?

4 (3h 32m 20s):
Dude, that it's, it's,

3 (3h 32m 21s):
Is that what it's like? It's like,

4 (3h 32m 22s):
It's very

3 (3h 32m 22s):
Organized. You're in the JV and now you're in the varsity. Pretty

4 (3h 32m 25s):
Much

3 (3h 32m 26s):
You're in the Do they have,

4 (3h 32m 27s):
They have

3 (3h 32m 27s):
Minor leagues. They have

4 (3h 32m 28s):
Rules Bibles.

3 (3h 32m 31s):
No shit.

4 (3h 32m 31s):
They have, it's, it's

3 (3h 32m 33s):
What kind of rules?

4 (3h 32m 34s):
Like, like you gotta be beat in for a certain amount of like eight tray Crips. Like they have to be beat in for 83 seconds for eight three, right? Eight Tray three is Trey. So you have to be beat into the gang. Or if you're a chick, you can be raped into the gang.

3 (3h 32m 53s):
You can be raped into

4 (3h 32m 55s):
The gang. Raped into the

3 (3h 32m 55s):
Gang. Women choose to be raped into a gang. Yes. Why? What do they get out of that? They,

4 (3h 33m 4s):
They're obviously missing something at home. They wanna be a part of that gang. Like

3 (3h 33m 9s):
What does that mean entail?

4 (3h 33m 11s):
So like, like man who's the,

3 (3h 33m 14s):
What do they gotta fuck somebody or they,

4 (3h 33m 16s):
Oh yeah, they get raped by like, multiple gang members.

3 (3h 33m 18s):
But is it rape?

4 (3h 33m 20s):
Pretty much. Yeah.

3 (3h 33m 21s):
I mean they're, it's, it's like beating

4 (3h 33m 22s):
Her ass and they're, they're fucking her. They're, it's not like we're all just gang banging you. They're like forcefully like raping her. Like maybe she, 'cause she's not like, maybe she don't want to be a part of it, right? Maybe she might like change her mind. But once you commit to it, you've, you've committed to it. There's no backing out. Yeah, it's sex. But then if they don't want to and they try to back out, there is no backing out.

3 (3h 33m 46s):
So what's their role once they're in the gang? Once they've been raped into the gang?

4 (3h 33m 50s):
Like if they're a blood, they're blooded.

3 (3h 33m 51s):
What does that, I mean, ares

4 (3h 33m 53s):
Just a female that

3 (3h 33m 54s):
Hangs or they, are they actual

4 (3h 33m 56s):
Gang members? No, they get, they're gang members. They get to just hang out with a gang. They don't really do anything. They just hang out with the gang. It's, I'll show you some videos, but it's, it's,

3 (3h 34m 8s):
That's All, right?

4 (3h 34m 9s):
It's no, not a, not of getting gang banged in. But, but I mean it's just, gangs are very interesting. So if I go see, you know, you have to be Hispanic or black to be a blood, you can't be white. Any white guy that ever says they're a blood, they're a complete liar. So in this day and age, if I see maybe a young 13, 14-year-old African-American kid and he's wearing Chicago Bulls and he can't tell me anybody on their current team, that's a validation point to be a blood. So I have to get three validation points to validate you on a sheet that gets submitted in to state that you're a gang member.

4 (3h 34m 49s):
But if you tell me you're a blood or a Crip, I just need one other validation point. But a validation point is a lot of, you see a lot of blood members wear Chicago Bulls.

3 (3h 35m 2s):
Why?

4 (3h 35m 3s):
Because Bulls stands for bloods usually live longer and stronger. You see a lot of eight tray Crips, 83 Crips. They wear the Texas Ranger hats. The hats were blue and there's a T on it. T stands for Tre eight tre. You see, like you ever seen the tattoos that say MOB and they're like, ah, money over bitches, member of blood. You see a lot of tattoos that are rr that stands for real, right? That means you've done something for the game. You've done something maybe violent for the game. There's, you know, the five pointed stars, six pointed stars. You ever see anybody with a star David on 'em?

4 (3h 35m 43s):
you know, they're a gangster disciple. It's just so much Bloods operate on the right side. So if they're flying a flag, which is a bandana, they're on the, they're on, everything should be on the right side. If they're a Crip, everything's on the left side. Now a lot of the younger kids will, instead of carrying flags, they wear like red shoes or blue shoes. Vans is is highly popular. Are those,

3 (3h 36m 6s):
Are these the two biggest gangs in the country?

4 (3h 36m 8s):
Bloods and Crips? Yeah. you know, it's what you, because

3 (3h 36m 12s):
So to this day,

4 (3h 36m 13s):
Yeah. Snoop Dogg's, Crip, you know Lil Wayne, you can watch, there's a music video with him and Bruno Mars. This mirror on the wall, whatever that mirrors or whatever. If you actually watch the music video, little Wayne pays tons of respect to the bloods. He shows all of his blood tattoos, MOB rr, five pointed stars, everything. A lot of 'em will even have like red dreads. So there's another set of bloods called Sex money murder. They're a blood set. But they were founded by a guy in like the sixties pistol, Pete. And don't do this. This is blood, right? They hold this up.

4 (3h 36m 54s):
This is blood. You'll never see Crips operate on the, on the right side. Crips will always operate over here. So they're a blood set. But they show they, they'll throw up two pistols to pay respect to Pistol Pete. And they operate off the color green because Pete loved money. Have you ever known Chicago Bulls to ever wear green?

3 (3h 37m 19s):
No.

4 (3h 37m 20s):
No. So why do they sell green jerseys and green hats?

3 (3h 37m 24s):
No shit.

4 (3h 37m 25s):
It's because they sell to the gang. They make a ton of money off of it.

3 (3h 37m 29s):
No shit.

4 (3h 37m 31s):
That's man, it's Bloods will never eat at, at, at Burger King because BK stands for blood killer. Like it's a whole, whole bunch of rules that you would never even think of.

3 (3h 37m 47s):
Are these guys always, are these two gangs always co-located with each other or they have specific territories?

4 (3h 37m 52s):
They have territories, neighborhoods, you know, within the city. Within the city.

3 (3h 37m 57s):
So they'll be both gangs within the same city?

4 (3h 37m 59s):
Oh yeah. There's then you have non-traditional gangs who have no authority or discipline. 'cause there's a bunch of kids that want to make their presence known. They might attack a traditional blood set. Doesn't make any sense. The non-traditional gangs, Sean, scare me to death.

3 (3h 38m 20s):
Why more than the traditional?

4 (3h 38m 22s):
'cause they're undisciplined. They're not answering anybody. They don't have rules. Anybody. They have no rules. They're not scared of us. Because why? Because they're 15 and 16. I can't do nothing with them.

3 (3h 38m 34s):
Hmm.

4 (3h 38m 35s):
16 or 15? 14 and 15. I can't do nothing with them. 16, you're mine, but I can't do nothing with you at 15 or below, man. Like they are. It just, so I watched his first video. My friend, one of my really good friends named Dave Franklin, huge mentor at the police department. He was in what was called GGVU at the time. It was called the Gang Gun Violence Unit. So he came in and taught a gang class while we were in BL. That was one of the, the classes. And I watched this video, it's called Gun Weight and it's a non-traditional gang, the Money Gang.

4 (3h 39m 20s):
And there's just in this shitty trailer holding up guns, talking about the gun weight. Three of those kids in that video are dead from gang violence. Two of 'em are in prison and the leader is in and out of, out of prison. It's just, man, I, I don't, it's just so fascinating to me. I used to listen to the music, all the, all the rap music, just listening to terminology, how they talk, how they operate. Just there's so many different things. Like, like Bloods will, they'll make a sound.

4 (3h 40m 1s):
You hear a lot like Lil Wayne's music videos. So if they're in a large crowd full of other blood gang members, that's signaling to them that 12 is around. 'cause it sounds like police sirens. So it's just so fascinating. And a lot of chicks really got into the, to the gangs because of Cardi B, Cardi B's A Blood. She used to have blood, blood dreads and she had the whole nine yards. She was a straight gangster. She had a whole music video where there was like, she's the OG back before she got super famous.

4 (3h 40m 41s):
She's, wow. Oh it's

3 (3h 40m 44s):
So Cardi B is a blood,

4 (3h 40m 47s):
Little Waynes of Blood. The song Red Nation that like it talks about, it pays respects even like Ocho Cincos. Like it gives him a shout out. Doesn't mean he's a blood, but it means he's affiliate. It's so interesting man. Like I used to be obsessed with watching 'cause I knew this was what I wanted to do.

3 (3h 41m 9s):
How many gangs are in Fayetteville? Oh

4 (3h 41m 11s):
Man. A lot.

3 (3h 41m 14s):
Like 20.

4 (3h 41m 15s):
More than

3 (3h 41m 16s):
2050

4 (3h 41m 17s):
Man. Probably. Probably 30, 40.

3 (3h 41m 20s):
30, 40 gangs?

4 (3h 41m 22s):
Yeah.

3 (3h 41m 22s):
Are they all rivals?

4 (3h 41m 24s):
I don't think that they get along. I think Bloods try to hang out with Bloods and Crips trying to hang out with Crips and PDs. Trying to,

3 (3h 41m 30s):
I mean, 40 gangs in a town of, did you say 300,000?

4 (3h 41m 34s):
300,000.

3 (3h 41m 36s):
And that's not a huge town. No. Where do 40 gangs everywhere go without running into each other? They're

4 (3h 41m 43s):
Everywhere. They're everywhere. Like,

3 (3h 41m 47s):
Are any of them friendly? No. Do the MCs get along with the Bloods or the Crips?

4 (3h 41m 52s):
They don't even really mess with them. The MCs don't get into that. They have their own Robble.

3 (3h 42m 1s):
I mean you've got Cartels, you've got the Bloods and the Crips,

4 (3h 42m 6s):
Gangster Disciples, Latin Kings.

3 (3h 42m 9s):
You got all this shit in one area. Oh

4 (3h 42m 11s):
Yeah, we got Crips Bloods, Latin Kings, gangster Disciples, folk Nation, hell's Angels and like four or five other motorcycle gangs. But all of those,

3 (3h 42m 27s):
How do you categorize 'em?

4 (3h 42m 30s):
Research. We, a lot of 'em will, will admit, a lot of 'em will see on their Facebook page, hand signals, tattoos. How

3 (3h 42m 38s):
Do they not step on each other in a town of 300,000?

4 (3h 42m 41s):
They do, they'll never admit it. But

3 (3h 42m 44s):
I mean, what do they do? Prostitution, run drugs.

4 (3h 42m 47s):
A lot of it's running drugs. Run,

3 (3h 42m 49s):
Run guns,

4 (3h 42m 50s):
Run guns and run drugs and just be, they're just outlaws. They just, they have, they just shoot each other like nobody fights anymore. It's just shooting the money Gang. They had a, I forgot, I forgot the, they brought in a boy from Charlotte, man. He, he, he sucked, I can't remember his name, but he, he has been arrested several times for sex trafficking. He was a big sex trafficker. God I can't even remember his, his name on YouTube. But they have all these videos out there, man.

4 (3h 43m 31s):
Like there's a one gang in Fayetteville called Ru Gang. We completely dismantled them. They made a video that said fuck the police, shoot anything blue holding rifles, convicted felons. And this idiot at a surplus store sold all of it to 'em for a music video. Played carriers then gave them patches to wear. They were raided by Homeland Security. Had stolen secret radios had 22 Ops Corps. Maritime, maritime helmets that belong to Seal Team six.

3 (3h 44m 10s):
What?

4 (3h 44m 11s):
22 of those. How'd they get

3 (3h 44m 13s):
'em?

4 (3h 44m 14s):
Supply guys bring him there and sell 'em to him.

3 (3h 44m 17s):
Oh shit,

4 (3h 44m 18s):
He's gone. They, they rated him. I think he still has a store, but he's, he's pending federal charges unless he snitch. Which I'm sure he probably did. But that other gang is gone. Like we dismantled them. They were two brothers were the leaders and Ecstasy or Xanax bars were, were, were their big things. We did a search warrant on their house, couldn't find anything in their house. Went out to their storage unit, started digging through boxes. Big old heavy boxes. I'm like, what is in these? Open them up cereal boxes. I'm like, this is weird. Open up the cereal boxes, bags, cereal bags full of Xanax bars.

3 (3h 45m 3s):
Holy shit.

4 (3h 45m 4s):
Probably thousands. I don't know. I think we got like 20, 30,000. Just thousands. I mean they kind of keep to, they all kind of keep to themselves until at some point they cross paths or they had beef. Social media, beef is the worst. People get mouthing on social media and then they go shoot houses up. Nobody fights anymore. It's, it's shooting and killing. It's man, Fayetteville's wild Sean. Is it really when the sun goes down? It is. You get like a very eerie feeling. 'cause that's when all the goons come out. They all come out to play. And it is like any car you stop.

4 (3h 45m 47s):
You might be in a, you might be in a gunfight 'cause they don't respect law enforcement. Especially after the past administratives chiefs and stuff that we've had. Yeah, like they just don't respect it. And man, it's, it's very, very interesting just how they operate. 'cause we'll find their bibles and we'll study 'em and, and you know, a lot of 'em can't stay off social media. Right. A lot of 'em will always be on social media throwing up gang signs. So we'll go find them. We'll do investigative, investigative stops on 'em, find guns. Man. The year that we got gang unit of the year, man, we got, I don't know, like four or 500 guns that year. Just guns everywhere.

4 (3h 46m 28s):
And it's, a lot of it is because soldiers leave their cars in their apartment complexes unlocked with guns in them. And these kids, these gang members go around pulling, pulling car handles and then man they can get 20, 30 guns a night. And then the soldiers threw his gun box away and doesn't even know his serial number. So he can't, sometimes can't even charge him with stolen firearm because they don't have the serial number. And they'll tell 'em, Hey, when you get it, call it in so we can put it in the system. And they never do. It's man, I've had some close calls in that city. That city never sleeps.

4 (3h 47m 9s):
We've had broad daylight shootings. Wendy's parking lot, one o'clock in the afternoon, three people dead in a parking spot. It's crazy. Damn. I mean, I pulled up to that scene and they're like, oh, the car left and I didn't see it. And I saw three bodies. I get out, it's three young black African Americans dead over drug deal. Just broad daylight. Had one guy, another one broad daylight, smokey bones outside Cross Creek Mall. He was shot five times with a judge with a four 10 shell.

4 (3h 47m 49s):
I didn't know he was black or white until I failed his dreads. I was plugging bullet holes. Damn. He survived. But I didn't know he survived. Yeah, I couldn't tell his skin color. 'cause he was covered in red. He was so bloody. He survived. He's paralyzed, but he survived. It is, it is wild. It it was, it was a wild ride, man. I, there's nowhere else. I'd rather been a cop though there than that city. That city gave me every opportunity to do everything I wanted. It was a, it was a, it was a fun place to work. Truly sounds like it. Yeah. If you wanna be a cop man. And I mean, maybe not in today's time. Maybe not now. 'cause you got proactive versus reactive.

4 (3h 48m 31s):
And now so many cops are want to be reactive.

3 (3h 48m 36s):
You got through the academy, you went on patrol. How long did it take you to get into the gang stuff?

4 (3h 48m 42s):
Oh man, about three years.

3 (3h 48m 49s):
Three years.

4 (3h 48m 50s):
It's a spot nobody wanted to leave.

3 (3h 48m 53s):
The, the gang unit.

4 (3h 48m 54s):
Yeah. Nobody, nobody wants to leave that unit.

3 (3h 48m 57s):
Everybody wants to be in the ba in the gang. Everybody,

4 (3h 48m 59s):
Everybody wants to be in the gang unit. Why? It's fun. You are like cowboys.

3 (3h 49m 4s):
No shit.

4 (3h 49m 5s):
Yeah, you're not like the narcs where you, you know, the narcs couldn't show their faces and you know, we wear plain clothes. I had me and my hair down past my shoulders, had a beard down to here. Just out there getting after it, man. Fighting crime. you know, there were times where we, where we weren't seen at all. And then there were times where we would go out at nighttime and just go to work. Didn't have, didn't take calls, did what we wanted. And we made a difference. You wanna make a difference in your city and stop crime you go get you about seven good dudes who wanna fight crime and tell 'em good luck and give 'em a good supervisor.

3 (3h 49m 50s):
How would you do that today? Is it even possible? It

4 (3h 49m 53s):
Is possible. It is very possible. We have to figure out, the problem is, is we have to figure out how do we keep good young cops from leaving to go do another job. Shitty cops are staying in and getting promoted.

3 (3h 50m 7s):
Well how do you think that happens? How do you get good young cops to stay in the force with the shit leadership that we see today?

4 (3h 50m 15s):
I think that the, the good 'cause there is good leadership out there

3 (3h 50m 20s):
Where I think other than here,

4 (3h 50m 23s):
I think in, in a lot of agencies there are good leadership that have made it to the, to an executive level. But they're too afraid to speak out because they're outnumbered. I think those people have to have backbone. I think we have to figure out that this person is a shitty leader and they need to be demoted. you know, if you have officers, like when I left, when I medically retired, 108 left.

3 (3h 50m 50s):
Let's talk about your career. I mean, when we spoke on the phone for the first time, you had a lot of frustrations.

4 (3h 50m 59s):
Yeah, a lot of frustration. So my first call ever, day one, I am a got, I got pinned the day before and now I've reported to my duty. I get with my FTO and we're going over all the things. Seven 30 in the morning. My first call call comes out missing kid. It's a cool, it's a great one to go to. It's a great one to learn from right off the gate. Missing kids, they come up all the time. So a lot of 'em are runaways. A lot of 'em are just hiding in closets. Don't wanna go to school. Parents just can't find them. Whatever. They're not actually missing.

4 (3h 51m 39s):
They're just running away. So we get there and the mother is just, she's really like distressed. I, I don't know what she's supposed to look like. It's my first call ever. She's like, I can't find my son. I don't know where he is at. I've searched the whole house. I just haven't looked in the basement.

6 (3h 51m 59s):
I,

4 (3h 52m 0s):
They're like, well, has he ever had any behavior of running away? No. He just doesn't like going to school like All. right? Well man, we'll we'll search the house again. Search the whole house, nothing. Open up the basement door. Started walking down the steps. I see two little bare feet, maybe about a foot, foot and a half off the ground. And I'm like, wow, I don't even know what this is. I get all the way down to the basement, my FTO is behind me. He took an extension cord, tied it to a water pipe, multiple pipes and hung himself.

4 (3h 52m 41s):
So we're sitting there and I'm day one, man, first call. My FTO is such a coward. He said, Hey, you need to go up and tell that mother that her son is deceased. And we found him. Why don't you go do that? I'm in training. This is my first day. I'm not even supposed to do nothing. I'm just watching you. No, no, you need to go do that. I'm telling you, you go do it. All, right? Roger that. So I go up there, she's standing in the kitchen. She's leaned up against the calendar on my, Hey ma'am, I'm sorry to tell you, but your, your son is in the basement and he, he's no longer alive.

4 (3h 53m 26s):
She let out a scream, Sean, that I still hear every night. I watched her open her mouth and scream. And when she opened her mouth and scream, I watched her soul leave her body. And I go back downstairs, she's screaming. Finally the, the, her sister gets there. She's comforting her. I'm holding the kids' legs. FEO cuts, cuts, cuts. The extension cord off. He had like one of the serrated knives and cut him down. We laid him on the ground, did all the things called the detectives.

4 (3h 54m 7s):
Next rotation came. Next rotation is, is kinda like towing, like, like for tow trucks. If we need a tow truck, it's an Exxon rotation, but we have a, we have a morgue service. So they're in a rotation. So next rotation means whoever the morgue service is up to come get the body. That's, that comes. So we holler for next call, for next rotation for, for morgue. They come too. And they, they get the body. And you know, we go through on out the day, like the next call man was after that. The next call was some old lady complaining. And she was mad that the neighbor's cat was on her car.

4 (3h 54m 51s):
Real realistically, she was lonely. Just wanted somebody to have coffee with at nine o'clock in the morning.

3 (3h 54m 60s):
So you go from,

4 (3h 55m 2s):
Go from a dead 12-year-old cutting

3 (3h 55m 4s):
A dead 12-year-old who hung himself

4 (3h 55m 7s):
To an 80-year-old lady. His mom's basement. He wants to file a complaint or write. She wants a police report for her neighbor's cat that's on her car causing damage. And I have to be able to give her every bit of me that I can. 'cause she's, she's calling me, she's calling me for a service in my job. I can't go there and just give her half ass. I have to switch off what just happened? That what, what I just went through doesn't matter anymore. That's done. Kick it out.

3 (3h 55m 39s):
How do you do that?

4 (3h 55m 42s):
Try not to think about it. Focus on man, the queue is so busy. The queue and the the calls, they're just stacked. There'll be 15, 20 calls pending. They'll all go by priority. You don't have time to think about what you just went through. 'cause the next thing that you're gonna go through might be just as bad. The next call might be your life. Can't think about that. You can't dwell on that kid. That's horrible. But how do I know the next call is me not dealing with somebody that's gonna try to kill me. I have to be mentally sharp to deal with the next call. Once you get in your car and that call's over, put your head on the steering wheel.

4 (3h 56m 22s):
Let out a big old nice scream and push on. 'cause guess what the next call is. Somebody else is having their very worst moment of their life that you are responding to. Every call is somebody's worst moment of their life. And every call you should treat it as if it's your first call of the day. 'cause they deserve that. They're calling you at their worst time. I never got a phone call for somebody to come tell me I was doing a great job or somebody to cook me food or pat me on the back. Every call For 10 hours is somebody's worst moment.

4 (3h 57m 3s):
Somebody's dead. Somebody's about to kill themselves. A robbery or murder mental patient standing in his garage naked with a butcher knife to granny wanting to have a cup of coffee. It's insane. And there's no, there is no shutting it off. You. I still think about all of it. And there are cops that have been way through more than me. I don't know. All, all I did was the next call could be life ending for me. So I need to be switched on. That call no longer exists. It goes away. It's just a report number.

4 (3h 57m 43s):
But then you deal with it and you get home by drinking or lashing out at your family. And then you wake up the next day and you go to work and you treat people at work better than you treated your family. 'cause you can't show up to work angry. You can't lash out at people are at work. They'll put you on administrative leave and take your gun, make you go get help. You can't shut it off. Fake smile every day. And you give people the best version of yourself because they need you in that moment. Whether it might not be a big event to you, it might be stupid to you. You might think this is stupid call, but man, they're on, they, they called 9 1 1 police because they're having a such a bad moment.

4 (3h 58m 23s):
They need you at your best. Forget about the next call. It's time to move on. This is what I always got told. So at the end of that shift, I walked in and my sergeant's sitting there with his legs up, shoes off, said, cook, how was it? I'm like, ah, it sucked. First call of the day, kid hung himself. It's a lot. He starts laughing. He's like, suck it up. Welcome to being a cop. I was like, what? What? And then it just for the next, you know, two and a half years, it was a ride man every day.

4 (3h 59m 7s):
Like, bro, if you're not checked in when, when you check in for service, if you're not mentally checked in, you could die. You could die. There were times where, because let's say you're being proactive, you know, it's a scary feeling walking up to a car that you just pulled over. Especially if you can't see inside of it. you know, a lot of people ask, why do cops touch the back of the car for DNA for if we're shot and killed right then? Right there are fingerprints on the back of that car. So when they find it, they can for sure say that is the vehicle that's cook's fingerprints.

4 (3h 59m 49s):
It's scary, man.

6 (3h 59m 51s):
Oh shit, I didn't

4 (3h 59m 52s):
Know that man. Every traffic stop that I walked up to that I couldn't see into the car or my spidey senses kicked in. Man, people enter, people ask, you know, why are cops so aggressive when they get up to the car? Because when they touch the back of your car from the front of their windshield, do you know what they're thinking about? Am I about to take rounds through the windshield? Am I about to get shot? When the window comes down and it's, it's old Miss Betty and she's all nice and sweet Whew, it's a good feeling. Now she can still kill you. Right? You still gotta be elevated a little bit. But it's a good feeling because every car I ever approached, I just waited for rounds to come through the windshield.

4 (4h 0m 36s):
If you had browns come through the windshield, I've, I've never, luckily I have never even shot up. I've seen a lot of videos where it has happened. I just never happened to me. And I had a OG gang member and Bonnie Dune tell me one time, he say, man, you know, I see a lot of people in the neighborhood treat you different. He's like, you ever wonder why? I'm like, I don't know man. 'cause you're, you present yourself. Well, your uniform is obviously tailored to your body, your fit, your hair looks good, your belt looks good. Everything about you says, I don't wanna fuck with you.

4 (4h 1m 18s):
I can't run from you. I can't fight you. You're gonna kill me. But I'll run from him 'cause he's fat and sloppy. That's a big deterrent. My uniform was fresh every day. I had three uniforms. I wore the same uniform. I, you I wore day one, I wore my first uniform and then I would wear that again on my fourth day. But day one, two, and three, I always had fresh uniforms on my day off. The first thing I do is I took them in one of the shops and had 'em press. They were all tailored to my body because I wanted to present myself as, if you fuck with me, I'm gonna kill you. If you try to kill me, I'm gonna kill you. You're not gonna kill me today. I'm the wrong one.

4 (4h 1m 59s):
I'm gonna do everything lawful. I'm gonna do everything I can as a professional to keep you alive during our interaction. But the moment you try to take me off this earth, buddy, I'm coming. And it ain't gonna end well for you. I'll give you the utmost respect. Everybody I encountered, I treat it as if it was my mother, my father, my brother, and my sister. I treat 'em as a family member and as a United States American citizen because they deserve that. Now the moment you cross that line, then we're going, we're doing it. Whatever you want to do, but you better be ready 'cause I'm ready. And I, I try to harp that to law enforcement, to, hey man, like, use this as a motivation.

4 (4h 2m 39s):
Get in shape, go to the gym, man. Quit eating bad on duty. Like be presentable. That will keep you alive if bad guys, right? I heard you asked Sheriff Mark Lamb. Yeah, sheriff Mark Lamb. Love that dude. What's a good, you know, way to prevent people from, you know, entering in your home and you know, things like that. you know, security, cameras, anything that bad guys will not, you'll never become a victim if they feel like that. There'll be any resistance. They only pick easy targets, man.

4 (4h 3m 21s):
Wolves don't attack other wolves. They attack sheep. They kill animals that can't protect themselves. A single, right? If it's a single wolf, they're not gonna go try to kill a grizzly by themselves. They know they're gonna lose. So they'd just rather go get the sheep. I wanted to present myself as if you mess with me, you're getting all of me and it's not gonna end well. And that's how people, if they just put just a DT stickers on glass, that's a deterrent. Floodlights anything that they feel like they're gonna get caught at all, they won't mess with it. It's only easy targets they prey on.

4 (4h 4m 1s):
Same with law enforcement. Yeah, you have a gun, people look like a bad ass. You probably can't shoot it, so they're going to test you. I never got tested. I got tested. Now take that back. You've been tested twice. One dude was like 6, 6, 2 80 brother. I just held on, that was it. That's all you could do. Slam me up against my hood of my car. And I just, I just maintained control much as I could until somebody else came and, and helped me. But very few times I've, I've been tested and it's because every day at work, there was nothing on me that looked ragged. Let's talk about that scenario. How did that start?

4 (4h 4m 41s):
Traffic stop. Dude had, dude had outstanding robbery warrant. Pulled him over outside the hospital Cape for Valley Road. Soon as we stop, car door opens. I get out, he takes off running and he is on me. Before I know it, I'm, I'm fighting him. He's fighting me. Dude's picking me up like a rag doll throwing me on, threw me on the hood of the car and I'm just holding on. Finally we make it on the ground. I don't have a lot of jujitsu knowledge at all, but I did mess around with it. So I do, I do, I did know like some control techniques to try to control him, especially keeping him off my gun.

4 (4h 5m 29s):
That was my biggest worry was my gun. He actually got hands on my gun, but I had my level three safariland holster that had the hood and he didn't know how to operate work. That he knew the button, but he couldn't get my hood. So that holes for saved my life. Always have your hood up. You see a lot of officers, they put the hood down to get shots off faster. Just go train. That's it. 'cause that saved my life. And then luckily my zone partner, BJ Bullard, showed up and just came up from behind and just one good hit, the boy went down and that was it in the fight. 'cause now it's two on one, his chances are over.

4 (4h 6m 13s):
He felt a little resistance, a little. I can't compete against two. And he gave up. You know, it's because BJ would, was a proactive, he, he was a proactive. He, he, he, he, he wasn't the first to always initiate, but he would always back you up. He was a good country boy and he went to the academy with me. So, you know, it's, it's, I've, I've seen videos where cops just stand there and watch their, their buddies get beat up. I dunno how you do that. 'cause if BJ would've watched me get beat up that day, you know, we would've had to have shot that dude.

4 (4h 6m 57s):
And then what would that have been?

3 (4h 6m 59s):
Yeah,

4 (4h 7m 0s):
I shot an unarmed black man. And that always goes through your head. Especially after the boy in Louisiana. I think that, that they killed, that Darren Wilson got killed. That started all this years ago, like 2014.

3 (4h 7m 19s):
What happened there?

4 (4h 7m 21s):
Remember he like robbed the gas station and the officer got out with him and they got into a tussle and he shot and killed him inside the vehicle or something. It was a Mike Brown. Remember Mike Brown? That was St.

3 (4h 7m 29s):
Louis.

4 (4h 7m 29s):
Yeah. St. Louis. Yeah. Yeah. So Mike Brown.

3 (4h 7m 32s):
I used to live there

4 (4h 7m 33s):
After that. Like, man, like I'm white. It sucks, you know, if I shoot an unarmed black dude, 'cause guess what, man? These can kill you. If you're 6 6 2 90. I'm 5 10, 2 15. Would a reasonable person believe that if you got the best of me, you could take my gun out and kill me? Yeah. Now I'm shooting an unarmed dude. That's what the news is gonna put out. West Virginia boy shoots and kills an unarmed dude. Like the news is awful.

3 (4h 8m 9s):
Yeah.

4 (4h 8m 10s):
And they're a major reason why cops are getting out too, by telling lies. Who are they gonna call? They never thought about that. These big cities never thought about that. Who y'all gonna call when these criminals go wild? Crime doesn't stop. But police officers will quit. Criminals won't quit. That's all they know. Why would I continue to, to get treated like shit for? That's $43,000 a year.

3 (4h 8m 40s):
Did you get treated like shit? Lemme rephrase that. Did your department, did your department have your back?

4 (4h 8m 51s):
No. Oh man. No. Some did. Most didn't.

3 (4h 8m 60s):
What's the first incident you were in when you realized that?

4 (4h 9m 5s):
I, I had one supervisor named Carrie. Young man. Phenomenal dude. He always had my back when I was on patrol. I mean, I, I tell like two or three people right out the gate. He had my back. There was one incident that there was a disturbance inside of a restaurant. When I was on patrol during the day. Dude had made a comment right before we got there that he was gonna go to his truck and get a gun. We show up. He's still in Texas Roadhouse or Logan's Roadhouse.

4 (4h 9m 46s):
We go inside. He is still in there. He, him and this other family have went at it. He goes, I'm gonna kill you. I've already had two people tell me that. Said he was gonna go get a gun. So he runs out to his truck. I watch him run out the door. And so I've run after, after him, he goes, opens up his door, gets in a posture as if he's grabbing something under the seat. I draw my gun. I give him commands. I got three days off for that. He had a gun. I was too aggressive.

3 (4h 10m 20s):
He, he

4 (4h 10m 20s):
Had a gun. He, he had a gun under his seat. He just never presented it because he didn't present it. Why did I draw my gun? Why didn't I use deescalation skills? I don't know, bro. 'cause I didn't wanna get shocked first. How about that? That was when I realized, wow, things are bad. How

3 (4h 10m 39s):
Early in your career was that?

4 (4h 10m 41s):
Year and a half.

3 (4h 10m 42s):
That was a year and a half into your career. And you had how long of a career? 10 years, 12 years. Eight. Eight years.

4 (4h 10m 50s):
And I had, I had one one time where I was fighting a guy. We will get into that, but it was when 'em, I was in the gang unit. I mean, if you cussed on body camera in a high stress situation, you're getting 10 hours off. You're getting written up. So a lot of people don't know this. This is a nation, it's become a nationwide thing. If I point my gun at you, that is a use of force I get written up for. That might not catch days off, but let's say a year goes down the road and I pulled my gun 50 times that year. Dude, I could pull my gun three times in a shift.

4 (4h 11m 31s):
We're dealing with people. I've had people jump out of a bail with swords serving involuntary commitment paperwork that their family couldn't deal with them anymore. So I, I have to go in and deal with them and put them in handcuffs and take them to the mental section at the hospital. I mean, I have almost sh I had a guy who was shooting blow darts. So Fayetteville used to have a mental institution. They shut it down and just see y'all later. Thanks for thanks for staying. Send 'em all back out in the wild. My first week I had a call, a guy named Alan in his garage, butt naked circle drone in the garage with Chuck.

4 (4h 12m 14s):
He's got a trash can in the middle of the garage. People running by I call and said he's blowing blow darts at him. So I'm like, oh, it's a mental, mental patient. I get him in. I, I'll, I'll get him, I'll convince him to go to the hospital. I'm gonna hit Chipotle after this. This is easy. I like these calls. As I'm coming around the corner, I hear dispatch. He's like, you know, now he's in the garage with a knife. Man. I hit the corner, dude, this dude's standing there butt naked, this big massive butcher knife. He's a like, come in the dungeon motherfucker. And I'm like, no sir. I'm like, let's drop that.

4 (4h 12m 56s):
I mean, he's like, no, no, no. He's like, fuck you. Come in the dungeon. And finally my backup comes like seconds later. So now we're both lethal, right? Because we don't know what he is about to do. People don't understand. Tasers only work if you're in a distance. Like they, if I shot you with a taser right here, it wouldn't work. I have to be like seven feet back to get the spread to split the hemisphere. One has to go in the upper torso and the other one has to go in the body to get exactly what you need. If I shoot both here, that's why you still see people being able to reach it out. It doesn't do what it's supposed to do. That's why cops, they shoot tasers from feet away. It doesn't work.

4 (4h 13m 36s):
I was too far back from my taser and I didn't want to get close enough to him. So it works. 'cause if I get closer to him and he charges at me and then Regot shoot him, what did I create? Why did you go up there to tase him? So we didn't have to shoot him. So we're out there 45 minutes, me and him, me and Raggatt. This dude's coming in and out of his house, finally getting him to put the knife down in the middle of the garage. And he runs over and he crouched down behind like a city trash can on wheels. And we're like, what's he doing mean? He's like back and forth using the trash can as like a barricade. And he's talking to Rega.

4 (4h 14m 18s):
And then he starts talking to me and Rega yells at him and he turns a little further. What he had had, he had taped on the back of the trash can, a little 10 inch blow dart gun. And he was putting darts in it as he was talking to us to shoot us with him. And when Rega yelled at him, and I saw him do that, I holstered, pulled my taser out, upside down, shot it. One went in his head, the other one went in the wall. He turns around, tries to dive on the knife. I turn the taser off, turn it back on, initiates the second cartridge. I shoot it again. One misses the other. One hits him in the head.

4 (4h 14m 59s):
Done. He starts like seing out and everything hits his head, cuts his head wide open. He's bleeding everywhere. Get him in handcuffs. Later we found out that he, he, he had dirty blood and he was stabbing himself with the needles and was gonna trying to shoot people with him to give him his dirty blood. But he was also holy

3 (4h 15m 21s):
Shit. But he was also on cocaine, h HIV positive. Oh yeah.

4 (4h 15m 24s):
He was also on. So he was trying

3 (4h 15m 25s):
To fucking give other people HIV. It's

4 (4h 15m 27s):
Crazy. He was, he was gone. So we got him in handcuffs. He was found out. He had been drinking and he was on cocaine. But they were upset with me because he split his head wide open. I'm like, he's alive. What do you mean? And that was like a big ordeal.

3 (4h 15m 50s):
That was a big ordeal.

4 (4h 15m 51s):
Like, oh, they're gonna sue us. I'm like, for what? You're welcome.

3 (4h 15m 57s):
So what, what, I mean, did they give you a suggestion? Like, okay, well what would,

4 (4h 16m 4s):
There's no suggestion. What were

3 (4h 16m 5s):
You supposed to do?

4 (4h 16m 7s):
They don't know the answer. The problem with agencies is

3 (4h 16m 13s):
Shitty leadership. Right?

4 (4h 16m 14s):
Shitty leadership. Because in their mind we had this guy named James Ette, man, he ended up being our assistant chief. He ran everybody away. He was horrible, probably, in my opinion, maybe the worst human on the face of the earth. He was a horrible person. Not just a bad leader, but a horrible person. And this dude would punish people because he thought by punishing people, it made him a good leader and that he would get promoted. This dude made it all the way up to assistant chief. He's the reason why I left. I mean, officers are doing their job and they're getting written up for it.

4 (4h 16m 59s):
I ended up not caring about getting written up because I, at that point, I'd applied and got my VA disability. You wanna get, you know, you wanna gimme a week off. I take a vacation and post it all over Facebook. I don't care. I'm getting paid. But imagine some of these guys who are a father, a three and a wife, they're making $1,100 a paycheck and they're getting talked about getting two days off. Why would you be proactive? So now I gotta feed a family of four, a $700 check.

4 (4h 17m 39s):
'cause you gave me two hours off, or, or you gave me two days off. So why would you be proactive?

3 (4h 17m 45s):
Yeah.

4 (4h 17m 47s):
I can't blame him.

3 (4h 17m 50s):
I I

4 (4h 17m 51s):
We have to hold leadership accountable.

3 (4h 17m 54s):
I don't, I don't blame 'em either. I mean it's, I see this shit all over the, you know, social and the news and people raiding the mall and people, I mean, now you go on what? California, even everything, literally the entire store is behind those little key things

4 (4h 18m 11s):
We were in.

3 (4h 18m 12s):
And then I just, I'm, we

4 (4h 18m 13s):
Were in California.

3 (4h 18m 14s):
Don't, I don't blame the cops at all. Yeah. I blame the people that live there. Shit, I needed

4 (4h 18m 18s):
Deodorant

3 (4h 18m 18s):
At Target. You wanted to defund them. You got what the fuck you asked for. Yeah. Now you can live in the shit. California's

4 (4h 18m 24s):
Wild. I went to Target, get deodorant, had to find a sales associate to come and unlock a case so I can get a thing of deodorant. Yeah. I'm like, they're like, yeah, sorry. They steal everything. I'm like, that's crazy. But the problem is, is if they get a use of force with these people, they're going to get in trouble by the chain of command. 'cause the chain of command says, well that's not hill that we don't wanna die on. you know, just let 'em take it and we'll take the report. That's not right. That's not right. It's not right to the people that own that store.

3 (4h 19m 1s):
Do you think this shit's gonna change?

4 (4h 19m 8s):
The only way it can change, in my opinion, is if Trump gets reelected or tr if Trump gets put back in office.

3 (4h 19m 17s):
Well, I'm with you on that. But even, even so, I mean

4 (4h 19m 21s):
It's a, it does. When he was in office, things changed. I don't know what happened. But there was a little bit of a span there where cops were being cops again, it's, I don't know what it was, but during the, I was a cop for two years during the Obama, Obama administration and it was different. We had a liberal chief like who like said that we were pulling over too many black people. That's another thing, Sean, I got in trouble. So anytime you do a traffic stop, you gotta do a a a traffic stop incident thing where you put in male, female, black, white.

4 (4h 20m 6s):
They just searched the car. What did you find? I used to get in trouble and have to go do racist classes. 'cause I was pulling over too many black people. But my district was all African Americans. Like, so what did I do? Stop stopping cars. I let known drug dealers drive past me because I'd already stopped too many black people. And it's piss leadership. It's because instead of having a backbone of being a man, they would rather throw you under the bus and make themselves look good.

4 (4h 20m 51s):
We disciplined him. Don't worry. Instead of saying, Hey, Blake is assigned to an area full of African Americans, he's probably gonna have a higher traffic stop rating for those kind of people. Like I have heard people say, go stop more white people. What does that even mean? Go violate somebody's right, stop 'em because they're white now. That's the leadership mentality that we're having nationwide. It don't even make sense.

3 (4h 21m 33s):
How would you even, I mean, how would you begin to fix this? A serious question,

4 (4h 21m 40s):
Man. I don't know Shawn. I really don't. Because like,

3 (4h 21m 49s):
It's gotta be on every single person's mind who wears a badge. Every single one of has to know about this shit.

4 (4h 22m 4s):
Oh, they do. I've had so many people ask me if I can be their voice, please put this out. Hey, this happened. Do this. Hey, like put, can you put this out on your social? Like they can't go vocal about it, right? 'cause they're gonna be punished, they're terrified. It's the good leaders have to somehow get a backbone.

3 (4h 22m 31s):
If they don't have a backbone, then they're not a good leader.

4 (4h 22m 34s):
That's true man. You're right. So yeah, we have very few good leaders then. I mean the,

3 (4h 22m 41s):
I don't give a shit where they came from. What the fuck they did. If you get up there and you don't have a backbone, you're a piece of shit. And that's, I agree. Seeing it in the military too. These guys that have these phenomenal careers and then they get up top and they turn into a complete piece of shit.

4 (4h 23m 1s):
They're just chasing money. They're chasing. Now they're on a salary and they're trying to max out their time. So now they can get promoted and then max out that time and get promoted. So their retirement looks good. So they make more money in retirement. And it's, it's so much easier to write us up than stick up for us. So like when I was in the gang unit, we were the, we were the easy button. We were the button that, for an example, female, brand new female officer out in the area called Bonnie Dune. She was doing real police work.

4 (4h 23m 41s):
She had a good sergeant. They were letting her do good police work. She was disrupting this non-traditional gangs operation. They started getting tired of her. She did a traffic stop one time, pulled over a kid, had a gun in the car. Gun was in the passenger seat. She arrested him. He was a convicted felon. She knew that all the people out of this little apartment complex came out and swarmed her. Somebody ended up taking the gun out the out the seat. Told her they were gonna kill her. So they said, Hey, there's a female cop that is being, her life's being threatened.

4 (4h 24m 26s):
We need to go out and make our, our presence known. Coming from the top Like who's this coming from? Coming from the top. Cool, I'll stop what I'm doing. We went out there, drove around the complex. I'm like, cool, I need to stop a car here. So I waited till I saw a traffic violation. Saw a traffic violation, lit 'em up. Happened to be right in front of the apartment complex. As I get out the car and 30, 40 people were coming out, I'm like, oh no. I'm like, Hey, we don't look like the regular fucking police.

4 (4h 25m 7s):
We don't act like it. Get your asses back inside. Or you can get some of this too. They're like, cook. I was like, yeah, this is the gang unit. They call us like Charger Boys. That was a name that carried on from when they were GGVU. Everybody was scared of the charger boys. And we gave a head nod and went back inside. Problem solved. The Uber driver, it was an Uber driver that we stopped. Black kid said that. I called people coming outta the apartment complex, the N word called and complained. So an investigation happened. I have my body camera on 24 7.

4 (4h 25m 50s):
I will say whatever. I will say whatever with my camera, with my camera off, whatever I say with it off. I'll say with it on, I don't change, it's just who I am. I said, go ahead and review it. Went in, set it in, it uploaded. Didn't happen. But we had a major at the time, a major Whitaker. He was racist, he was a black dude. He was racist. He hated white police officers in my opinion. Just my opinion. He was not proactive. He was a horrible cop throughout his career. And he didn't like the way I talked to people in that neighborhood.

4 (4h 26m 30s):
He thought I was talking to somebody like that 'cause they were black. So they called me in the office, in his office, like, Hey, we refuse this footage. Major Whitaker wants to have a conversation with you. And I'm like, dude, okay. I cussed, sorry. Like when you're in those environments, you speak their language. You don't tell him, please get inside. They don't understand that they didn't grow up with that verbiage. Hey, get fuck inside. Okay cool. Sorry. It's not, it's not the regular police. We're going back inside. So I get in there and they're all in there and he's like talking about, well we didn't like how you talk to people in that neighborhood.

4 (4h 27m 13s):
you know, it's a, it's a minority neighborhood. you know, the times that we're living in, you could have been a little nicer. I'm like, I'm like looking over at my leadership, like, Does anybody want to tell 'em why I was there? Do you even know why I was out there? A female cop is being threatened that they were gonna kill her. I'm like looking at my leadership, like,

6 (4h 27m 36s):
I

4 (4h 27m 39s):
Y'all wanna, y'all didn't tell him, y'all didn't brief him on this. Because in his mind, I'm out there just freelancing. The people that see me out there have everybody being quiet, crickets, hands in the pockets. He's like, cool. What would you have said if you're in Van Story's Hill Van Story was a, a really nice neighborhood in Fayetteville and a group of four or five white women came out drinking wine and you were on a traffic stop. What would you tell them? Again, I'm looking at my leadership like this dude's trying to bait me in on a race question.

4 (4h 28m 23s):
They're looking at me. I'm like, I tell 'em, get the fuck back inside. Went to regular police. Nothing changes. Don't make this a race thing. My leadership, like, they're like, oh. I'm like, don't, how about you being a man and say you sent us out there. The people that came in and told us to go out there didn't say a word. No shit. Nobody spoke up and said, Hey, we sent 'em out there because X, Y, and Z.

3 (4h 28m 54s):
'cause they were threatening to kill a female

4 (4h 28m 55s):
Officer. Female police officer. Nobody said a word.

3 (4h 29m 2s):
Why?

4 (4h 29m 3s):
'cause they're cowards. 'cause they don't want to take the responsibility that they sent us out there. 'cause it looks bad on them and everybody's trying to get promoted. How the

3 (4h 29m 12s):
Fuck does it look bad if they sent you out there? Because they're about to

4 (4h 29m 15s):
Have, because they don't want to take responsibility

3 (4h 29m 17s):
Because a female officer was about to get murdered.

4 (4h 29m 20s):
They don't wanna take responsibility. Nobody wants to take accountability of sending people out to do things. When it comes down to it now, when it's good, if it's good, it's good. Hey, if we send 'em out there, that was on me Monday morning. Crime we do the, the crime stats come out, right? Oh, it's lower. Yep. I sent the guys out there. We took care of that. But when shit hits the fan, you're on your own. And when the waiter brings the bill to pay, ain't nobody else paying it but you, everybody else is done, walked out. That's a major issue that we have. And I had that happen to me so many times that it just became normal.

6 (4h 29m 59s):
Is that why you left?

4 (4h 30m 2s):
I left. I left because they had us out in an area. It was a predominant gang area, drug area. And I watched a car go by and I realized that the driver was a guy that had dealt with before named Joshua Hill, known to have guns, known to sell guns, known to be a big dope boy. Not just little street stuff. you know, kilos of fentanyl, kilos of cocaine. He was, he was, he was this beautiful charger man, this chrome paint job.

4 (4h 30m 46s):
Big rims. So I get behind him and he takes off, boom, I take off with him. No lights, no sirens, take off with him. Finally turn my blue license sirens on. He goes faster. So I'm like, okay, I'm gonna turn my blue license sirens off. I'm still following you brother. And then he realizes he can't shake me. We, we didn't go far, maybe 200 yards. He pulls over. So I throw my car in park and I'm like, All, right? He's not jumping out, nothing's going on. Took a deep breath and I was like, treat it like a regular traffic stop.

4 (4h 31m 30s):
Don't act like it just almost turned into something. So I go up to the car, Rolls his window down, man, I see the bag. His car already is just thumping. He's sweating profusely. Can't even talk. He's breathing so hard. I mean, hey Sergeant, detective, the Fayetteville Police Department. The reason why I pulled you over is we have a new chief and you have really dark window tint, man window tents. The flavor of the month. I'm gonna, I need drills. I'm gonna scratch off a warning ticket and I'm hungry. I'm gonna go to Chipotle. Okay, we're gonna make this quick. So I'm like, All, right? Cool. Like where's every, where's everybody at? you know, I, I didn't put, I didn't get enough time to put it on the radio yet.

4 (4h 32m 15s):
'cause he kept, we kept playing the games and, and I was trying to get it out, but I couldn't. 'cause if he stopped too soon. So I get back in my car, I put it out and a canine officer shows up. And I was hoping for one of the gang guys. But the canine came up, which was great 'cause he is backing me up. Look up his history, man. It's just gun charges. He, he's, he's gone away for a while. I didn't see a gun when I went back and watched my body camera. You can see it clear as day, sitting right here. I just got focus on the bag, the dope. My attention went straight to the dope. I smell it.

4 (4h 32m 55s):
I know I'm gonna search the car and I know what I need to find is in that bag. So I'm watching the bag. Don't even see a gun, don't even see the Glock. Now it's a black gun with black center dash. Right? So we go up to the car, I'm like, Hey man, I'm gonna pull him out like All, right? I mean, hey Mr. Hill, I need you to step outta the vehicle. Before I walked back, I'd actually had him take his keys out and put 'em on the dash. Something I always did if I knew that I was gonna search the car. So, because of this reason, when I walked back up and asked him to step outta the vehicle, he said, no, open the door.

4 (4h 33m 36s):
He grabs the door, he shuts the door. Now he's trying to throw it in drive, but he doesn't know that his keys are on the dash. We had to turn the car off. And I made him put the keys on the dash, his ood loop. Now his, his mind went to, I gotta get outta here. So open up the door again. I dive in to get him. He reaches down, he goes to pull out a Glock, Glock hits the steering wheel. I grab a hold of the Glock. If you look right here on my hand, I have two scars. You see 'em? That's from his front side post trying to rip it outta my hand, man. I'm hitting him with elbows. I'm hitting him with, I can't shoot him.

4 (4h 34m 17s):
I'm left-handed My gun's over here. I don't have a hold of his gun with my left hand pinned down. I'm hitting him. I start beating him over the head with it. Shatters nothing. He, he knows that he's going to jail forever, man. I'm like, I'm getting tired. The canine officer was trying to get in, but he can't and wish, I wish he would've went around, but it was a pretty crazy incident, man. The passenger door opened. I can't say his name 'cause he does other federal work, but the most big beautiful country boy ever, that was the owner gang unit. Opens up the door and just punches this dude, man.

4 (4h 35m 1s):
And we fall out, get him in handcuffs. No more issues after that. His gun heads had his sweat dripping off the handle. Took pictures and videos of everything. So cool. It's a useful force, right? 'cause he, he got hurt. I hit him a couple times. He got scraped up on the ground. People are outside filming, right? Because we're in a predominant minority neighborhood. And here we are pulling out this dude, roughing him up a little bit because he had a gun. So go back to the station and upload my body camera. I'm typing my report, Body camera uploads.

4 (4h 35m 44s):
I'm allowed to watch my body camera to write my report accurately. So I'm writing my report and I write it out, submit it in. Everything's good. Come to work next morning. And I'd already, before I get to this, I'd already tried to leave Fayetteville once and we'll get to that after this. So the next morning the report comes out or I get to the office, they come to my desk, Hey, they need you in i's office. I'm like, okay.

4 (4h 36m 25s):
you know, I mean, did hit the dude, right? So I'm sure I need to sign internal affairs paperwork saying that I'm being investigated. So I go in and I, I go to make a right into the sergeant's office. And they're like, no, no, no. We're in this room. What room? The room that has the camera with the red light on it, right? Now, that means it's recorded. They're like, yeah. I'm like, oh, okay. It's kind of serious. So I get in there, they're talking, they're like, Hey, on your body camera, you stated that you thought he had a gun. You never stated that he had a gun.

4 (4h 37m 7s):
But you wrote on your report that you observed the gun. We believe that you lied on your report. I'm like, well, hold on. First of all, I was fighting for my life. My ood loop was all jacked up. And I was trying to yell that he had a gun. But I couldn't get past the initial traffic stop when I was like, man, he's gotta, I think he has a gun. He has to have a gun. It has to be one in here. But my OD loop was so messed up. I just kept yelling. I think he has a gun instead of gun. I made a mistake. Nothing unlawful about what I did. I watched my body camera, I wrote a good report.

4 (4h 37m 50s):
I stated in my report that I thought he had a gun until I observed a gun. But they were trying to twist it around 'cause that assistant chief wanted me outta that unit. James ett. So he was pressuring of why I said I thought I had a gun and try to make it seem like I was lying. I got so emotional. The gun

6 (4h 38m 16s):
Was in the body cam footage,

4 (4h 38m 18s):
Correct? Yes. And we had photos of the gun. The gun was put in evidence. The gun was taken with his dna, your hands on, all sliced up. I'm bleeding the gun with his DNA on it is in evidence on body camera. And we took crime scene photos. What are you, what are y'all talking about? So they wanted to suspend me

6 (4h 38m 48s):
For for

4 (4h 38m 50s):
What? 'cause it would've sounded bad on CNN.

3 (4h 38m 54s):
That's, that's the, that's

4 (4h 38m 55s):
If I would've shot him, it would've sounded bad on CNN. And I was too aggressive. See

3 (4h 38m 58s):
Anna, what the fuck do we even, like, why do, why is there even a Fayette Bo Police Department? What's the po honest question?

4 (4h 39m 5s):
So there is a

3 (4h 39m 5s):
Honest question. So Chief

4 (4h 39m 6s):
Bra, what

3 (4h 39m 7s):
The fuck is the point?

4 (4h 39m 8s):
So Chief Braden is there. Now Chief Braden is the only one of the few that has a backbone there. There are several others that he's promoted that have backbones and they're making better choices. Chief Braden is a, is a crime fighter. The dude still wears tactical pants. He's been on SWAT team his whole career. He took eight rounds on a search warrant. He is that, he is a, he is a crime fighter and he's the police chief there. And he's doing the best he can. And he's promoting the right people. He's just now fighting city council. Why are we pulling over black people?

4 (4h 39m 50s):
Like, I don't know, maybe 'cause their tags are dead. Why are we arresting more black people? Maybe because they're dealing drugs. I, I, I don't know. I just know that a crime is being committed and we are taking that person to jail no matter what the color is. So he has shaped the police department back. He's, the T team is doing more search warrants now than ever. They are back to trying to be crime fighters. But he's just getting so much push now from city council has too much power. They have too much power. Because for them to be able to, I mean, what do the,

3 (4h 40m 27s):
Do the, how do the citizens combat this kind of shit?

4 (4h 40m 31s):
I don't know, man. I don't think enough give a shit to be honest. I don't think they're aware. You're not aware if you don't attend the meetings and nobody attends those meetings.

3 (4h 40m 43s):
Well, I mean, they might be aware that their city is being overrun by gangs.

4 (4h 40m 50s):
It's, but they put out we don't have a gang problem. The city council does. We do have a gang problem. But I will say Sean Braden is, is doing a, I would, I would go back and work at the Fayetteville Police Department right now. I would, under Chief Braden is the only person I would, now there are still some cowards in that leadership, but there are more people now with backbones that are, were on specialized units and, and we're proactive police officers that are making a difference there. Now, the biggest problem they're facing now is trying to get city council to raise their pay while work at Fayetteville.

4 (4h 41m 33s):
And you can go work at Kerry for 20,000 more dollars. And it's a way nicer city. But chief fought for them and did get them a pay raise. So he's doing the things. There are still some police departments that have great leadership. They're just,

3 (4h 41m 51s):
I don't doubt that. And I'm not saying there's

4 (4h 41m 53s):
Far and in between,

3 (4h 41m 54s):
But I'm saying with the other chief, what is the point of having a police department? I don't have that. What is the point?

4 (4h 42m 4s):
The chief that I worked under that was the assistant chief. James Ette, the main chief. Her name is Tinana Hawkins. She tricked us. She got hired and started buying our attack team, everything. And then it was like she flipped a switch overnight. More people left because of her than anything. Dude, her last year as a cop, she was at a bar, a gang bar on Owen Drive in Fayetteville, North Carolina left with the mayor two minutes later, had a homicide.

4 (4h 42m 44s):
Her vehicle was in front of the building. She showed up two hours later, had a police officer come pick her up. 'cause they assumed that she was drunk. Showed up at the crime scene. One of the homicide detectives said, Hey Chief, I'm here to brief you. She said, Hey, I'm here to get my car. She has sunglasses on and a wig. They said, we can't take your car. She moved him out the way, went and took her vehicle that was taped off in the middle of a crime scene and drove it off the bar. Had cocaine in it. The bar was a, it was a homecoming weekend for Fayetteville State University, which is Fayetteville's.

4 (4h 43m 24s):
There's two colleges, three colleges, Methodist, Fayetteville Community College, and then Fayetteville State University, which is a all black college. It was their homecoming. They had a massive party there with gang members. Apparently I wasn't there. There was drugs all over the bar that our police chief was at. They paid her $250,000. She claimed some racists that she was mistreated because of her race. And then she went back down to Atlanta. Our city manager was only there because he got a DUI in a county that she worked in. And she got him out, the DUI and then he hired her. When he got hired in Fayville, she wasn't even in the running.

4 (4h 44m 4s):
He brought her back in the running. It's that kind of stuff that is going unnoticed and why people are leaving. That's the shitty leadership I'm talking about. So after they told me that it would've sounded bad on CNNI lost it. I'm so mad.

3 (4h 44m 27s):
You were gonna talk about something that happened a couple weeks prior.

4 (4h 44m 31s):
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was trying to leave Fayetteville and, and this is the first time this has ever been heard, other than my wife and a few other people. Nobody at the department ever knew why I came back. I lied and said the trooper, the guy decided not to go to the troopers. So I decided I had to leave Fayetteville. 'cause they were just, man, it was just like one incident after another, just horrible leadership. They were telling us to go do something. I'd point my gun and then I'd get written up. I'm like, I can't sustain here. I I can't work here anymore.

4 (4h 45m 14s):
My mental health is damn near gone. And I'm drinking all the time, all night long. I'm drinking. So I applied for a police department where I live now, called Riceville Beach. Went in for an interview and I answered like four questions. And they were like, Hey, you're hired. Just don't do nothing stupid in between now and when you can move up here. I was like, oh, absolutely man. The following weekend, like, wait, that was on a Thursday? Yeah, the following weekend, Saturday. There's an island called Palm Tree Island. It's got a fake palm tree. It's, you can go out and pull the boats up and swim.

4 (4h 45m 56s):
It's super fun. It was July 4th weekend. Went out to the island with some, with some friends. I was just drinking, man. I drank a whole fifth of fireball. Just, I was at that point, I'm drinking outta rage. Just pure rage. 'cause they didn't wanna face the reality that I have to still go back to work, deal with bad leadership. It got to the point, Sean, where I didn't even want to go to work. I couldn't go to sleep because the anxiety was so bad about knowing that when I get to work tomorrow, somebody's gonna task me with something and then they're gonna write me up for it if it doesn't go smooth.

4 (4h 46m 36s):
So man, I drank this whole bottle back when my wife was drinking too. She was drunk. And the people we came on the boat with left, left, left us on an island. Sure. There was a bunch of people. I was drunk. I didn't know anybody. So the island is, is a, it's in the intercostal waterway, but it's, it's maybe 50 yards from the shoreline, but it's deep and it's a high boat, boat area. So my wife say, Hey, we're gonna swim. I'm like, yeah, we got another option. So we swam. I'm like, I'm a decent swimmer, but drunk.

4 (4h 47m 17s):
It's kinda hard, especially with the current right? Low tide was coming in. So the current was pushing out and I, I felt like I was drowning. We get all the way to the, to the, we make it across, we get to the dock and I'm just a country boy from West Virginia, right? I don't know about all the barn holes and everything on the docks. I grab a hold of the dock current's coming out, current sweet, takes my legs out and just slices my legs. I'm like, dang. So get out. And I look down and I'm just bleeding shit. I'm just, my whole legs is covered in blood. And I'm like, oh my God, we gotta get back to the house. Like I'm not supposed to be out here acting a fool.

4 (4h 47m 57s):
And now I'm standing on a dock with blood everywhere. And I'm, and I'm hammered shit house, not hammered, shit house. So we take off walking and we're not familiar with the area and we're drunk. My wife's like, Hey, we gotta go this way. I'm like, no, we have to go this way. This is the way to the house. She's like, no. So we get in this massive verbal argument on the side of the road. Cars everywhere. It's July 4th. I'm screaming. She's screaming. I'm like, fine, go that way. I'm going this way. She, she goes that way. I go this way, man. 45 seconds later I hear it.

6 (4h 48m 39s):
Woo.

4 (4h 48m 42s):
I turn around this dude, draw him down on me. Show me your hands. I'm like, okay. He comes over and he handcuffed me. He's like, where's she at? I'm like, who? He's like the lady you were arguing with. I'm like, this is my wife. She walked that way. I'm walking this way. We're trying to figure out who gets to the house first. Put me in the back of a cop car. The rest of the cops show up. They know who I am. They asked the dude what happened? They went and found my wife. She was like, nothing happened.

4 (4h 49m 22s):
They come back to him and they're like, what? Why did you put him in handcuffs? He's a cop in Fayetteville. He didn't do nothing wrong. Now he's in the back of a cop car in handcuffs. Takes me out. They all apologize to even take me to the, to the house. And I got a call Monday morning, you're not hired. So I tried to leave and I failed.

6 (4h 49m 54s):
I,

4 (4h 49m 55s):
So now I'm thinking, man, they all knew I was leaving. I told 'em I'd gotten the job that Thursday and I was gonna prepare to leave. I was like, oh my God, dude,

6 (4h 50m 9s):
How

4 (4h 50m 11s):
If they find out about it, I'm gonna get disciplinary action and probably taken off the gang unit. How do I tell him I'm not going to this department anymore? I came up with a lie. I said, Hey, the guy that was leaving to go to highway patrol didn't get the job in the highway patrol. So he went back to the job and they're not filling it. They did offer me a reserve job for now, but I told him that if I can't get a full-time job, I can't commit to that. And that bought me about a month until this incident occurred that I just explained with fighting for the gun. And then once that happened, I had an emotional breakdown.

4 (4h 50m 52s):
I was like, I can't leave this place. I'm stuck here. I'm getting treated. I'm getting shit on right now in, in our room that's being interviewed because I fought a guy for a gun the day before. And it would look bad on CNN. Well guess what, asshole, what about my family? Because the fact of the matter is, if I would've died on that Friday, they would've had a nice memorial service. People would agreed, they would've put these beautiful flowers and reefs on my car. Had a memorial service Saturday funeral on Monday and before the flowers died on my vehicle Monday morning, they would be swiped off and it would be reissued out. My desk would be cleared and I would be some stupid picture on a wall.

4 (4h 51m 36s):
And the next generations of police officer would walk by and just know That's just some guy that died here. And the only people grieving me for the rest of my life would be my wife and son. That's the truth. You don't ever put an agency before your family because the agency moves on. Your family doesn't. They grieve you forever. The agency does some bullshit stuff for a couple days and then don't even communicate with your family anymore. Your badge gets reissued out. Everything. Like you didn't exist except for the picture that collects dust in a hallway that people don't even know who you are. So I got up, I completely excuse myself from this.

4 (4h 52m 20s):
After they told me it was sounded bad on CNN, I didn't hear anything. I walked, I stood up, went to the bathroom outside the gang unit office. It's a single bathroom, locked the door. I sat down on the ground and just cried my eyes out. I said, I can't do this. 'cause I knew that from here on out, I would never be able to make a decision to protect myself in the event of a deadly force encounter. 'cause I'll always think about, am I gonna get in trouble? And I can't do that. I can't put my family through it. I wasn't feeling well, man. Called my friend who was my, my family doctor.

4 (4h 53m 4s):
And I went and saw her. I just left, I left the apartment, went and saw her. I guess they were still waiting for me. And I, I don't know. She said, come in immediately. I went and saw her, sat down. She said, Blake, you don't look good. I'm like, what do you mean? She goes, no, like I see it. You don't look good. Her husband was a retired Green Beret and she knows the look. And she goes, talk to me. And I talked to her and she put me on medical leave the, I always mess it up. fm, LFA, whatever that is. It's the medical leave. Like the people take when they have babies and stuff. Always mess that up.

4 (4h 53m 46s):
But Kyle's gonna laugh at that 'cause I always mess it up. But she said, Hey you, you can't do this job no more. She goes, it, it's going to, it's gonna take your life. I'm just crying man. 'cause I love this job. It's the highlight of my life. I, I was in it, man. I was, I was in it. I, I didn't get the opportunity to go sf And here I am in this specialized unit that is just big boy rules. Something I always wanted was, and we were killing it. And man, she gave me my paperwork and I went back to the department.

4 (4h 54m 28s):
They're like, oh, well, where'd you go? I was like, Hey, I'm out. I'm not doing this no more. They're all mouse all dropped down. I'm like, y'all fucking did this to me. I love this job. I'd have died for any of y'all. I love this job more than everybody in this building. And you stole my passion from me. 'cause you failed to be a good leader. James Knowlet stole the passion of law enforcement out me, sucked it out of me because he thought that was gonna help him be promoted, stole it from me.

4 (4h 55m 10s):
Man, I love law enforcement. That's why I love working at Blueberry. I love what I do now. We give so much to the community, to law enforcement. All of our training courses are incredible because we're passionate about what we do. I've had somebody ask me, Blake, why do you still give back to the community? You're completely screwed over because I love you and I love everybody that wakes up every morning and puts a badge on. And I'll say this, think about it like this. All the tier one guys, all the specialized military units, they go do the most dangerous jobs in the world.

4 (4h 55m 51s):
The most secrets, dangerous jobs in the world. But the difference they get to get on an airplane and come back to the United States of America. Police officers are deployed 365 days a year, seven days a week in a city that they have to work in. You wanna talk about paranoia?

6 (4h 56m 9s):
I,

4 (4h 56m 10s):
I can't even go to Best Buy with my son without being bumped into somebody that I arrested for a drug charge. And I don't know if he's gonna kill me right here, right now. That's paranoia. Law enforcements take their life. I believe because of paranoia. 185 law enforcement officers killed themselves in 2023. 136 died in the line of duty. Why are we having more officers dying by self-inflicted gunshot wounds than they are fighting crime? It's because the leadership is pushing us to the point where we would rather kill ourselves than have to see your fucking face in the morning. That's the problem.

4 (4h 56m 52s):
And it needs to be addressed nationwide. The DOJ needs to do something about it. The somebody needs to do something. It's getting outta control. And bad leaders need to be held accountable. They need to be fired. Man, I'm passionate about this 'cause I feel sorry for them because there are some good ass cops out there, man, that are still believing the right, still doing the right thing. But when it, when the time comes and there's a little, little hiccup in what they're doing, they're thrown to the wolves and their families have to suffer because it comes out of a paycheck. And that's bullshit. If you get an officer involved shooting, they put your ass in a closet, whether you're good or not.

4 (4h 57m 34s):
If it's a good shooting, they put your ass in the closet, gives you a new gun, and they make you watch body camera footage. Nobody checks on you. They put you in the worst job possible man. It's, things need to be done better. People need to speak up. you know how you change this, Sean Fucking officers need to step up and speak up. 'cause as a unit as a whole, they can get some stuff done. You might be scared alone, but man form you a group and, and, and, and make sure that that bad leader gets out of there or you walk out.

4 (4h 58m 17s):
'cause they want that bad leader or they wanna lose a hundred people. I try to bring this to Gina Hawkins attention. She called me when she found out I was leaving, begged me to come in for an interview the day after. She said, please come in. We don't want you to leave. I said, chief, I'm out. I'm like, your leadership is fucking horrible. The people you have under you. Horrible. She said, still come in and talk to me. Come on Blake. I said, alright, I'll give you an exit interview. I came in there, I sat down, started telling her issues. She didn't want to hear it, man. She didn't wanna hear it. She took up for every one of those dudes.

4 (4h 58m 59s):
I said, that's the problem. That's why I'm leaving. I said, you don't even know it yet, but you're about to have a mass exit. Like it's crazy. The riots, why would anybody want to be a cop after the riots, the city we lived in, they were burning them all down. Our SWAT team was riding around in unmarked cars and it looked like, what's the movie where they have like 24 hours to kill people? you know what I'm talking about? Oh, what is that movie?

6 (4h 59m 36s):
Hunger Games?

4 (4h 59m 37s):
No, no. They have 24 hours to kill people. It's legal. All crime's legal for 24 hours. Can't think of the name of it. I I, if I wasn't on here, I'd spell it off. But man, that's what it was like. People doing donuts in the middle of major intersections, shooting guns in the air, people shooting glass out of convenience stores.