
Streaming December 12th on Peacock, Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie are back. That's hot. Loves it for a showstopping reunion that will prove putting on an opera is anything but simple. Sa We're really good at this one thing for sure. They won't be upstaged. Good to have you back. Come on, we've got a show to do. Paris and Nicole, the Encore, A three-part reunion special streaming December 12th only on Peacock.


This episode is brought to you by Skinny Pop. Popcorn perfectly popped, endlessly Delicious. Oh, so light and crunchy. Skinny pop Original popcorn is the snack you've been searching for. Made with just three simple ingredients, popcorn kernel, sunflower oil, and salt snacking. Never felt or tasted so good. Perfectly popped. Endlessly Delicious. Give yourself permission to snack and pick up Skinny Pop original Popcorn today.


Alan Mack, welcome to the show, man. Oh, thanks For having me. It's my pleasure. So first, first helicopter pilot on the, on the show from Night Stalk or TF one 60. Man, I've been wanting to get one of you guys for a long time. And then we connected, what, about two years ago? About a year and a half, and a year and a half ago. And then, and then for whatever reason, the conversation kind of fell off and, but now you're here and man, I'm, I'm calm and glad to be. We've had a ton of requests for TF one 60th guys, so Thank you for Thank you for making the trip. Glad to be here. That's all I can say.


But yeah, so everybody starts off with an intro. So, man, you've been a part of like, so much history, high profile missions in the G wad. I can't, I just can't wait to get another perspective. We've interviewed a lot of guys that you've, a lot of guys that have been on ops that you've been a part of and, and very apparent. We have a lot of mutual friends as I got blown up, Hey, you gotta get this guy on the show, but I just, I can't wait to get another perspective. And I want to dig into your training and all, all that stuff and get, get the life of A Night Stalker documented.


But quick rundown of your intro. You've served more than 35 years, 17 of which were served in Army Special Operations as a combat and Instructor pilot entrusted with the United States military ACA Academy Flight Detachment at West Point, New York logged more than 6,700 flying hours, 3,200 with night vision goggles, taking part in Operation Desert Ste Shield Desert Storm, and was a major factor in the global War on Terror. Flew MH 40 sevens while assigned to one 60th soar, the Army's only special Operations aviation regimen.


Your crew was one of the first in Afghanistan and the first into Mazar Sharif as part of America's response to the attacks on nine 11. Highly decorated, receiving the Legion of Merit. Two distinguished flying crosses. Three Bronze star medals, three meritorious service medals, 10 air medals, one with Valor Combat Action Badge, and the Army Broken Wing Award. Now you serve your local government as Deputy Commissioner of Emergency Services for Orange County, New York. You're the author of Razor Zero three A Night Stalkers Wars. And you have another book coming out from my understanding when we spoke at breakfast.


Do you have a title for that one yet? The working title is Chinooks in the Dark and I'm not sure what the subtitle is. Nice. And you're a husband, a father, a stepdad and a grandfather and a man of faith And a pet parent. Got A dog and a pet parent. What kind of pet? What kind of pet? He's got a Jacoby, a Jack Russell Beagle Mix. Nice, nice. But quite the career man. And then just going through the outline. Wow. Just some of the stuff you've been a part of. I'm just gonna read some of this stuff, man. But horse soldier infill, ODA 5 9 5 shot down during operation and a conduct, you're on the rescue op for Marcus Latrell, lone Survivor, also known as for military folks, operation Red Wing and tons more.


But man, just to, we got a lot to talk about, man. So before we get too in the weeds though, everybody gets a gift. Maybe this is the only reason you're here, I don't know. But Let's, I wouldn't blame it. I wouldn't blame you if it was Ah, the Vigilance, Elite gummies, Vigilance, Elite gummies. These are great. I I did trade you a book a year and a half ago for some of these, and I'm glad that's why I came down here was just for the gummies You Did. They're still legal in all 50 states and they're still made here in the USA and then those are just some stickers for whatever. But, And you know, like any good house guest, you know, I gotta bring a, you know, house warming gift.


I don't have gummies, but, but I've got is a coin the right way? And it's, I had that made when the book came out, the, the front of that's an attitude indicator because I believe everything in life is about attitude. And that's a positive attitude by the way there, Man. Thank you. That'll go great right there. Cool with, with all the coins. Thank you man. I appreciate that. And one last thing. So before we get into the interview, I have a Patreon account. They're our top supporters. They've been with us since the beginning. They're the reason I get to do this, and you get to be here.


And, and part of the thing that, that I promise them is they get to the opportunity to ask a guest a question. And so this is from Steven Casey and this they know about you. So, okay. This won't make sense to a lot of people until later on in the interview. But I thought it was a good question. How did you gain the perspective to serve your family while in service and what helped you do that? That's actually a tough question. Yeah. You know, family's always been a big part of my life and as we get into the interview, you, you'll find out that, you know, it wasn't always the priority and, you know, I had to make some adjustments to that.


And, you know, part of what made us stronger, like, especially my relationship with my sons was spending time together and prioritizing that for sure. But sometimes the job took priority over even that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. How did you find a way? What was your cue? You know, really it was my wife. So she had her own problems, but she made sure that my sons And I had a good relationship. So whether it was, And I remember when my kids were young, there was no internet, you know, to speak of, unless you were on a OL or CompuServe. So it wasn't like just pulling your phone out.


So she would shove us out the door and say, you know, it's like you do to your kids. But she included me in it was, go spend time with your boys and we would just go do whatever we felt like doing, you know, whether it was taking the boat out or hiking or, you know, some kind of sports or something like that. So really putting that effort into my son's was, was the key to everything. You and your son still pretty close. Very close, yeah. That's good to hear, man. Yeah, that's good to hear. Well, you ready to dig in? I'm ready. Let's go. Alright man. So we're gonna do, we're gonna do the typical military life story. And so we'll go through childhood, get into your military career, get into just from transition stuff, and then that'll be it.


All right? But, so where did you grow up? So I was born in New Hampshire, coastal New Hampshire. So I grew up in Portsmouth, which is right by the, the Navy base there. It is a submarine base right in the end of the river. And I like to consider myself sort of a, a free range teenager at the time, you know, 'cause once again there's no internet, no cell phones. So, you know, my parents would open the door, I'd go out with my friends, we'd jump on our 10 speeds and ride. I think we had a range of operations about 20 miles. And you know, we'd go to the beach, we'd go to, you know, out in the woods, whatever trouble you can get into in coastal New England.


I was not a bad kid by any means. Never got in trouble, you know, nothing, you know, nothing bad, nothing bad. But yeah, we'd go, you know, toilet paper houses, that kind of thing, you know, at night. That was the extent of our, you know, life of crime if you will Close with your parents. Yeah, yeah. My dad passed away in oh six. He went in his sleep, sat down in his recliner, went to sleep, didn't wake up the next day. And I kind of think if you're not gonna go out in a ball of flame, you know, like instantly then in you're asleep in your favorite chair, I, you know, not a bad way to go.


Yeah. Yeah. My mother's still up in New Hampshire. She's a, a local artist, you know, she paints, does some wonderful work. My brother's up there and that's kinda the extent of my family, really. My grandparents are all gone. Right on. What, I mean, what kind of stuff were you into as a kid? Well, as really high school's, the first I could think of something I could talk about, and it's really cross country and track were my big things, right? So I did, you know, cross country in the fall, winter track, which, you know, in New England, you know, you're doing indoors, right? We did that at the University of New Hampshire. And then in the spring you had spring track and I was generally, a miler wasn't very fast.


I ran about 4 45, 4 40 for a mile. And You don't think 4 45 is a fast mile? Well, there were guys that were way faster than me, so that's pretty good. And I tried my hand at the hurdles, but I really didn't have the speed, you know, in the short term. So I could do like the three 30 intermediates, you know, which is a long grueling race, you know? Yeah. But at the very end, when I was a senior, I trained for the decathlete decathlon and I learned a pole vault for the discus, you know, stuff like that. And I actually jumped, I like 12 feet, something like that in my, my training jumps. And the coach is looking at me like, I think we missed you in some events.


And I was like, I don't know. But it was a lot of fun, you know, life revolved around my friends, you know, in track and Good childhood it sounds like. Yeah, Yeah, it was good. What got you interested in flying? So, believe it or not, the Vietnam War was going on, right? And so I must have been six, seven years old or so, and it was on the evening news, right? You didn't have the 24 hour news cycle. You had, you know, the five o'clock news, 10 o'clock news or whatever it was, depending on your time zone. And they always had Huey's zipping across, you know, the screen. And I was like, I wanna do that right? To remember the TV guide when you were a kid?


Oh, oh yeah. You had the, the little paper magazine. Yep. You know, with the what's on TV and in it was an insert for the Army recruiting, right? So I filled it out And I sent it in, you know, I wanna be a pilot And I must have been 10, maybe 11. And the recruiter sends me a, a handwritten letter back, a bag full of stickers and, you know, stuff like that. And he's like, Hey, look, I see by your birthday you're not quite old enough to talk to me. But, you know, keep that thought alive and you know, call me back when you're 18. I fast forward a number of years. I'm in high school, I'd forgotten about the army thing my senior year.


I'm planning on following onto college in New Hampshire, and I've got a guy, He is gonna be a roommate, the whole thing. And I start thinking, you know, this is in the fall of 1980, and I'm thinking if I go to school, I'm just gonna party. You know, I'm not gonna study, you know, I wasn't a bad student, but I wasn't a good student, you know what I mean? I just never did my homework kind of thing. I knew I should, but I didn't, And I knew that college would be the same thing. So I'm worried about what I'm gonna do. And another friend had just been to the Army recruiter and he, he comes in, oh, is it the army can do all this stuff, you can go to Germany, you know, which was West Germany at the time.


And I was like, you know, I was wearing fly helicopters And I saw a commercial. Remember those BeYou can be commercials? Oh yeah. Well, there's like two, even three of 'em that helicopters are involved in. And one of 'em is like a, a w one, you know, the, the warrant officer ranks are one through five now, and he's in a Cobra helicopter zipping around, you know, and they finish up and the the senior guy's like, not bad for a rookie, you know? And I'm like, that's what I wanna do. So I go into the army recruiter that my friend had been to, I'm like, I wanna fly helicopters. And He is like, whoa, hold on now. And I, I saw it on tv, you can go from high school to flight school. And he's like, well pump the brakes turbo. It doesn't really work like that, you know?


And he's like, you know, you gotta have something going for you for that to happen, you know? And I was like, well, like what? And he said, he, he tell you what, why don't you join the army in aviation like an aircraft mechanic, you know, do two, three years, learn the, the culture, the lingo, learn about the aircraft, you know, the, all that kind of stuff. And then put it for flight school. And it's much easier to get in. Now that statement is, is twofold. One, the recruiter doesn't get credit for officer candidates at All, right? So, oh, even if he got me, he gets no credit for it. It may or may not have been able to do it, who knows. But he did put me into Army Aviation as a aircraft mechanic, worked on Huey's Cobras 50 eights, and turns out it was good advice, you know, And I did nine years, I, I reached the rank of Staff Sergeant E six in the Army.


I was in Germany, west Germany at the time, and I decided I was gonna get out of the army, but I really wanted to fly. So I a packet. Really? Yep. So, you know, I had two kids, little kids, and my wife was a, a Linda at the time was a, a medical assistant. And I thought, you know, they're just gonna send me back to Fort Bliss El Paso, which I didn't wanna do. And so I said, you know what? Why don't we get out, but I'll put in for flight school first. If I get picked up, we stay. If not, we get out. And so I got picked up, which was, was amazing, you know, so I did almost four years in, in West Germany and off to Fort Rucker, Alabama.


But that's how I, I got interested really was the BLUB, commer be all u can be commercials and the evening news. What took you so long to, I mean, if you joined to fly, why did it take you nine years to put your package In? Because, so my first assignment was to South Korea, which is a whole nother story we might get into later. 'cause that was a military Junta ran it then it wasn't a democracy. And I went back many years later and it was a big improvement. But, so a year on a company there, I go to Fort Bliss, Texas, where I meet my future to be wife Linda.


Do three, three and a half years there. And then I go to Germany on a three year accompanied assignment. So we get there, have our two sons. Gotcha. And now, you know, the timing is, you know, that. And then flight school's almost a year long. So I count that in the nine years. And that's why Right on. Right on. Did you know what you wanted to fly when you put the package in? I wanted to fly Huey's. Huey's Because it, what I wanted to do was assault, right? Think of, you know, you know, back then it was the air calve, you know, doing the big, big, you know, multi ship assaults.


And so that's what I wanted to do. And the Blackhawk was just coming out. As a matter of fact, in my class, we had like 72 students, I think, to start with. And 20, eh, like 30 of us got Huey's, 10 of us got cobras, and then most of the others got 50, and there were only six Black Hawk slots. So that's how new the Black Hawks were, you know, showing my age. But yeah, so I, I wanted fly Hueys. So what did you, All right, so, so what did you get to Fly? Well, I, I learned in one Hueys by the end of class.


So you know what's happening to the airlines right now where the pilots are aging out, right? They're hitting age 65 and they can't by law fly. Well, in the army, Chinook pilots, a Chinook transition is considered a reward, right? So remember the Vietnam War had been going on, guys were flying Hueys doing the assault work. If you survived it and got back, and then they wanted to send you back, the reward was you could transition to a Chinook, right? So now you're not necessarily doing assault work, you're still flying around Vietnam, you know, carrying artillery and supplies and all that kind of stuff, but you're not really doing assault work. So it's consider, and it's an advanced aircraft, so it's considered a reward. So if you think of like that Vietnam timeframe, these guys on their second tour, so about the time I'm in flight school, these guys are all reaching 60, 65 years old, and they're all retiring in droves, right?


So it's very senior heavy rank. And the army realized they had to generate from the bottom up. So they're gonna take W ones, right? And once again, you go W one, CW two, CW three, CW four, and now CW five, which is a relatively new rank, but at the time it was CW four was the senior, senior guys. So how are you gonna replace those guys? The army's plan was to take w ones outta flight school and inject them in while you still had senior people to, to mentor them. But who do you take, right? I mean, it's supposed to be an advanced aircraft, supposed to be a reward. So you want the cream of the crop, if you will.


And the only way to do that, the metric that they have is grade point average, right? So, you know, I have to be like, high school grade point, no, no, flight school flight, okay? Flight school grade point average. So you get graded on your academics, your, you know, your participation, your, your flying each, each flight gets a, a grade slip, you know, with a numerical grade. And they, they end up with this grade point average. There was a rumor, and it was sort of true, it depended on the class, was that if you were in the top five of the class, right? There's 72 of us. But if you're in the top five, when it, when it got to aircraft assignments, you could pick what you wanted, right?


So if you wanted to pick what you wanted, you wanted to be in the top five guys. So there were a bunch of us that were, you know, there were probably 10 of us that were all within, you know, hundreds of a point, you know, 98.2, 98.3, you know, that kind of thing. And were, were competing, right? And every time you got your, your exams back, you picked, oh man, that guy, he got like 0.1 above me. You know, he's, he just moved up. And so it turned out that I was, I was number one in the class. And a and a good story here about never quitting is that one of the guys I was competing with, if you will, when the assignments came out, they did not give us a choice. And, you know, I got shoved, we all got shoved off in Huey's, all those top guys, and he got mad and he, I wanna say he quit, but he, he stopped trying, right?


So he studied enough, he did what he had to do, but he quit. He, he dropped from being in 98 point something to, you know, 88 point something, right? So instead of going from an a went to a B kind of thing, and then toward the end, what I just talked about, the Chinook thing, the Army said, okay, we're gonna do two slots from your class, get chinooks, right? So two, two pilots would get Chinooks and we're gonna take the number one and two guy. And I happened to be number one, and my stick buddy was number two. And this guy probably would've been one or two had, he kept going, but he gave up. And now he's like throwing stuff around the, you know, the classroom. He's like, dammit, I shouldn't have quit. You know? And it's like, good point buddy.


And I remember to this day, I, I use that lesson on my kids and tell 'em, it's like, don't get mad, you didn't get the job you wanted. Don't get mad that you didn't get this or that. Things always work out. They just do, don't give up. You know? So You wanted a Chinook? I didn't. I was actually mad that I got it. Really? Yeah, because remember I said I wanted to be, yeah, that's why assault worker, right? And I'm like a Chinook, that's bull. You know, it is gonna be like, you know, flying from airport to airport, that's gonna suck. And the instructors, you know, all retired warrant officers, all older guys, they're like, slap back then slap me in the back of the head, right? And they're like, you idiot, shut your mouth and take the slot, right?


And I'm like, but I wanna fly Huey's. And they're like, Huey's are going away. Trust me. Take the Chinook, right?


Are you tired of scrolling through social media and binge watching tv? There's a better way to spend your time. And that's educating yourself. That's why I am so excited that Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important subjects. You can learn about the works of CS Lewis. The stories in the book of Genesis, the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College's online courses all available for free. That's right. For free. I personally recommend you sign up for Western Heritage from the book of Genesis to John Locke. In this 11 lecture online course, you'll explore the history and unique character of Western civilization and discover how its central elements gave rise to the American founding. It includes lessons on early Christianity, the Renaissance, the reformation, the scientific revolution, and much more. The course is self-paced so that you can start whenever and wherever. Enroll now in Hillsdale's Western Heritage Course. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to get started. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss. To register hillsdale.edu/ss,


Donald Trump is officially the next president of the United States of America. While millions of Americans are celebrating the victory, thousands of others are still concerned about their savings. The unfortunate truth is, we still have a $35 trillion debt. The interest on that debt could now be larger than our entire defense budget for the first time in history. Plus, the wars that started during the Biden administration are still raging across the globe. So what can you do to help protect your savings? Many Americans are already taking action by reaching out to a top rated precious metals company that's Goldco right now. Goldco is offering a free gold and silver kit to show you how precious metals like gold and silver, could help you diversify your savings before it's too late. Visit Sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 Gold to get your copy free of charge. Plus you could receive up to a 10% instant match on bonus silver for qualified accounts. Visit sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. That's sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


So I did, you know, grudgingly and as soon as I flew that thing, I was like, this is amazing. It's one of the fastest helicopters in the planet, let alone in the US Army. It's a, it's very powerful and it's no harder to fly than a, than a Huey. But it, you know, there's a whole now conversation on, on that. But that's how I ended up, you know, flying Chinooks learned on Huey's, transitioned into CH 47 Deltas, you know, just before deserts Desert Shield. And then, you know, I flew in there and then, you know, I ended up instructing in those. And then, you know, we get into the one 60th, you know, later. Wow. Wow. Let's go to, I mean, so what was it like for you walking into flight school?


So you start out your dream, so it's different now, but at the time what you did is you first went to walk school warn officer candidate school, and that was like eight weeks of we start out with, you know, you did hell week, we had like hell day, you know, and it was tough. And I remember the little head game they played was they, you know, they came in, you're beat to hell. And they'd say, okay, somebody yells in the room, you know, 20% got it. And then they're like, we just got off the phone with the secretary of the Army, you know, we have to lose 20% of you because of budget cuts, so we're just gonna do hell, hell day every day until 20% of you quit, right?


And I'm like, well, I'm not quitting, you know, you could have to throw me outta here. And there were guys, it was like one guy got up and walked out. So it worked, you know, I was like, All right, he didn't wanna be here. What does hell day consist of It, you know, it's like, you know, crawling through the mud pits and pushups and mountain climbers and just burning out physically just to beat down. Yeah, it's a big, it's a beat down and it, it is not pleasant to say the least, especially for Army aviators and or guys that want to be, and these guys, you know, the tack officers are walking around just like the guys at Buds, you know, you know, except back then, you know, smoking a cigarette, come on, let's go upstairs, we'll get some donuts and some coffee.


It's warm, you know, it's comfortable. You get a shower, we'll just put you on your way. Look, you're, you're an E seven. You know, there were guys that were e sevens there and it's like, you're an E seven, you had a good life. Why do you wanna do this? You know? And they'd, yeah, right. Screw it, you know, I quit, you know, and guys would just do that. And I don't know, four or five guys quit during it. And that one guy in the meeting, and you know, they, they do that to you, not to that extent, but for the next eight weeks. 'cause you're not flying. So you're doing what we call cubing, right? So you have a, a cubicle, right? You have your, your bunk, you know, a desk, a, a locker. And every morning when you get up, you have, I dunno, 10 minutes to have your bunk with a white collar on it and your, your, your coat hangers to be exact, you know, you know, big deal.


Like any NCO school you had been to, and you know, you get outside, obviously you're not fast enough, you're not straight enough, whatever. They come into the barracks and throw the stuff outta your locker onto the floor so that when you came back at the end of the day, you know, you got like an hour to, that was personal time. Now you're repairing the damage they did as opposed to just adjusting things. And it's a, you know, it's a head game. It's a little bit of hazing really, but, you know, it kind of, it does go to show who army warrant officers are in my age group. You know, why we're such assholes. But anyway, so you, so you do that and then when you, when you're done, you move on to, so that's a company, then you move on to B company and that's primary flight, right?


Which is where you learn to fly. So, you know, depending on what they call the bubble, you know, where the schedule is for classes, you know, based on aircraft, maintenance, weather, that kind of stuff. So, you know, you might, you might roll right through, you might go from a company to B company and roll right into C company, you know, seven months later. Or you could have, you know, two weeks of rain that's, you know, you can't fly in or something and it just sets you back. Well, what that does is that ripple effect is it sets back all the other classes. So in the meantime, while you're waiting to get the flight, you're, you know, you're polishing brass and you're doing, you know, just things to keep you busy, painting rocks, you know, that kind of stuff.


Or you might be working at one of the facilities on post, you know, as a, like a, think of like a detailer, you know, giving you like a temporary assignment. Like I actually worked at the museum for a couple of weeks, which was pretty good 'cause I was an aircraft mechanic. I helped them with some, some of the displays, you know, getting the, you know, as they were setting them up. But that's how you get into the, the flying. And then when you're in How, just real quick. Yeah. How long does it take, let's say there's no weather delays or anything. How long does it take from day one to flight school before you're in the air? When You bring a helicopter? I would say six weeks, maybe seven, Six weeks. Yeah. That's quick. Yeah. That's, if everything rolls right along and you start out in primary learning to fly right now, just before I got there, they switched over the army switched over from the th 55, which was a little two seater, a little bug looking thing that it was just you and your Instructor.


And when you picked up to a hover, when you pull power, the nose wants to, to go to the right and you have to give it left pedal to, to keep it in heading. And, and in a modern helicopter, the engines keep pace with the, the rotors. And back then in this thing, you had to like control the throttle at the same time. So it was an additional thing. I got lucky in that it went away and they had just transitioned into Huey's as the primary trainer, which I won't fly anyway. So I get into this thing and you know, they take you out to the stage field. There's, there's Huey's all over the place, you know, just flying around, hovering, doing their thing. And the instructor's like, All right, you know, here's what you do, right? You have the controls, I have the controls.


And then you just, you know, you go off in whatever direction. I mean, you can't hover, right? And that's the very first, it's insane because you know, when you go to bed at night, so you have a stick buddy, right? So when a partner, right? So when he, when he's flying, you're in the back, and when you're flying, he's in the back, right? So not only are you there for your flight period, but you're in the back going up and down and left. And I mean, just your, your inner ear is getting all, you know Yeah. Discombobulated, right? So at night when you went to bed, you were, you felt yourself, it's like being on a ship, right? For a while and you go lay on a regular bed and you feel like you're moving, but you're not. And that's what it's like. And then, you know, the first person in the class learns to hover, you know, he comes back and he's like, you know, I found the hover button.


You know, which means you can just, you know, maintain a stationary, you know, three foot hover, you know, you don't drift in. And then, you know, as individuals in the class learn, right? It takes about five hours really to learn to hover, right? So in each, each flight period's about an hour and a half. So it takes a couple of flights and you know, when you're like the last guy, you're feeling like, what am I incompetent? I can't do this. Maybe I'm not, you know? Yeah. A pilot, right? And then you just, one day you find yourself hovering, you know, they're like, Hey, you have the controls, I have the girls. Hey, you're hovering. Wow, I'm hovering, right? And once you learn, it's like riding a bike. You don't, you don't forget, you know, and so that transitions into traffic pattern flight.


So you're going up and around the pattern, you're coming in, you're landing. They'll say, you know, the, So literally the first thing you do is just try to learn how to hover. Yep. For like, I dunno, three, four days, five days maybe If you're, if you're late, how many Helicopters are up at once trying to hover 20? My god, it's insane. You could go there. That has to look hilarious. E every stage field has a set of bleachers, right? And people, locals would just pull up, there was no fences. You just pull up, get on the bleacher, you know, your hot cocoa, whatever, depending the time of year and ice tea and just watch the students, you know, going nuts. And then what happens though with the traffic pattern and stuff is you start including emergency procedures.


Now these are like in the Huey, you know, hydraulics out. So the aircraft's very difficult to fly, and you have to kinda run it on to land. You have tail rotor malfunctions where you have to control the yaw of the aircraft as you're coming in. As you change power, you have to adjust the throttle to keep the nose straight as you touch down auto rotations, right? So it's a single engine aircraft, the Huey, so the Instructor will roll the throttle off on you, you're just flying along, you know, and he rolls the throttle off to idle and you no longer have lift, right? So now you lower the collective, takes all the pitch outta the blades and you descend like a rock, right?


But the rotors are still spinning, right? And you have to keep the rotor RPM between 97 and 101%. In order to do that, you, you play with the collective, which changes the pitch in the blades. So the more pitch you put in, the more drag you get, right? But you want to keep it, you know, at a hundred percent. Because when you get to the bottom, the last like 75 feet you flare. Now you pull in the power, you put the pitch in the blades, and you are using one chance to cushion that baby on, and we call 'em crash bangs, right? You're doing that all day long, right? And then eventually they deem you safe enough to solo, right? So back in the, in the th 55, you really did solo. It was just you, now you're going out with your stick buddy and he ain't been saving you, right?


So you're still solo, but you have somebody you know next to you in case you die, he'll go with you. But yeah, so you, you, you solo, you do a couple of traffic patterns, I think it's five traffic patterns by yourself. And the Instructor, you know, gets back in and you're like, All right, you soloed. The last guy, a solo of the class is like, you know, it's, there was a name for it, I can't remember, but you, you had to ride, we had the ceremony, it was like pictures of beer and everybody lined the, in front of the building at the barracks, you know, and it, it looked like a stage field. The, the markings were like, you know, painted on just as if it were stage field. And that guy would ride a thing called the solo cycle. So it was a bicycle that somebody had engineered, you know, it had rotor blades.


And when you drove it, you know, when you pedaled, the blades spun, right? And you had, oh man, do you picture you had to ride this bicycle? I don't have a picture of that anymore. Oh man, that did awesome. Did. But, and then you get your solo Wings, which is like these cloth Wings that get sewn on your hat and each class has a color and back then they don't do it anymore. But each class had a baseball cap and we were royal blue and you had that sewn on, so you could see who, you know, was a real pilot now sort of, you know, within the context of flight school. Nice. And So, yeah, so then you move on from that, you move up, you take your final check ride in primary and you move on to advanced skills, which is Charlie company.


And there, this was a lot of fun actually. Now you're doing terrain flight navigation, you know, you got a handheld map, right? And this is where you, I call it the bus driver move, right? Where you're trying to make the map meet the terrain because you get lost and it's like, oh, there's a stream over there. No wait, that's the stream. And you move, you know, so it's like a guy driving a big bus, you know? And so you learn to do that and fly and that's a lot of fun actually. And you finish that up with a great big exercise where like the cobras come in and the Hueys, and it's a big, they called it an AV tac. I don't remember what that stood for, but it was a big, big event. It was really cool. And then you moved into nights.


What's the, I mean, what's the, what's the field exercise? What's the It Was like we, we all flew out to a, an assembly area, right? And we went in and got a briefing from, you know, the cadre plan, the mission. So it was, you know, 20 Hueys flying in one big ass formation, like something out of apocalypse now, you know, and the cobras would roll in and do the gun runs and the H 50 eights would do, you know, call in the spot reports, all that stuff. And we would all do this. And we're a bunch of, we're not even w ones yet. We're still walks, we're officer candidates, you know, and the instructors are obviously having fun 'cause they're showing off, you know, their students can do this and that.


And it was, it was a lot of fun. You know, I don't think they'd do that anymore. It's, it's probably very risky when you think about what they were doing, you know, all these aircraft in one little area, synchronized, I mean this is, this is advanced stuff. Yeah. And they allowed us to do that. How far in to training is that? That's several months in. That's, that's gotta be, you know, five, six months in. Okay. And, and then, because when you finish that, now you move to night and when you go to night, you do all the same stuff. You do stage field, right? Traffic patterns, you do auto rotations, emergency procedures, all that stuff with goggles. And when I was in there, we had, the army had just transitioned from what they call full phase fives, right?


So Avis fives or PVS fives, whatever they were. And they, they used to be like a, are you Talking about the mono? No, no. These are, they're, they're binoculars, but they are like a, a, a rectangle. Oh, These are like the thing that the eyeglass doctor, you Put 'em on your face, right? Like a diving mask. Think of a diving mask where it's just got toilet paper tubes sticking out of it. Right. And everything else is black. That's what they started with. And, And I got there, somebody in the army had figured out that if you took a, a saw, you know, and you cut one half of the MVG away, the plastic housing turned it upside down. You could stick the lip of it without the foam up into your helmet with a, with a, with a visor is, and then with surgical tubing, you wrap the surgical tubing around and Velcro and you suck this thing to your head, right?


And you had to have a weight bag. 'cause you know it's way out here like this. And you had to, when you did it on a rotation, when you, when you drop the power, the, the engines split off like the rotor and the engine split the needles. But if it doesn't, you're going to fall outta the sky. So you have to make sure it happens. 'cause sometimes it doesn't. Right. And so, wait, what do you mean? So there's two big needles, right? There's a rot, big needles, needles like gauges. Okay. Right? And, and so one of 'em is the rotor and one of 'em is the engine, right? Okay. So whenever you pull or reduce power, they should work together, right? So that means the engine is driving the rotors, which is good.


But if for some reason there's a clutch, it's called a SRA clutch, it's a one-way clutch. And if the engine rolls off, it's supposed to FreeWheel allowing the rotors to spin. If so you should have a split in the needle. So if you drop the power roll the throttles off, it should split, right? But if you don't get a split, that means you've got a, a clutch failure and you've gotta recover because you're not gonna survive if you don't do something about it. So you've gotta focus one tube inside at the instruments while the other one's outside and determine that, okay, that's good, then you can focus it back out and then finish the maneuver. It was insane, right? And the army at the time was going, we own the night.


Eh, we learned, we kind of were renting it, you know, we don't really own it yet, but like there was no MVG lighting in the cockpit, like it was red lighting. And so you had to turn off all the lights. So what we did is we had these little tiny chem lights, right? They looked like maybe an inch, inch and a half long. You'd break those and you'd tape them into place over key instruments. And you had what was called blind cockpit drill. So every switch in the cockpit you had to be able to find without looking at it because you've got these things on your face. And so you do that and then you go do terrain flight that way and train flight navigation. And so you're doing this, this whole progression. And what's interesting is the, the students from my timeframe were kinda like the first ones to do this.


Not literally the first, but you know, that first year. And so when you get to your unit, all the old guys don't wanna do it. Like they're qualified to do it, but they're not proficient at it and they don't want to do it. Right. And that's the whole story I'll get into with Desert Shield, desert storm. But, so that's how flight school kind of goes. And when you finish up nights, and we used to fly unaided nights as well, they call it Nighthawk. So we'd, you'd fly at, you know, whatever a safe altitude was, 300 feet, something like that. You knew where the, how tall the tallest obstacle was. And you flew at least 200 feet higher than that. And you'd fly around. And this is what the guys in Vietnam used to do. You know, you'd fly in the dark without being able to see you'd get to your, your fix or a, you know, maybe, you know, a sandy would put a rocket down for you and you know, ah, that's the lz, right?


And you go in there with a white search light on and it can be tough, you know? And we did stuff without the search light. And they'd have chem lights, you know, in the, in the LZ or maybe strobe lights or something like that. And as you came in on your approach, if you got any kind of blinking that meant there was foliage between you and the, and the object and you would hold off on the descent and until you could see it again. And you go in and it's funny 'cause that's kind of a lost art now with everybody being so used to goggles. Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. And that finishes up flight School. What, what, what did you find to be the most challenging portion of flight school Night vision Hovering.


Because you had to maintain a three foot hover. And you did that. You didn't have a radar altimeter. Right. That took a digital readout in the cockpit. You looked out through the chin bubble to the side door. And if you saw an individual blades of grass, like it would be sort of fuzzy, which meant you were higher than three feet and you wanted to get down just enough so the individual blades of grass stood out. And that's like three feet. But How the, hold on. Yeah. How the hell do you see individual blades of grass when the rotors Are, oh, they're blowing all over the place. You know? But you can, damn. And but you know, with that being said, this is why flying in the desert is so tough.


'cause there's no texture. Well, I take that back. The NTC National Training Center out of Fort Irwin, California is a different kind of desert. It's not like Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia and Iraq are very, you know, Saudi's got those smooth, beautiful dunes like you see in Lawrence of Arabia and Iraq. It's kind of, you know, flat-ish with some rocks occasionally, but it's not scrubby like the NTC, right? So the army kinda gave itself a, a false sense of security and how well we could fly in the desert, right? Because oh, it's not that hard, right? And then you get over to the Saudi desert, it's like flying in snow, you know, when you come into a hover. 'cause you look out, you can't see individual grains of sand, you know?


So it's interesting. It's tough. Yeah. But I found the hardest part of that was the, they call it the OGE 360 hover. So you get a outer ground effect. So it's about 80 feet, I guess about 60 feet. So you're higher than the trees. It's dark. There's no moon. And you have to do a 360 degree turn, a pedal turn, right? So you, the aircraft will pivot and you gotta start on one heading, end on that heading and be at the exact same altitude when you finish. And you gotta be over the same spot of ground. Right. And the Instructor who's very experienced at this can tell, you know, you can't, you're like, All right, I think I did the good. And say, ah, dude, you drifted 20 feet. So that was tough. Had a hard time with that.


I'll bet. I'll bet. Let's go into, I mean, graduation. So you graduated the number one. Yep, yep. So I've got a, you know, distinguished honor grad. But the army, you know, unlike the Air Force, there's a process for a warrant officer. It's a like a three day process. Like the first thing they want to, they want to emphasize is that you are a soldier. Not that you're a pilot, not that you're an officer, you're a soldier. Right? And then I can't remember what ceremony they did for that, but it was specific to being a soldier. And then like the next day you got pinned your bars, right? And then the next day they did a wing ceremony, you got your Wings.


Right. So it was, they wanted to emphasize you were a soldier, an officer, and a pilot. You know, the rest of us are like, no, we're pilots. But that's what the army wanted us Yeah. To be, you know? Yeah. How did it feel for you? I mean, you'd wanted to fly since what I think you said six years old. Yeah, six, seven. You put your package into enlist as a pilot at age 10. Yeah. And now, now you're graduating honor grad. It was awesome. You know, I mean I loved it. And then I left that, so two weeks later I was in the Chinook transition And I learned how to fly a Chinook. That was six to eight weeks. I mean, how hard is it to learn from, to go from a Huey to a Chinook or, or It wasn't that hard like flying.


So, you know, we joke about the Chinook being the, the double-headed dumpster, right? It was like a dumpster with two palm trees having a fight or a, you know, a Greyhound bus, you know, kind of thing. You know, actually the seals used to call us the black school bus of death, you know, when we're going to the X. But even though the aerodynamics are different, I'm not gonna go into it here 'cause it's fairly complex And I don't think I could explain it at this age, but the control movements that the pilot does are the same. What happens over your head is pure frigging magic. You know, it just, it just does what it does. Right? And so all you're really doing in that six to eight weeks is learning the emergency procedures for the aircraft.


Okay? So you know that you practice, you know, generator failures, engine failures, right? And this has got a, a twin engine, right? So there's two engines and you have to practice with losing an engine. And then there's other malfunctions, you know, high side, low side, you know, things like that that you ha you just have to learn. You proficient at it and you start out with rope memory, right? So you, you memorize the steps in a checklist and when something happens, you, you literally go down the steps and as you get through the course, you start responding to the indications versus, you know, oh, the rotor's low. I know I have to lower the thrust or the collective, you know, the power. And you just, you just learn all that.


And then you do nights there as well. With the chinooks doing external loads, you have to learn how to do sling loads. And it was fun. What's, what's the first thing you noticed maneuverability wise that was different from the Huey to the 47? I can tell you that the 47 is it, it surprised me. And remember I said I didn't want Chinooks. And then when I flew it the first time or two, it was like, hey, this is awesome because it's just as maneuverable. It'll do, it has all the same aerodynamic limitations and it's faster and stronger. You know, we routinely outraged Cobras and Apaches coming back at the end of the day, you know, they'd be like, you know, we'd converge on the corridor that brought us to the, the home stage field.


And you know, we just click the power a little bit and, and we do a thumb and the cycle could move forward and the aircraft to just accelerate, you know, and just leave 'em in the dust, you know? And the Apaches couldn't keep up. Cobras couldn't keep up. And they always thought they were fast, you know, so it was fun. You know, my Instructor like speed up. I'm like, well, they're right. They're kind of in front of us. Nah, speed up. You know, he liked, you know, showing. Very cool. But So were you one of the first 47 pilots in the army? No, one of the first W ones Okay. To fly Chinooks. So How long had they been around W ones Chinooks Chin? Oh, Chinooks.


They, I wanna say 1958 for the Okay. For the A model. And that's what the hundred first Airborne was originally, the 11th airs assault test. Right. And what they had to do is prove the airs assault concept. Air mobility was a feasible concept and they needed the Chinook to make that happen. So in order to move, you know, all these troops around Vietnam, not only do you need the Hueys, but you need, you know, gunship support, which was Hueys that were armed. And then you had to move the artillery and supplies and things like that. So you needed the Chinook, you need the actual capability of the Chinook, which is funny 'cause the, A model, a black hawk today can lift more than an A model Chinook, you know, so you could have, you know, done the hundred first with Black Hawks had they, you know, existed 30 years earlier.


But yeah, so the, the, there was a poster that Boeing put out when the Delta model came out, right? So there's A, B, C, D, there's a F and a G, and it said the silhouette only, the silhouette remains the same, right? So you get that, the double-headed dumpster on the outside, but the engines are beefed up, the transmissions, the drive train, the avionics, you know, so all of the computers and the electronics, you know, just improved with each, each version, you know, so like a D model, which is what I flew in Desert Storm and Desert Shield was about 18 five a copy, 18 million a copy.


And when I flew the G model, which was the last version I flew, those were 62 million a piece. Wow. That's more than a, a fighter jet, you know, like on F 16. Wow. And, and it's because of the, the advanced, the capabilities Is Really all I can say. Do you think that being a flight mechanic helped you with flight school? Oh yeah. Especially because I worked on Huey's. So when my, the reason I had such a high grade point average I think is because when my peers had to study aircraft systems, I already knew 'em. I just had to touch over what, what kind of data they probably wanted for the answers for the test.


And I could study things like aeromed, you know, hypoxia, you know, spatial disorientation, that kind of stuff. Aviation regulations. So I got to study all this stuff. The other guys had to split that time, you know, so it helped a lot. Yeah. What did you say? Spatial what? Spatial disorientation. What Is that? So there are, there are illusions, right? And now you're testing my arrowed, right? Vestibular illusions, which I believe are up in your ear, right? So you can feel like, a lot of times what happens is if an airplane gets in a spin, right? They call it a graveyard spiral. You get in a spin and when you go to pull outta the spin, you turn into it, you feel like you've spun in the other direction because inside your ears are these little hairs, right?


That in your semi-circular canals, that's where your balance comes from. And so sometimes when you have an ear infection, that's why you might lose your balance a little bit. And, and there's those, and then there's visual illusions. Things like, you ever been on a stoplight in your car and you think you're rolling, but it's the guy beside you. Yeah. Backing up or going forward. That's one of the illusions, right? Reverse perspective illusion. And then, you know, over the water is where it's really dangerous. If you don't have a horizon, you know, you get, I can't remember all it, it is like 20 different illusions you can get, but you have to learn them and how to get out of 'em. Like to recognize that you've got it or that somebody else has it, and then, you know, correct for it.


So, Man, so that would scare the shit outta me. So, so they, they put you in these situations where you actually feel the illusion? Yeah. Yeah. They have chair, like a chair, you know, they, I dunno how to describe it. You sit in this chair, you strap in and it's like a gyroscope, and they kinda, okay. They, they, first they get it spinning and you're sitting there, and then they engage it, and the chair goes around, then you spin upside down and all this other stuff, and then they stop you. And you have a set of controls, and you're supposed to move the controls to make some indication, like a, a, maybe a marble or something like that is in this flat, a flat panel. It's like little cables.


I mean, this is very primitive, but it worked. And you'd, you'd have to center the, the, the panel. So the ball, the marble would be in the middle using aircraft controls. And when you first did it, it's just like when you're a kid and you're spinning around and running around and you stop and you're like, whoa. Right. Yeah. It's just like that. And so you have to learn, and there were many times in my career, we might even end up touching on some of those where either me or somebody else got into one of those illusions that it almost killed us, you know? And it did, you know, it did kill some friends, you Know? Oh Man. And it was a conventional unit, a Chinook that was in Afghanistan, had to be in 2002, 2003.


And they were flying daylight, ran into a sandstorm, couldn't see out the window. So they climbed up to what they considered a safe altitude, and they got spatial disorientation, and they literally rolled that aircraft upside down, pulled the blades off, essentially, and fell to their deaths, you know, head first. Holy shit. So it's very dangerous. And it's one of those things that everybody pays very close attention to. Yeah, I can imagine. Do they simulate it in the bird? They try to. It's hard. They do. You know, or in the simulator, you know, they'll put you in situations where, you know, the aircraft gets into an unusual attitude, right? So it's called unusual attitude recovery. So they'll put the aircraft in some weird situation, like it might be in the aircraft.


What they'll do is they'll say, close your eyes, put your arms up like this, put your head down, right? And then the pilot will say what he's not doing, he'll say, I'm turning to the right, and then he'll turn left, and then he'll say, I'm, I'm rolling out. He'll roll a little bit, but not enough. And by the time you're done, open your eyes, you open your eyes, take the patrols, and what you see out the window is not what you had in your mind. Right. Sometimes it makes people puke, you know? It's like, So yeah. You, you have to learn to do that because the basics will kill you. Yeah. You know, You know, we talk about the ground. Let's, let's talk about, I mean, since we're on the subject, let's talk about one of the instances where you've, you've felt the illusion in real world.


So I'm in Afghanistan, been there a couple years, this is probably oh five. And we're at a place called Solarno, right? It's so eastern Afghanistan, and we're coming back from a mission, and it's late, we're exhausted. We'd been putting the, the rangers up in the KG pass and the weather rolled in and it was raining really hard. As we're crossing back over the mountains to get back to Bagram, you know, the rain is just coming down and you can't see out the window. Now we've got a terrain following radar, but the radar has limitations when it comes to rain precipitation, right? If it's too dense, it sees it as an obstacle and tries to climb you over it. Well, a rainstorm might be 60,000 feet, and you're not doing that in a chinook, we'll go to maybe 20, 25 if we're stripped down, but you're not getting, you know, to 60.


So we're flying through the mountain, we got terrain on both sides. Rain comes down like it's not raining when we enter the mountains and then just down it comes, right? And my buddy's flying rich, and he says, Al, I'm getting vertigo. And I'm like, well, you know, suck it up, dude. You know, we, we still got another, you know, 10 minutes here in the mountains, you know, you gotta hang on, right? And he's like, you know, we can barely see the terrain through the, through the bottom plexiglass. And I'm like, you gotta just, and we're following, we've got a, what we call the HSD, right? It's a horizontal situation display. So it's like a, a compass row with a, with a course line like you might see in, in Waze, really?


But you get the compass on there and he's like, oh, I can't, I can't do it. You know? And the aircraft starts to veer toward the, toward the, the, the rock wall, right? So I take the controls, right? And I'm like, I have controls. He's like, All right, thanks. And we're flying and the rain is just terrible. And, and now I'm getting the same sensation, right? What's happening is the aircraft, we didn't know this, the aircraft is inducing. There was something, there was a component that was bad. And some of the, this is where these automated systems sometimes can bite you. And the aircraft's trying to put us, it says we're level, but it doesn't feel like we're level and we weren't, you know, And I could see that. So I had differing instrumentation, right?


So we have an old standby, right? Something from 1950s in the center of console, right? And it's, it's saying, I'm gonna turn. And the other thing says, I'm level, so now I gotta figure out which one to follow. And then how do you figure that out? You gotta look at all the other sec secondary instruments. So there's a, there's a, there's a wet compass, you know, and is it moving? You know? 'cause if it, if you're in a turn, it's moving, you know? And you can also look at the, at the, the compass rows itself, if it's moving. And the attitude indicator is different. So you, you gotta look at all what we call your secondary instruments, right? So the primaries, the, the attitude indicator, like that coin I gave you, that's a primary instrument. And all the secondaries just kinda kind of firm or deny what you're seeing, right? And you can fly with just secondary instruments.


It's, it's not fun, but you can do it. So here we are, maybe I'm on the controls maybe a minute and I'm getting ready to throw up. It's like I'm losing my balance. This none, nothing's making, right? We are climbing now because we can't see out the window. So we get all power in, we're climbing at about 3000 foot a minute, which is pretty fast for a helicopter that's heavy. And we did have the benefit of height above terrain. So remember I said that you get the compass rows, you got the course line, and then if there's terrain around you that's at your altitude or above, the screen is red, right? You can see where it is, right? And it was all red in the screen, and we're climbing at 3000 foot a minute.


'cause we're going up the mountain. And I'm like, dude, I can't do it. You gotta take the controls and Rich takes the controls. He's like, I got it. And I got the T controls, and now I'm just trying to, you know, it's like trying to get my, my head straight and, 'cause I know he's not gonna last. And same thing about it, 45 seconds later, He is like, Al, I can't do it. I'm like, come on, you gotta do it. I can't do it. And he's like, get back and forth. So I took the controls. Now, now that red terrain presence I told you about is starting to part from the, the course line, right? So now there's a little bit of black, you know, so that means what's right along the course line is below me, could be a hundred feet, which isn't much, but the terrain's still out my left and right door.


If we, if we don't stay right on the course, we are going to crash. And you know, we, we say that Culo granite, you know, has a hundred percent kill ratio, so you gotta do it. And then, so we pass the controls back and forth for, for, I dunno, five minutes. Yeah. And we popped outta the clouds, like the rain stopped, it was solid clouds over the valley in Es and we pop outta the clouds and now we can see, right? So we can see the mountains off in the distance, and now your brain can re-register what you're doing. You can ignore all of the instrumentation. And so we're like, oh my God, we, we almost died, right? And that kind of thing has happened, you know, a couple of times.


But that's the most, the easiest one to explain, man. And then we get back, and I'm telling the, the maintenance pilot, we'd actually been complaining about that helicopter for a couple of days, a couple of flights saying that it made us feel funny when we flew it, and that we didn't wanna fly it in the clouds. So when it happened, we get back and the, the poor maintenance guy, you know, he's, we're on night schedule, he's on a day schedule. And I'm like, I'm looking for him. He should be up by now, right? We're getting back, sun's coming up and I'm looking for him. And me and Rich are gonna kick his ass, right? We just survived this, right? And he was like, yeah, it's fine. It's fine. And so he did take it out to fly and He is like, oh yeah, there's a problem with, you know, whatever it was, you know, something that was working backwards, essentially one of those little sensors.


And they sent it home. Like they, they got a C 17 that week, brought a new aircraft in, sent that one home, and that kind of stuff. It'll catch ya. You know, there's guys, are you worried About getting shot down? All this is going on too. I mean, it could, it is possible. Yeah. At that stage of the game, I wasn't ever worried about getting shot down. Okay. You know, I mean, we, we'll address why when we, when we talk about Anaconda, but yeah, I wasn't, I mean, I just, this was a good example of why I kind of figured I was going to die on every deployment. Okay? And that's 'cause if the enemy didn't scare me, it was the terrain and weather that did, because we would, you know, the, the problem with Afghanistan in particular, Iraq is so much simpler, but at Afghanistan, there's no weather reporting that's reliable, you know?


And the area is so vast, right? I mean, you got these big mountains, you got the planes, the dunes, and the weather patterns and simple things like temperature can make all the difference whether you have enough power at the top of mountain versus at the bottom, right? Because there's supposed to be a two degree drop off in Celsius for every a thousand feet you go. Except in Afghanistan, it's pretty much the same at 20,000 feet as it is at 10,000 feet. So if you're expecting to have a certain amount of power at the top of the hill, the mountain, it might not be there. And there's, I don't wanna go there. There's a, let's just say there's a, there's a very famous mission where somebody wished away about 15 degrees of Celsius.


And I, I'm not gonna talk about it, but yeah, that's how important, you know, and you know, the funny thing with that is that in training in the nineties, we made the mistake at sea level of teaching the rangers, the seals, the Delta guys. We had a saying, there's always room for one more ranger, right? So if I tell you as a team leader, All right, you can have 25 guys on board and we'll give you, you know, two hours of, of flight, you know, for that. And you go, okay, and then we're just about to take off. And you go, Hey, I got five more guys. Is that okay? Yeah. Put 'em on. And then, you know, guys come running from the other, Hey, we got three more guys. Can we take 'em?


Yeah. Well, Afghanistan, you couldn't do that if you gave a number, you know, that was it. You know? So if somebody said, can you take one more ranger? No, I can't. You know, and if you did, you would not have enough power for whatever was you were gonna do, and you would pay the price. Now that wasn't always fatal, it wasn't always damage to hardware, but you always came home going, damn, I'm not doing that again. You know, and you learn that lesson again and again and again. Damn. Well Al let's, let's take a quick break. Yeah. When we come back, we will get to where he went after Flight School. Sure.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. For some wrapping up in a blanket with a mug of hot chocolate or watching a movie with family is the best way to spend the month of December. Therapy is a great way to bring yourself some comfort that never goes away, even when the seasons change. Therapy from Better Help is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. And it isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give Better Help a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Find Comfort this December with Better Help. Visit better help.com/ss today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/ss.


When I started podcasting, I had no idea how to run an online business or where to get started. I tried several different companies to get my web store up and running, and they were all confusing. Then I found Shopify. Now my online store runs smoother than ever. I love how easy Shopify is to set up. It's flexible, powerful, and helps me grow my business. Shopify is the perfect platform to start small and scale up, upgrade your business, and get the same checkout we use with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash ss. That's all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash ss to upgrade your selling today, Shopify dot com slash ss.


All right, Al, we're back from the break. We just kind of wrapped up your initial flight training. And so where are you going after this? My assignment as a Chinook pilot at that point is Savannah, Georgia going to Hunter Army Airfield, Fort Stewart, Georgia. And so I, I finish up the Chinook Transition Flight school's done. It's behind me. And I take 30 days of leave up in New Hampshire and I'm down to sign in at Hunter Army Airfield. So I get there, I sign in, and then what happens when a new aviator gets to a unit is you undergo what's called a commander's eval and progression, RL progression readiness level.


So you start out as RL three readiness level three. And that means you can only fly with an Instructor and then they say, okay, you're safe, you're good, you're RL two, right? So once you're in RL two level, you can now fly with other pilots in command that aren't instructors and you go, but you're not really qualified to do everything. And then you make RL one readiness level one and you could do everything. 'cause your, your progression is where it's supposed to be. So anyway, I get to the unit, I get my commanders of al, I get RL three, RL two, and then Saddam Hussein invades Kuwait. And very, very shortly we are notified that we're going to deploy.


Now I'm in the 18th Airborne Corps, right? Our headquarters at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. And our battalion headquarters is also there. So there's our sister company, a company, and we're in B Company second of 1 5 9. We're the Hercules guys. It's a pretty cool nickname. And what we ended up doing was we flew all of our aircraft. We had 16 Chinooks in our company. So you had 30 chinooks total in the battalion. And we flew from Savannah to Wilmington, North Carolina to put the aircraft. They're gonna tear 'em down, bubble wrap 'em, you shrink wrap 'em, and they're gonna put 'em on a top of an old ship, right? They didn't even have the old row rows, you know, they roll and roll off.


These are like, you crane it up to the top and it is gonna ride, you know, five miles an hour from, you know, Wilmington to Saudi Arabia. So we fly up there and there's a whole funny story to that. But we, we take a bus back and now it's gonna take a month and a half, I think, for our aircraft to get there. Hmm. So they've gotta finish up my training, right? For me to fly in combat, I've gotta be right as level one, not, or L two. 'cause you're still technically in training. So the one 60th of the third battalion was right next door. And our Instructor pilots knew those Instructor pilots, they were all friends, you know, and they're like, Hey, can we borrow one your helicopters to train up, you know, the woe, which is Warrant Officer Junior, right?


It's kind of a, a back in the day, I think that was a actually considered the rank. Now it's considered a slight to say the woe let the woe do it, you know. But anyway, they took me out in, at the time the third battalion aircraft were kind of enhanced delta models. So they had like some special radios. I think they had a, what's called an obos onboard oxygen generating system or something like that for high altitude. And they had mini guns for defensive arm, and that was it. So that was called a warbird, right? So there's no air refueling, no terrain falling radar, no special aircraft survivability. It's just basically the same thing. I've been flying with a couple more radios.


So I finished my progression, which is kind of poetic in a one 60th aircraft. And then we end up flying across, we went on a Boeing 7 0 7, right? You know, chartered, you know, transworld Air or something like that. And we had to get gas like every two, three hours. So imagine going from Savannah, Georgia up to Newfoundland and across to Europe, and then back in, through Egypt into, you know, Saudi Arabia and stopping every two, three hours. And, and they wouldn't let us off the plane, you know, because they didn't have customs clearance. So we'd get there and whatever country it was, we'd be like, you can't get off the plane.


You know, the, the damn, the toilets were full of, of urine, you know, the stink was ter it was terrible, you know? And, but we got there and that began Operation Desert Shield. How did, I mean, so you went straight from flight school to the unit knowing that you're gonna fly the possibility that you're gonna be pretty Combat pretty close Yeah. Within a couple of weeks. I mean, how did that feel for you? You're getting right what you wanted it? Yeah. Immediately. At least. I think that's what you wanted. Yeah. But you know, what we didn't talk about earlier is, you know, so I grew up in the Cold War, right? And I was, I served in the Cold War, I went to West Germany, I've been to East Germany, east Berlin, right through Checkpoint Charlie.


And I was always scared we'd really go to war with the, the Soviet Union, right? Or the, or Korea, you know, when I was in Korea the first time, and it's hard to describe, but I did not want that. I didn't think, you know, being at war would be a good thing, you know, for me. And so now here we are, I'm very excited to go. But I'm, you know, this is a little different attitude than I had in the one 60th. The one 60th. It was like, I'm taking the fight to you and you are gonna die if you're a bad guy, you know? And at this time it was sort of a transition period. It was like, I'm, I'm making a, a change now from being scared to be in war to, okay, we're in war.


This is All right. It's very p pragmatic, I guess. And I mean, desert Shield was like, I dunno, six months long. So I had some time to really adjust to the idea so that when we did go across the border, you know, it was no big deal. You know? It was, it was, it was very exhilarating, actually. Very exciting. So you did go across the border. Yep. Well, when Desert Storm happened, right? So desert, this is the funny thing, right? It's, it's all in a name. Because we had guys, remember, this is a conventional unit. Some of these guys had been in Vietnam, others hadn't. And there was a couple of guys that were really upset that we were probably gonna take the Chinooks into Iraq.


And they were of the mindset that Chinooks would fly from the port to the Ford line of troops, and that would be it. You wouldn't go past the Ford line of troops. And we were being told, no, no, you're gonna go deep, right? Because they're going to do operating base Cobra, right? 'cause you've gotta have fuel and ammunition and supplies for the cobras and the Apaches and the artillery to do their thing. And so there was, there was two guys that were very, very upset that we were gonna do that. And I remember thinking, dude, you know, what do you want? We're, you know, I want, remember I wanted to do assault. So to me this is like, this is kind of, it is where I wanna be and when, so, so Desert Shield, right?


Remember I said the Army would claim we own the night? Well, there were helicopters ripping their landing gear off on sand dunes because the sand dunes in Saudi Arabia, they kind of, they go up, they, they plateau and they go up again. And in the dark with the goggles, you could see that first top off. And you don't see the setback in the second lip, right? So, and you're traveling 120 miles an hour, by the time you see it, it's too late. You just lost your landing gear, right? And the army lost a couple, and then they, they put some rules into effect. You couldn't fly any lower than 150 feet, you know. And so we did that for that seven months.


And I was moving supplies, tank transmissions, tank treads, I mean, whatever you can fit in the back of a Chinook or Sling we were doing. And we were doing it at night. And the old guys, so there were two W ones in the companies, me and a guy named Tim. And we were, he had got there before me, and he was really sharp. So, you know, I didn't walk into a, a show where they were like, ah, you know, these stupid woes, you know, were going to these junior guys, they're no good. Instead they welcomed me because the other guy who was only a couple classes ahead of me was such a success. So he And I were the guys that prepared all the maps for everybody. You know, did the, you know, some of the basic planning, the nug work, you know, the, the math and the, and the, in the Siping and every night flight, he And I were on them, not together.


We were with other pilots and they put us with an Instructor. We fly at night. And the other old guys, the senior guys, did not wanna fly at night. 'cause you know, we still didn't have all the aircraft with night vision lighting. So you still had to turn off the lights, put the little chem lights around, that kind of stuff. So it, it still was very unpleasant to fly. Now at this point, we've got what's called AM V six, and the goggles are just two binoculars that slipped down in front of your face. They, they hinge up and down, and the crew chief were wearing the ones I talked about earlier, the, the fives, right? And, but I got experience at night, a couple hundred hours flying in the desert that the older guys didn't get.


'cause they didn't want it, right? So when Desert Storm happened, they were the 18th. Airborne Corps was pretty smart. They decided not to do it at night because Cobra, like the initial assault on Cobra or the infill, the, the taking of it, we had, I think a hundred Chinooks involved flights of five. And we were separated by only a couple of minutes. Like, so you'd, you'd be in the, you'd be in the hot refilling pit, and it was the most impressive refilling, hot refilling I've ever seen. The hundred first that it, it was like a mile long, just helicopters, you know, it was all chinooks and then it was Black hawks, and you were plugged in getting gas while you're running.


And then they'd call over the radio. And we were, you know, like, let's say I was in silver flight, right? Silver one through five, maybe like silver one, your grid coordinates are, you didn't care what you were carrying. It was gonna be 18,000 pounds, which is about the max you're gonna carry for this silver two, here's your grid, right? We all had different grids and we'd, we'd pick up, we'd fly over and just hover over the loads that were already set up for us. And the guys were the most aggressive hookup men I've ever seen. I mean, you didn't, you you just got over it. And they like hooked the, it was a tandem load. So a four and a half hook to keep it from spinning. Once everybody's hooked up, off we go at 120 knots up into Afghanistan.


And when you hit a release point, everybody went their separate way to their landing zones. And keep in mind, there's flights in front of you and flights behind you. So as you're coming in, guys are coming out, guys are right behind you. And it's just, it looks like a hornet's nest. And if we had done that at night, we'd have killed You said Afghanistan? I, I meant, I meant Iraq. I meant Iraq. Yeah. So this is that famous, the schwartzkoff, the left hook, you know, this, that was us. So moving all the equipment and the people out out west of Kuwait. Wow. So some of the loads were Humvees internal with a towed 1 0 5 Howitzer.


Yeah. So the gun tube, the gun tube would be up in a cockpit, right? So you had the overhead panel and you had the engine conditional levers that do the, the power on the engines and the, the gun tube was right up inside and wow. It was pretty cool. Yeah. Did you guys, did you guys take any fire or anything like that? No, No, no, no. It was all, I think we caught 'em by surprise. We were out in the middle of nowhere. And, but because of that and all of the lessons learned up until that point, the army decided, All right, we didn't, and maybe we didn't own the night, we just lease it now, you know, we rented it, now we're leasing, lease to own, you know, kind of thing. But what sucked about that mission is remember I said that, you know, me and the other W one were the guys they always sent out with the, the senior guys, the other older guys didn't even fly goggles, didn't even have 'em on board because they thought it was safer to fly without MVGs than with, right.


So, oh wow. So one night, so the surrender has happened, right? I mean, we're a hundred hours in the surrender has happened and we take five Chinooks up into Iraq and we're gonna bring back prisoners, right? Prisoner war. The Iraqis had surrendered in droves. And we go up there, it's daylight, we pick up these prisoners, we're moving back, but we don't have any gas. All the places we were supposed to get gas had already moved, right? So we kept hopping from place to place and there was no gas. And we eventually ran outta gas. Like we had to land in the middle of the desert, each of us with, you know, 40, 50 Iraqi prisoners on, on the back. And I had a 38 with five bullets in it, right?


The hammer was on the empty chamber. 'cause that was what they made us do. We had two M sixties, but those were pointed out. And these guys were all in inside. We didn't have any guards, no, nothing. But these guys luckily were very compliant. It was Just, it was just pilots and prisoners. Two pilots, a flight aur and a crew chief. That's a guy up, front guy in the back. We, we all had 30 eights. Holy shit. Those five bullets shit. Yeah. And so funny thing, so we're coming back before we run outta gas. And the, you could smoke in an army aircraft back then, right? And the crew chief in the back lights up a cigarette and one of the Iraqis is like, you know, gives a signal for, Hey, let me have a smoke, right? So he hands him the cigarette and he puffs it passes the next guy, he passes all the way up to the front of the aircraft and all the way down.


And by the time it gets to him, it's a soggy lump of, you know, paper. Really. And then he, they hand it to him and he looks at it kind of disgusted and they're like, like, you know, have it right? And he's like, sir, they want me to smoke this thing. It's all dripping with drool. And I'm like, well, better keep 'em happy because you know, they could take us easy, right? He's like, All right, fine. So he's like, I'm gonna get hepatitis, you know, he smokes a cigarette and they're all, yay here. And they stayed, they stayed compliant the whole time until, you know, we ran outta gas and an MP unit eventually drove up and took them away, you know, like they found us, took 'em away. And we ended up spending the night in Iraq until a convoy went by and that convoy had fuel trucks in it.


And we waved them down and they put gas in the aircraft. And we didn't have any, our command had no idea where we were, you know, 'cause we hadn't satcom we didn't have radio communications with anybody. We're just in the middle of the desert and we're nowhere near where we should have been. 'cause we'd been hopping around looking for gas. Holy shit. So we, we come back, we get gas, we come back into Saudi Arabia and we, we had to go, we still had some prisoners and we dropped them off and now we're gonna fly back to assembly area palm, which is where we were based outta down the tap line road. And so of the flight of five, three of the crews had MVGs.


So we sent the two without MVGs back first five minute separation. So one takes off, climbs up to 3000 feet, well above any terrain, you know, obstacles. They fly back and they just do the old fashioned. They get there, they spiral down, they land all good, right? Next one goes. And now it's my turn. We're the ne we're the first MVG aircraft to go back. So we're flying at 2 50, 300 feet, got goggles. I'm navigating, and I'm looking at the antennas down the road right there about every five, six miles or so. And I got 'em on my map, right? And I'm looking and I'm like looking out there And I'm like, I see two of the three antennas I should see come, right?


Let's offset a mile. Right? So we kind of came, right, kind of paralleled the course about a mile, right? Of course. Never saw the antenna. I'm like, I don't see the antenna, I don't know where it is, right? Maybe I'm just not navigating right. And we get back to our assembly area, we lay in, next aircraft comes in behind us with goggles. And then the last aircraft with the commander and the chief pilot on board, they have goggles, but they've elected not to wear them because it's easier to fly unaided, they think. Right? This is that mindset back then. They come back at 2 50, 300 feet, they run into an that unli antenna that I, we had all avoided, except they ran right into it and killed all the air crew.


The door gunner was an instrument. And he actually lived, he said the last words were, oh hell, where'd that come from? You know? Damn man. So, you know, a very valuable lesson, you know, learned there, you know, and what an obstacle will do to you, you know, whether it's the ground or an antenna or wires, you know, or the enemy. But damn, that was, so when we got back from that, so that was essentially the end of Desert Shield and Desert Storm. So we redeployed back to Savannah and when the aircraft got there, the army was now going to own the night, right? So everything, we did everything, every exercise, every drill, every practice involved night vision goggles.


So, and, and it, and it helped, I mean, it made a big deal. But because I was a high time goggle guy in the unit, even as a junior pilot, I had 200 hours of MVG time when the, you know, the senior guys had like 25, you know, they got their qualification time and that's it. 'cause they never flew it. And so everything we did, I was on that, you know, mission. And that started my whole trend toward where I would end up, you know, in the one 60th. When did the one 60th kind of pop up on your radar? Well, Because they were next door to us in Savannah, And I said everybody knew each other. Our commander was actually married to a, a warrant officer over there, right?


So when we were in Saudi Arabia during Desert Shield, they would come visit, you know, they'd fly down for official purposes, but they'd have the time to do, you know, a conjugal visit or something like that, I guess. And so I kind of knew 'em already. I'd listened to the war stories, what they were doing. Oh, they, they were going up into Iraq, you know, while we were still doing the, the Saudi stuff. I said, what's it like in Iraq? You know? And I said, oh, it's dark, you know, okay, a little more than that buddy. But, so I already kind of knew about that. But that other w one that I talked about, Tim, he had assessed like, we got back, he's like, you know what? I wanna go to the one 60th. So he put in his packet, he assessed, and for whatever reason he was not selected.


I considered him a better pilot than me. And I figured, well crap, if they're not gonna take him, there's no way they're taking me. Right? He's way better than me. And once again, that's very subjective. And later in on in life, having given the selection evaluations, I understand there's a lot involved. There's not just how good a pilot you are. But, so anyway, that's the start of it. And then I get signed. Can You can, before we go any farther, can you give us a little history into the one 60th? Yeah. So the, in Iran, the, the s Shah of Iran is in charge. He leaves, he's pushed out, really, And I can't remember if he was in France or the us but we were supporting him.


And so a group of student protestors protest out, protested outside the US Embassy in Tehran and they ended up taking it. Right. Now they, from my understanding, they've done something like that before, but then they gave it back. In this case, they didn't give it back, right? So we had American hostages, Marines embassy personnel kept for, it was like 354 days or something like that. But, so there they are. And then President Carter at the time, you know, they, the military options were very few, right? JS O didn't exist. All the special operations community had started disbanded after Vietnam.


And Charlie Beckwith had just essentially stood up Delta force, right? But they needed, so they were gonna send Delta force in to rescue the American hostages. The problem was they gotta get there. How are they gonna get there? Helicopters, All right, well, what do we want to use to get there, Chinooks? The problem is you're getting by a Navy ship, right? Chinooks do not fold up handily like a Navy aircraft will, right? So they were afraid OPSEC was a big concern. This is Operation Eagle Claw, right? So they don't wanna put Chinooks on top of a ship. 'cause that'll raise questions, you know, why are there chinooks on top of an aircraft carrier?


You know, that's not normal. So instead they decided to use CH 50 threes and they wanted to use the mine sweepers, which were flown by Navy pilots. And they figured flying off a ship was the hardest part of the mission, right? Which in hindsight, that's the easiest part. But so they, they do these rehearsals with, with Delta, and back then they didn't have this like one location where they did rehearsals. And we sit face to face and we say, you know, Sean, I don't like how you did this. Well all, I don't like how you did this. All right, let's adjust. It was all done. You're probably old enough to remember the, the teletype format.


Like you get, like, if you ever get like a, a ship's position, the overhead message all comes like in a teletype. You know, that's how they did their ars. The after action reviews, right? It was through teletype. So there wasn't really plain English. It was kinda like, you know, pilots sucked, you know, but you can't really explain why, right? Yeah. So these guys are flying into the dust with night vision goggles and it's super dark and there's no reference, right? And there's no, like looking at blades of grass. So they came up with this, it's called a pink light, an infrared filter on top of a, a search light. So you extend your light out, it's a white light with a piece of, basically a piece of brown waxed paper over it, you know, held on with a little frame.


And the problem was you can only see that light. So it's like, like you see with an AC one 30 when they get the burn on, right? You can only see it with ign night vision goggles. The problem is, if you leave it on too long, it will burn through and it will now be a white light, right? So you, you learn to use it very sparingly, which is funny 'cause years later we were still like, turn the light on, turn it back off even though it was a, you know, a glass thing. But the Delta guys were unhappy with the pilots. They crashed every single time, you know, I mean, controlled crash. And so they wanted new pilots. So now they're like, All right, who else can fly a Navy aircraft? And the primary thing is landing in the dust, the Marines, because the marines do the ship to beach, right?


The Navy guys do ship to ship, essentially they're no better because they have no experience and they have the same limitations. So they want to change the pilots again, but it's go time, right? So they gotta go what they got, right? So they, they execute, they fly the, the Delta guys in on one thirties, they land at desert one, right? Designated desert landing area. And those one thirties are gonna transfer the Delta operators to the helicopters when they get there, right? 'cause the helicopters couldn't carry 'em that far and do the gas. So they came on the one 30. So they'll do that, they'll get gas, they'll take the operators, they'll go to Desert two, spend the day and then do the mission, right?


That's the plan. Eight helicopters take off, encounter a, a sandstorm that's like 4,000 feet high you can't see in it. So they separate, right? So they, now they're like, All right, you know, they're five minutes apart so they don't run into each other. I think a couple of 'em turned around from maintenance problems related to the dust. And the min force for the mission, I think was six. And they showed up was six except one was broken. They were down to five, or it may have been five and four, I can't remember. It's irrelevant.


So they abort. We don't have enough helicopters to get them there. We have to abort. So the helicopters are gonna go back to the ship. The Delta operator's gonna get back on the one thirties, they're gonna go back, they're gonna reset, they'll try again another night. The problem is, because they can't see the helicopter pilots, you have, you've been to a, an airport on a jet airliner. You come into the gate and you get the guys with the colored wands, you know, the light wands and they're like, you know, doing this kind of thing for the, the pilots to see, to direct them into the, the parking. Yeah. You do it with helicopters, right? You, you, you, you get the wands and you kinda like come up to a hover stationary, you know, come left, come right go. That kind of thing. You see that on ships all the time.


So the guy that's doing that, so the helicopters crank up, they pick up to a hover, the guy with the wands is bringing them up and tells 'em to go. And then he walks toward the aircraft and as I'm told, he put the wands in his pocket and they were still on. The only thing the pilots can see is the wands, the lighted wands. And, and they follow them. And the guy walked right into the C one 30 and the helicopter followed him right into it impacted the C one 30 full of, I dunno, 5,000 gallons of gas. And a bunch of Delta operators that were kind of just hanging out. Aircraft explodes, helicopter explodes, it's mayhem.


They all load up on the, the remaining one thirties and they, they head back utter failure, national embarrassment. And so JSO is born, right? Because the problem that they found was that because there was no mutual, not mutual habitual relationship between the air crews, the one thirties, you know, the ships and the operators, you had all these problems. And so they created a unit task force one 60 out of task force 1, 5 8 and some other things. So it was a National Guard unit with oh six's helicopters from the hundred first Chinooks and, and Huey's initially then Blackhawks.


And they plan to do Operation Honey Badger, which was the second rescue attempt, right? So they're ready to do it. President Reagan gets in office, the Iranians release the hostages. No more mission for the JSO operators. General Meyer, I believe it was, was the chief of staff or maybe the chairman. And he said, you know what, you keep that unit together. So JS o formed the one, 60th became the one 60th. So ag, special Operations aviation group. And they stuck together.


And then you had this habitual relationship that lasts today. And you know, we can do things now that they never dreamed, you know, that could be done. But that's really where the one 60th came from. And then, you know, as it grew out of the group, it became, it became a regiment. And like when I got there, there were only 300 guys in the regiment. There's like 4,000 now. Wow. Really? 'cause you have three battalions and then some special mission units, just, it's big. So when someone goes, Hey, oh, you were the one 60. Do you know, you know Billbo, Baggins? I'm like, what does he fly? I don't know. Okay, so what kind of birds do the, they fly on the one 60th.


So all three battalions, I take that back. All three locations. Fort Lewis, Washington or JBLM. Now Joint base Lewis McCord, they have Chinooks and Black Hawks. Savannah, Georgia has Chinooks and Black Hawks. And then Campbell is the anomaly. It's got Chinooks and Black Hawks, but it also has little birds, which have two variants, right? It's a OH six has an armed version and a assault version. So the MHS modified age attack. And then the Black Hawks have a assault version and a what's called a dap, direct Action penetrator. So it's an armed Black Hawks, got a 30 millimeter chain gun, you know, it can carry hell, fires, rockets, mini guns, sometimes all at the same time.


Other times they have to make selections, you know, based on weight, you know, what they're gonna carry. I have beautiful stories about DAPs, we'll probably touch on them a little bit. But that's the, that's the regiment. Very cool. Wow. Thank you for that history. So, All right, so back to, what do you call it? Selection? Assessment. Assessment. Yeah. So, so your buddy Tim, he doesn't make it. Yeah. And now you're thinking, well, if he can't make it, I'm not gonna make, I'm Not gonna make it. So I get assigned to Korea for my second tour. And while there, because I had a lot of night vision goggle time, because the old guys didn't wanna, it's, it, it's like incremental, right?


It just builds on each other. And so I get there And I end up as a night vision goggle trainer and no fly line trainer. So you had to fly the border between North and South Korea to learn all the corridors and all the, the landmarks that if you were operating in the, in the, what they call the, the tax zone Papa 5 1 8, that if you were approaching the border, you could recognize geographic features and turn around, right? So like after I left that next year, a an OH 58 straight across was shot down. They killed one of the pilots. They held the other guy Bobby Hall for, I dunno, a couple weeks or, or, or months, I can't really remember. And then they let him go after they, you know, thoroughly embarrassed him and, and us, right?


So that's the importance of the job is, is that, and because I did that And I showed like some of the senior guys, like there was a, a CW five that came over. He'd been a Vietnam pilot. He, everybody knew him in the community and the Chinook community. And he flew with me up there. And I was just flying along the, what what's called a corridor up to, you know, where Pam Muja is, you know, that you get the, or you've seen it in the news. It's the, where the peace table is between North and South Korea, right? So you've got this, this piece of property, there's a building on it, half in South Korea, half in North Korea, and there's a table in there. And that's where they sit and they discuss things.


And I would, we would fly people up there, usually dignitaries, but there's very specific rules. And I would, you know, fly him up there. And I was like, All right, you know, stay at or below a hundred feet, you know, consistent with safety, you know, left and right, of course 200 meters, blah, blah, blah. And I talked through it and he's like, who taught you how to, how to talk like that? Right? It's like a, they call it MOI, method of instruction. And I said, I don't know, I read the regulation and came up with it. He's like, you need to be an Instructor. So he actually called some friends at, at DA department of the Army, HRC, if you will, and got me a slot to go to the Instructor pilot course. But I had to go and stay at Fort Rucker and teach at the, at the schoolhouse if I did that.


Which turned out, you know, that's a, it's a whole other story we're definitely gonna get to. So how'd you get into one 60th? All right, so now we're back at Fort Rucker. So I'm a young chief warrant officer too. So Army aviators their Wings, you start out with a set of Wings and then you get a star when you're a senior aviator and you, it's like, you know, I dunno, four or five years and so many hours and they give you a star. So I didn't even have a star yet. So I'm a very junior aviator. And then when you're a master aviator, you got aath around that star, right? So you can look at a, an army warrant officer and see, you know, where is he in his experience level, just based on his Wings.


And so I get there and my first two set of students were great and a lot of fun because they were also, So wait, hold on. You, so you're a junior pilot. Yeah. But they went to put you as an Instructor? Yeah, because of my skill level. So I'm good enough to be an Instructor, just not a senior guy. Now remember now all these old guys are retiring, right? That's why they brought us young guys in is 'cause they had to backfill essentially to, to meet their, you know, requirements. So now what's starting to be in all the key positions is young CW twos and W threes, right? So junior to mid grade warrant officers.


And, and this is where it ties in because, so my first two set of students were great because they were W ones right outta flight school and they listened to me And I had a good time. Then the Alabama National Guard, which was flying CH 54 sky cranes, which is this grasshopper looking thing that they flew in Vietnam and they had that in Birmingham. They retired it and gave them Chinooks. So now they all have to come down and take a Chinook transition. Well these guys all have way more, they're all Vietnam vets. They're all way more experienced in flying than me. And they don't wanna fly chinooks. They don't have a choice, but they act like I personally brought them down, right?


They did not like listening to a snot nose W2 telling them what to do. And it was miserable teaching 'em. So they didn't wanna listen. They did what they had to do to get through. Every flight was misery. Every sitting at the table, you know, we do what we call table talk, talking about emergency procedures and all this aerodynamics. They didn't wanna listen to me And I hated it. And there was a couple of classes of that. And then they went, and then they gimme foreign students. Now foreign students are different in that the ones that come to fly Chinooks, you know, from, you know, the Dutch, the Singapore guys, the Aussies, the Brits, these are not dirt bags. These are not guys that are there.


'cause they don't wanna fly the aircraft. They're there, they're all aerospace engineers in their own military. They're, you know, they were okay to fly with. They were very nice, very polite. They pretended to pay attention to me. They, you know, they, they listened, they made eye contact kind of thing. But I knew I wasn't teaching them anything, right? I mean, they knew far more than me just, just by reading the manual. They, they knew more than I could teach. And that's how, how good these foreign students were. So it was unrewarding And I needed something And I was probably still a little too junior to get away from that assault stuff I wanted to do. And a buddy of mine who I went through the Instructor pilot course came through for another school and He is like, ally, you're miserable.


You know, we're out for a drink or dinner or whatever. And he throws a application packet on the table. He's like, fill that out. You need to come to the one 60th. And I still had that mindset that I wasn't good enough and you didn't fill it out on a laptop or on a computer. 'cause they didn't really exist, you know, in quantity. Back then it was a stubby pencil, you know, number two pencil filling out the application. It was like, you know, half inch thick. And I'd fill it out, you know, a couple pages at a time, you know, a couple days ago in between. And eventually it was done. He's like, oh. So I sent it in to my surprise like two weeks later, like Mr. Mack, we'd like you to come assess like me, really?


Okay, right? So I go up, I assess, I didn't think I did that well. As a matter of fact, I got lost on my navigation route, which everybody does for the most part. You're not passing the flight, just so you know it, they will do something. So you don't fly, you don't, they just, you're not gonna hit your target on time. It's made sure that you're not gonna achieve success. Right? And the reason for that is they want to see how you behave under duress in the cockpit. You know, when all of a sudden you're not where you're supposed to be and you don't know where you are and you know, you've still gotta get to your, you know, unlit target plus or minus 30 seconds. And you have to be within, you know, I think it's plus or minus two minutes at every checkpoint and within a hundred meters of the checkpoint, right?


So I mean, you have to be, so you're gonna be outside the parameters in some sort or fashion. And so when you get under that pressure, how do you do, do you fold or do you do what you gotta do and keep trying, you know? And they can tell 'cause they're gonna teach you how to navigate their way anyway. So they don't care if, if you get lost, you know, but it's how do you behave? And there are guy, I've seen guys melt down and start crying in the cocktail when they got lost. They just knew that it's like, it's like that guy with the grade point average that gave up, you know, before he got, you don't know. I mean, who knows? I might help you out later on and say hey. 'cause sometimes we'll be like, Hey, is that bridge over there? Is that on your map?


Oh, and you kind of recage 'em, you know, but it's all based on how they're behaving. If they're giving up, I'm not gonna help 'em. You know, it's like, All right. Yeah. So, but that's, that's how you start the process is the, well I take that back. The first thing you do is a, a PT test, standard Army PT test with pull-ups, which the army didn't do. And a swim test, which the Army didn't do. The funny thing is, I got there, now, keep in mind the 160th was formed in 1980, right after that, you know, Eagle Claw, right? I'm there, this is 1995. So the unit really is still pretty new. A lot of people don't know much about it. There's still very, you know, cloaked in darkness and secrecy.


So I get there and I'm like, should I wear an Army pt, you know, shorts and shirt, or should I be in civilian, you know, PTs, I mean, it sounds absurd, but it, it went through my mind, right? So I showed up wearing civilians, right? And I'm like, if they don't want me, you know, tough. You know, if they don't want me 'cause of this, you know, screw them. I drive up in the parking lot And I made sure I had my Army PTs in case, in case they're like, Mr. Mack, I thought you were gonna be in your, but they didn't say anything. And then you do your, your PT test. They, they, they don't tell you how you're doing, right? That's all at the end. So they don't count your pushups, so you don't know how many you're doing or your sit ups or any of that stuff.


Your pull-ups. And then you go over to the pool, you know, you put a flight suit on, flight gear helmet, you jump in, you do, I wanna say it's 15 minutes of tread water with just your feet, 15 minutes with just your hands, 15 minutes regular. And then like a minute. Dead man's float, right? And then you do a deep water entry, can't touch the pool, and you gotta swim underwater, a designated amount of distance, and you don't know what that is, right? So I do it, I'm out of breath and I'm comfortable in the pool, but I'm not a strong swimmer, you know, with gear on. I mean, I've never done this. And so I jump in and I'm, I'm trying very easy to swim, And I run outta air And I come up And I get out and I'm like, I don't know if that was far enough, you know?


And the recruiter comes up with a clipboard and he taps it, and he's like, Mr. Mack, did you get to go twice? I was like, did, did I get to go twice? No. He's like, get back in line. So I'm like, obviously I didn't pass, right? So now I get in and instead of trying to take it easy, I'm, I'm pounding it, right? I get my head down, I'm, I'm pounding. I can feel the, the styrofoam on my helmet's dragging me to the surface. And I'm not, as long as you don't take your face outta the water, you can keep going like that. And I'm like, you know what? They're not gonna let me die. Shallow water, blackout, whatever, right? I get down there, I feel a tap on my helmet. I had made it to the end, you know, And I get out.


And that was that. You know. And then you go from there to the psychology. You, you, you take a test, it's like a 600 test and then a 300 question test all psychology. Would you rather pick your nose or pick your buddy's blister? You know, would you rather work on a Friday? Or, you know, weird stuff that doesn't make sense. And then you take a general aviation knowledge test, which nobody can pass because they're asking the parameters of specific air, air defense systems. You know, the essay seven radar system, you know, has a minimum engagement range of what out to what distance and stuff like that. And that's the kind of stuff, if you're going into a theater that has it, you bone up on it, but there's too many systems around the world to, to know everything.


Like, to that extent, right? Yeah. So you have rules of thumb. If you didn't know, like if, if the, if the, if the, what we call the raw gear, if it shows up, you know, SA eight, but you didn't expect them to have sa eights, it still might be a Rolland or something on, these are defense systems, right? So they all have different distances and parameters. But anyway, you take this test and they're gonna use this against you later on. Oh, you only scored a, you know, a, a 30 on the general aviation knowledge test and you consider yourself a pilot, you know, but you do that and you get your, your mission, which is your navigation route. You brief it, you fly it, you come back, and then the next day you do your board, right?


So you're in your dress uniform, you sit in front of a panel of officers. This is the navigation route that everybody fails. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So now, I mean, even if you make your target on time, you will have been out of parameter somewhere. Okay? So, you know, they're like, ah, you, you failed. And some people, when they get told they failed, even though they made it to the target on time, they get mad. Right? And so the goal of the panel is to, well, let's put it this way. First of all, there's guys that get to get that far. And we know we don't want you 'cause you're just a jerk, right? And we know you won't fit in. You know, you were good enough to get this far, but you're, you don't fit the profile and you're a jerk.


We're gonna put you through hell on that board and then not take you, right? Those are the guys that go out and bad mouth us in the regular army. Oh, those guys are jerks. You know, then you get the guys who we know we don't want you, but you're a sincere person. You come in, you're in there 20, 30 minutes max, and we let you down easy. And we put you out. Maybe even give you some guidance to come back, right? But we take it easy on you. Those guys typically treat us nice, you know, in the gossip world. Then you get the guys, the majority of 'em that it's, Hmm, yes, no, maybe we don't know. Let's see how this guy handles pressure, right? So now you gotta handle critique, right?


I mean, you know what it's like in the, in the teams, right? I mean, you guys, I, we do not, you know, take it easy on each other. You gotta have some thin or some thick skin, right? You got a can of thick skin and you spray it on, you know, I, I think the worst is pure critiques. Yeah. Yeah. Do you guys have those? We did 'em in flight school, but we didn't have to do, yeah, we didn't have to do 'em in the, in the regular unit. But, so, you know, the, the Instructor will tell you what you did wrong, maybe even tell you what you did, right? But you know, it's criticism, Hey, you did this wrong, you did this wrong, and in the end you did not meet the standard, you failed the flight. Okay? Then the recruiter says, All right, pt, you know, physical training, you know, you did this many pushups, this many sit ups, this many run.


And like in my case, they're like, you did way more, you scored way higher than the one you submitted. Why is that? I mean, I don't know. I, maybe I tried harder wrong words right now. Like, oh, so you don't try hard at your unit? Like, you know, I dunno what to tell you. I, I didn't know, right? So I just tried as hard as I could, but you should be trying as hard as you can all the time. Yeah. Point taken, right? And I just, instead of getting upset, just point taken. Got it, I'll do that. Thank you for that professional, you know, critique. And then they start asking you, you know, why, why you scored so low in the general aviation tests. You know, why do you think you should be A Night Stalker? You know, questions like that family situation. And in my case, you know, as I talk about my book, my wife had had a suicide attempt when I was in Korea.


And I thought, you know, that was all kind of resolved, but I thought that would stop me from getting in. So, And I told the, the psychologist about it, you know, they knew there was no se I didn't want any secrets here. And I thought, you know, that's gonna torpedo me. They're gonna, they're gonna treat me nice and they're gonna let me go. They thought they were being mean to me. You know, the, the asking questions that should make me upset. And all I could think of every time they asked me a question that they thought would make me upset is they didn't ask about my wife. They didn't ask about my family situation. And for me, the it, the board, the hardest part was the anticipation that they would ask that question and then kicked me out. And they never did. And they accepted me.


And Did they accept you right there? They kick you outta the room. They deliberate, you know, five, 10 minutes, which I've been on the other end of that, you know, in the first two minutes they've decided. And then the rest 15, they're making you sweat and you come back in and they're like, welcome to the one 60th, Mr. Mack. And then like, you know, we'll see you in about a year, right? Because I gotta go back to my unit. And that's the agreement we had with the Army is they wouldn't poach skills without giving you a heads up. And then the psychiatrist took me out and he's like, All right, look, I know you were probably worried about the family situation. We see it all the time, we can handle it. Sounds like you got it under control, you know, we'll work with you on this and if you have problem. Oh Shit.


So they knew the whole time. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Damn. Yeah. And they, they just never brought it up. So they probably would've used that if They didn't want me to, to drop you. Yeah. They didn't drop me like that. You know, if interesting. If it was gonna be a problem. So then I get back to my unit. Hold on, hold on. Yeah. How many people, how many aviators are trying out for this? I mean, it varies. In my assessment week, there were probably, you know, 20 guys, you know, How many are there today? Depends. It just depends. Because You said when you went in, there was about 300 aviators, correct? Oh, right, right. There's about three now. There's five 30. Five 35,000, 3,500.


Yeah, about 4,000 depending. So what's the, let me ask this. What's the, what's the attrition rate? It's not, it's usually done in the pre-selection. So at that time it was roughly 25% of the people that applied just were rejected outright. You never got to Fort Campbell. Then when you got there, it was probably about 10, 15% didn't make it. You know, so most of the guys that get there make it, but you're not just there for schnucks you for the little birds and the Blackhawks. So you got this whole potpourri of, of aviators there. So you know, the, they weed out really the guys.


And Is everybody flying their specified aircraft or are you all No. Are you all flying some? No. So something that, so when you get there, and this has changed by the way, so when I got there, because I was a Chinook pilot, I did my, all my training flights in a Chinook. I did my navigation flight in a Chinook. And a couple of years later, actually I was in Sears school when one of our aircraft was out doing an, an assessment, just like what I just told you. And they encountered weather and we still don't know what happened. It rolled inverted and came outta the sky and they all were damn killed instantly.


Damn. So that pilot was not a Chinook pilot, but everybody considered, I mean, I could take any pilot, put 'em in a Chinook, and as long as there's no emergencies, they're gonna be able to fly it. I can get into Black Hawk and fly it, you know, or anything else. But if something bad happens, I don't know what to do. So anyway, they made a new rule that if you were a Chinook guy, you could do the assessment in the Chinook, you could do what I did. If you were not a Chinook guy, you would do a simulator period with the Instructor and, and sort of like, what I would do is see if guys could learn the aircraft.


Like, so it's a glass cockpit, these little TV screens, buttons all over the place. And that's how you, you see what's going on and then you fly it And I would say, okay, do this, do this. Here's a hover page, do this. And I would see if they could mimic what I asked them to do. If they did. I kind of view it as this guy is trainable. I can train him. If you get a guy that can't remember, you know what button to do, he's not trainable probably. Right? And so, you know, he's, for us to take him, he's gonna need some other things. But anyway, they took all the other guys that came from other airframes, you know, let's say you had a Cobra guy, 'cause they were still flying at the time. A couple of my best friends in the one 60 are Chinook pilots were Cobra pilots before they got there.


And they fly everything in the little bird. Right? And that's where you do all your navigation training, by the way, in, in, in Green Platoon, which is where they teach you how to navigate brief and, and plan like A Night Stalker. You go out and you fly in a little, you know, little egg shaped thing, you know, and it's being a Chinook guy with a nice big cockpit, you know, you get in that little egg and it's like, you know, your shoulders are up against the guy, you know, the doors are off. So you have to put your map under your leg and it's, it's unpleasant to fly that thing. You didn't like flying the little birds. Yeah, no shit. That was a pain in the ass. Yeah. But What is the most, what is the, what do you think the most, what do, what do most guys want to fly at one 60th?


It depends what they did first, right? So if they're already a Chinook guy, they wanna fly Chinooks. If they're a ranger, they wanna fly Chinooks. If they did something else or they're already a Black Hawk guy, you know. What do you mean? If they're a ranger, I can tell you that a high, Like an 82nd, Like a US Army Ranger. I'm, I'm sorry, 75th guy. Yeah. Yep. So 75th guy, just wait a minute on, here's What they do. So you get all these rangers, right? We do a lot of work with 'em and they usually end up in the chinooks because of the quantity of people they reach the rank E five, E six, their knees are aching, they want to be a pilot, they put in for it, they get accepted.


And then they might go to a regular unit first do two, three years, then come to us. Or if you have a background, like, you know, we had some seals, we had some Delta guys, a lot of Delta guys, you know, a good friend of mine, Mike Rutledge, I dunno if you know him. He was at E seven teaching at Bud s when the towers came down, transferred over the Army, put him for the one 60th. And because of his background, we took him as a, as a W one. So as a very, very junior Chinook pilot. So


We all know a good night's sleep is essential to our overall health and wellness. I mean, if you're exhausted from lack of sleep, you're not good for anybody. You can't concentrate, you don't have the energy you need to get through the day. That's where Helix sleep comes in. Helix is the award-winning mattress brand. And it is recommended by many for improving sleep. Better sleep means an overall better quality of life. I've had my Helix for years now. It's been a game changer for me. I have less pain, I feel more rested, And I have more energy throughout the day thanks to my Helix mattress. Helix really has been amazing for me. Helix has every kind of firmness or height mattress for every kind of sleeping comfort. And right now get 20% off plus two free pillows for all our mattress orders. When you order at Helix sleep.com/ss, that's Helix sleep.com/ss S for 20% off and two free pillows for all mattress orders.


I'll tell you that. Hold on, hold on, hold on. So sorry. Yeah. Yeah. So, so you guys, so the one 60th will take basically ground operators and turn them into aviators? Yeah, Very few. Without, without any aviation. I, No, very, very few very select. So typically a guy would, let's say he's a ranger, an army ranger, he's E five. He goes to his first unit like I did in Savannah, Georgia. Right? And, and they'll try to get somewhere like, you know, Fort Campbell so they can be in the hundred first, they're just across the ramp from us. And then when their time comes up, I get two years, three years. When they think they've got enough experience, they'll submit a packet. If they get accepted, they come over.


And I can tell you there's a high number of army range, former army rangers that are fly chinooks on the one 60th and a lot of that. And you can't take a lot of them at one time. Right? You can take one of these junior guys, like we, we said we could take two a year, you know, and be able to task force babies. We call 'em. And we can bring How, how, how do they, how do they get through assessment? They just do, you know, they, they're good enough, you know, they're gonna fail the, the navigation flight anyway. Do good in the PT test, the, you know, psych psych assessment they did well to, oh, okay. If you can make, hold on. If you can make E seven in the seals, you know, or in Delta, Yeah, You've got some, we have your evaluation reports and all, you know, you have a history that we can look at and go, okay, So these guys have had some flight.


They might not, they've obviously gone to Flight school. They might not, some guys have, well yeah, they've gone to flight school, but you can take two a year of guys that were, you know, like I said, you know, Mike was a, an E seven in the seals, you know, and a couple of rangers you take 'em in and then you teach them from the ground up how to be A Night Stalker. We call 'em task force babies. And it turns out good 'cause you get plenty of other guys. You know, I was pure pilot, you know, so I don't have, you know, the ground guy experience, which when I got shot down was a, was a thing I worried about. 'cause it's like I could shoot, I'm good with my rifle, but I don't know much about, you know, how somebody might flank me or the ground stuff.


But yet the guys that were former rangers or SF guys had a lot of Green Berets, you know, they knew that kind of stuff. So you always kind of like, if you could have a copilot that was once a, a former action guy, you know? Yeah. It'd be nice. Yeah. So hold on, let me, so these g so, so like Mike Rutledge Yeah. For example, I, I've, I've met him. So he, he went from the SEAL teams to what, a Navy flight school? Nope. And to Army Flight School. So he did an inner service transfer In a regular unit. He, He went straight to flight school, straight to Army Flight school. So, So SEAL teams to straight to Army Flight school.


Yeah. Straight to the, to assessment. Yep. Holy shit. Yeah. And that's pretty cool. Yeah. And you know, it's not common, but it does happen, you know, like I said, we, we kind of determine two guys a year we could handle, you know, and does The, does the unit like that? Yeah. Yep. Because it, it gives you some diversity in, well, understanding the mission. Right. And the idea here is that they understand the ground force mindset. They, you know, if they're arrange, they know what the rangers want, they know what the seals want, they know what the Delta guys want. And not just by what they want. I, I know that, you know, just by working with 'em, but they understand the, the entire mindset and the personalities.


You know, oftentimes, you know, with Mike, for example, I was in, in Afghanistan one time with him and I was already there or I just got there and he rolled in about a week later And I took him with me over to Red Squadron. 'cause he knew we'd actually flown a mission one year where probably 20 of the 30 guys on board were at his wedding when he was a seal. And they took turns coming to the cockpit, you know, it was just a, you know, a reposition them from FOB to fob and they came up and they look in a cockpit and they're like, slap him on the shoulder. He's like, oh, that was my best man. You know, that was my, you know, and it was really cool. So it gave you a little bit of the, the bonafide, you know, that Some good camaraderie.


Yeah, That was good. Yeah. You know, that's some, I know we're getting off topic here a little bit, but that's something, you know, that I've always, ever since drones started coming on, you know, the scene, man, I'm showing my age. But, but you know, it said I always, something that we always worried about was losing that personal connection. Mm. With with whoever's got us up top, you know? And I mean, what do you think about that? It's tough. You know, I mean, think back to, you know, several years ago the original drone operates. So to show my age, you know, the original drones were not armed except for the agency one, right?


So the OGA drone was armed with a hell fire and all the other ISR was unarmed, right? And to be able to talk to them line of sight was a big deal, right? 'cause it was a repeater other than that, 'cause they're back at, I don't know, back in Vegas or something, flying these things. And so when they started arming these things, and we started doing kinetic strikes with these, they were claiming PTSD and a lot of guys were getting mad saying there's no way they could do that. Why are they mad or upset? You know, that they're killing people from a distance. And I remember thinking There were certain times of the first part of the war where in Afghanistan in particular, we did not shoot back.


If somebody shot at us with the intention of using darkness. Like if the mini guns fire, you're going to see for sure where we are. So maybe they don't see us, right? Because night vision goggles weren't as prolific back then. And I remember getting shot at a lot and feeling very vulnerable, right? Because I mean, I've got a, you know, soft armor, I've got a little plate that's about this big, you know, and the air, we took all the armor outta the aircraft in the early days so we could go to the higher elevations 'cause it was too heavy. And then one year must have been, I don't know, late 2002, maybe 2003, I said, screw it. Somebody shoots at me, he's gonna eat lead.


And I instructed the gunners. That's a hostile act. Somebody shoots at us, you kill 'em. And I made a big distinction. You don't engage, you kill them, you engage 'em, they duck their head, you kill 'em, they can't, he's dead. And so I realized at some point I felt better being able to, to defend myself, right? So there's this, like, this equal thing. It's, you know, them against me. You take a shot at me, I'm gonna take a shot back at you. And it's kinda like we both have an equal chance of dying. But the guy flying the drone, it's one way, it's very godlike. You know, you, you are, you have the opportunity to kill somebody and he doesn't have the chance to reciprocate. It's kinda, I view that as maybe that is part of the, that post-traumatic stress is like they feel guilty, you know, that they can't die doing it, you know, but they can kill people.


And I don't know if that's true. That's just how I interpret it, you know? But that personal connection's very important. Like the one 60th now has a drone unit that they didn't have when I was there. And once again, that's to create number one capability, number two, that that personal relationship. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's just meeting you guys before operations and, and, and other pilots. I mean, it just, it creates this personal connection where it's like, I know those guys down there, or I know those guys up there. Yeah, right. They just dropped me off, you know, and it, that was always in our minds, you know, when that, when that when we started working with, with ISR and stuff like that.


Yeah. But anyways, With that, with the, with the, the air breathers, you know, the, the Draco guys, right? The, the U 20 ones or whatever, they were flying C twelves I guess, that had all the, the, the ISR platforms. And they would, you know, do all the collection. They do all the, you know, as you're coming into the target, they give you a sit rep, you know, you got, you know, two sleepers on the roof, you know, three guys laying on the ground, on the, on the green side, you know, whatever. And you'd come in and in the early days they did a terrible job. Like I'd be out in the Kandahar area and we'd go land out in the middle of doing an offset infill and we're gonna land in the middle of this poppy field.


And the ISR comes back with all good, nobody's there. And they're zoomed in on my coordinates where I'm going to land. And I had land and there'd be like guys with guns just standing around, you know, they were guards for the poppy fields. They weren't, they didn't shoot at us, but they were armed. And I remember sitting down with these guys afterwards, the, the, the ISR guys and say, Hey, look, look at your video. I said, when you scaled out and you saw me, did you see the guys with the guns? Well yeah, but they didn't shoot at you. I'm like, but I don't wanna land there if they're there. Right? So we had to teach them what to do. And because they were at Bagram, you know, we'd start meeting with 'em a little more. And once I had that relationship with them, they knew what I wanted.


Yeah. I knew what they wanted, I knew what they needed, you know, and it, it works great. And that, you know, we were talking offline and I'm sure we'll get to it during Red Wings, you know, when I, I planned that whole operation, the fires plan was successful because I sat down with the actual pilots and the, you know, the, the sensor operators, you know, in the AC one 30 and said, here's what I'm trying to accomplish. How can you help me do that? As opposed to me saying, you know, Hey, I want this kind of ordinance here, this here. You know, they know what their stuff does, you know, but that's that relationship that you get. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Where were we back to? We were in the middle of, you just got done with assessment, I believe.


Yeah. Alright. Yeah. So I, so I go back to unit for a year, right. And except when I got there a week later, the battalion commander from Second Battalion, one 60th calls me and He is like, Hey Al, how would you like to come up in six weeks? And I'm like, well sir, I, you guys told my commander it would be like a year. And he goes, yeah, well we need you now. 'cause it takes, you know, eight months to put a guy through the snuck pipeline. Can you do it? So I went and talked to my wife. Now keep in mind, I lived in on post housing at the time, so it was pretty easy to get outta there. But now I gotta get a house up in Campbell.


So I took leave, went up there house hunting for a week and bought a house and, or put a bid on the house, whatever. And I came back And I remember the, the battalion commander at Fort Rucker was pissed and he tried to call in all kinds of markers from generals and stuff that he knew to stop me from leaving. Like, 'cause he couldn't stop it. And I thought for sure He is gonna stop me now. He's mad at me. And the one 60 said, nah, we need 'em. So they just sucked me up there. Six weeks later, I'm in basic skills learning hand to hand, you know, or doing, so that's the part I forgot when you start in the training, you know, it's basic skills. So it's, you know, first aid, hand to hand, you know, CQB kind of stuff.


Shooting. At the time we still had MP fives. We were just transitioning to the M fours like the next year. But because of Mogadishu, you know, they had MP fives and they found out that was insufficient for what we need, right? I mean, it's one thing to clear a room with it, but it's, you know, if you're gonna defend a downed aircraft, you don't want a pistol around. And, but we were still learning on that, which was pretty cool for me. You know, shooting silenced MP fives and you do that and then the enlisted guys at that point go on to log PT and ground navigation stuff like that. And the pilots move on to the, the air navigation stuff. But yeah, so I get up there and we start that and it's a lot of fun.


And I really enjoy, What do you mean the enlisted guys? The, like the crew chiefs. The crew Chiefs. Well, I take that back any night stalker who's not a pilot. Gotcha. So you could be the clerk. No. Be a shooter. So you guys trained together? Yeah, the pilots and the crew tr that's, that's Pretty cool. And same thing with the, I think when it was hand to hand, it was pilots and pilots and list of guys and list of guys. But like, I had a guy he played in the NFL was my, I was the next biggest guy, right? But this guy was like a fricking, you know, He is like a mountain, you know. And so we're doing like, you know, practicing brachial stunts, you know, and so, you know, he's hitting me on the side of the neck, you know, boom.


And I'm like, oh, And I don't go down. And the Instructor comes and goes, hit him harder, said, well, I don't wanna hit him harder. He's like, hit him harder or I will, right? So the guy hits me harder and of course I drop and he goes harder than that. And he's like, if I hit him harder than that, I'm gonna knock his head across the room and he's gonna be seriously hurt. We're not doing it. You know, because there's that whole mentality of, come on, you gotta be tougher. You know, we're Night Stalkers, you know. But this guy, you know, he knew his own strength. This guy Mike was his name. He was actually out at the range. He was that little bird guy, attack guy, barely, I don't know how he fit in the aircraft. And he got out and the rotor blade hit him in the head and it damaged the aircraft and his helmet.


And he walked away going, wow, like Mongo, you know, and oh yeah, plays saddles. I was like, All right, but that was my CQB or not CQB, my hand to hand guy. But yeah. So you do that and then you go down to the dunker, which was in Jacksonville at the time. They have their own now. It's an amazing, so it's like a imagine being in a, in a, in a minivan and they drop you in a pool and you're strapped in and the thing rolls over and sinks and then you've gotta get out, you know, they, they do this training progression first, it's get out any exit, then it's, you have to go out second behind the guy next to you or you have to cross over and they create some, some chaos in there.


Which if you use their training, not a big deal. You know, you just, you wait till the violent motion ceases, you get a reference, you unbuckle yourself. You know, you go out or you jet us in the door, you're still buckled in and then you put your hand outside, release the thing and just pull yourself out. So if you do the training, it all works really well. But when you don't, the guys panic and they, they get stuck inside and the divers have to pull 'em out. Can you talk a little bit about the relationship between the crew chief and the pilots? Yeah. So in the Chinooks in particular, and the Blackhawks are very similar, the relationship with the crew chiefs, you, you get to know 'em quite well because they, you fly a lot together in a Chinook, the minimum crew to fly a Chinook, a regular Chinook is two pilots and a flight engineer.


And so the flight engineer is the senior crew chief in the back, in the one 60th, a minimum crew is two pilots and two, two crew chiefs. A flight engineer and a crew chief is guy in the back. And then when we're in combat, it's four. So you have a crew of six, two pilots, four guys in the back. 'cause you got two guys manning the many guns up front and two guys on the M two forties in the back. And then they have other duties that they do. And, you know, you spend long, long hours together, whether it's training, you know, it could be a cross country flight and flying from Campbell to California, you know, doing air refueling on the way. And you know, it's a eight hour flight without landing.


You're gonna talk and talk and talk and you get to know each other. The other thing is, I always like to say that a good crew chief in the back can compensate for a bad pilot up front. So let's say you're gonna land on a, a spur, a mountain spur, right? With the, with AF gear, you know, doing a little wheelie or, or landed with one wheel or something like that. If the pilot can't see anything, like you are looking down several thousand feet and there's nothing there, there's no reference to know that you're moving a foot or two right. To keep the wheels on the terrain. But the crew chief's looking right at it. And if He is good, he can talk you through doing it.


You know, it's like, oh, what you got? You're, you're, you're starting to slide to the left a couple inches, you know, and you just, you just little subtle movements to the controls and you listen to him. As long as he stays calm, you stay calm. If you get a crew chief who gets kind of wound up really quick, you know, it translates in the voice and then the pilot gets kind of stiff on the controls. 'cause he's essentially follow those instructions. So I like to say a a guy who's up front who maybe isn't as good at doing that kind of maneuver, for example, if the crew chief's good, you know, He is got the right voice, the right technique, he'll keep you right there. And the, the customer or the ground force has no idea that, you know, this guy's having a tough night. 'cause the crew chiefs compensate.


Sometimes a a really good pilot can compensate for a crew chief in the back that isn't as good, you know. But there are limitations, you know, like I said, if you're a thousand feet out over the terrain and you got nothing to look at, all you can do is listen to 'em, you know, or maybe the other pilot can see something. So that relationship is very, very important. How, how long do you guys spend with each other? Well, I mean years, but you know, when we go on the road for training, for example, junior guys, junior pilots will room together, right? If you're a flight lead or a officer in charge, you get your own room. The crew chiefs same thing. If you're a a senior NCO, you'll get your own room.


If not, you'll share. But after flying, we'll spend time together, you know, in the, in the bar or at a picnic table or something. We get to know each other quite well. Is there a, can you talk about a little bit about who's, man, I don't know how to say this, but who's, is it the pilot that's ultimately in charge of the aircraft or is it the crew chief, or how are they? Yeah, so the, so the pilot, you have a pilot in charge, pilot command, right? In the Army. Air Force calls 'em aircraft commander or ac he's in charge of everything about that aircraft.


So you might, I could be the pilot in command as a warrant officer And I could have a colonel in the other seat. I'm in charge, right? He's doing what I tell him to do because that's the way it works. It's different. If he's the air mission commander, he could be the overall air mission commander. And he happens to be in my cockpit. So I'm, now, we're in a little bit of a, a gray area because I'm telling him what to do in the aircraft, but he's maybe telling me what to do in the overall mission, right? So it is a kind of a, a blend there. But where are we going with that?


I said, I went around in the wrong Way. Relationship between, well now not relationship response, basically responsibility. Yeah. Responsibility for the aircraft, right? So when I was a junior pilot, there's a red line on the floor in a Chinook, it's like a station 95 they call it. Right? So every inch of an airframe is assigned a station, you know, one inches station, one or 0 0 1 or something like that, right? And as you go back and that way you can say, you know, I've got a sheet metal crack, it's station three 50, you know, butt line, whatever. And you can, you can tell just by markings on the floor where this crack could be ranked. So with a junior pilot and a senior crew chief, sometimes they'll say, you might mention something about the back and they'll go, sir, you know, you're in front of station 95 just to, you know, keep your business up there, right?


Yeah. Whatever, you know, so there's that relationship where it, it can be, I mean, we're always busting each other's busts, you know? But if you're a guy like me, right? And I had peer, you know, I do a lot of talking about, you know, I did this, I did this, there's always a crew involved. And in many cases, as an aircraft or two or three behind me doing the same thing, right? So you gotta keep that in mind. But the, the responsibility of the aircraft commander, the PIC is absolute, He is responsible for it. So whether he's divided some, some authorities up to the crew chief in the back, you know, it's based on, you know, what's going on, right?


So for example, fast roping, right? So, we'll, you know, the pilot will find the target, he'll come in, he'll start his approach. You get, you know, 50, 60 feet out laterally from it. And He is like, the crew chief in the door will say, you know, target in sight forward 30, you know, and you come in, you start listening to him, they talk in, and then when you get over the target, the, the crew chief and the fries, masters will look down, identify the landing area, kick the ropes, and that guy is pretty much in charge until He is done doing his thing. You know, I'm listening to him, he's like, you know, come left, come right, come up, come down, you know, stop stick, you know, whatever is going on.


And they have a lot of responsibility in the back, you know, and, you know, get the utmost respect for those guys, especially because they got no control of the aircraft, ultimately. Because I do have the ultimate responsibility on what happens and they're going with me wherever I go. I mean, I would imagine that relationship has to be pretty tight Yeah. With a lot of mutual respect. And if there's not, there can be a problem. So when I was in the conventional unit in Savannah, I had a friend, he had a terrible relationship with all the crew chiefs. Like, he just looked down on them, you know, and no matter who talked to him, he just, he treated him like crap and they hated flying with him.


And we were coming back from California one time, we were getting gas and we taxied in and, and the way a Chinook drives on the ground is you got a little steering wheel by your back like this. And one of the wheels has a power steering actuator. And the aircraft will drive like a car right on the ground. And when you come into a parking area at an airport, it, depending on if you're close to airplanes or a hanger, you know, buildings, light poles, that kind of stuff, it's very important for the crew chief to say, sir, we're close to this. Let me dismount. And somebody will get out and they'll look at the rotor tips and make sure you are not gonna hit whatever it is. Right? The crew chief will always suggest that.


I mean, the pilot might say, Hey, this is gonna be tight, can you get out? Crew chief will do it. But in this case, the crew chiefs knew he was too tight, did not offer to get out, and I'll let him drive the aircraft right into a hangar. Right now, everybody was okay. The aircraft was severely damaged, the hangar was damaged, the accident board gets involved, the collateral board, and they find that the pilot had created such an, a toxic relationship with the crew, that they let him damage the aircraft on purpose. And if they didn't make him damage on purpose, they let it happen. And so that's the extreme. And I've never seen that, like in the one 60th.


The one 60th is so professional that, I mean, I really, I do miss it. You know, I don't miss flying so much. I miss the people. You don't miss flying Not in the way you'd think. I mean, every once in a while I'll cross the George Washington Bridge in New York City, and it's the same view I would get when I was flying at West Point and come down the river. And I, on a nice day, I'll kind of be like, I kind of miss flying. What I really miss is the people and the mission. You know, as I like to say, you know, taking a bunch of pipe swingers to a bad guy's front door, that's rewarding. You know, I like doing that. I guess that Not bad. Well bad. Hmm. What's the longest amount of time you've been paired with a, with a crew chief?


A couple of months. Probably eight months. That's it? Yeah. Oh shit. So what'll happen is you'll go into deployment, like say overseas, right? When you're back in the States, you just get who you get, right? Unless you're on a trip, like a, you know, going out to the mountains or something, whatever duration of that trip is. But when you go to combat, you get assigned a pilot, your co-pilot and your crew and an aircraft, an airframe, right? And however that deployment is, it might be a 60 day deployment, it might be a year long deployment your, with that crew and that aircraft the entire time. Okay. Yeah. So you, it's, you know, so the first couple of flights can be rough, you know, as you're feeling each other out. Like, I flew because I was the, what's called an SIP, the standardization Instructor pilot.


So I was essentially the chief pilot for Chinooks in the one 60. Oh. And I would fly with the different battalions, right? Because I had to fly. And the idea was to always be evaluating them to make sure they're holding the standard. You know? So if you're out at, you know, Savannah, are you doing things the same way as you're doing at Campbell? 'cause you better be, that's the standardization program. That way the customer knows he's getting the same support every single time, right? So I would deploy with them as well. And so I go with this third battan crew. We got G Models now, which is the latest version of the aircraft. And we're at a farp, forward arming and refueling point. And we're gonna send Asaba Afghanistan.


We're gonna, we're gonna come in, we're gonna hover up to the point, we're gonna sit down next to it, and they're gonna unplug a hose, plug it into the aircraft while we're running and take gas called hot fuel. So we come in, I'm at a 10 foot hover, and Ucci says, All right, sir, come straight down. I come straight down. He goes, sir, can you move pick it up again? Sure. And I pick it up. He goes, move forward three, move three. He's like, All right, go ahead and set it straight down. So I set it straight down. He's like, sir, can you pick it up again? I'm like, what the hell? He's like, I'm sorry. Everybody always drifts forward when they descend. You actually come straight down. And I'm like, that's what they're supposed to be doing.


But you know, I'm a high, I'm, I am the chief. I am, I should be the best or of the best. I have peers obviously, but I'm good. You know, and these guys had never flown with me before and they were just anticipating that I would drift forward like all the other guys did. And so as time went by, they just compensate, you know, for how I fly. Gotcha. And so maybe I don't come straight down. Maybe I am the drift guy, you know, I drift forward as I come down. They just compensate for that. They just bring you in three feet short, have you come down. They know you're gonna drift in and you land. So there's that relation, that habitual relationship and that, you know, understanding each other's capabilities. Gotcha.


You know, very, very important. Gotcha. All right. Let's get back to training. Yeah. So I don't, where were we, Where were we in training? So we were talking Green Platoon being what Is Green Platoon? Oh, so Green Platoon is where it's the training platoon for the one 60th. Okay. So this is, we have green team and OTC, you know, for the other, other special mission units. Gotcha. And it came about because, so at, at the hundred 60th compound is a wall, a memorial wall with a lot of names on it. And I don't know the number I should most of the early days, 1980s, early eighties.


Those are all training deaths for the most part. Yeah. Because they're developing tactics, techniques and procedures that the army later adopted. You know, how to use like air mission, night vision goggles. What are the limitations, when should you, when shouldn't you kind of thing. And those, those names are, are on the wall, you know. And so there was a, there was too many in one year, I can't remember which year it was. And they Congress shut down the unit, right? They're like, you guys are killing people like every week, you know, kind of thing. And they did a blue ribbon panel that evaluated the one 60th and the way it worked.


And they said, you know, the problem is not only are you developing new tactics and techniques, but you're training new guys that are coming into the unit, right? So they said you've got to have a dedicated part of your unit that only does training for the new guys. Or if people are transitioning to equipment, that's what they'll do. And so they created Green Platoon and it was a, you know, a godsend. It really is an amazing, you know, whoever really thought that through, did a good job, you know, way back when. But that's what it's for. Right on. So it's an eight month, It's different for every airframe. It takes eight months to get a Chinook guy through.


Okay? So that's basic skills, you know, hand to hand shooting, that kind of stuff. Basic nav or B nav, that's where you learn to, to fly and navigate in the little bird to do things like a, like A Night Stalker. And then you go to your specific aircraft. So even if you're a Chinook guy and you end up in Chinooks, there's so much expansion of what the aircraft can do because of the additional equipment that's embedded into the airframe. Right. And you have to learn how to use all of that stuff and how to compensate when it doesn't work. So there's, so, okay, so there, so you have totally different aircraft that's specific for one 60th.


Yeah. What would be some of the things that are different between a conventional Yeah. 47 versus a TF one 16. So When I talked earlier about the MH sixes or the MH 47, so army aircraft are designated by what they do, right? Ch CH 47, right? Cargo helicopter model 47 version delta, right? In this case it's modified helicopter 47, you know, echo at that time. And some of the equipment that's different, well, big differences is the, the fuel tanks on, on the special ops version, the MH is twice the capacity.


So instead of a thousand gallons, you're carrying 2000 gallons. There's internal fuel tanks that can fit inside that are crashworthy and ballistically tolerant. There is an air refueling probe that sticks out the front. Think if you look in the, on the front of my book there, you get this big pipe that sticks out the front. You can fly up behind a air force C one 30, they drag a hose out the back while you're flying and it's got this donut shaped parachute that you plug into and get gas in the air. So you have to learn all that. The crew chiefs have to learn gunnery. So you got these MM 1 34 mini guns, 7, 6 2, 6 barrel gatlin gun, ch 4,000 rounds a minute.


They have to learn that how to, how to do it, how to deal with malfunctions. You've got terrain following radar, which is key after nine 11. Without that, we could not have done even half even fraction of what we did in those infills, getting the, you know, the horse soldiers and other Green Bray teams and the s the OGA teams. 'cause every SF team had to be brought in to an OGA team that was there the day before or two days before. So that, that's what all this equipment does. And everything is a TV screen. There's, there's four TV screens in an Echo, and there's five in a, in a golf. And those five are splittable. Like you can, you can divide them up.


So there's really 10 displays and you have to learn how to use those and when to use them. Flying the helicopter itself is pretty much the same. Okay. But using all of the tools of the trade. So you have to learn, number one, make sure you can fly the aircraft, okay. The way we want you to interact with the crew, because you're also training the enlisted crew. Then we go into the special mission tasks like terrain, falling radar. We go to Knoxville, fly in the mountains in the dark, the pilot will flip his MVGs up. So he can't really see out the window, it's no moon out, it's dark. And he's following the, the terrain falling radar cues.


And the other pilot as a safety pilot, if you will, the Instructor has his goggles down. So if, if the guy misinterprets the cues and is gonna fly into something, you know, he can just take the controls. I have controls. And it's just that simple. You just, gotcha, I have the controls. And then you say, what, what's wrong? But you get that every refueling. You gotta teach the guy how to do that. That's how adventure sometimes. And so once they learn to do the aircraft, the equipment, now we have to learn how to utilize it in the environment. And the cool thing with the one 60th is that, that a conventional unit doesn't do is we've got money for TDY, right? So you take the students from Campbell. So we go to Knoxville for the, the train flight.


Then you, you know, wherever the tankers are, you're gonna go there for the air refueling. So sometimes the Air Force or the Marines will send a tanker to us, and sometimes you gotta go to them, which might be Dallas or you know, the Houston area, that kind of stuff. Or you travel somewhere and they'll come, you know, you hit a tanker en route. And then once you've done those things, you go Desert Mountain, we go to Albuquerque. And you, you're out there for like three weeks learning to just land in the dust for real, and then learn how to fly in the mountains. Power management, how to, how to read the wind in the mountains and how to come in from a certain grade. It's like parachute jumping. You have to learn, you know, how to land in a, in a certain way.


And then everything we did before we did it in the aircraft, we did it in the flight simulator, which was very realistic, right? So you would teach them how to do the hover page, right? So there's this, on the little TV screen, there's a little video game you play. There's a, a cross hair in the middle, there's a, a open circle and a line, and you try to keep the open circle over the cross hairs. And if you're moving, that line gets longer in the direction of movement, right? And so you've gotta look at that and interpret it to keep the aircraft in, whatever, let's say a stationary hover. You gotta keep all of those little cues on top of that little cross hair. So you can't see out the window at all.


You're either in the dust and snow, whatever it is. And you, you, you move the, the cyclic stick to keep that where it is like a little, little video game. And then the crew chief might be able to see straight down, right? He might be able to see, not be able to see out, but oftentimes they can see the ground right below you, depending on your altitude. And they, you know, they'll be like, All right sir, you know, you're 10 feet off and you're confirming that up front with the instrumentation. You got it steady and like, you know, come down, you know, and you, you just come down and it can be a challenge, you know, to say the least, to land in the dust All bud. Yeah, all bud. So you graduate. Yep. Obviously. Yep. Yep. So we did that graduate.


When you graduate Green Platoon, you are probably well back during the height of the OEF and O half, you are going to deploy probably in two weeks, maybe less. When did you graduate? What year? So I graduated in 95 and there was nothing going on, right? So it was all training back then, and the training trips. People ask me, you know, what was it like pre nine 11 and the one 60th? Oh, it was great, you know, because everywhere we went was, you know, four, four or five star. You know, you, you go to Colorado to do mountain flying, we're standing in condos, you know, or at least a nice hotel, you know, the double tree, we didn't have any tents, you know, so we were destined one time working with AC one thirties.


We had three aircraft there. Two of 'em flew per night. And we were, we were flying, you know, guys in, they would call for fire and then we'd come pick 'em up, that kind of stuff. And the other crew was really a spare, you know, so we, you have to keep the flight hours within a certain parameter to keep the aircraft flying, right? So it's like an oil change, you know that, well, you know, another a hundred miles, I'm gonna have to do an oil change, except you're gonna have to do it, right? They're gonna make you do it by regulation, right? So you keep track of the oil changes, if you will, and every hour you fly ticks off on this, your oil change, if you will. And so, you know, if you've got one down for the night doing maintenance schedule, what we call scheduled maintenance.


The oil change, the other two can go fly. And if you're not working on it and one of them breaks, that's a spare. You just take it and do your thing. And now we have not affected the ground force in any way. Right. That's a goal. But anyway, we're out to, to show you, this is pre nine 11. So two of us are out flying, the aircraft breaks and they fly back to Herbert Field to, they're done for the night. Right. Ah, we can't fix this tonight. We go back, they hook up, we're in Destin is our hotel is at the Sheridan on the beach, and the person not flying. That crew is responsible for getting, you know, beverages bait. Like we had gotten some zco fishing reels at the PX or the, the bx and you had everything ready.


And guys would come back from flying and we'd spend the night on the beach fishing off in the surf. Right. Drinking beer. That's pre nine 11 if you weren't actually doing some missions. And I come back one night that night I'm talking about, and because it's two crews now, they're all drunk. And I come out, I'm like the only, I'm like the adult leader in the group. They're out in the water. The pilots, they're out to their neck with fishing rods, right. Surf casting. And the waves had slowly walked them out. You know, like they started waist high and they ended up at neck. And I was like a boy scout leader. I was like, All right, everybody buddy up. Like what? I said, hold hands with the guy next to you. I wanna count heads. Right. So I kinda was like, get in here. Right? And they're like, alright, we're coming.


You know, but that was pre nine 11. Nine 11 happens, you know, you still get some, some nice trips, but it's not like that. Yeah. You know, but the, where I really was going with that is the ability to take the guys to the actual environment. So we're gonna go learn to land in the dust for real. Usually when you get there, the, the lake beds are dry crust, you know, and there's no dust. So I remember I took these guys out one time And I start driving the aircraft around on four wheels. And I'm breaking up the cross now, what are you doing? It's gonna get dusty. I'm like, that's the point of this. We're not out here to pretend we're dust landing, we're gonna dust land. And then you go up to the mountains, you're wearing oxygen, which turned out to be important in Afghanistan.


Things like that, you know? And that's what we do. So when you get back from Green Platoon, pre nine 11, you would go places, you know, Fort Bragg, you would enter Fort Benning, work with the Rangers, go out to Coronado, work with the seals out to Little Creek, and you just do whatever they needed. You know, oil platform take downs, you know, VBSS, something like that. And once the war started, you know, that training became less and less because we needed airframes overseas. Right. So it was tougher to get that realistic training in, or you had to learn to mix it in. You know, it's like if you're gonna go out to the compound at, at Bragg, you know, what can you do on the way out?


You know, we would link up with the, the a tens out of Pope when they were still there. And on the way in, we'd link up with them and do a personnel recovery mission. Which I, I got a good one in the book there where I dusted out some farmer. You know, the, they, you know, the pilot, the down pilot was there and you know, the a tens are doing their, their passes. And the farmer had just lined the field with his tractor and He is just sitting there watching, you know, the a tens do their thing. And I come over with the Chinook And I land right next to him. And it's a big cloud of dust and farm tell, I don't know what poison, I guess, I don't know fertilizer.


I thought I was in trouble. We get to, to brag. I talk to the Air Force guy, he gives me the farmer's phone number. I call him, I'm like, yeah, I apologize. I'm, I'm so sorry, you know? And He is like, are you kidding me? He goes, that was amazing. He goes, you do that anytime you want. He says, but make sure I'm out there 'cause I wanna watch it. He is like, All right, here we go. That's awesome, man. But anyway, that's the, you know, the training is very realistic. I, the margin for safety is interesting because, you know, the, the one 60th, because we killed so many people in the early days, had a reputation of being cowboys. Oh, the one 60th guys, they're gonna just ignore all the rules and do whatever. Well now we're inventing new rules, you know?


And it's how you progress, you know? And unfortunately it was progressed in the, the blood of, of Night Stalkers. But that reputation is still there, you know, And I remember teaching a couple of grand platoon classes where guys would come in And I would say, okay, we're not gonna do this tonight because, you know, maybe the weather is such and such, or we've got, I dunno, some parameter that's kind of iffy. And I actually, a couple occasions have had guys say, well, I thought we would just do whatever it took. And it's like, well, maybe on a combat mission, you know, or national, something of strategic importance, national importance. But we're training. We're not gonna kill somebody, you know, just to go out.


We'll just do it tomorrow night, you know, kind of thing. So the rules are very important to us as well. What did it feel like when you graduated? It felt good. I'll Bet. You know, you felt, you really, you've really done something, you know, and it, it's what I want to do. You do that and I mean, You, you graduate, you're one of the best helicopter pilots in the world. I'd like to think so, you know, and as the time goes by, when you get better in the unit, like, I mean you could be a, a senior guy, like a CW four, but a junior pilot, you're taking out the trash, you're emptying, you're filling the fridge, that kind of stuff. You gotta pay your penance 'cause someone's gotta do it.


And the other guys are doing important things. You know, you know, I lived my life watching the news. Like the 24 hour news cycle. Something came on CNN back when it was reliable. You'd look at it and go, oh, something's happening in cartoon. That's happening in Belize. You know, the ambassador in this place might be trouble. And I would go into work, I'd get into the high side stuff. I'd research the situation, I'd research the country and I'd start preliminary plans for how to operate there. Because there were many times I'd get called in, I'm trying to think of the country in South America. Every year I'd get called to go get the ambassador and they'd smooth things over and we didn't have to.


But you live your life on the news. 'cause you could be going somewhere. I mean, look what happened on October 7th, right? With Israel. Those guys were on the road, you know, within hours. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Not that I know anything about that, but, you Know. Yeah. Well let's take a break and when we come back we'll start getting into similar combat operations. Sure. Perfect. I Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review.


We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite. That's Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite.


Alright, Alan, we're back from the break. We've covered your childhood. We've covered the beginning of your military career, your assessment into TF one 60, and now we're getting into your combat operations. Let's move into post nine 11. All right. Actually, let's move, let's just go into nine 11. All right. What were you doing when that happened? So nine 11, I was in, I was doing a mission in JRTC, right? The Joint Readiness Training Center down in Fort Polk, Louisiana. Right? I was actually in filling a mar ops team, right?


A maritime team from fifth group. And they would put them in a riverine operation. They linked up with a special boat unit out of the Navy, and they go do their thing, right? So I come back, take a shower, go to bed, sun comes up And I hear guys in the barracks. Now, the barracks, it's well as National Guard buildings, you know, it's cinder block walls, hard tile floors, you know, that kind of stuff. So every noise at one end gets all the way down to the other end, right? So even if you try to be quiet and these guys were like, holy crap, look at that. Did you see that? And I'm like, ugh. And I knew that the, our other company, a company was on their way to Europe to do a joint readiness exercise.


And we always said that, you know, one of those flights is gonna be real and when it happens, it's gonna be spectacular, right? The, the whole operation. I'm like, damn it, those guys did something. You know, like you always want to be on the big operation. And I thought, you know, the other company had just done it. So I get up And I turn on the tv and that's not what I saw at all. What I saw was one of the, you know, trade center towers was burning. And I remember thinking, oh, somebody's in trouble. You know, safety wise, aviation safety, you know, you got LaGuardia, JFK, Newark there, somebody screwed up. And So yeah, I got it on Brew up, a pot of coffee in my room and I'm looking at it, have my first, you know, sip of coffee and in comes in a plane and it's like, this is now an accident.


This is an attack. And I remember getting everybody up, you know, Hey, we're gonna be doing something. I mean, not like we were gonna, you know, open the helicopters and do something, but we were gonna have to get back to Fort Campbell. And it was, it was something, 'cause I, I go down to the end of the hall and there's two guys that had been out, you know, they were shot down, All right? And they're doing an e and e that night escape Eva. And so they just come in, they were miserable from walking around in the swamps, you know, until they got rescued. And I'm like, get up, we're under attack. And they're like, screw you. You know, they wouldn't open their doors. I was like, no, really, I'm not talking about like the OP four, I'm talking about somebody just is attacking us.


And they opened the door, showed 'em the tv, And I, oh wow. So I had just taken a position, so I was a, a flight lead, right? So the, what that is on the one 60th is you are one of very few tracked actually by the Secretary of Defense's office on how many there are of us. And in our company there's two, And I just got promoted, if you will, out of the company level where I was the chief pilot, the flight lead, and moved to battalion. So across the street, right? You always talk about, you know, oh you gotta go across the street to the headquarters, right? 'cause it's literally across the road. And what sunk about it is now when B Company goes, technically I don't have to go because I work for the battalion commander now, not the company commander.


Luckily they needed a second flight lead And I ended up with them. But with that being said, the entire national airspace system was shut down after nine 11, right? So, you know, had fighters, overhead, aac, that kind of stuff. But no commercial air travel, no military travel other than fighters. And so we rented our car, the battalion commander And I, and we drove back to Fort Campbell, I think it was a 10, 11 hour drive. And we're just hungry for information. 'cause remember cell phones back then were real Yeah. Phones, right? They weren't smart phones. So we were finding radio stations on the AM radio and we're listening to the press briefings and stuff and it's like, wow, this is, this is something.


And so we get back to Fort Campbell, we get a, you know, now we can get down to the skiff, find out what is going on. And the next day we were headed to Tampa, you know, in a 15 passenger van. Me and a couple planters didn't really know what was gonna happen. And I dunno, that's a 15 hour drive or something like that. And we drove down. The guys were still stuck at, you know, JRTC waiting to come back up. So we went to Tampa and a funny story there, right? So now the base is locked down McDill, right? And we gotta get the sock sent headquarters, and the line to get in the gate is gotta be five, six miles long. Right? And we can't, no one's gonna let you in.


So we drive around and there's a gate with nobody had it, but it's open, there's a guard there. And we pull up And I say, Hey, we need to get in. And they're like, sorry sir. Emergencies only, you know, official bit, whatever. So, so we start driving back And I happened to have a guy, our intel officer was a, also a CI officer, and he had a badge. And that badge had a little placard with it that said something like, you know, if the bearer of this badge is doing, you know, whatever national security, you know, afford him all courtesies or something along those lines, right? And I said, Jerry, get your badge out. He's like, Al, I'm not, I can't, they'll take my badge away if I use it for something. I'm like, dude, we just got attacked. So we drive back through, he flashes the badge, he let us right in, right?


And that was always a funny story with, with he And I, he was afraid to use his badge for nine 11. So anyway, we get in there and we're not really sure what is gonna happen. We know we're going to Afghanistan like that. The target is in Afghanistan, but we're bouncing between the third battalion and the second battalion going because B Company Second Battalion had just divided in two and sent six of its Chinooks to Korea to work in Paycom. So that company really wasn't big enough to do anything anymore. Right? And they were always talking about integrating it with the other company, just making it a bigger company.


But our area of expertise was the Middle East. All of the other units didn't have the same expertise that we had because we had done two years before that, two years in a row, we'd been to Kuwait with the intention of going into Iraq during desert operation, desert Thunder, and Desert Fox, right? They're separate things that he, he kicked the un inspectors out. So we were there seven months at a pop flying every night doing air refueling, dust landings. So we were really good at operating in the dust and every fueling in the, in the desert. So, but now we're shrunk down a little bit and we don't know if we're gonna be able to, to do anything.


So they're gonna send us, like me and my guys to Egypt for Operation Brightstar, which is a big training exercise in Egypt, right? And third Battalion will go to Uzbekistan and go into Afghanistan. Except things keep going around a little bit. It's like, you know what? Third Battalion would be better off going to Egypt. We'll take the EC echo models up to Uzbekistan because of the terrain falling radar. And some of the things that the older aircraft that Third Battalion had didn't, didn't have installed. You know, they had every fueling capability. The aircraft looks the same in the outside, but it's not nearly the same aircraft. So we, we end up getting the, the mission.


So I, I plan it, I'm on the phone and this is so secret, even on the secure line, I'm not allowed to talk about it. 'cause the phone's not a high enough classification. So the guys had just got back from GRTC, they got to fly back. And I'm calling up there going, Hey, you need to pull, we're like talking around this on a secure phone, you know, Hey, I need you to pull, you know, digital maps for, you know, maybe remember that movie Spies Like us, you know, kinda that area, you know, Duchamp Bay. And so he, he understood and he, he got those maps pulled and we started planning it. And then we end up back at Campbell, which is funny 'cause Operation Enduring Freedom was actually started as Operation Infinite Justice and we got rid of the Riot act.


You don't tell anybody about this. Nothing. No talking about it. You know, so we're going home and on the way home, Donald Rumsfeld is doing a press conference and he, he says, operation Infinite Justice is in motion. We're like, what the hell? So they changed the name. But so we get back, and here's where the, the real challenge is, right? Remember I said earlier that there's always room for one more ranger. If at sea level in a Chinook, if you can put something inside it, you can fly with it, right? You just can, when you start doing external loads, you get stuff that's too heavy. But now we're talking about flying to these mountains that are 20, 22,000 feet.


And it isn't just the altitude, it's the distance, right? So in order to get over a mountain, you might have to be a certain weight. So let's say I can carry 20 guys, right? And the gas that, so I cut the gas down to make weight, if you will, to get over the mountain. But then I don't have enough gas to get where I'm going or to get home, right? So it's always this big math problem of how many people you can take versus how much gas, how much time you can give them on the objective before you can pick 'em up, you know, all that kind of stuff. So we're doing this and the math isn't working out. We're like, we can't get where we've gotta go with what we should be carrying.


And what we didn't know was that fifth group, fifth Special forces group was in a room right next to me in Tampa planning what they call a UW campaign. Unconventional warfare. That's the whole horse soldier thing, right? Except they thought I could just take them anywhere they wanted to go. And I didn't know they were doing that. I was just planning for personnel recovery. So if the bombers got shot down a fighter, I would go rescue them, that kind of thing. So the other company comes in, you know, they're the lead planner and he looks at our, our whiteboard of, of, of essentially a table of, of what we could remove from the aircraft with weight to try to compensate for this.


We took all the armor out, we took extra equipment out that was, you know, extra fire extinguishers, things like that gone. And they had the same calculations and we're all like, it's nice to see that we, we separately came up with the same conclusion. You almost can't go anywhere, right? Without some major concessions. So then we ended up going to Uzbekistan, a place called K two Cari Canad Uzbekistan is just to the north of Afghanistan. And that's a former Soviet Republic. And we're gonna operate outta that base with four Chinooks and two DAPs. The DAPs I talked about earlier. Direct action, penetrators, the armed Blackhawks, they're gonna be our gun support, if you will.


We don't have anything else. This is early in the game, right? I mean, when you consider a, a battle, now, you know, you get battle tracking and beacons, you know where everybody is and you can see everything and you've got a stack above you of support. There was nothing. Yeah. And so here we are. As soon as we built up the first two Chinooks, the bombing campaign started. And originally we wanted all four built up. 'cause we wanted, you know, two teams of two because if something happens to the first team of two, the other two's gotta either help them or help whatever they were doing. And sec dev said, nope, as soon as the first two are done, start right. So they started bombing right away. And then we got the other two built up.


Luckily we didn't have anybody go down. And that went on for about two weeks. And then fifth group rolls in and we changed over from an Air Force colonel being in charge of us to a Green Beret colonel, the fifth group commander, John Mulholland, Great guy by the way. And he, he comes in, He is like, can you gimme a brief on, on what you can do with the helicopters? And we kinda show him and he's kind of perplexed. He's like, what's matter sir? And He is like, so you mean you can't just take an ODA, you know, team from here to here? No sir, not happening. You can't get over these mountains with that weight.


Or if you do, you're gonna run outta gas halfway there or something like that. And he's like, oh, I wish somebody had told me this, you know, like three weeks ago. And I was like, what do you mean? And then we found out we were all in the same planning area. It's like, 'cause they were falling under the old isolation rules. I think Cold War iso fac, you know, don't tell the pilots where you're going. 'cause if they're captured, they'll tell. And it's like, well in this case you kinda, you're counting on me to be able to even do it. Yeah. You know? And so we figured it out. We had to make some concessions on weight. Like I, I said, I can only carry like half a team so I can carry six guys and their equipment and their equipment's limited to like 3000 pounds.


So we made the ODAs put their gear, all their personal gear, all their team gear on a 4 6 3 L pallet on aircraft scales. And if it was over, it's like, get rid of 30 pounds. Oh, come on 30 pounds, get rid of her. You're not going fine. They'd lose batteries or water or something. You know, they could be suppli later. But that's how strictly we were on the math. And then we had this political problem when Ahmed Masu died, right? He was the head of the Northern Alliance. He was assassinated the day before nine 11, I believe, right? By Al-Qaeda so that we would not have a reliable ally, right?


And he was very charismatic. Everybody loved him. He was in charge of all the other warlords. They, they were subservient to him. And they get Al-Qaeda blows him up with a fake film crew. His second in command is a guy named Faheem Khan. He's a jerk. Nobody likes him, but he's in charge of this the thing now. And the third guy is General Rashid Dola, who those two hate each other, right? And they're in different locations. So Faheem says to the US government, if I don't get my Green Berets first attack, dose them. And you can, you know, throw your alliance out the window. So we are in two teams of two.


My buddy Arlo has to take one of my aircraft actually. So he's a team of three. I'm a team of one. So I can't go anywhere. We're not going anywhere. Single ship. And they take off, they reach the border, the weather is terrible, the mountains are 21,000 feet tall and they gotta turn around, they gotta abort, right? They can't get through. So they come back, which means that my mission, which is the next night, just rolled 24 hours, right? And I was afraid I was a terrible teammate by the way, because I was afraid that Arlo would get his guys in. And then the sec def would go, you know what, it's too hard. It's not worth the risk. No more infills. And then, you know, I'd have to listen for 30 years for this guy talking about his mission.


Like he has to listen now, what I mean. And so he goes, the next night, same thing happens, turns around, except now I'm rolled 24 again, right? Another 24 hours before I can take my guys in and I'm pissed. And I meet 'em in the, in the playing area where he comes in the door, he's like white, he, they almost died, right? They're 20,000 feet, can't see out the windows. And they're doing a pedal turn on the hover page. And I mean, they're lucky they did it. And I'm like, what the hell man? And He is like, dude, you have no idea what the weather was like. I'm like, you know, use this, use that. What are you doing? You know? And we got into shoving match, like I'm calling him, you know, all kinds of bad words.


And he's, you know, reciprocating and that now Arlo's a little bit bigger than me. We're about the same height, but he's bigger than, I mean, he would kick my butt. And, but I'm mad and I'm pushing him and somebody gets in the middle of us And I like gentlemen, no fighting in the war room. You know, it's a line from Dr. Strangelove movie. But anyway, All right, we're gonna roll again. Go to bed. Daytime phone rings unbeknownst to me in the planning area and the major that's on the day shift answers the phone. And a woman on the other end says, is this the TF dagger ops end? And He is like, yes. And she goes, please hold for the secretary.


And he's like, secretary, this is Donald Rumsfeld. Who am I talking to? It's this, this major, we'll call him Mark the major Mark. He's like, what can I do for you, sir? And He is like, you tell Mulholland, you get those teams in tonight or else both of them clicked. We don't know about this till like the next day. So we get up, come in and have our coffee. I'm expecting to see Arlo go do his thing and I'm just gonna sit here and wonder if he's gonna make it. And I say, oh, you're going tonight? Like what do you mean? I go, he's got my other helicopter. He's like, you're gonna have to take everybody in one, but I can't take everybody in one. He goes, yeah, you can if you, if you do air refueling in and out.


Okay. Right? They said the only, the only caveat is you can't touch down before the other flight. Like Faheem has to get his guys so he can say, I got the first Americans and dose them can have his 30 minutes later. So we had to coordinate timing. So even though I took off and was making a time, if these guys got delayed, I had to back off to make sure that Faheem got his guys first, right? So this is me with the, with the entire ODA 5, 9 5 in my aircraft. I have very little fuel now because I've gotta hit a tanker on the way in. I'll do my mission, I'll come back out And I gotta hit a tanker again to get gas and air to make it home.


And they didn't want me to fly a single ship 'cause there's nothing overhead. The sat at the time, the satellite communications was a low angle bird and the mountains blocked it. So unless you were above the mountains or had a certain angle, you couldn't talk. So I would be alone in Afghanistan, right? So they sent the DAPs with me that aren't Blackhawks. The problem is they can go most of the way, you know, and then the mountains are gonna get too big and they're gonna have to hang out. It's like the, the B 17 bombers going into Germany in the early days and the fighters could only go so far. It's like, see ya, you know, we'll see you when you come back, you know? And so we're flying along and I've got the battalion commander in my jump seat. So the jump seat, I sit in the left seat, my co-pilot's in the right seat and the jump seat is just between and behind us a little bit.


Like I could tap his knee kind of thing. And we're flying along. The weather is terrible. We get our gas, we cross the border, my heart's about to jump outta my chest. I'm like, you know, we're in Afghanistan and my heart's like boom, boom, boom. And we run into a sandstone, several thousand feet thick. It's just like the Eagle Claw mission actually. And you can't see out past the probe, the refill probe. There's like st almost fire on it, you know, like little sparks. And the DAPs are in tight. We're at about 200 feet above the ground flying across the northern dunes. And they're tucked in tight and they can't see me, they can't see the helicopter. What they can see with their night vision Goggles is the glow of my engines, right?


So there's two engines, as I pull in power with my co-pilot pulls in power, the engine gets hotter so the glow gets bigger and they know they're climbing. The globe gets smaller. They know we're descending brave men to be able to do that. Highly capable to even come close to doing it as long as they did. And they eventually they cried uncle, they turn around, they go, Hey, we gotta abort. We cannot do this. All right? Because we always say, you know, with surface to air missiles and other anti-aircraft weapons, every munition has a pk a a probable kill ratio. So if you fire a SA seven on an aircraft, you have a PK of 75%, right? And I'm just pulling that outta my butt.


So 75% chance of a a lethal kill, we say the ground has a PK of a hundred percent. So here we are in the mountains in the clouds and they just, they can't see, they can't see the mountains, they can't see me now other than the glow of my engines, which is insane. And though they've got big balls, it's not gonna keep 'em alive if they hit the mountain. So they turn around. So now I'm thinking, oh, there's no way they're gonna let me continue by myself. But I didn't know about the Rumsfeld phone call. And the colonel says, Al, what do you think? And I said, sir, I think we just tf, which is terrain falling radar, never been done before in our aircraft. For real. We train with it. I think I talked about it earlier with the green platoon stuff.


He goes, execute, push the button. It's like, Jethro, follow your queue. 300 foot clearance altitude. Off we go. And we are using the terrain falling radar for the first time in real life. Now we've done it in the simulator and we've practiced it, but we've never done it. Where you couldn't see a, no, no kidding. Really couldn't see out the window. No shit sir. You're the first one. It took, it took a general officer in training like the US assault commander had to approve flying without being able to see. And it had to be on what's called a military training route. So in order to get the training route reserved, the two star general to approve and bad enough weather to go, but not so bad you can't go.


It just never lined up, right? So you couldn't do it. So here we are doing it and we make our first turn and we get what's called a full climb command. So the, the aircraft sees something ahead of us that it can't climb over 'cause we didn't plan to do this. I'm planning on going around everything but the aircraft, the radar doesn't know that. And then the damn thing reboots, right? So you ever had your computer, you had to control the delete or you know, your phone had to be rebooted 'cause it's a computer. Well the radar is a computer and part of the reason there was all that, you know, the two star general is because the damn thing would do that. The darnedest times it would just boop go into its reboot cycle and you'd have to figure out what was wrong and get it back right?


In the meantime, all you can do is climb like your life depends on it because it does. And so my copilot, he slows back to best climb air speeds about 80 knots. He's got the power pulled into his armpits. We are climbing at about 4,000 feet a minute. I mean we are just climbing like a rape date And I have no idea what's in front of us. The radar isn't showing me, right? So it's actually the radar will show you about 10 miles out. And it was something that was about 20 miles out. It was a mountain that was too big for us to go over. And I figured that out by scrolling through the maps. Like if digital map on the, on the, the little TV screens, the MFDs. So I'm scrolling through trying to find a, a map scale that will be useful to me.


And I find one and it's like, ah, it's a mountain right here. I get the radar back. So there's different ways to give direction cues to the pilot. So I give him a heading cue. I say follow that cue. He does it. We descend. 'cause the mountain's now off to the side. We get around it and we rejoin the course and we're on our way, right? First lesson learned every flight in Afghanistan, every flight is planned so that in a pinch you can tf. So if you're running into bad weather, you can do it. But in doing so now you're giving up. Now you've, you've got a capability but you're giving up. In order to have to do that capability, you need performance. Which means you either have less gas on board or less customers, less cargo, right?


So there's a give and take to everything we get to Iraq, you know, whatever you want in there. And, but anyway, this is Afghanistan, so we're going along, we're still in the clouds. There's nobody to talk to. My aircraft is all alone. This is the stuff you make movies about. And they did 12 strong, right? But they highlighted the green Berets. But anyway, we come to the last ridge line and we're still in the clouds and the colonel's like al whatcha gonna do. And I said, I'm sure we got this, you know. And so I lower the, there's a lower altitude that it'll fly, which is like really, you know, a hundred feet. So I do that and we pop out of the clouds we're like, I don't know, three, maybe 4,000 feet this ridge line. And then the LZ is about a half mile to go.


And then there's a little hill north of that because we'd come around and on the other side of that's a ZPU 23 4, right? And it's Taliban. So a 23 millimeter, four barreled anti-aircraft cannon, right? If he sees me, it's a line of sight of me, he will tear me up, I'll be Swiss cheese, we will not survive. The aircraft's not gonna do it. So I've gotta keep that little hill and that's all it is. A little nub. As long as I can keep the line of sight from him seeing me, he can't shoot me, right? So, but I've gotta lose three to 4,000 feet in about a half miles distance. So the only way to do that is es turns, right? So we're losing our altitude. We're, we're dropping 4,000 foot a minute.


I mean we're just screaming. We put the aircraft outta trim a little bit to put some drag and we're dropping and we're doing this. And my copilot isn't as experienced with me. And I'm like, here I have trolls, right? So I'm doing this and I'm basically standing the aircraft on the side as we're dropping, right? I mean we are dropping fast. I didn't time it right Because as we get to the bottom, I am turning this way, the LZs over here. So it's out the other side of the aircraft And I can't see it, but I'm at about 150 feet now and I'm like, Jethro, you got the LZ inside. He is like, yeah, you have the controls. So now he has to take the controls, he turns inbound to the lz, but I screwed him because to do a dust landing in a chinook, typically you get set up about a half mile out, you know, and now we're much closer that now, and you, the controls had little buttons on 'em, right?


And those buttons are for a little magnetic break. So you can move the controls wherever you want them, let go of the switch and the control will stay right there. And then you can just sort of a little pressure, you can fight against the springs, right? Because when you get in a dust cloud, you want to be able to just sort of relax your grip and let the aircraft go where you set it up. If you go into it without doing that, if you tighten up at all, you know, get in that fetal position at all, your arm tends to move and you will drift. Which is what happened to him. 'cause I didn't give him the time to get set up. And so he, he comes in there and he's a great dust lander, actually, probably better than me. And he's coming in And I could feel the aircraft going backwards in the dust, right?


We're half gear's, gotta be like 10 feet off the ground. If we hit going backwards, we're gonna crash. It's gonna be spectacular and spectacular failure. And so I said, go around, go around, go around, which means, you know, pull power, let's come up outta the dust, we'll come back around, we'll try it again. Except I feel the afge touch the ground. Well, I'm not gonna go back up in the dust cloud with a 23 millimeter gun there if I can, if I'm already on the ground. But jet row from West Virginia, he's a big man, right? And I mean like all muscle and there's no difference in the controls. So I have no advantage over him and he's starting to pull power And I don't have time. And so I lay on the, on the thrust, trying to keep him from pulling up and he's pulling harder And I can feel myself getting pulled outta my seat.


And finally he realizes what I'm trying to do and he stops and we, we land dust kind of settles and we are surrounded by Afghan men wearing pcos. And I don't remember what the scarf is called. They all got AK 40 sevens. Could be Taliban, could be Northern Alliance, I don't know, right? There's a, there's an OGA guy supposedly there, but he didn't have an O or strobe. So you might be dead as far as I know. And the team leader gets out, mark Nu right? The leader of finite five. And they do a little hug, he comes up by my, my window gives me a thumbs up. I'm like, see ya. So we took off, repeated the thing, went back, got air refueling back to Bagram, we sit there.


So we shut the aircraft down And I had nothing left like the adrenaline of that night, the stress of that night. I remember just sitting there as they towed the aircraft into parking, you know, and we were just, Jason Jethro And I were just kind of sitting there and we did that night after night after night. And a couple of those nights, Arlo, the other flight lead And I, there was a, there was a, an OGA pilot named Ned. He flew MI seventeens out of Duchamp Bay into Afghanistan re Valley and stuff. So he stopped in and gave us a bottle of Jack Daniels. And so Arlo had the bottle and we snuck off in the bunker, had a little snort, and we're like, what do you think?


And I said, dude, I don't think we're gonna live another mission. And he said, yeah, I agree. And what do we do? Whew, it's a little emotional, we're just gonna do it. You know, there's nobody else who's gonna do it other than us. So we didn't tell anybody that we had these doubts, you know, they, I'm sure they had it, but you, you know, as a leader you've gotta lead. And so we did and we did, I dunno, we put 21 teams in, I think, you know, in the movie, 12 strongest one team, you know, for simplicity. But it was 21 teams. 21 teams. 21 teams, yeah.


All over Afghanistan. I mean, we were, I mean, other than, you know, Kabul, I mean Kabul was Taliban hell. But I was all the way down the, the west side of, was it Ferra? And I can't think of the furthest south. I went, but you know, a long way. I took the, the OGA guys in and then the next night I'd bring the SF guys in and then later on they might need resupply, you know, if they weren't near C one 30 or or someplace they could do an airdrop, you know, that kind of thing. But we did that. I had to rescue, one of the ODAs got in between a green on green engagement. You know, the, the Afghan North Alliance fought each other and the, the ODA had to leave. And when they did, you know, they were under fire, they left under fire.


And so they're in their e and e corridor and their vehicles, they, the Hilux trucks and they're, they're headed south. And I get told, go get them right now. You know, they're under fire. So I take off with the dApps, except what do we run into again? The mountains obscured by clouds and a sandstorm. So the dApps are like, and it's just me. I can't remember what the other aircraft were doing, but it was just my aircraft. And I was like, All right, you guys picked me up when I come out. And we sped up to like 160, which is fast for a helicopter. And I activated the TF and we went right into the, right into the, the cloud in the mountains. And the, and the radar just took us right over, let us down on the other side.


And then I picked the road 'cause I knew where they started. And it's like, All right, there's only two roads. They parallel each other. If I follow one, the most likely one, and hopefully I'll get in comms with 'em. 'cause an AC one 30 overhead as a U-boat. He couldn't see anything. It was all cloud cover. But he did have line of sight. But communications with 'em. So it was COBRA two two and I'm, I'm hauling ass in a a 23 ZPU 23 2. Same as that other gun. But only two barrels opens up on us and the AC can't do anything 'cause he can't see anything. And he's a little too far away from my mini guns. You know, we can shoot about 1500 meters and this thing shoots about 2300. And so he could reach us And I couldn't reach him.


So I was like, All right, all we can do is maneuver a little bit and keep going. Right? And so eventually we get into radio contact with Cobra two two, arrange a link up, figure out what road they're on. We actually pick the right road and we land pick 'em up, head back into the, the cloudy mass, link up with the dApps and go home. And what's cool with dApps is then we weren't gonna let that time go on, like not have a purpose. So they started trolling in areas where they thought we might get shot at, hoping to draw a fire so they could kill it. And I remember the copilot for the lead DAP Mike, he said, he told me afterwards, He is like, damn, he says, we were literally flying in a profile where, you know, we were gonna get shot down.


And they, you know, the flight lead is Ross. And he's like, we're not gonna let those chinooks get shot down. If there's anybody out here, if they're gonna shoot at anybody, they're gonna shoot at us. So Damn man. Yeah. So anyway, how long, How long did it take you to insert 21 teams? Was it one a night? One a night? Sometimes two a night? You know, depending on where we were going. Like I put over in, so those guys were on Polycom Ri, there was a cow, not cows, I can't think of the name of it. But yeah, we all over the place. Sometimes two a night. So it took two, three weeks. The, the campaign, you know, in the movie it's like, you know, two, three days.


But in real life it took a couple weeks. We thought it would take it till the spring. Except dos them, you know, funny thing. So he's getting encircled, nobody knows it. No Arlo and his flight are inserting a team nearby and they fly across this big open bowl. They're at, you know, 12,000 feet, the bowl's probably 6,000. And they're in the clouds pretty much. And they pop out, they're outta the clouds and there's any aircraft, guns, RPGs, you know, dish. And it's like something out of, you know, battle of Britain, you know, shooting at the, you know, Germans or something. He's like, stuff's coming up, RPGs flying under the rotor, surface air missiles man pads.


And the, what we had decided was there's nothing you can do if you run into an engagement like that, you let the aircraft countermeasures work, you know, the flares, you see 'em in the movies and you just treat it what we like a thunderstorm. You just kind of keep going forward and try to get outta the kill zone. But if you try to maneuver, you're just kind of dancing in their sights so it doesn't feel good to, to just fly out of it. 'cause they're shooting at you still. And they come back that night, they all no aircraft damage whatsoever. They could smell the, the propellant from the RPGs and all that kind of stuff in the, in the aircraft. And they're like, oh my god, you know, we, we were gonna die.


You know, if this is what life is gonna be like we are, we're definitely not gonna make it. And so we just keep going, you know. But what that did is it let us know that a major force was engulfing, general dosing's force and help the horse soldiers drop bombs on the right area. 'cause they had been focusing over here for example. And now we knew because those guys, had they not shot at the Chinooks, they would've wiped them out, you know? Yeah. 5, 9 5 would've been gone. So it's, you know, luck plays part of the game. Damn man. You know, and we did that for about, you know, seven months or so. Toro Boras in there, right? So we end up, we think we're going home.


We get told you put all those teams in Chinooks are going home, right? No need to have 'em here. We'll resupply with C one thirties, All right? And I actually moved the last team from a field site to a place that had a one 30 strip. And we're like, yes, we're going home next week. Right? And Arlo's team gets sent to Bagram, first Americans down there for this place called Tora Bora, right? Because we had to get through the Taliban to get to Bin Laden. We know where He is, right? We know he's in the to bore mountains. They know where He is. Exactly. And so they got a, they take the Delta guys down there, they got two Chinooks and they are dropping bombs like nobody's business, right?


Those mountains glowed for a week after that. And you know, the guys went down with three day Rucks. Yeah, go down, you know, this thing will be over in two, three days. They get down there, obviously it's gonna take longer than that. So we got better supplied my team, I was in silver team, they were gold team. We go down and replace them, they come back up. I can stay there for a couple of weeks now. I'm like, Hey, give us three, four weeks. We're, we're fine down here. You guys stay up at K two and support the teams. We'll do, we'll support the tour of Bora mission. So we're doing that. And then, you know, he disappears off the radio bin Laden 'cause he's, he's severely injured and you know, the, the whole thing where He is apologizing to the brothers, you know, I'm sorry I let you down.


The Americans are gonna get us. And we stopped bombing him because he was off the net for, for a night. And CENTCOM thought he was dead. No shit. We're all sitting there going, you gotta keep up the pressure, you know, you know, you can lift and shift the bombs as we move into where we think He is. But don't stop, stop ceasefire. And he got into Pakistan and you probably, I dunno if ever read the book by Dalton Fury was actually a guy named Tom Greer, that name, you know, is out there now. But he was the Delta commander who had bin lain within small arms range. And they were going to kill him. And the Afghans that led them to Bin Laden didn't realize they were gonna kill him.


And they switched sides and they ended up in a little Mexican standoff, you know, where they're all pointing guns at each other. And the Delta guys had to withdraw and Bin Laden got away and they were pissed. You know, it's all In his book. Damn. But so, you know, we continued for a while going into the caves. You know, we did a thing where I, I had a robot, I lowered outta the aircraft or somebody lowered it while I came to a hover and they controlled the robot up into the, the caves to see if he was there. But he had slipped away. And you know, interestingly, I can tell you that the aircraft we flew down there on that mission, where he got away was later in life the aircraft that carried his body out of Pakistan.


No shit. Yeah. So it was like bookends, I call it. And the funny thing is, is the young captain who was the air mission commander with me in to Bora, was now a lieutenant colonel and the air mission commander on the one that they got him. So he's like, like almost like a Forest Gump. He's in both areas, you know, the same aircraft and kind of a nice, a nice tie in, you know? And, but anyway, this is all one deployment. Yeah. Oh man. Shit man. So, so we get, you know, all these exciting things, very high adventure. We start getting, we start getting better at what we're doing. The Taliban is, you know, they're starting to hide now. And as a matter of fact, I flew into the, A guy gave us the embassy back when we went to Kabul when fifth group got into Kabul.


That's the laugh. Cam fellow comes up and He is like, you know, Excuse Me, would you like your embassy back? What he come with me? And he took him over the US embassy that had been abandoned when the Soviets invaded, was still there untouched by the Taliban. There were still like, you know, copies of Life magazine and newspapers, cigarette ashtrays, you know, back in the day. And he'd been taking care of it, you know, little coated dust. But he'd been, you know, gardening and doing whatever he did. And the Taliban left it alone for some reason. So he presented fifth group with the United States Embassy. And so we're gonna reopen it, right? This is December of 2001.


Big ceremony, right? General Franks comes in the Sentcom commander. So I'm gonna fly him his wife, general Harrell, who was the Afghan overall commander and you know, a bunch of strap hangers. I'm gonna fly them into the embassy. They're gonna a big ceremony, reopen the embassy, officially put a, put an ambassador in there, except I get told, take him in at like 10 in the morning. Daylight, right? I'm A Night Stalker. We fly at night. Why? Because it's safer, you know, if the enemy can't see you. And Goggle, MPGs weren't prevalent at the time. I prefer to fly at night. And I, and the CENTCOM guys said to my request to fly them at night. I said, lemme take 'em in the night before.


Oh, no, no, no, you gotta take 'em in 10 o'clock. Got, you know, scheduled. I said, you're putting a four star general and his wife And I and a one star at risk. Like, no, no, no. The Taliban's gone. I'm like, do you realize I get shot at whenever I leave the wire I get shot at And it's all big stuff, you know, it's 14.5, 12.7, sometimes bigger, sometimes man pads. And they're like, no, no, no, it's fine. Right? And as we saw two years ago, the Taliban is not gone, but, so I take off heading to the embassy And I don't have a choice and flight of two and we've got everybody on a headset.


So the general's listening in, you know, we're talking All right, coming left, coming right, you know, speeding up, slowing down. And all of a sudden my flares go off automatically, right? Because, you know, in the movies you get a, a surface air missile fired at you. It's a heat seeker, you know, it's like, oh, a missile two o'clock, I'm evading, I'm cutting my heat signature. No, it's more like it goes by and you go, holy crap, it didn't hit us right? So the flares had decoyed it and it went right between me and CHOC two. So I'm like, Hey, was that an inadvertent launch? 'cause sometimes they go off, you know, for no reason and it's not a missile. And it's like, oh, yes sir. It went right between us. They're like, damnit. So the conversation is All right, missile fired, coming down left, I kind of dropped down.


I'm in like a, like a creek bed, And I had been doing 120, I sleep, I speed up to 165. So it's almost 200 miles an hour, about 10 feet off the deck. 'cause what I'm trying to do is put just enough of the subtle terrain between me and any potential fall on shots because you have to hyper elevate the thing, get, you know, lock on, get the battery coolant thing going and, and, and launch it, right? So I'm trying to do that. And I come into the embassy, I'm doing about 150 as I cross the wall And I gotta stand this thing up on its end and then drop it in chalk two comes in behind me, you know, general's like, oh, thanks for the flight guys. And I'm like, sir, get out.


They're like, well, there's nobody out there yet. I said, sir, get out. Go to the building to the left. All right, well have a good day. You know? And he get out. He had no idea. We had been, I mean, he just didn't know, right? So we take off, and this is actually a funny story, I tell, so, so we take off, we accelerate. He was on the headset. They didn't, he was on the headset the whole time because in the movies. If a helicopter gets shot at, everybody freaks out and they run into each other, right? Which is what I told Jerry Bruckheimer at the 12 Strong Premier said, I hope you didn't do that. 'cause we are very calm under pressure. He's like, ah, I be right. But anyway, so we take off, and I'm over the city of Kabul, right? It's, it's very sprawling, right? It's, it's very densely packed. There's TV antennas everywhere, those old fashioned ones.


And I get another surface tear missile fired at me. So now I drop down again to do the same thing. I'm like dragging my wheels through the TV antenna and what do I see in front of me? Hundreds and hundreds of kites. The Taliban remember, had band kites, you know, music, you had to have a beard, that kind of stuff. So everybody shaded when the Taliban fell, kids were flying kites. And the problem with a kite is they like to use fishing line so they wouldn't lose their kite, right? If that gets wrapped around the, the rotor system and the push pull tubes that move the blades, you lose control of the aircraft and you could crash, right? So you don't wanna do that. And there's hundreds of kites above me, right?


So there's string and then, you know, there's, they're off like this. And I'm trying to see the string, and I'm doing about 150, 160 miles an hour at this point. And I see that I, I like to say that there's this one kite's red kite. It's moving this way. So I move this way, it moves in front of me. I move this way, and then it wraps around the landing gear as I go by And I look down And I see this little kid hanging on, and he hangs on for about two miles. What? I'm kidding. I was like, what? I'm kidding. I was like a half mile. He, you know. But, so we left, you know, we, we go up there and did you ever see Flight of the Intruder? No. The movie. So the St It's Vietnam, these guys do a rogue bombing mission in North Vietnam with Asics intruder.


And they fly over what they call Sam City. It's all these surface air missiles. They, they get in there secretly, except the bombs don't drop, right? They'd forgotten to do something in the cockpit. Oh, I forgot this. And bombs didn't drop. What do we do? You know? And now they're getting shot at like crazy. And the Willem Defoe says, well, they'd never expect us twice. So they go around, they do it again, right? So here we are, we're back at Bagram. I do pass the word, Hey, we should wait till dark before we pick 'em up, you know? And they're like, no, no, you gotta go get 'em. I said, then they might wanna drive out. And I told reporter what happened. So my wingman comes up, got him Willie, he's Puerto Rican.


He's very, very, very, very thick accent. When he gets excited and he's very animated, He is like, oh, oh my God, oh wow, two missiles, oh my God. And I go, well, don't you know, we gotta go back and get the general right. And he's like, no way, no way are we doing that right? And that thick accent. And I go, Willie, they'd never expect us twice. And he hadn't seen the movie. And he said, what? Ah, you're nuts. So a couple months later, he saw the movie and called me and He is like, oh, I saw the movie. I got it, I got the line. But that's kinda how things, it makes sense now. That's how things were, you know, up until really Operation Anaconda. And that's its own conversation.


We can go there if you want. Let's go into it. All right. So we've been there seven months. Special operations units, typically, especially the Soar Special Operations Aviation Regiment is designed to go do a mission and go home, right? You, you're there long enough to do the mission, get back and reset for the next mission. Well, in this case, we've been dragged out for seven months in a way that we've never been tested before, right? And we're exhausted. I mean, we are absolutely emotionally, mentally, physically exhausted from this whole thing. So the other company's gonna come in, right? A company, I mean, with the B company guys right now.


And we're gonna do a rip right relief in place. But because we've been operating there, they want us to stay through this conventional operation called Anaconda, right? It's a 82nd Airborne and hundred first. And they're gonna go, they think Bin Laden and Zhi are down to the EZ area. So they're gonna go in with a big aerosol. And the plan is that they're gonna put Special Forces coalition, special forces, not the tier one guys up in the mountains. And the key passes for high-speed avenues to approach or escape, if you will. And if Bin Laden's there and tries to go, they'll be able to call for fire from the overhead platforms to kill 'em, right?


Well, in the meantime, the Taliban will be in the, in the, in the bottom area. And it's Al-Qaeda and Taliban elements, right? This is nothing but nasty bad guys. And what's gonna happen, whether bin Laden's there or not, is there's a, so that the mountains are considered the anvil, right? And the hammer, if you will, the hammer in the anvil is a special forces group from fifth group. A guy named, I think it was a W three Harriman was his name. He's leading a convoy of general ZZ forces. ZZ forces are considered the, some of the best in the country, Afghans. And he's gonna lead them down and push the Al-Qaeda and the Taliban forces out into the open where the, you know, the coalition guys, you know, so it's the Germans, the, the French, the, you know, the Norwegians, all these different coalitions are up there in the mountains, gonna call for fire.


The problem is Harriman's identified as an enemy and the AC one 30 engages him and kills him. 40 millimeter. I believe I saw the vehicle, it was pretty messed up. There's a lot of stuff going on in Anaconda, you know, that was later corrected. No unity of command. The, the comms were bad. Con communications ified. Everybody's jamming everything so nobody can talk. So we're jamming our own stuff. And, and by the way, there was a weather delay of two weeks. So we, the Americans being the wonderful people, we are told all of the, the other organizations, you know, know the Un Red Cross, red Crescent, whatever, other aid organizations, Hey, two weeks from now we're gonna come in here with a big battle.


You don't wanna be here. So of course they tell, you know, the locals and the locals now know, and they're all, you know, Taliban or, or Al-Qaeda. And the Russians did a big operation there at one point, the Soviets. And there was a place called the Whale. It was this big terrain feature. It had like mole hills, you know, guys fighting positions made a stone. And they had all of the potential landing areas for helicopters, essentially range guarded. So you could put a mortar in, you know, dial it in whatever angle, and you could hit a certain spot and you'd know you'd hit it, right? So anyway, that's from later in the day. But anyway, so Harriman gets killed. Zia's forces turn and flee because if the Taliban can kill the American SF guys, 'cause they don't know the AC one 30 did it.


They just know that his vehicle erupted, you know, with 40 millimeter. So now there's no hammer on the anvil. And when the air assault comes in, And I just told you, they range carded all the LZs, the hundred first is getting their ass handed to them right through no fault of their own. I mean, there's just, there's no, the, the main focus of the battle hasn't happened. It just disappeared. So they're getting their ass handed to 'em, you know, the helicopters, luckily nobody got shot down. You know, big, big aerosol. They go back to Bagram, the infantry is down there, you know, on their heels there's talk of pulling them out because they're getting their ass handed to 'em.


And my job at that time, we weren't part of it really, other than I had two Chinooks and a group of seals from Dev grew and we were the HVT team. So if Bin Laden or Zari does show up, it's our job to go swack 'em, right? Two, two Chinooks full of seals. We're gonna go kill Bin Laden. And after a couple of days, it's obvious that they're not there. So if only we could get eyes on this one big mountain ta gar, that would make up for what, you know, the friendly forces didn't accomplish. They'd be able to see terrain now that they could not have seen otherwise.


Well, who could do that? We don't have anybody. Ah, we got two Chinooks and a bunch of seals, right? All right, so we're gonna do two infills at one time, right? So my Wingman's got one group and I've got the other group. So we fly together, we separate at a release point. He drops his guys off. I go to the top of the mountain, tuck a guard, and I'm gonna, oh, I should back up. We're supposed to take 'em to the base of the mountain and they're gonna walk up, right? That's the plan. We split up, we do our thing. They walk up under the cover of darkness, except there's B 52 strikes coming in on the whale because they're trying to protect all these hundred first guys.


'cause we still don't have eyes on the key terrain. So every time they're doing the bombing run, I gotta turn back and I'm running outta gas. There is no gas to be had down there. Once I run outta fuel, the aircraft is staying where it is. It's not getting back to Bagram. So go back to guard. I shut the aircraft down and unfortunately this particular helicopter, which by the way was the one that got Bin Laden's body outta there. When it finally was time to go, you know, they sent me a spare from Bogram. And there's a whole story of how that happens. The Razor 0 1, 0 2, 0 3, that kind of thing. So Razor zero one brings me a spare and he's the QRF, that's his job, right?


So he's quick, right? You gotta come down, gimme my aircraft, he'll take mine back. The maintenance pilot will fly the damaged aircraft back and they'll fix it and return it to the fight. But now it's 40 minutes to get down from Bagram. And so I say to the team later, I'm like, Hey, I'm gonna be putting you in at this time at the base of the hill. He is like, Al, I can't get up there under the cover of darkness. You gotta take me to the top. And I said, I haven't seen any imagery for the top. I don't even know if there's a place to land. And the troop commander happened to be on the ICS and he's like, there's a place up there. It's all open. You should be able to get up there. All right. So Brit Lebinski is the, the team leader, and he request a 24 hour bump.


He's like, listen, I don't wanna go to the top of the hill. I wanna do the original plan, but we gotta roll 24 to do it, right? He gets told, you really need to get up there tonight. He's not told no, but the push is on. I mean, you know what it's like. So He is like, what do you think, Al? I said, All right, I'll, I'll give it a try. You know. So we, we take off a flight of two Razor zero four drops off his team, and then he goes to a link up area where I'm going to rejoin him. And I tell him, if I don't show up or you don't show up, I'm gonna start the clock. Or you start the clock, wait 15 minutes, do a radio search and then leave because you won't have enough gas to get home.


Well, you know, you don't know where I am if I don't show up. So get home, we'll find me later. So anyway, we get to the top of the mountain and we land up there and there's nothing happening. And I look off to my right and there's a donkey tied to a tree and a dka. So it's a 14.5 millimeter in aircraft machine gun, right? Heavy machine gun. And it's sitting there, nobody's touching it, no people and slab back then. And this was all changed. Now, in order to talk to me, he had to be on the aircraft headset to talk to his guys. He had to take off the headset, put his helmet back on with his pels and communicate by embitter or whatever they were using.


Or we passed information with a, a clipboard that had like a, a glow stick behind it. And you write with a grease pencil and you pass that back and forth. So he was in this transition period, taking his headset off. And I said, Hey, tell the team leader keep his headset on. I gotta talk to him. What's up? I said, you got a donkey to the right, you got a machine gun. And then somebody pops up to the left, a guy, and my left gunner sees him and says, sir, we got a guy to the left. I said, is he armed? He said, I don't think so because of the herriman incident the day before, the rules of engagement had changed. 'cause the af you know, friendly Afghans were everywhere. Now I had to have a hostile act I've gotta be shot at before I can return fire.


But there's a caveat to that hostile intent, which is you gotta, that's very subjective. And I said, listen, if he pops up again, kill him. Because if he's friendly, there's no way he's popping up again while we're sitting here. And so slap says, okay, we're going. Right? So he takes the headset off, puts his helmet on. While he's doing that, that guy pops up again from a different position. And I watch as an RPG slowly comes at me. It was like in that movie, black Hawk Down, they show the RP g sort of like a lava lamp kind of, yeah. Sparking at you coming in. And it was like slow motion and it exploded just behind me. If the guy had aimed a little bit more to the right, he'd hit the, the left fuel tank. And we probably would've exploded on the spot.


If he'd aimed just a little bit forward, he would've got me, in which case we're not going anywhere. But he hit right at the mini gun and it went through the ammo can and out the other side and it exploded in the aircraft. And because the doors were all open, there's not that over pressure. And everybody was just sort of, you know, stunned. You know, it's like, you know, stars going around little tweety birds and all of the electric dies, right? So the, there's three electric systems in a Chinook. They're all geographically separated so that you can't, one bit of damage can't hit them all. And with the, with the machine gun fire and the RPG, all three lines got hit and all the electrical went out.


And the problem with that is the mini guns at that time were ac powered electric. Meaning they run off the aircraft power now they run batteries, they're done. Holy shit, you can't shit, right? So we're now defensive. Everybody's still on board, but I'm wondering, did the, did the seals start getting out? Are they back on? We never talked about that in this particular instance. 'cause usually they'd be off. We start getting off, you gotta stay till we're all off or we'll get back on. I didn't know what they wanted and slab was unconnected, so I couldn't talk to, and the crew chief in the back, in the way, at the back of the ramp's, like, you know, we're getting hit and you can hear like, hey, tink, tink, tink, tink, tink, you know, as the bullets are hitting the aircraft and he's like, you know, fire in a cabin, fire in a cabin, go, go, go.


And we start, I mean, All right, so I take the controls and aircraft still runs. There's just no electricity, right? And we can still talk that's on the battery. So I, I rotate and take off. And because the engines are on like a backup reversion, anything they call it, they droop a little bit at that altitude. It's like 12,000 feet. And so I can hear the droop, meaning I probably lost an engine. So now I know I can't hover with one engine, with only one engine. We're gonna drop like a rock back to the thing. So I, I rotate over And I dive down the mountain, right? 30 degrees nose load, dive down. What I don't know is that Navy SEAL, Neil Roberts is headed toward the back as we're rotating.


And the crew chief in the back grabs him, you know, like, I got you. And out they go, Neil falls about 12 feet to the, about hip deep snow. And the crew chief is on a tether and he's hanging beneath the aircraft. And I don't know that, but I'm diving, I'm literally on the treetops because the dish is shooting at us. And so I'm trying to get down below his potential for, you know, elevating the gun down. And I don't know, I'm, this guy's feet are tickle on the fricking trees and the other crew chief in the back sees him, pulls him up, right? And there's hydraulic fluid everywhere, you know, so it's very slippery back there. 'cause the bullets that hit the transmissions and some other things, and the crew chief's telling me, sir, we're, we're okay.


The engine's running, you can level off. So now instead of crashing at the base of the hill, I level off, we're running 9,000 feet. And they say, sir, we lost a man. I'm like, what do you mean you lost a guy? I'm in total denial. I'm like, gimme a headcount. I'm like, sir, we don't have to give you a headcount. We just watched him fall out the back. Is he alive? He, yeah, he looked like he was alive when we, when we left. All right. And I, sir, the guns don't work. And I said, test testify to the guns. Like they know the guns don't work. So like, All right, we're, we're going back to get 'em. So we circle back around, we start climbing back up 12,000 feet and we get lined up and we're starting to get lined up in the controls lockup.


We lost all our hydraulic fluid and you can't move the controls without hydraulic fluid. We're trying to move my co-pilot's trying to move it and we are just flying it. 12,000 feet over the battle in the, in the valley below at the whale. I can see tracer fire going both ways. I see explosions And I can't do anything. I could see stars up above. And I was like, Hey guys, I'm, I'm sorry we're done. And I can't move the controls, you know, I don't know what's gonna happen but I'm not in control. And the guy in the back, the crew chief, there's a little fill port, right? And he, he opens it up and he pours a can of hydraulic fluid in it and it's got a little T handle and he's like pumping his thing like, like nobody's business.


And all of a sudden the controls come alive in my hand, I can feel the thing go. And I was like, I have control. And so I turn the aircraft back inbound and we're lined up to land on the top of the ridge and the controls lock up again. They get about 50 seconds per can of hydraulic fluid. And now I know we're just gonna impact on the top of Robert's Ridge, that's the name now. And he puts another can of fluid in there. And I know that there's no way we're gonna be able to land there with no guns. And I still got Razor zero four out there, right? So he's fully capable. So I'm like, you know what, we're gonna turn left. We're gonna try to land. We're Razor zero four, put the other Mako team and it's far enough away that the angle of descent, if we lock up again, maybe we'll survive, maybe we won't.


I mean it just depends. But that, that was the intent. So we flew down, we actually went way over them. I couldn't shorten up the, the descent. And we ended up coming into this, this kind of a, a hilly area, except I couldn't see that in the goggles until I got closer. I just saw a flat as far as I could tell. And as we get a little bit closer, you know, he'd put that other, that last can in. And we get down to the bottom. I'm thinking we're gonna run out of fluid any minute now. And I can't move the controls, the cycling right to the one between my legs. That's the directional control. And we start sliding un uncommanded to the right And I can't stop it. So there's a saying in aviation, never, never quit flying the aircraft.


So I look at where we're headed And I jam on the right pedal and the nose swings around in the direction of the drift. And now we're going to hit straight on. So at least we get a chance if we hit this way, we're gonna roll over, boom, movie stuff. So we, we hit the ground. I got one more push on this axis And I I do it and we settle on a slope that's about 15, 20 degrees, right side high and about 15 degrees nose high. So the aircraft's kind of sitting up like this, pull the engines offline, hit the road or brake stop 'em in one revolution. And I actually, so our commander at the time is the next Delta guy that went to flight school, end up as our commander and we'll call him Joe Gost, not his real name, but his close.


And he used to do these things called Gost games. And he would have us in training do shoot downs. So you'd go do some mission, I'd fly to Cleveland from Fort Campbell, air refueling on the way up. On the way back, I come back And I say, Hey, go land at vagal DZ out on the range, right? So I go land out there and they'd have to shut down the aircraft, they'd gimme a little envelope, you've been shot down, you're an enemy territory. Go to these coordinates, you know, to link up with, you know, whatever. And then there were guys there to fly the aircraft back so that we'd be out there three or four days walking in the woods doing escape evasion, survival, that kind of stuff. So we called these things the Gore games.


So we hit the ground rotor, brake stop. I'm like, holy crap, we're alive. You know, there's a couple points there. I didn't think we were gonna survive. And I say, not another fricking gors game, right? And I, I hit all the switches that destroy the computers and it was just funny. I got a coin from the NSA for doing that. I kind of joke, I should have left it 'cause it was such a mess. The software that we could let the Chinese re-engineer it and they'd set them back 20 years. But anyway, I did, I, you know, I deserved my com sac and destroyed the, the mission computers and all that kind of stuff. So get out up Slosky Chapman, you know, the CCT, they're out there, they're already talking.


They've set up a perimeter. We've got an M 60 machine gun still. And you know, he's talking to the C one 30. He goes Razor zero four's on the way, you know, they know where we are now and they're headed our way. And I was on the ground about 45 minutes and they're like, Hey, we're gonna, you know, I, I get my GPS out, I plot the map where we are and slabs like, All right, you guys stay here. We're going. I'm like, where are you going to the top of the hill? I'm like, we're a good 10 kilometers away. You're not getting up there right now. He's like, no, it's right there. I'm like, no, it's that one. 'cause we'd flown, you know, a good three minutes, you know, a hundred miles an hour. Yeah, we got a pretty good distance away. So He is like, oh, what about Razor Fork?


Can they take us up there? And I said, I don't know what He is got for gas. I don't know what his lift capability. So he gets there and he says, listen, I can't take all of you at once, like as in my air crew and the seals back to the top. So slabs like, can you guys just stay here and we'll come back and get you? And I said, yeah, but you know, we're all air crew here and though I am good with my weapon, I don't know what's going on ground guy wise, right? And so I said, can you spare somebody? Don't if you can't. And he looks around and he was gonna give us Chapman because you know, CCT guy would be a good defender. Our position, except they got in a fight.


You know, John doesn't wanna be left behind. He wants to go. So now I'm embarrassed that I even asked. I'm like, just go, go, go. We'll, we'll be All right. You know? So like, All right, but higher command says that you're not leaving the air crew there. There's enemy combatants headed that way. The AC N 30 was supposed to engage them except we get outta there before they had to, they go back to Es they download all their shit and they head back to the top of the mountain. In the meantime, I'm at the fob waiting for them to do it. So they, you know, Jethro re infills them. And there's a whole problem with the AC C one 30, you know, at the time, you know, and these guys, I love them later on in life, but this particular timeframe, I got nothing nice to say about him because they killed Harriman and because they had the fracture side, they wouldn't shoot on top of Robert's Ridge.


So when Jethro's trying to put them in and raise zero four, they're supposed to be pre-salt fire, but they know there's a friendly up there. But we also know where the bad guys are and we're like, hit the bad guy positions. Like, well, there's a friendly up there, we're not gonna shoot. And then they agreed to shoot, but they didn't. So when Jethro comes in, he's taking heavy fire from the dish guy. Damn. And so he breaks off and he comes around the mountain and he's like, you've got to put fires down on that, or I'm not gonna get outta there. And the guy's like, yep, yep. Approved. And they come in and they fly up the mountain like almost like a a go plat kind of thing. They kind of come in, they drop up and they drop in and the AC doesn't shoot.


There's there, i, I know now they were fighting in the aircraft about whether they should support or not, but the aircraft commander, because they'd killed the friendly the day before, just wasn't having it. And so they get 'em in, they do their thing, And I'm not gonna tell their story 'cause that's their story to tell, but Jethro comes back to garde, the aircraft flames out. He has no gas left at all. The engines quit when he lands, he lands. And it's like that aircraft's not going anywhere and it's full of holes, right? There's computers and wire bundles and parts of aircraft that have holes in them that shouldn't have holes. And it's, it took a couple days actually to repair it to get it even flyable back to, to Bagram.


But the people at Bagram don't know that. They just think it's outta gas. So there's some confusion at Bagram as they try to put an internal tank on to fly it down to us to put gas in it, to return it to the fight. And then I get on the phone And I call back to the talk and I'm like, Hey, that aircraft's outta the fight. Oh, All right, pull the, pull the refuel tank back off. Right? So now there's all this confusion of what's going on. And so Razor zero one who had brought me the spare has just arrived back at Bagram. And he's told QR F's got a launch, we got guys on the mountain, Al's been shot down. So the rangers, Nate Self and his guys get on Razor 0 1 0 2 and they head right back, except they think they're coming to me at the Chinook where I crashed, right?


And they actually flew by me. Isn't that AL'S aircraft? Why are we going this way? Why are these coordinates somewhere else? And they don't really know what's going on yet 'cause we haven't been able to talk. And so the flight lead decides that he doesn't know what's going on, he's getting conflicting information. So he sends Razor zero two to es to just sort of let him sort things out and maybe talk to me in person. So they come in, I go running over the aircraft to fill him in. And right about the time Razor zero one gets there, the AC one 30 leaves and he takes an RRP G to the right engine.


So if you imagine the mountain like this, I was on this side of the mountain and was able to take off and dive down. He's on this side of the mountain starting to flare for landing. He loses his engine and he pancakes on this side so he doesn't have the distance to dive over. He's on the objective heavy machine gunfire. The rangers take heavy casualties and the air crews all shot the pieces. Our friend Phil ak, the flight engineer shot just below the, the body armor and he dies on his gun defending the aircraft, the copilot after the fact. Turns out he had like, I dunno, five or six rounds in his armor right at his heart, yeah. Didn't penetrate.


He got shot in the hand. Like he went, he got his M four outta the mount and he goes like this to to fight with it and his hand is his limp. And once again, that's their story to tell. But, so in the meantime, I'm down at EZ and we're, we're building speed balls for them like ammunition, rocks, water, that kind of stuff. And the idea is they're gonna fly over with, with a good chinook and they're gonna just kick the stout stuff out and at least resupply 'em. 'cause you know, they don't have a lot of stuff. It's only half of a a ranger squad, right? The other half's in Razor Reserve two and like four of 'em were killed damn on impact, right?


And the crew chief, the crew is all injured, every one of 'em except one has been shot, you know, only one died, but the rest of 'em are seriously injured. And it turns out everything on top of the mountain kind of settles down and we're gonna go, the guys are gonna go get 'em, not me, I'm down at the the fob and they're gonna go get 'em in the daylight. And then somebody comes up around the backside, shoots 'em up with a machine gun from further than they can shoot their M fours. And that's when Cunningham is hit the p the PJs. And Nate South to commander is on the radio and He is like, we had another one hit.


You gotta get Kabak here or we're gonna lose a guy right now. And I remember when that happened, I looked over at the CIA guys And I said, they looked at me like I knew what was gonna go on. And I said, they're not gonna launch another aircraft. We just lost three aircraft in the same lz. They're not going back till dark. They're like, but that guy's gonna die. And I said, another aircraft, seven crew members on board, maybe rangers, they're gonna wait till dark. And that's what they did. They told him no, he couldn't, couldn't have an aircraft. And you know, Cunningham did die on the mountain there.


So we also had intercepts that the Taliban knew that the air crew were at garde and that all of the shooters had left with the British Chinooks and they're getting ready to do a rescue, right? That's the day the daylight rescue that we're thinking is gonna happen. And so here's this convoy coming, and the guy that was in charge of the fob, it was an alias, he called himself Hal, it, we met, it was like Halal Al Al. And he's like, what kinda weapons do you have? And I said, well, we all got long guns. We all have, you know, six, seven magazines of ammo. We have ammo ruck on each aircraft with, you know, 10, 15 magazines in there.


We had a T fours, each aircraft had one and we each had at least an M 60. So He is like, All right, we can put up a 400 bullet defense. Let's go. So he like something out of a movie almost. He walks me around and tells me how we're gonna do the defense, right? So I go out to the aircraft within my GPS And I mark the, the distance so we can do a range card and we're prepared to defend the Alamo essentially. And they rigged the back wall to blow out because they figured they'll attack the front gate. And we had the, you know, Hilux trucks and stuff and there was a big pit with all the ammunition and explosives for the, for the fob under a tarp. And he's like, All right, here's when we decide to leave, you know, the, this guy's gonna blow the wall.


He says, I need you to climb under the, the tarp and here's the trigger. You pull that, it's a time delay and you come run getting here and we're gonna drive as fast and as far as we can go. And I'm like, oh man, I'm not, I'm not cut out for this. And luckily for us, the AC one 30 did engage them and the, and the convoy turned back so that we never had to find out if I could do that or not. But, so, but here's the next part of the story is they do the nighttime xFi, they pull the, the Ks off. So we've got, you know, rangers Neil Roberts, they found, you know, the, the 160th crew member and they've put them as respectfully as they can on the floor.


They've been, you know, rigor mortis and freezing up there. So it's hard to place them nicely. And they take up a lot of space. And that aircraft is sent to pick me and my crew up. And the crew of razors are four, I'm told be at eight o'clock beyond HLZ Gavin, right? The problem is, a reporter is driving through garde or a car full of reporters and they go through a checkpoint and a guy throws a hand grenade into the car and it explodes. Doesn't kill anybody. But the journalist, the woman who I've since talked to is she's going to die, right? So they drive her to the fob.


Just so happens they come up before, you know, about seven o'clock, maybe seven 30, and the weatherman comes in and He is like, sir, sir, we get the journalist, you know, grenade, you know, I got it, I got it, you know, get the medic right? So I had one of our medics with us and one 60th medic, and he's working on her And I get another phone call, make sure you're out there, you know, in the landing zone. They are gonna be low on gas and I mean low, right? Okay. Usually we exaggerate the gas thing a little bit. But He is working on her. And I mean, her thigh is shredded, she's in bad shape and he's working on her. And I was like, All right guys, look, if he can't stabilize her in time, you go, I'll stay here with him.


So at least he's not alone. And then I'm on him, what do you think, doc? And he's like, I, I'm working on it, sir. You know? I'm like, I just need to know, you know? I mean, do we go here? Are we gonna be here? They need to know. And He is like, I, I think I almost got her, you know, so he does stabilizer, the other guys are out on the lz. We jump on a high lux truck, there's a minefield, you know, luckily the driver kind of knows where it is or he thinks he does. And he's kind of weaving through it, you know, at like five miles an hour in the dark. And we get there as the helicopter lands and I've got all of the mini guns, the com sec, all the sensitive items, that kind of stuff, codebooks or whatever you wanna call it. And everybody's getting on board.


And I'm the last one and I'm feeding equipment up the ramp, right? And the crew chief is yelling at me, sir, we've gotta go, we've gotta go. We're outta gas. I'm like, you're running, you're not outta gas. And he's like, no, come now. And I got the last mini gun on board, I climbed on and there was nowhere to go because my flight engineer had gone on board, tripped on one of the bodies, fell on top of his good friend face to face, you know, and realized who that was. And he, he would go no further. He got up, he snapped his vest into the side of the aircraft, you know, where he can snap in and nobody could go any further forward. So now I had nowhere to go.


So I, I see one little spot And I kind of shimmy myself in next to one of the guys. Ramp comes up, they take off. And as I'm sitting there I realize that's Neil Roberts and fuck man with thigh to thigh, you know, in the back on the floor. And I look at him And I was like, the luminescent dots on his watch, his watch was kind of going like this. And I was like, is he alive? I mean, he was obviously dead, but my mind was playing tricks in the blue light, you know, that was in the aircraft. And then we almost did, we did run outta gas, actually we were landing at a, the 101st had set up a fart for us, except it was super dusty where they set it up and the guys did it, went in, did a go round, did a go round, did a go round.


And I'm, I'm thinking we're gonna run outta gas. I'm gonna be in the middle of the desert, you know, with all the, the Ks and you know, outta the frying pan into the fire. And they get on the ground and the number one engine flames out, that's the one on the left. Just, just like the other Razor did they get plugged in, the other engine's still running. They have different amounts of fuel in them intent intentionally. So that one wheel quit before the other and they got it going, they restarted the engine. We flew back to Bagram and we got off. Now Bagram, we always used to joke was so dark, you know, it was Bagram dark, you know, if you, because you didn't have a real good light because you afraid of getting shot.


'cause there was no fences and stuff back then. And so you had like a little LED light, you know, and you'd actually lose your balance because you didn't have enough reference. But we get there and we're at this well lit airfield and everybody's looking at me like, sir, where are we? Like, I have no idea. I've never been here before. I think we're in maybe Kabul, right? And finally, you know, they take all the kiis off, take 'em to the hospital or where they took a morgue. And I ask somebody, Hey, where, where are we? And they're like, where at Bagram? I'm like, I where at Bagram the airfield. That's the tower. I just never seen the lights on before. And they turn on the lights to make it easy for everybody. So I'm like, Hey guys, we're at Bagram. So we grabbed all our stuff, threw all the, the heavy equipment in a truck and walked back what they call Disney Highway.


It's this dirt road now. It's like a eight lane highway that the Taliban's using. And we get to the, the compound. I remember walking into the, the, the ops tent first to check in, let 'em know we're back. And it was just so surreal to walk in. Like everybody stopped. There was no talking, you know, you could hear the fans of the computers and that was it. And I was like, I'm, you know, I'm back. You know, you get some couple of hugs and then we got a debrief and you know, that kind of stuff. And then what sucked is the next day the guys went out to do a vehicle interdiction. They thought everybody was telling you about F skin, right?


This, they think this is bin Laden. And it ends up not being, but the guys had just flown the entire package except me and one of the other aircraft had flown. And they're like, Hey Al, there's a blizzard coming with weather, just told us it's gonna be here for a couple of days. If we don't get the SF teams outta the mountains, they will die from exposure. 'cause there's no way down. They were put in places where they couldn't get down. I'm like, can't somebody else do it? You know, the other guys had flown that day. There's you and the other aircraft, right? It's like, All right, I'll do it right. And I did not wanna go back out there again.


Holy shit. And here's the worst part. So there's all these teams, right? The last team to come out, you just landed. Yeah. And they're like, yeah, back out. Well, it was the next morning, right? So the, so I got a little bit of sleep. It's, it's daytime when they do the vi. So really I got maybe two hours of sleep and the, you know, we gotta get these guys out and the other guys had flown. And I said, All right, so we, there's a plan on how we're gonna get them outta sequence because we'll take the lightest teams out first and we will have burned off gas each time. Or, or it may not be that, maybe the elevation that makes a difference. So we, we had this plan, the very last team to come out was gonna be the German team.


And here we are getting ready to launch. And the Intel guy comes in and says, sir, the German team says they have armed Taliban on the perimeter with RPGs. And so the AC one 30 planter's there, the colonel. And I said, sir, you need to kill them. He's like, well I can't. I'm like, I mean, you can't. I said, tell the team to mark their position with strobes and anything within 200 meters. You kill it. It's not hard. And they're like, I, we can't, you know, how, how do we know that, you know, they're armed. And I said, they, they're, they have eyes on 'em, right? So I'm at this guy's throat and everybody's just in shock as I, you know, it was this, I think I was a CW three at the time.


I got this guy in his heels. I'm pushing him back like, you will kill them. You, you're gonna do this. You know, and the commander steps in between us. He's like, Al al, it's okay. It's gonna be okay. And I was like, oh, it's easy for you to say back here. I just did this and got shot down and you want me to go back to the same situation with the same AC one 30 and he won't kill the bad guys. And he was all pissed. I said, I'll go with you, I'll go with you. I'll go, you know, screw you. Right? So we, we take off and the Germans never get engaged, but we're headed toward them. And here's the part that really pisses me off. We're like six minutes out, call the C one 30, you know, hey, you know, raises 0 3, 6 minutes, Rogers six minutes.


Hey listen, we're, we're gonna RTB, we're going back to mess. What? Yeah, we have to be back on the ground by sunup. I'm like, I'm six minutes out. You mean you tell me you can't hang out for 10 minutes. You know, I'm, I'm sure you can get back to mess, you know, 10 minutes after the sun comes up and they're like, Nope, gotta go. It's the same thing they did for Taco Gar And I, these conflicting emotions. And I didn't know what to do. And my, my copilot was another flight lead. Achmed is his nickname 'cause of his, how he looks, you know, in that part of the world. What an amazing guy. And he did what no one else could do.


He shamed them into staying. And we picked up the Germans, the, the Taliban had moved away when they heard the helicopters, they didn't wanna get engaged. And we brought 'em back uneventful. And then the next night the new company came in, we did a little handshake, we flew back to Bagram. They took, or back to K two, they took over and we went back home and I was back again in July for another rotation. Damn al. Holy shit. And this, the story's important and that the rest of my special operations career and, and what I put in the book here is a family situation that developed, right?


So while I'm at Godes, the CIA guys that are running the thing go, Hey, here's a SAT phone. You need to call your wife because this is about to hit CNN, you know, they've got word, they're about to air this. I'm like, I can't, you know, 'cause it's, here's, here's the headline. Two Chinook shot down, eight killed. Oh, each crew of four on two Chinooks. There's only two teams of two. I'm the primary flight lead. It's likely to be me by my wife's math. And I said, I can't, that's not how notification works.


And all the wives kind of knew something was up and they were hanging out at the commander's house just like they did during Black Hawk down. And if, think about it, if I called her, even if she didn't tell anybody that I was okay, they would know. You know? 'cause everybody else is like on pins and needles. Maybe it's my husband, maybe it's my husband. And I had been in Desert Storm, remember I talked about the, the aircraft that hit the antenna. One of the captains called back to his wife to say it wasn't me. And he might have even said who it was. And that word got out in the wives network and families were notified unofficially before the actual official notification could occur. So I took one for the team, if you will, and did what I was supposed to do.


I didn't call my wife. And so for roughly two days she thought I was dead. 'cause they didn't know who it was. And she was convinced it was me. And when I finally get back to Bagram after the debrief, I call her on the landline and she's like, you mean why didn't you call me? And I was like, I can't, you know, I can't, she never forgave me for that. And it tied into all of the family problems we had after that Damn man. You know? Do you regret not calling her? No. It was the right thing to do. I mean, could you imagine being the family that does get notified, you know, it definitely is your husband, you know, What kind of family problems?


Well, over the course of 17 deployments, so roughly 10 years, my wife Linda had a prescription opioid addiction, right? So remember she had a suicide attempt when I was in Korea years before. She was doing really well. She was in a great sport with the whole nine 11 thing. Not knowing where I was and not getting hearing from me and that kind of stuff. But then, you know, we have this thing where she, she thinks I'm dead And I don't call her. So she takes it personal that I don't call her. And you know, it's not like this terrible thing that happens, but it's underlying for the entire 10 years, right?


As she gets worse with her prescription and doc doctor shopping, you know? So I'm deploying 'cause I'm a flight lead. I'm deploying a lot. And like I said, I was back that summer and then I was, I did like a three month deployment, came back for a month, went for Christmas, and then so she's dealing with all this and we're shorthanded, you know, and the aircraft are few and far between. 'cause you know, a TF sword task force sword, in the very beginning they got like three aircraft shot to pieces. And you know, we had ours, you know, damaged. So things are challenging and I'm still doing it. And because I'm the flight lead, the senior flight lead at that matter, I've got to continue deploying.


And she's, she's pretending she's okay. She's trying to be okay. She's trying to support me. I kind of know maybe things aren't right, but I'm choosing to believe that she can do it, right. And there were deployments where she did well and other ones that were a little tougher. And then as we lost friends, I lost 23 friends over the course of 10 years that are on the wall. And it's hard, you know? 'cause you lose one Chinook that's, you know, potentially 4, 5, 6 guys, you know, red Wings, my good friend Trey Ponder, you know, was killed. And that one kind of pushed her over the edge because she knew him personally.


You know, the other guys, she knew who they were, but she didn't know him personally. You know, he, he was killed trying to rescue the four man team. But her problem just got worse over time. And you know, it got to the point where I like to say that, so when Bo Bergdahl walked off his, his fob, we did everything we could to, to save him, right? I mean we were, you know, I remember the, the ground force was pissed and this guy's a traitor or whatever, but he's an American citizen and it's gonna be a problem if he gets into Pakistan, right? So we are gonna go rescue him.


We're doing all this stuff. I get some pretty amazing stories, actually. Story I can tell, tell you about later if we have time. But we're, we're flying every night. We're just missing him. Like the intel is just a half step behind. So we're showing up at buildings. He's been in, we find his t-shirt one place. We find his underwear, his socks, you know, some DNA if you will. And we're just a little bit behind. And the Taliban is going old school. They're not, they're not using phones. It's couriers. It's all courier network. And so we're doing vehicle inter day, we're blowing these motorcycles up with the mini guns, trying to stop these guys. But it's time for me to go home. My replacement gets there And I kind of wanna stay, but I know I gotta get home.


I've been on long deployment. And so I fly into Kandahar. We're in customs, very insulting. I hate that, that I have to go through customs. But every once in a while he gets some jerk, puts a grenade in his suitcase, thinks he's gonna sneak at home. So we all have to now get our bags searched. So I'm down there, the mps are walking through my stuff, the customs officer, and there's a phone call. Is there a CW five Mack in the room? What Chief Mack? You out there? Yeah. Right, right here. Right. So I'm thinking it's my wife having a, a meltdown. Like, just as I'm coming home And I get on the phone and it's the o the officer in charge at Sharona at our task force.


And he's like, Al Chad, my replacement had a heart attack and he died. He, you know, Serrano's at like 6,000 feet. MSL This guy used to be a ranger, one of those guys, right? He's a marathoner. He's in great shape. CrossFitter, he goes to the gym right there at Sharona. As I'm leaving, he comes back just before the duty day begins. He sits down on the couch in the planning area in front of a couple guys, has a little seizure, foams at the mouth, and his heart stops, falls onto the ground. He does it in front of our flight medic. And two pilots who also were rangers when they were younger that were medics.


And they do CPR on 'em. And right next door to us, by the way, is what we call the SRT, the surgical resuscitation team. This is four high speed emergency room doctors that can augment any, they can do, they can crack your chest in the helicopter. Right? That's, that's what these guys are for. So they're working on 'em, they throw 'em in the back of a truck. They're, you know, working on 'em, they're hitting him. Poosh, you know, clear. He codes four times. He actually lives to this day, he's running marathons on what's left of his heart. Wow. But I have to come back. So they sent a helicopter to get me, they bring me back, I do that night's mission and now there's no replacement for me.


He was it, right? We're, we're wearing thin. So now I gotta call my wife and say, I know you expected to see me tomorrow. I gotta stay another 120 days. And so in the book, there's a title there, I call it bergdahl Tips. The scales. That's literally, if you could put a mark on the wall, that's when she, you know, she may have been having some trouble maybe swirling the bowl a little bit that picked up the pace, you know, and life got to be hell for her and my family at that point. And so I did the rotation, the unit did the best they could to help her. Like she started cutting herself intentionally, shit.


And the unit commander would take, come over, take her to the hospital. The chaplain was involved, but they didn't tell me. They didn't tell you. They didn't tell me she didn't want them to. This is the, the, the, the power she had. She was able to convince you that it's gonna be okay. You know, let him do his thing. We know that, you know, there's no one else to do it. Who's gonna do it? You know? That seems to be the case. And a lot of the things I do is, well, who's gonna do it? Might as well be me. Right? And so once again, in order to save someone else's family from going through the same thing, you know, being gone that much longer, I did it.


That was probably a mistake in hindsight. But, you know, I get back and now we'd also been in a Yemen, we did a couple of things. So like that year I was gone like 300 days that year on multiple operations around the globe. And like two, what year was this? Well, mostly Afghanistan, but we did some stuff in Africa, in, in Yemen. I can't talk about what year. Oh, what year? I guess maybe 2009, maybe. I'd have to look. I'd have to look in book. Might have been 2009 ish, maybe 10.


And you did stuff in Yemen and Africa and Afghanistan? Yeah. So I'd go from one to to the other, to the other. And, and then that was over a holiday. So, you know, my poor wife, you know, she, she told me she was okay, you know, And I could tell She wasn't, but I, I had to think that she could pull through. And there was like, one night I'm on the Iridium phone, I'm talking to her and it's like, we're having a separate conversation. She's at my mom's house. I said, All right. She went to my mom's house up in New Hampshire. Everything's gonna be okay. She's with family. And I call her just to check in and she starts having a conversation.


She's like in front of my mother. I can hear her side of the conversation. She's talking to me. She's like, oh baby, don't cry About what? She's having a conversation that isn't happening. Like in her mind, this is what's happening to her head at this point with the alcohol and the meds. Right? She was withdrawing from methadone and she'd have hallucinations and she could have conversations and, and experiences that didn't actually occur. So I was pissed. 'cause I'm fine. I don't want my mother thinking there's things worse going than they are. And so I hang up on her And I walk back into the planning area and one of the guys says something stupid to me has nothing to do with this, but something he shouldn't have said.


And I let off on everybody. It was like this place, we weren't flying that night. I was like, this place is a pigsty, the plant area. I said, get those TVs up on the wall. We had the big monitors that we hadn't put up yet. And I said, sweep the floor. It's all dirty, you know, and I'm, you do this and you do this and you do this. And everybody's just kinda looking what happened to him. Right? And so the, the major, the OAC C comes up and say, Al, are you okay? I'm like, no, I'm not okay. And he goes, well, let's talk outside. So we start heading outside and as we go out the door, you know how all the doors had like the sandbags on the string to bring 'em back closed. So I go out and the damn thing catches as I'm opening it And I'm sort of turning around as I'm doing it. And I step on the, the lower step And I fly backwards onto my back onto the, the crush rock on the ground, right?


And I hit with a thud, like a sack of potatoes. Ooh. And the major's like, Al, are you okay? I'm like, no, I'm not okay. I just flew 12 feet and landed it on my back. You know? And luckily that was enough to kind of expend the situation, but I still didn't tell him what was wrong. And so by the time I got back from that, the colonel already kind of knew the battalion commander that something was wrong with me. You know, maybe PTSD, maybe I was just worn out. So he assigned me to the training company, green Platoon, And I became the platoon leader for the Chinook section. And here's where my life turned to hell. So here I, I get this, I, I'm home And I can see what my wife Linda is doing.


And I tell her, you're drinking too much. You're driving while you're drunk, you're going to aa, right? I'm gonna fix this. I'm home now. We're gonna fix this. And she says, okay. And so she drives off to AA and she doesn't come home. So I'm calling her phone, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing. Finally two in the morning the phone gets answered. It's a deputy sheriff. He's like, I'm not supposed to be answering this. Who's this? I'm like, this is Alan Mack. Who are you? Right? He said, well, I'm a sheriff's deputy at the jail. Your wife was arrested for driving while intoxicated. So she had been drinking at the AA meeting and she was too drunk to drive.


And they called the cops on her and she got arrested at the AA meeting and left her car behind. So I took it to Cab out, got her car, brought her back, got, you know, at that point I was like, you're going to rehab, you know, we're gonna fix this. And there's a whole, you know, it's about two years really worth maybe a year and a half of this insanity of dealing with somebody you love and thinking you can, you can cure it, you know, thinking you can control it. But if I left the house, she had vodka hidden everywhere, could be like in the, in the cushions of the thing. And she was augmenting her opioid me medications, which were prescription.


And her behavior was becoming more and more radical. Radical as in, we get in a fight one time and she's like, go ahead, hit me again. And I never hit her ever. And she's like, hit me again. I'm like, what? And she's like, you know, like last time, except this time my doctor has pitch or my lawyer has pictures from last time. I'm like, what are you talking about? And it was like, something out of a, a law and order episode. Damn man. And she's like, remember the last time you beat me? You know, my lawyer took pictures or the doctor took pictures, gave me the lawyer and they're in a safe, we don't have a lawyer, you know, we don't even have a regular doctor. It's Tricare and we definitely don't have a safe.


So I end up calling 9 1 1 on her and she calls it on me, right? And they show up And I, they ask her to send her And I said, send her to the on post hospital. We've been doing the off post hospital, maybe these guys can do something different. You know, different set of eyes. So they go, they convince her to go to, you know, rehab. She does. And it works for a little bit about two weeks, I think when she got out and she went to rehab some form of it, I don't know, six or seven times to the point where the final time she did it and got drunk again.


After that, I went to TRICARE and said, Hey, we don't have any benefits. We've used them up. And they said, yeah, you tricare's not gonna pay for this. I said, if you don't get her into the hospital, she'll be dead in less than a month. And they're like, sorry sir, we can't, can't do anything. And I'd got in a big fight with her where I saw her driving. Like I came home early for lunch or something and she drove up And I saw her at the stoplight. You know, eyes are open, lights out, you know, and she's just sitting there and didn't see me. And you know, she turns down the road, I follow her, I get to the house, we have it out, you know, but you can't argue with a drunk and it just doesn't work out.


And I'm like, stop drinking when I get home tonight. You know, we'll, we'll talk, right? And I said, if you're drunk again, there's gonna be a problem. And I don't know what that meant, but I was mad. I go back to work, I head home, She's passed out on the bed and as I walk in the door, the phone rings and it's my company commander. I was like, Al, where are you? I go, well, you called my house. I'm obviously at home. He's like, how's your wife? You know, he thinks I've gone on and dumped something to her. I said, well, she's passed out on the bed. She had taken my alert roster and called all down the alert roster telling people to tell me not to come home.


'cause wouldn't be a good idea. Holy shit. So now it's in the open, right? It is. No kidding. I mean, a couple people knew before, but now it is wide open. So I grabbed my dog, I grabbed a bunch of stuff, changed clothes, grabbed my two bicycles, you know, my guns put 'em in the truck And I go get a hotel And I move out. And I ended up standing outta the house for about two weeks Now, in the meantime, what did help, I kind of skipped ahead here, is I went to the regiment psychologist to ask for help, which I didn't do soon enough, I don't think they were very helpful, but I didn't do it nearly early enough.


And They steered me toward the Al-Anon family group. So it's like AA, but for the family members, right? And they teach you, you didn't cause it. You can't cure it, you can't control it. And the idea is to get your own feelings under control so that you, if you can help the other person, great. But if you're a wreck, you're not helping 'em. It's like trying to help a drowning swimmer when you're drowning. Yeah. You know, you gotta gotta get ready first. So they were very helpful and they all convinced me, look, you gotta move outta the house. You can't stay there and enable it. So I did. And where Are your sons at? So they're deployed. My, my son of the Navy is actually Vacates Virginia Beach.


And my younger son was a Chinook crew chief in the one 60th. And he's in Afghanistan Already? Yeah. Yeah. So he'd already done a couple of deployments by this time. So this is 2012 on this finally. So They, so your, so your sons didn't have to, it wasn't like a rough home life for 'em. What? I didn't know. They kind of bailed out before. It was like they knew what was going on before I did. Right. And she made them promise not to tell me because she'll get it under control. And you know, they'll bring, you know, him home and then someone else will have to do it. You know, all this big circle of events. Like they tried, I'm not gonna talk, they don't want me to tell about a certain story.


But they tried like hell to get her help. And then when they couldn't, they moved out. Damn man. My youngest, my oldest son joined the Navy and you know, flies f eighteens, he's a w and then the other one, you know, joined Kim crew chief. And I actually helped get him into the one 60th. 'cause I didn't want him flying in a conventional unit. 'cause even though we're, you know, maybe facing the enemy more often, we're much better prepared and equipped for it. So I, if he was gonna be doing it, I wanted him to be with us, you know, and the, you know, the, the chaplain and the, the psychologists were very helpful. The command was very supportive once they knew what was going on. And once again, I should have told them sooner, but I didn't.


I thought I could hide it. I thought I could fix it. And I hear this, I get this, I get emails from guys, they'll read my book or listen to it on the, you know, audible. And they'll find my email address on the website and they'll write me these wonderful emails about, you know, I had the same problem. I thought I was alone. You know, Thank you for sharing that. And you know, it doesn't make things any easier. But, you know, if we can help somebody in the process, which is why I'm okay with talking about it now. I mean, it's hard to talk about, but it is important. I'm sorry you had to go through that man. Yeah, Well Thank you. Me too. But you know, how is steel made, you know, in the forge of the fires, right.


So the command was very, very supportive, you know, and they sent me off. They said, you have whatever job you want. They even were gonna create a job where I would be essentially a Goodwill ambassador. I could represent the, the, the unit with all of the supported units. I could go hang out with 'em. I could deploy if I wanted. I could fly with 'em if I want or not. I mean, that's how supportive they were. And I was like, I just gotta get outta here. You know? And there were really two jobs that I was interested in. One was at Fort Rucker, Alabama. The Asda, the aviation shoot down assessment team. So if somebody gets shot down, a team goes there, like when an airliner crashes like the NTSP, and you figure out what happened, you do the forensics on it, you figure out what could have maybe been different and then recommend, you know, fixes or changes in tactics or whatever.


So that was, I would've been the chief of that division. Or there was this job at West Point, the flight detachment commander. But that's nom like, you have to throw your name in. The superintendent gets to pick. And there was an opportunity to go up to Manhattan to unveil the horse soldier statue on ground zero. And because I had flown them, they asked for me to come up and help unveil the statue, which is a, you know, a horse back on his legs with a green beret on it, with an M four. It's a pretty, pretty neat statue. It's there now, if you ever get down there. We're up there. And, but I get there, I'm thinking, Hey, new York's not too bad. It's pretty, you know, it was a good time of year, September.


It's, I threw my name in the hat. The superintendent picked me. I got the assignment at Guild, learn how to fly Lakota helicopters, 70 twos. And then I ended up, up there. But, and that in itself takes me to a good, a, the good place that I am now. But yeah, there's a lot of other stories in the middle of that. You know, you can find them in the book. I know we've gone a long time, so I mean, I can keep talking or, or you can go to the next phase here or whatever you wanna do. How did it go with your wife? I, well she, so I move out of the, outta the house.


I'm in a hotel with the dog, and which I still have that dog's, 16 years old little Jacob Bee dog. And she makes one final call to me, says, I want you to come home. And I said, I can't. The commander tells me I can't go home. The psychologist says I shouldn't. And I said, if you don't come home, I'm gonna kill myself. And I said, you don't have anything lethal in the house. 'cause I was dropping by every day to check the mail and just, she was always passed out. So she didn't even know I was there. And the next morning I was out looking for a house, a new apartment. So I didn't have to stay in the hotel.


I called, called and called and she'd been texting me and calling me every day, three or four times a day. Come home, come home, come home. I said, not until you're sober, you know, and said, I need help. I said, call 9 1 1, let them take you to the hospital and I'll come support you, but I'm not doing it until you do that. And she didn't. And then, so I went back to the house four or five o'clock in the afternoon. I dialed up my oldest son. I said, Hey, I'm, I don't know what's going on here, but I want, you know, she says things about me. So I'm gonna put you on speaker. I'm gonna put you in my pocket. I'm gonna, you know, you just listening, right? So I walk in, he's on the phone, listening house is quiet, nothing going on.


I walk back to the room, the bedroom. I don't see her air condition's on full. And then I see she's on the floor under a blanket. So I'm like, All right, she's on the floor here. So I pull the blanket up and she is, her skin color is gray and blackish and she's dead. And so I call And I say, you know, Steven, I'm, I'm sorry to tell you this, your mom's not alive. I gotta call 9 1 1. So he hung up, kind of a crappy way to go there on the phone. And I called nine one one and the operator says, are you sure she's dead?


I'm like, look, I'm, I've done a lot of combat deployments. I know what a dead person looks like. Are you sure? Can you roll her over? So rigor was in her arms or out like this. And I had to like, they were like outriggers, you know? And I tried to, no, she's dead. All right, well go out front and wait for the police. Right? So they were there in like a minute because they'd been waiting for her trying to catch her car. 'cause they knew she was out driving around drunk and they were trying to catch her in the act. So the cops were actually like, set up an ambush, if you will, on both ends of the road. And they got there and did their thing. And you know, the medical examiner came, you know, they bagged her up, brought her out in the stokes, you know, the neighbors were all around and it was, it was kind of, it was heart wrenching to hear these neighbors 'cause they thought they could fix her, right?


So they knew we were having problems. 'cause when I was gone, she was bizarre behavior. And they were sworn to secrecy. And they told me about this all afterwards. Oh, she made us promise not to tell because you were doing combat missions and and such. And they're like, we'd take all the alcohol outta the house. We'd come back four or five hours later, wa after watching the house, and she'd be drunker than when we left her. I'm like, I dunno what to tell you. She's got hidden in the attic in the basement. I mean, wherever, you know, she'd call a cab and say, you know, Hey, I'm not actually going anywhere. Just bring me a bottle of vodka. You know, or a bag of vodka, you know? And like when I got there, there were a couple of one gallon jugs and a bunch of little flasks laying around.


She drank it all and she basically drank herself to death. Holy one night. Shit man. So I moved back into the house, you know, we have the, the memorial and all that stuff. You, I knew I needed that change of venue, which is why, you know, I told the regiment, Hey, thanks for the offer for the job, but I'm gonna go one of these other places. And so I put the house up for sale, you know, ended up in New York. And the cool thing about that was, I was probably about the most family friendly commander my guys at the detachment have experienced. And they told me that.


And I told the wives, like the first week I was there, I had the wives come in for breakfast. We had a full kitchen. You know, the hangar was beautiful. And I was like, come on in, talk to me. Husbands can't come. And I said, here's, here's my background. You know, I told 'em about my wife and, you know, they were all, they were all tearing up. I, I told the story And I said, listen, if your husband ever tells you he can't do some event you want to do, you know, you gotta go visit your parents or you gonna go on a trip or you have a birthday party. And he says, oh, the commander says I gotta fly. I said, you call me. I said, because he's gonna know after I tell you this not to lie to you.


That I will never take them away from that. If I can, if I need them, if I must use them, I'm sorry. You can call me. I'll tell you it's yep, it's me. I gotta have 'em. And I'll give 'em back as soon as. And you know, and it was great, you know, we were there, this, this hangar facility in the winter. We'd moved the aircraft to the other side. And so it's an empty hangar. And we'd bring in inflatables for the kids. And everybody had kids and they, you know, you know what it's like. And in the better weather, we'd have a bonfire out back. We actually had a, a big fire ring that we built picnic tables and we had permission 'cause it was really army property on the airport.


So we could do that. I had the state police in my hangar and how I knew I was being successful with the, the camaraderie and the morale that they weren't faking it. You know, like mandatory fun was in the middle of the week. They'd be like, Hey sir, the list of guys, sir, it's, it's good weather today. We got nothing going on tomorrow. What do you think We do a, a family party tonight. Sure. So potluck, everybody come in, we have our time. And it was good. We also had a bunk room in the, in the, in the hangar. So I could just stay there. I didn't have to drive, but I met my wife Patty, my current wife, and she is a bundle of sunshine. She'll see this and she's gonna be, oh, you don't stop.


But everybody that meets Patty loves Patty. And when we were recording, if you will, on the phone, she's like, so where were you on nine 11? Which is a very New York question to ask. And I told her, And I said, you know, a couple weeks later I was in Afghanistan. I was the tip of America's response. And she's like, what? And she didn't know anything about it. So we talk about it, it turns out her stepbrother died in the North Tower. So kinda a nice mesh there, you know, you know, actually I was at, I told you earlier, I, at breakfast, I was at a tunnels to tower event.


I met the sealers. They, her, their son died running from the Brooklyn Battery tunnel to the tower and died. And I do this run every year. And so we're talking and they'd met the, the horse soldiers, if you will. They'd never met me. And they were really, really nice people, you know, and very grateful, nice organization, all that kind of stuff. And that's the kind of thing I do now, is that, so, All right, so I did the, the army thing. So I'm flying the superintendent around, you know, flying to DC flying to see the Secretary of Army, you know, the cadets get in a fight with pillowcase and have batteries in 'em, I guess gets on Twitter. And he gets called down, you know, what the hell?


Kalin, you know, and he's like, sir, so I gotta fly him down there. And I befriend some Firsties, that's seniors right at West Point. So my very first support mission, we fly the Lakota out to West Point. We land, we shut down it's parachute season in, in the, in August. And these two cadets, seniors, they know about me. 'cause one of the guys that was ahead of me was my, one of my instructors, you know, that worked for me. And so they know who I am. I get there and as I'm walking toward the group for the safety brief for the season, they're like, Hey sir, you know, cadet Dave and Chris, you know, I'm not gonna use your last names.


We want you to be our leadership mentor. I'm like, sure. And they run off, All right, yay. I'm looking at this how the guy, I'm like, what, what did I just sign up for? And he said, I have no idea. Right? So essentially, I, I was, you know, they would ask you, you know, come to the house on Friday nights, you know, and, and talk about their career in the military. How do you deal with a platoon sergeant? How do you deal with a warrant officer? How do you deal with, you know, troubled soldiers, you know, whatever it is, leadership questions. And in doing so, they're like, oh, sir, you, you gotta, you gotta do a tandem with us. And I'm like, no, I'm a pilot, but I'm scared of heights, right? And I'm like, there's no way I'm gonna skydive on purpose.


Right? And they're like, oh, come on. Right? So we get through the season, it's almost graduation, and I've had a great time with these kids and the, the, the OIC of the team is this, he's Lieutenant Colonel Green Beret. He comes up, he's like, Al, why don't you do the tandem? The guy is really, it would mean a lot, you know, they'll jump with you. Like, you'll jump on Coach Falzone, he's the, the parachute team coach. I'll jump with you with a camera. We get all these other guys and they'll jump with you. They'll be right in front of you. It'll be great. And we'll drop right on the plane, which is the parade field at West Point. And I'm like, I don't wanna do this, but I will.


It's another one of those. I don't wanna do this, but someone's gotta do it. And in this case, I have to because it's me that they want to jump with. So I do it. And I remember flying up, sitting on the floor of the Lakota, there's no seats in it. We're climbing up to altitude. We're gonna jump from 13,000 feet. And you know, Tom Fal zones, he's hooking me in. He is like, All right. I'm like, yeah, you know, ha, you know, the crew chief are all looking at me. They got their GoPros on. They're waiting for me to, to show some fear, And I am scared to death, you know, but I'm not showing it. And it comes time and we kind of scoot to the door And I gotta sit up basically on the skid, you know, leaned up against the aircraft and say, look up, look up. And we just tip out head first.


And I'm now a licensed skydiver because I loved it, you know? And so I got the, the cadets the next year, the next season taught me how to skydive like the, the coach did. He did a f And we, I, I got to the point where the cadets could coach me, and then I got my A license and then moved on to my B license, and then I retired. So I didn't go any further. But the cadets were a big part of my emotional rejuvenation. So I meet Patty, she's wonderful, you know, we're like sickeningly in love. I mean, we gotta touch each other. We gotta hold hands. It's that whole thing, right? And, and she has kids, you know, her son is in the infantry in the hundred first, and he's already done a combat tour and he's trying to put him for flight school.


And we'll see, see how that goes. And then my stepdaughter lives with us, and my oldest stepson lives in Manhattan, you know, working down there. So great big family. They all get along, you know, my kids, the grandkids, I got, you know, three grandkids with the first son, you know, two girls and a boy. And my youngest son just, you know, gave me a granddaughter son who's four. And it's just amazing, you know? Good for you, man. Yeah. But it, it does go to, to show you, you know, you know, we didn't talk about it in this, in this sitting, but my faith was tested, you know, many times during this process.


And you know, I told you that there was a point where it was so bad, I shook my fist to God And I was like, you know, you know, damn you God, you know, Excuse Me. And I swear things got worse. And it wasn't until I turned back and turned back into that faith that it, it started getting better and did get better. And I, you know, very grateful for that. How did they get worse, The behavior of Linda? Because, you know, she got three DWIs, right? Only one of 'em was she convicted. The other two kept getting extended and she'd get another one. And so just when I thought maybe, maybe we're gonna be okay, you know, I could leave town, I'd go outta town on a training trip, I'd go to New Mexico and she wouldn't answer the phone And I'd have to go home, you know?


I mean, it was obvious something was going on. And so I'd go back. So I couldn't even make a training trip in, you know, in its entirety, right? And guys were starting to notice that gee al shows up, but he doesn't stay, you know? And my close friends, damn man, were good with it. You know? They were like, Al, just do what you gotta do. And there was one guy, one of my, my peers, if you will, had no sympathy for me whatsoever. He is like, well, gee, you know, if his his wife's gonna be a problem, he needs to just get out. You know? And I remember, you know, hearing that thinking, dude, I hope this never happens to you. You know, kind of thing. But, you know, the, The church family was, was very helpful.


You know, there was a point where when I, when I did that, shake my fist to God, they were not as helpful. You know, there's a faction of the church, you know, the physical congregation that was kind of knew what was going on, you know, we were trying to hide it, but they knew and they sort of, instead of helping her, you know, kind of turned against her, turned her backs on her. Yeah. Which was hurtful to her, which then was acted out with, you know, more alcohol, you know. So that's kind of how it got worse. I mean, it, it just got to that point where I had to move out the house. Yeah. And then, you know, once I was away from it, you know, enough physically away from it, where I didn't have to look at it constantly, you know, my mind and my, you know, my soul really got quiet And I get to that quiet place where I could kind of think.


And that's why when she, she gave me the ultimatum to come home now, or else I was finally in a strong enough place that I could say, no, the enabling is done. You know, you're either gonna get better or you're not. And in our case, it was not, you know, and there's a whole, there's really a lot more to that. I mean, we, you know, you can't cover it in the time we have here. And there's some other very interesting things that happen in there. We, we kinda skipped over, but in the interest of time, you know, people can read the book, it's in there. But Is there anything in particular that we skipped over or you want to cover?


I gotta tell you one fun story, right? It's a, it's boberg doll story. It's, we're not done yet. We're not, I'm, we're gonna go back and Okay. Cover a couple of events. Okay. All right. I was talking about with, with your, Yeah, with with, with with Linda. Yeah. And yeah, you know, she just, she, I was married 26 years to her and she gave it her best. You know, she came from a, a rough childhood there, there was a whole background to this, but, you know, the alcohol and the drug, the big thing I want to emphasize to your, you know, listeners is that you don't have to handle it alone. You know, whether it's somebody's drug and alcohol problem or you know, somebody's PTSD or suicide, you know, I mean, look at the, the veteran suicide rate, especially with the soft guys, right?


If you got a problem, find somebody to talk to. Somebody that can relate is what I would suggest. You know, somebody who can't relate may just be like, you know, hey, pull your bootstraps up. But somebody who may have already been there, you know, or knows what you're going through can be helpful, you know? And the interesting thing, so I wanna go way back to Anaconda, right? And this, this is reference to, to getting help. So remember I said I was, I was rescued, came back on the KIA bird next to Neil Roberts. Well, I was back in the states, you know, that week. And I had nightmares, terrible, terrible nightmares, reliving that night.


And, you know, could I have done something different? You know, the RPG coming at me, and then Neil Roberts would be sitting about that far away from me in his kit with the damage that was done to him just looking at me. And I could tell in the nightmare, I could tell that he was saying, why did you leave me? I'm dead. Why did you leave me? So the only way to get past that was alcohol for me, right? So I was, you know, Jack Daniel's, Jim Beam, maker's Mark, you know, I loved bourbon And I had to do it to the point where I went to sleep. So it was a lot of whiskey. And there was a point where I knew that wasn't right.


You can't, you can't put the nightmares away with alcohol. So I went to the shrink, the regimental psychologist, And I told him everything, everything. And I said, can you look in my assessment records, my psychological profile, and tell me if I did what you guys predicted, you know, am I what you want in A Night Stalker? He looks at it, he's like, well, this is an old test. We don't really use this one anymore. And it doesn't really select people. It's more like a, an elimination tool. Like if you, you know, have a certain set of behaviors or thoughts that we don't want, we just won't take you.


But they aren't necessarily, oh, this guy's the right mindset, we'll take him. But what he did say is that there's a, a series of data sets, data points, right? And so think of these columns. It's like, you know, integrity, you know, here, you know, honesty here, bravery here, stupidity here, you know, whatever, how you prioritize things and, and they categorize it, right? And I'm, I'm butchering this, but you get the idea. There's different character traits. And he says, you have the classic night stalker check mark. And I said, what's that? And he said, when you connect like the first four dots, there's like this high one, a low one, and then you go high again, you stay high.


Like if you draw a line between this check mark, he said, some of that's, that's the, what they found is you don't care about the rules when someone's life is on the line. So for example, what they found is that people that are in aircraft emergencies like Sully, right? Miracle in the Hudson, this is the great example of it. They wanted him to turn in and go toward an airfield. They kept giving him headings to Teterboro, to LaGuardia. And He is like, not happening. I'm going in the river. And they try and talk him out of it, but he knows and he just does it, right? And so in military aircraft situations, same thing.


You can, you can pull the guts outta the engines and tear it up and save the aircraft, but destroy the aircraft, destroy the aircraft, but save the occupants. If you're this check mark kind of guy. Then we still had a couple of Night Stalkers that had most of the check mark, but that low point, And I can't remember what the category was, but it was like, basically concern for getting in trouble was more up here. And we had a guy, for example, in a, in an MH 60, he got on a brownout landing. There's a, what we call bitching Betty is the voice warning system. And she bitches at you if you're, you know, too low or too much power or low rotor. And this guy was in a dust cloud in a, in a black hawk.


And he starts pulling power to get out of it. And he's in surrounded by trees and bitch. And Betty says, low rotor, low rotor, low rotor, and he gems the power down and he has a hard landing and the aircraft is severely damaged. So they go back to the black box and they look at it and they find out bitch. And Betty was wrong. You know, the rotor was fine, but because he was worried about getting in trouble for, you know, maybe drooping the rotor and, and settling with power, he purposely put it down in a situation where he wasn't ready to do. And I said, that's the difference between the two.


It's not that, you know, there's nothing wrong with that kind of guy, it's just that's who you are. And you know, when it came time to go get Roberts, you know, with no mini guns and all that stuff, you know, I turned back in and we're gonna, we're gonna go get him. It wasn't until I knew it was useless, it was untenable. I mean, we would, we could conceivably crash on top. And in my dreams, at least, he doesn't die alone. But we all die, the rest of the seals die and my crew dies, you know? So I made a choice. One guy, we're gonna go over here, Razor zero four might be able to get him. But in, in doing that, he kind of reinforced that I was, I was normal, you know, these dreams, they're normal for somebody who experienced what you experienced.


And I said, listen, I gotta tell you, the guys across the street, the other pilots, they're in just as bad as shade. And they won't come here. I mean, I'm just to the point where I'm drinking myself to sleep. I don't know if they are, but I know they're all emotionally messed up from that whole thing. I said, you gotta make it mandatory. And so I went, he said, I can't do that. So I went to the commander, the company commander, I said, And I told him the whole situation And I said, sir, you can make it mandatory. So he made it mandatory for everybody to go take their turn with a psychologist and minimum 30 minutes and took in order to keep things going, they could go for an hour. Everybody stayed the full time, the whole hour. And, and many of them came back and they told me, you know, a week or two later, Hey, thanks for doing that.


I was mad at you for doing it, but it helped, Man. Good for you. Yeah, good for you, Man. So, so once again, it's that whole, you know, you gotta ask for help. Knowing when to ask for help, I guess is the issue, right? Because you can't have everybody, you know, oh, I'm, I'm stressed, I need help. Yeah, we're all under stress, you know, so there's, there's some, you know, some subjectivity to that I guess. But you gotta know when that isn't. It needs to be available. So when you do decide you want help, Yeah, you Do it, you know, and you can't have the stigma of, oh crap, Al went and talked to the shrink, you know, but I knew they were all messed up too. Good for you, man.


Let's, let's go back to Red Wings. Yeah. Can you talk about your experience with the, with the recovery? So first to know about Red Wings, it's a conventional operation. Again, we're not even part of it at all. And they decide they're gonna, they're gonna bring Marines into the base of the Koal Valley, right? In the Kunar Province. They're gonna go after a guy named Ahmed Shah. The problem is, well twofold. One is you never know the pattern of life of who's where, is the, where's the targeted individual? What building is he in, right? Because you know, when helicopters come, people run, you know, they don't tend to stand and fight.


They run. So there's squirters, they squirt off the objective. So we need eyes on the, the village to determine pattern of life and see if we can identify where Amish High is. And then the Marine Corps helicopters are not capable of getting the Marines into the valley, right? 'cause you gotta go up over the, you know, 12,000 foot ridge lines and drop down. And even in the valley it's, you know, 8,000 feet. And the aircraft don't have the performance, not the pilots can't do it. The aircraft doesn't have the performance to do it from where they have to do it. Hey, the one 60th is not doing anything right now. Maybe they could fast rope our guys in, right? The Marines are fast rope qualified.


So they send the mission up to us. Our battalion commander is not happy with it. Fast rope. You know, earlier in his career as a young lieutenant, he'd been on a fast rope mission as a pilot, and a ranger got hung up at JRTC and his miles gear and died, you know, fast roping in the trees. So he was really against doing this. And so we're gonna do it. So we do a rehearsal, you know, as far as we, we call 'em elevators, right? We, we go out to Jalalabad and the Marines do, you know, up and down they slide down the ropes a couple times. They're current, they do a tower, the whole thing. And so they're gonna go in, that's, that's the concept of Red Wings.


And they're gonna, the eyes on are a four man SEAL team that's gonna go in the night before they're gonna move into position and observe pattern of life. That's Marcus Latrell. And, and the, and the boys. And so here's, here's what happens. So there's two versions of Chinook there. I mean, I've kind of alluded to the, the emo, the dmo and the, and the g And I was flying emos, right? So the EMO is a much more capable aircraft. I can go places the other aircraft can't go. But that equipment has a weight factor to it, a penalty, if you will. So the D models, the mhd, right? They have a refueling probe, the whole deal that looks just like us, but they can lift about 1500 pounds more at that altitude.


No question. If you're gonna move a bunch of marines in, you want the D models. So they're currently on QRF, quick Reaction Force. And we do it for like a week at a time. And we do a little a handover, you know? And then the other two guys, you know, are always around, ready to go. They're not out on missions, they're just prepared for when somebody has a bad day, they're run, jump in the aircraft and go, so the DMO running right now, right? And they're gonna do Red Wings and their flight lead is, is doing it, and I'm the flight lead of the other two. So they go, okay, listen, we're gonna change over, they're gonna fly in the four man team, the D models are, and then they're gonna come back and the next morning, next cycle of day, they'll observe and at night we'll do Red Wings, right?


And that day at like say, I'll call it 10 o'clock in the morning, we're gonna switch over QRF. So I now will assume those duties and the Delta models that had it will now become the entire Red Wing force. They had seven D models and two echo models. So we go to bed, turns out the team is compromised. That, once again, that's their story to tell, but they, they call for help and they decide to go launch the QRF. So this is gotta be, when we get, get the word, it's gotta be about nine 30 in the morning. And I'm showered, I got my uniform on, I walk over to the, you know, the planning area, the talk, the operation center to see, you know, how things are going on.


You know, how's Red Wings gonna go tonight? And everybody's looked at the big screen TVs, right? So I get my coffee, I come sit down next to the colonel, everybody's quiet, no one's talking. I'm like, sir, what's going on? He goes, the SEAL team was compromised. They requested the QRF. I'm the.