
The Jack Welch Management Institute at Strayer University helps you go from, I know the way to, I've arrived with our top 10 ranked online MBA gain skills you can learn today and apply tomorrow. Get ready to go from make it happen to made it happen and keep striving. Visit strayer.edu/ Jack Welch MBA to learn more. Strayer University is certified to operate in Virginia by Chauvin as many campuses, including at 2121 15th Street North in Arlington, Virginia.


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA Live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Sarah Adams, welcome back. Great to be here. We have a love-hate relationship. I love seeing you and having you on the show. And then every time you leave I'm pissed off about everything you're talking about. So we had a, what earlier this week actually was. Yeah, it was this week. You posted something about the Pentagon getting pissed off at you and sending you in an email that they don't appreciate you disseminating open source information and that you're not doing it through the proper channels. What is, so we're gonna dive into that. That's why thank you for rushing out here. I wanted to get that, I wanted to get that immediately. And so we're gonna crank this out, what, in like three days, but, but anyways, and then we got a whole slew of other topics to go over.


But for those of you that don't know, this is your third appearance on the show. We already have a fourth scheduled for later in 2025, but Sarah Adams, co-author of Benghazi Know Thy Enemy, A Cold Case Investigation, former CAA, officer Libby and Crisis before, during and after the nine 11 attacks. Counter-terrorism analyst targeter for the CIA senior advisor on the select committee on Benghazi, NGO Official, working across multiple conflict zones, including Afghanistan, Ukraine, and Sudan. Known to be 10% humanitarian, 90% warlord. Lord, Just kidding. That's me. But, but hey, I heard you call my, I heard you mention that my new, I just hired this guy, my new head of production, he said he looks like a terrorist.


Please don't fucking kill him. I really, really need him here. So if you could just refrain from that, that would be, that would be great. It's dark in here and he walked in. Oh boy. You don't have his address yet, do you? Oh, I could have it by the end of the day if I really wanted it. Perfect. Perfect. Well anyways, so let's dive, let's just start with the Pentagon stuff that I read your tweet. And actually let's start with open source information. Just for the audience, can you describe what open source info is? Open source intelligence? Yeah. I mean a lot of people get confused about this. I've even noticed in our past interviews, right?


So like our Benghazi investigation, we've collected this entirely ourselves, right? So we are the ones on the ground getting the information. So it's obviously not classified channels, right? We're not going to foreign militaries, You know, we're not going to the intelligence community and getting this information so it's publicly available and we can basically share it with whomever we want because it's completely unclassified. So what we do is when we get threat information, we pass it to where it belongs. Sometimes the threat is against a foreign government. So we'll send it to maybe like the ambassador at the embassy in Washington DC and then sometimes a threat is against us. And so we recently got some threats against US embassy.


So we've been reaching out to the embassies to let the ambassador know and then Of course to let the RSO know, right? The regional security officer who would be in charge of security at those embassies to let them know. And so when I reached out to one of them in Africa, I got a nastygram back from the Pentagon that I didn't go through formal channels to share the information, which is ironic 'cause it's unclassified. But the crazy part is they didn't ask anything about the threat. They didn't say, You know, anything about the sourcing, where we got it from. They didn't show any concern at all for the personnel at the embassy. They just cared that I gave them something. Well, I don't, I don't understand how the Pentagon would not be concerned with the safety of, of Americans at an American Embassy.


And the only thing they're concerned about is the information that you're collecting. Open source. Exactly. And remember, there's DOD personnel. There's a hundred percent DOD personnel at the embassy I'm talking about. So that's the crazy part, right? Instead of just reaching out to me and saying, Hey, this is really in interesting information. Can we work together? You know, we'd love to hear what you have. Come sit down with our team, You know, let's see how we can get ahead of this threat. Like they got mad that I gave it to the State Department, which is who you would give a threat to the embassy to What? Can you talk about the, the actual threat that the, that the Pentagon doesn't seem to think is important? Yeah, I mean, You know, I've talked previously about Al-Qaeda planning embassy attacks. Obviously I've talked about they're planning an attack, IBA CO and Mali.


So this is another location in Africa where they're planning the attack. I don't wanna give up everyone I know because You know, then you get into sourcing. Obviously everyone I know I will pass to the US government, especially the State Department. So I don't hold onto threat reporting, but it's just Al Qaeda has all these waves of attacks planned. Okay? If you've read our October 7th know thy enemy report, You know, this all started with the Hamas attacks, right? That was one of Al-Qaeda's planned attack and we can talk more about that one later. So they have kind of like these waves against Israel and then they have like waves against Europe, waves against US waves to create the Islamic caliphate, right? So a lot of the African plotting, for example, is the waves to create the Islamic caliphate.


So the Islamic caliphate is basically obviously Afghanistan, Syria, that's why they've trained a lot what's going on right now. Iraq, they're in a dream world, they have India on it, and then it's like all of North Africa. And then in a future phase it then goes up into Spain, right? Like in the olden days. So it's just all their plots they have in place to to, to put into motion these elements. And so their embassy plots for example, are, they have some in Africa and then they have some in Europe, and then they have some in the Middle East, all for a different purpose. The Middle East is to push us out for the Caliphates, the Africa is to push us out for the Caliphates and then the Europe, right, is just to go after.


And then that'll go on with the homeland attack too. But the Europe is just to target the US for its involvement in the Middle East. Do they have a, what do they have a priority list? They don't exactly have a priority list. Like they're all waves and some can be concurrent. What matters is how long it takes to train attackers, right? So the Hamas attacks was like less than 1500 guys, right? They actually initially planned to train them from August 7th, 2022 to October 7th, 2022. They ended up pushing the attack a year. And so they ended up with more training, which helped the attackers because as Zary, here's assassination.


So then the US Homeland, for example, they wanna use a thousand terrorists, right? So that took time to put the thousand through the pipeline. Syria, they train 10,000 terrorists to send to Syria. It takes time to put 10,000 terrorists to the pipeline, right? So it depends on the size and the camp capacity and then the type of training, right? Are you putting 'em through suicide bomber training? That's its own camps and that's about 20% of the camps they run. Are you putting 'em through advanced urban warfare? So it just depends on what camp you're going to. And then even some of the camps are broken down by ethnicity. Like they might not put Libyans in the same camp As they put Somalians or Syrians. So some camps are broken down if you're Arab or not.


So it really is just gonna depend on those capacities. You know, these guys, I remember, I think it was you that posted a video of, of an Al-Qaeda training camp and they were, it was almost like a display, it looked like a well done YouTube video of skills. Is that, is that common? Yeah, but that's a step down. So that's, That was really, yeah, fucking Good. That's Taliban, those are the Taliban camps. Excuse me. So we can't get those kind of videos of the Al-Qaeda camps. As you can imagine, you can't even bring phones into the Al-Qaeda camps. So yeah, so Al-Qaeda is even a level above those. I mean, I'm gonna overlay that video for the audience to see just how sharp these guys are getting, right?


I mean, that, that's really fucking good. Well, remember when I saw that it scared the shit out of me. Remember their life is, they train all the time. Yeah. So if, if that's all you're doing all day long, I mean you're gonna get really competent at it. And then they have different emotions behind it too. And You know, different beliefs and the religion behind it too, which makes you more devout. And then we had a little brief discussion about suicide, the invisible bomb vests downstairs. Can you go into that a little bit? Yeah, I mean, You know, it's kind of one of those things that keep you up at night, right? You know, when we're talking about the threats to the homeland, You know, if you subscribe to the Newsletter, Sean Ryan's newsletter, go to Vigilance Elite.


So For everybody that doesn't know already, Sarah writes a weekly intelligence report, all things terrorism. It's in the Sean Ryan Show newsletter. You can go to sean Ryan Show dot com, there's a signup link, it'll be in your inbox every Monday. So we first talked about what they call the invisible bomb in the newsletter. And basically it was highlighted in December, just this last December, And it was Al-Qaeda's in the Arab Peninsula. So they're, they're branch in Yemen, right? And they basically were showing off, it's really interesting, the video got taken down right away. And then I think most people in the US didn't even see it. So like T s a completely ignored putting out the actual piece of the video that mattered.


And so the big piece of the video was teaching terrorists how to make a bomb that goes through magnetometer. So You know, like most airports in the world, you don't have that weird hand scan thing. You just go through a random metal detector. So this bomb basically goes through the metal detector. Okay? So they were showing enough then, well now Al-Qaeda's advanced and it's in a suicide vest. But the interesting part is it doesn't just go supposedly through the metal detector. They made it with components. Dogs aren't trained on to sniff. So, so if you say, okay, well, we'll up our security and put more dogs, Al Qaeda saying, well we've defeated that too, and this is the type of vest they plan to use potentially in their homeland attack that's coming up.


So it's very concerning because we aren't prepared for that. I mean, most of the buildings you go into, even if they have some sort of thing, it's already defeats that. I mean, I don't think we're prepared for anything that's coming, right? We're not, I mean, do we have any preparations at all? I mean, from what I've seen, we have no preparations. We've, we're gonna get into more about the funding of Taliban. I mean, we're funding our own demise here. I mean we, have you seen any positives? Is anybody doing anything? No. And actually Al-Qaeda makes a joke outta the fact that they move the money we give to the Taliban, to the camps that train the homeland attackers, right?


So it's almost like an insider joke. Like, yes, we are forcing America to fund their own attack. So that is the plan too, that the money will go back to us and our government and then that makes Americans also look at our government like it's an inside job. You knew it, right? And so Al-Qaeda's gonna play that game, which is really interesting. Al-Qaeda found the Building seven conspiracy stuff. Fascinating. And they have actually had discussions about how can we could do ruse and bring in the building seven people to make them blame their government more. So they're actually even looking at our conspiracies and targeting those people for the homeland attack. So basically those people almost back Al-Qaeda as revolutionaries and rebels and heroes against our government.


Kinda like how, how the Hamas supporters do it. I, all right, so we have a list of stuff to go down here, I think since we're Unfunding the Taliban, let's start there. But You know his, you broke that news first you broke 40 million a week, was going to the Taliban funded from State Department or funded from State Department to all these different NGOs. Then our mutual friend legend came on, he broke that. It was actually 40 to $87 million a week. Then, You know, we're also, Scott Mann has confirmed it. Former Green Beret, Lieutenant Colonel retired, then me and Scott went to Vienna to interview Masu, who is the, You know, every, for everybody that hasn't seen that, that's the leader of the, the, the commander of the Afghan resistance.


And he confirmed it as well. And so we've actually put a petition out. I just looked at it this morning as 382,000 signatures. I'm gonna link the petition below again to spin that out again. And we sent that to McCall. Nothing from what? From what I understand, not one fucking thing has been done. Why do you think Congressman McCall hasn't done it's 'cause You know, I see these reports, he was drunk at the airport. Maybe he's just too drunk to actually do anything. Or maybe he's too busy. You know, as the other story I hear about him all the time is the insider trading shit, has he done anything, anything at all?


No, the problem is it's kind of like they bring these people in front of Congress, they give him five minute sound clips, right? They make a little bit of news off it, but there's no then action or there's no plane to do any accountability. And then they say, yeah, Americans, we did what you wanted. We brought Tyler Andrew Vargas on, right? But what has he done for him since it happened? Right? And this is the big problem of Congress. You know, people say these Congress people aren't doing their jobs, but they keep voting them back in, right? Like we complain about them, but no one's actually holding their feet to the fire to do their job. I honestly don't think we're gonna get anything effective against the Taliban, right? I mean, your congressman, You know, representative Berger, he put the money to stop the money, the bill to stop the money going to the Taliban.


It's sitting in the Senate. I don't think anyone's picked it up. Nancy Mays tried to do the bill to actually designate the Taliban a terrorist organization. I heard a number of Republican Congress people reached out to her and gave her a hard time about it. So that's completely dead. We can't even get our congress people to call them. It's terrorists be heading people. What is why, what's behind that? My theory is we have some people who haven't thought this through because of the Ukraine War and they think we can especially use someone like Raja Haqqani as a ate to Russia, that there's no other explanation for the amount of money we're putting into this. Because it's not just up to 87 million a week.


That's only the money we fly into cobble, right? We send money other ways. Another one really great example is we fund the Taliban's political office in Qatar. That's not the 87 million, there's at least 10 million that we just pay their operating expenses a month million completely separate. 10 million. Yeah, we've been doing that since 2013. So this is not a new thing. We've been funding the Taliban, right? We were funding them while they're killing our soldiers. While we may have won this election. The fight to restore a great nation has just begun.


Now is the time to take a stand. And Patriot Mobile is leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile helps support the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life in our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their 100% US-based customer service support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code SS. Switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend your freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


If you take your health as seriously as I do, You know how important hydration is. That's why I want to tell you about Hoist. Hoist is made in the U S A and has three times the electrolytes and half the sugar compared to other sports drinks with no artificial dyes or preservatives. Hoist is on military bases globally serving war fighters and operations and training I wish I had had. Hoist is an option for hydration during my military career, especially the brand new flavor they just released Five Star Punch through December 31st, 2025 Hoist is donating a minimum of $10,000 to Folds of Honor a nonprofit organization that provides educational scholarships to family members of fallen service members or first responders. Hoist is now available in all Publix locations. You can use the store locator on their website to find a store near you. Or you can purchase directly from drink hoist.com where you can use my code SRS to save 15% on their website. Go check out their website, that's drink hoist.com and use my code SRS to save 15%.


It's seeming more and more like we're about to hit an inflation cycle. Like we saw in the seventies, president Reagan once said that inflation is as violent as a mugger, as frightening as an armed robber and as deadly as a hitman. And I couldn't agree more. The price of gold during the last inflation cycle during the seventies was a saving grace for a lot of people that were trying to protect their savings.


That's why I want you to go to Sean likes gold.com to learn more about my partners over at Goldco. They're a great company, impeccable customer service. And for my listeners, they're gonna give you a free gold and silver kit where you can learn about how precious metals could help protect your money. And lucky for you, you could also get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. To learn more, call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold or visit sean likes gold.com. That's 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. Or visit sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


I just don't, I just don't, where's it hung up in the Senate? Have you heard any? Well, I think like who's Holding it Up? Well, I don't know if someone's holding it up. Basically a senator, hopefully a grouping of them are supposed to pick it up and then they shepherd it through the process like they sponsor it. I don't think we've seen anyone pick it up to sponsor it. What else should I be asking you about funding the Taliban, You know? Well another thing is, You know, just a couple updates from last time. You know, obviously the money hasn't stopped, but You know, we found out, so the Taliban has a Supreme leader, right? Hi Betula Ada. And we found out his budget just for his office is 48 million a year.


Think about that. It's a Taliban commander. That's just the budget for his office. Like to run. Like, I mean how much does this, how much do you pay to run this a year? So we actually basically counted kind of the bags of money that go to him, You know, from these weekly deliveries. And he's getting, he gets a small cut compared to like Sage Adina, Connie who probably gets five, six times what he gets. But we're giving him about 3 million a month. So we're almost funding his entire office. The US government is with counter terrorism dollars, right? Holy. The, the problem with this is, is we're basically playing both sides of the Taliban and they're playing a ruse on us. So hi Bula is what you call the Kandahar Taliban.


That's just that original Taliban. The Muah Omar was in that founded the Taliban in like the mid nineties. Okay? Then you have the Haqqani network, right? Sra, Idina Kani, his father was Al and Haqqani. We famously backed him doing the Mujahideen era. So these are kind of two of the senior leaders besides Muah Omar's son. Okay? And the US plays them off of each other, but they don't, we think we're effectively playing them off of each other. But they communicate almost every day through Telegram. They do all their approvals together, they share information, but they use this fake kind of battle between them.


So when they sit down with the Americans, they can say, oh yeah, here's the political crisis going on between the Kandahar Taliban and the Haqqani Taliban. And then America wastes a ton of time on that. And then they ignore the terrorism. They ignore, You know, the, all the, the murders going on, apartheid against the women, right? So they're basically making us focus on an issue that doesn't even exist. Wow. Wow. Let's, oh, and then one other thing too that's really interesting. So You know how we have old Manali and Haqqani, right? He's one of the most famous people at the time. You know, he as a brother, his name is Kil, okay? So this is SRA Jin's uncle.


So his job in the Taliban is, he's the head of refugees. So he has this really interesting scheme, we've put a lot of work into it since last time I was here. And what he does is he goes to basically the pot of money that we give for humanitarian. So this isn't the counter-terrorism dollars. 'cause the money that 3 million High Bula gets is our counter-terrorism dollars. Well, Khalil goes right after the humanitarian dollars and what he does is say I need, he, he collects 5 million a month in this one that we ran down. So he goes and says, I need 5 million a month. This money goes to Afghans returning from Pakistan to be resettled in Dhar. What he really does with the $5 million is he gives it to basically another one of his family members, Abdulaziz Ani.


And he brings in and drops it off at Al-Qaeda training camps. And that's a humanitarian dollars. And so they're basically lying and saying it's going to refugees. And I guess it is, it's going to foreign fighters from foreign countries. There's libyans in these camps, but it just goes and gets delivered directly to terrorist camps. You know, I just, how do we, I mean we've abandoned the Afghan people. We're funding our own demise. What, what would you like to see? I mean, do you think we should be, I, I feel really bad for our allies over there. You know, that we trained alongside with, we fought with, You know, for what, 20 plus years and we just left them out to dry, left all of the intelligence there, left the biometrics, left their addresses, left their fingerprints, left their names.


And they're just getting assassinated in record numbers. And You know, I mean how do, do you think we should be funding the NRF? So I think we should fund a coalition of the resistance. So if you just do the NRF, in my opinion, and I hope I don't upset people, you can't win, right? Right. The NRF is is mostly the taji because you also have to bring in the post and resistance and then, You know, hazar is like, you need a resistance of the different ethnicities and groups. That's how the Libyans actually did it and were successful, right? So you have to have a coalition or like a external government formed and I think that's what we fund.


And then we're funding multiple pieces of the resistance. 'cause each of them have different access in different areas, right? Each of them will be successful in different ways. Even the women's movement alone right? Has its own insider things you can take advantage of, right? So I do think we shouldn't pick just one resistance group. We should tell them come together and You know, and we're here to back you. Is there, I mean that's after my interview with Mass, I, I dug in a little bit more and I, I didn't, Scott did and you did and you guys are the ones that feed me all that information. But it, it sounds like that, are they working together at all yet? Because it seems very compartmentalized And it, it is.


They need to get their shit together. It it, it's getting a little frustrating. Yes, they need to get their shit together. But I do think privately they do work a little closer. They have a public thing they do once a year. It's a Vienna meeting, it's not enough. I do see a little more collaboration between groups than, than people see, but I do see a lot of them undercutting each other. They do a lot of gossip, right? Like this person works with the Iranians, this person works with the Russians, right? And they're not thinking, hey, we're a united front against the Taliban. You know, like our near term goal is to defeat the Taliban.


'cause even some of them like are focused on their regions and they might not even wanna be Afghanistan if the Taliban falls, they might want to own region, right? So we don't have a catalyst yet to even pull all them together. Unfortunately, at least in the Libyan revolution, every single person wanted Gaddafi dead. And every single person, even the terrorists right? We're like, our goal, our immediate goal is to take him out, right? And they all came together with that immediate goal. But we don't actually have something like that in Afghanistan. And I think that's one of the complaints that has always occurred over the years. There are even pieces within, You know, the, the Afghan community that have always downplayed the Taliban.


So when I caught the number two of the Taliban muah barer, right? So we caught him in Pakistan. He was in Pakistan in custody. Well when the Afghan government reached out to us, they didn't reach out to render him and put him in Bagram. They reached out and said you need to release him. Why did you detain him? So think of how that makes the government look at Afghans. It's like, well you don't really think the taliban's that much of a threat. You're asking him to release the operational leader the number two of the Taliban, right? So we still have this problem where a lot of people still sit at the table with the Taliban, right? Zos really great example. So we also need to do something with these Taliban sympathizers 'cause they're gonna keep undercutting any kind of resistance.


And I do think they're a part of keeping people split too. So yeah, they all have to come together and You know, I've honestly had said this frankly to people. So, You know, Al-Qaeda's planning a homeland attack. And I've actually said to people in the resistance, if that attack happens and you guys haven't come together and you can't show us you're capable force, we're going to Pakistan, right? I'm gonna call, I'm gonna call up the Pakistanis and say I need, I'm gonna give you a lot of money to take out Hamza bin Laden. I'm not gonna call the resistance because you guys are in fighting. You didn't come together. So I do think they need to come up with a plan even in Haiti after those gangs took over, like right away they're like, oh, we, we made this interim council.


Right? Like that matters to the west. It might not matter to the people fighting and doing tax every day against Taliban, but you need some sort of united front to get recognition. Who do you envision would take control of that? Would it be Massoud? I would like a power sharing agreement obviously. You know, I, I like NRFI really like General Zia, so I, I I would probably lean a little more towards him. Like I said, I don't really like to pick sides though. I think you can have leaders across this doing multiple things. Even if you think about the Libyan revolution, you can't name a guy. You could name the guy who set up the council. Usam Jul, but you can't name the commanders.


There was no head commander. Right? Like they all ran certain pieces of it. And I think that's what it needs to be. Well they're gonna be watching this and they're watching this show like they're on it, but, Oh yeah, well, You know, the terror watch it more. So. Yeah, Well I found that out. They started tweeting about it, but on X, which yeah, it was kind of, You know, unsettling. But, You know, I, I'm interested, there's another thing that you kind of brought up. Why is the, why did the UN invite the Taliban to talk about climate change? Do they, are they, what is that? So the UN essentially wants to recognize the Taliban, right? But there's, every time they try, women show up and protest and, and so they're now trying like, it seems odd ways to do it and they're like, let's bring 'em to the table on the climate, right?


Because people agree on that. So it's just the UN's way to keep kind of opening the doors more and more to the Taliban because the intent is to recognize that government like the UN is not planning anything that I've seen to basically go after the Taliban. Remember they, we talked about this previously. They gave up the restrictions on some of the Taliban senior leaders travels. That's how Rajina Kani got to go to the Hajj. Right? The UN security council allowed that. So yeah, this is just another step in their process to recognize the Taliban. So they don't So this this is, this has nothing to do with climate change. No, it doesn't. This has everything to do with just come On.


You lived over there. They burned. Yeah, they burned shit every day. Yeah. They burned tires to keep warm. I remember spitting in the sink in winter and my spit was gray. Yeah, how bad it was. So just Not at the edge of the climate change problem. Yeah, I mean it sounds ridiculous, but, but the but the audience doesn't know that. And so that's why I want to bring that up, You know, is is is it, it has nothing to do with climate change. It's only to It's politics. Yep. So let's move into Bin Laden. Let's move into that. Yeah, I mean since I was on the last time the Western press finally broke, he's alive.


The interesting part is the US still won't print it, the US press won't, but what happened is, interestingly British intel leaked it to their press. Really? Yeah. And from what I'm hearing, they did it because they were upset that, so apparently the CIA has been trying to curb the US intelligence community and even trying to curb the Brits saying Hams is not alive, don't talk about Hamza and base of the Brits are like screw you. And they put it out in the press. The funny part is the US press still didn't pick it up. So the US press still went to the CCIA A and CCIA is like, don't print it. So it went, You know, all over the world. It was all over in India, all over in Africa. And it didn't print Here, hold On. Why does the ccia A not want that out?


Because they don't believe Hams and Milan's alive. Excuse Me. I know how So he's like running Al Qaeda, he's hosting meetings like every week. Why don't, do they really not believe that or I think they, is this just to cover their tracks? I Think they really don't believe it. But then they put no effort in the last couple years to be like, well we should run it down and maybe reverse our assessment. And remember the same thing happened after Benghazi, right? We knew Al Qaeda was there in real time and then they all went down some weird fake protesting. But then CIA never changed their assessments when they knew Al-Qaeda was on the compound. Right? So sometimes it's almost impossible to get the ccia a to reverse an assessment.


So for those that don't know, Hamza Bin Laden is Mar he's basically the catalyst here. He's he's, he is marrying into all these terrorist networks. We discussed this on your previous interview, but just to summarize it, he is kind of uniting them. The common goal is to come to the west, terrorize the west. How is this guy different than his father Osama? Yeah, Hamza is a problem. So it's really interesting. So Osama Bin Laden, first off, Hamza really believes in being kind of undercover and covert. Like he doesn't wanna really go out there and be on TV or even do like the audio recordings. Like he wants to stay under the radar hidden.


He wants you to not even like know he's running things. So he wants a hidden hand in everything. So I told you they're involved in October 7th. Al-Qaeda's never gonna claim responsibility for it. Al-Qaeda's not gonna claim responsibility for these embassy attacks. And they have a plan for that. I'll tell you, they're not gonna claim responsibility for the Europe tax and they're definitely not gonna claim responsibility for the US homeland attack. Very different, right? Than his father. The other thing is his father, hold On, hold on. Why? Why are they not claiming responsibility? Because they wanna keep their safe havens intact and they don't actually care if, You know it was Al Qaeda, they just wanna take it to us, right? Oh shit. It does not matter if it's isis, if it's HTS, if it's Hamas, they're all one, right?


It's, they're all in Islamic army and, and nobody's taken this Islamic Army concept seriously. But Hamza views all the terrorist troops in the world now under his Islamic army. And that's the way he views them. And he's almost like Iranian kutz force where he's like, okay, this is my proxy here, this is my proxy here, this is my proxy here. Like he's planning an attack in Lebanon against some sort of US interest, right? It's an Al-Qaeda Hezbollah plot, but when it occurs, only Hezbollah is gonna take responsibility. You won't even know Al Qaeda is involved in it. Just like Giuliani's Blitzkrieg, Al-Qaeda has supported that, right? They gave him 10,000 fighters, right? Taliban gave him camps in Afghanistan. Are you hearing anything about the Taliban and Al-Qaeda right now when they're talking about Syria?


No. Zero. Did you hear their names come up at all for October 7th? No. Yeah, Hamza is killing it. So Hamza now wants to do completely covert action and let everything fall under this Islamic army. And the really interesting thing is his father was incredibly patient, right? Remember everybody knows it took him five years to prove nine 11 and Osama bin Laden was like, Hey we can create the caliphate. I'm okay if it takes a thousand years. Hamza wants to do everything in his lifetime. He wants Islamic caliphate to be created in his lifetime. He wants to bring all of his father's goals, You know, to fruition. And one of them was take it to America, right on us soil, make them feel the war zones at home.


And Hamza takes that very serious and that's why he has gone full force on this plot. The interesting part is Hamza will approve a plot in one meeting, right? Bring it in, brief it brief this plan you have for the embassy. Yep. I'm good. So, so he moves a lot faster. And actually of all things the IRGC and Iran have complained and they're, even when they work with Al-Qaeda, they're like, we want Sal, he's more calm, cool, collected. Like we trust him more. We don't think he's gonna cause a big ruckus, but they're like, hams is a loose cannon. He's running at full speed. We don't know how to control him. So it's al almost an interesting thing. So it's funny, right?


Other governments are seeing this and our government won't even talk about him being alive and he's running fast against us. Can you, wow. Can you go? What are his goals? So hold on, I got a lot of questions. So if we have, we have all these networks, we have all these terrorism networks. Is Hamza the literally the number one guy? So Hamza is the number one guy of what is now called the Islamic Army. Okay? Okay. So the Islamic army is Sunni Shia. It is his father's vision. Hams has now put it to reality in the last two years. And it basically pulls in every group. It's Hamas, Hezbollah, ISIS, Taliban, Al-Qaeda, whomever, whoever will agree to it.


Obviously there's a lot of negotiations going on to get people into this. This isn't easy, right? Like they're constantly giving up things to get people to join in. So he's been very successful. They've now trained about 120,000 people under this Islamic Army umbrella. So these new crews are coming in, they're not basically training in an ISIS camp or an Al Qaeda camp. They are, but they're coming out of it as Islamic army. So when they're doing deployments to Syria, to Somalia, Tomalia, these fighters are viewing themselves as Islamic army. And the point of that is if they get detained, they're not gonna stay Al Qaeda, right?


So, so Hamza set this up and then he took one of his father's old bodyguards, Hamza al Gdi, his name is, and put him in charge. The Hamza al Gdi is actually basically the commander of the Islamic army, maybe like a month ago. FBI upped his reward. So this is funny. So Hams Al Gandhi is worth $5 million. Hams had bin Laed and who's in charge of hams? Al Gandhi and appointed him. He's on the one list for 1 million. So we don't even have a priorities, right, of who's in charge, who the enemy is, what they're involved in. So yeah, so there's the whole Islamic army piece. Okay? Now under the Islamic Army falls, the original goals of Osama Bin Laden, right?


One is to push the US out of the Middle East. That's the wave of attacks that had the Israel attack, right? It's gonna be the wave of attacks or the embassy attacks, right? 'cause it's to push us out of embassies in the Middle East like they're targeting US Embassy Baghdad for example, right? Makes perfect sense. And then there is the restoration of the caliphate. So the Syria pushes a restoration of the caliphate. The Molly push is the restoration of the caliphate. So he's just doing his father's old goals but faster. And he's using all the other terrorist groups to make it happen. It's not gonna be Al-Qaeda in breaching these goals. It's going to be Al-Qaeda, isis, whomever.


And the way that they're dealing with it is when they're sitting down making these agreements. So when they sat down and talked about Syria and Iraq, okay, Al-Qaeda now has given up the thought of I wanna own territory. Al Qaeda thought I wanna be the governments right? Or I want my allies to be the government. So they more want a political power. So they sat down with is and says, ISIS, if you wanna run certain parts of Syria, you wanna run certain parts of Iraq. And they've had the same discussion with IRGC. Like we're fine with that. Like let's come to agreement on what that looks like. So, so there's some really interesting partnerships going on when you'd say, oh no, they're against each other. It's like no, they're finding ways to compromise.


'cause they all want the same things in a different way. You had mentioned they have a couple of different goals. Well, a handful of goals. You've mentioned Europe, you mentioned Israel, I believe you mentioned the us. What, what, what are, where are all the targets? Sure. And what are the goals? So let's leave the US for last. Sure. So if you talk about Israel, obviously there was the big Hamas attack and then they actually have a couple other ways of attacks. I know one of 'em and I shared it, I'll probably get yelled at for sharing that one too. And then they wanna do what they against Israel, what they do with us, like attack the embassies. Okay. So that's the Israel piece. And then they want to do attacks on Europe.


But the interesting part is even their Europe attacks, they're, they're still leaning towards, hey, when we go attack Norway or whomever we wanna attack the US embassy there. So we're still almost the target, even though they're gonna do, they wanna do the attack in that country. And then the last piece is they want this October 7th style attack in multiple places in Europe and then in the us And that's the one that Scott talked to you about that we had, You know, in the AQ 2.0 book. But I realized he didn't give it to you when he was here. So I'm giving you the AQ 2.0 book. Thank you.


But thank you. That's really interesting. So we gave a Little bit, you worked On this, I gave a little bit of our investigation to it. So this was put together by a European retired intelligence officer. And what he did is he reached out to his huge community from working his entire career and said, what do you have on this? What do you have on this? What do you have on this? And he compiled a bunch of people's investigations into this attack. So this is the best thing you can get open source, Al Qaeda 2.0, the upcoming attack on the United States and Europe unveiled. So Boone and I focus on the US homeland piece of this attack, but people who contributed to the book focus on the Europe piece, right?


'cause they're European. Interesting. Could you give me connected? Yeah, I'll put you in touch. Perfect, Thank you. Well, since we're giving gifts, I was gonna wait till later, but I got you a GIF too, sir. No, you heard about the Unplugged phone? I'm, yeah, I used the app so I'm kind of excited. I can upgrade to the phone. There You go. So yeah, developed by Eric Prince and his team, one of the dev guys on there. Good. I'm gonna like text Eric first from it 'cause that would be fun. You And it. He'll be like, what crap is she asking me for now? Thank you. But yeah, you're welcome. For those listening, that is, that's a great way to kind of keep your data safe from big tech. Perfect. And like Facebook, Google, Facebook.


I don't have a Facebook account right now. I'm fine. They took it down. But yeah. So where is Hansa been Laden been all these years. So we basically found out where he was in 2022 and that's when he was in Kandahar. Right? We learned that prior to that he was in Stan Pakistan. But really the chunk of the time he was in Iran. The thing is, when Ksm Soleimani was killed in early 2020, he was like, I'm not sure Iran can keep me safe if they couldn't keep Soleimani safe. And so he left Iran at that time and went to Pakistan. And so then he stayed in Pakistan until Kabul fell and then he went into Afghanistan.


And That report that you, that you had mentioned that the British intelligence leaked to the press. Is that, where is that? Is that, can we find that and overlay it right now? Well, yeah, it's basically, it then was turned into an article. So it just says he's now the head of Al-Qaeda, he's planning operations against the west, these large scale attacks. So yeah, I think it first was in like the mirror or the sun, but then a ton of news articles picked up the same thing. So It's out there. Yeah, out there. It's out there all over, all over UK media. Yeah. If you just put Hamza bin Laden alive, it'll come up. What about his brother Abdullah? Why is that? What is his role? Yeah, so the interesting part is Abdullah was the one in originally in all the meetings, right?


And so Abdullah's the one everybody hears about, they're like, yeah, bin Laden has an alive son, Abdullah. And then they discount Hamza because Hamza's very covert under the radar. Abdullah is interesting because a lot of people don't understand this. So, You know, before the fall of Kabul, when there was the fighting with the Afghan national army, it was Abdullah bin Laden and a terrorist named Abu Ila Alri who were running the fronts of that war. So Al-Qaeda was running the war against our allies when Afghanistan fell. That wasn't a Taliban led war, that was an Al Qaeda led war. And so Abdullah's become an amazing strategist and a lot of people think he's kind of just this businessman or CEO type.


And so now he's pretty much running the operations of Al-Qaeda and he runs all the suicide, I mean all the terrorist camps. So he is basically the terrorist who train the homeland attackers. And that's why he really matters. And he knows all the homeland attackers. Wow. Wow. You know, I, I find it really interesting that they don't even care about the credit anymore because if I remember correctly when I, when I was working over there, that's, that's, that's all they wanted to do was easiest and biggest target of opportunities so that it hits the press, they can take credit for it. And everybody's, everybody's scared shitless of them now. They don't even care about that. Yeah. They just wanna hurt us.


Right? And the interesting part is, You know, we've spent a lot of time trying to find all the training camps for the homeland attacks, right? And we've really come up with three, we're confident, right? They've taken advanced urban warfare that we've talked about suicide bombing training and then cover and covert training, right? Al-Qaeda is teaching them like, don't even say you've been to Afghanistan, You know, like if you're Kuia or Saudi, never mention the word Al-Qaeda, right? When they go through these camps together, they're all given fake names. So if we're in camp together, I don't know your name as Char Ryan, I know you as Joe Bob, right? So the really interesting thing is that matters to them. They don't want the track record.


They're using pseudo names, even with now In camps. Yep. Amongst each other. They don't even trust each other to give the true name. Holy shit. So they've really fucking stepped it up. Yeah. And then there's a whole nother piece that it's so hard to get people to comprehend that this now is gonna sound like a conspiracy theory. Okay, now Al Qaeda, and it's been Hamza Bin LA and Hamza bin Laden went to Saana Ula Gafa, who's the head of ISIS Coan province and said, Hey, we don't wanna just claim our attacks in the US and Europe on ISKP, we need ISKP bodies, right? We need terrorists at that attack.


So when they're dead and you ID back, you say, yes, they're ISIS cor on province. So Hamza Miladin Sonari made a deal and there would be ISIS fighters in Al-Qaeda's homeland attack the, it's really interesting. And then ISIS will claim responsibility for the attack. And they went so far as Taliban has been feeding bits and info to the US government. So after the attack, the US government will go back into its intelligence databases for the last couple years and be like, yeah, we had a little piece on this attacker. He's isis, we've had a little piece on that attacker, he's isis, we've had a piece on that attacker.


It's isis, it's an ISIS attack. So US Intel is gonna back it because they've been feeding the information in. That's how well they've planned this. Holy shit. All right, Sarah, you're just, my mind's gonna explode. I'm gonna take a quick break here, we'll come back and, and get into the rest of this.


I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Sean Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter and the first contributor to the Newsletter that we have is a woman former Ca Targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Sean Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing. And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the Newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments. We'll see you in the newsletter.


Americans have a lot of pressure on them these days with inflation prices, rising bills going up and a lot of people are carrying really high credit card balances that charge 20% or more each and every month. Now's the time to get rid of those homeowners. If you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you need to call the team at American Financing Today. American Financing, salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their homes equity to get out of high interest debt. They're saving their customers an average of $800 a month. Saving that kind of money every month should make the decision really easy for you.


All it takes is a 10 minute no cost obligation phone call to find out how much you can save. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today, (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or American Financing dot net slash ss. Thank you for listening to the Sean Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Sean Ryan Show review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show.


All right, Sarah, we're back from the break. I forgot to bring up Al-Qaeda and Iran, who I thought were enemies, but sounds like according to you, Well Hamza lived there safely, right? Yeah. So it says something. What's Going on there? Well, the interesting thing is, You know, when we went into Afghanistan, we weren't really fighting the senior leaders of Al-Qaeda, right? They all fled within those first few months, right? Bin Laden went across Torah, Bo et cetera. So the Al-Qaeda terrorists went to two countries. They went to Pakistan and they went to Iran. Well, in Pakistan, the Pakistani government teamed up with us and they got paid lots of money and they started capturing terrorists, right?


Like College Sheikh Mohammed, for example. So the terrorists then are like, well, we're probably gonna be safer in Iran, but now if you are in Iran, you, your, your wives are there, your children are there, you're gonna make a very close relationship with the government as you can imagine. And so Al Qaeda made a close relationship with Qsm Soleimani, who's now deceased, but he headed the Iranian KZ force. And Qsm Soleimani basically asked one of his really good friends, You know, You know, another member of the military, Moham Kazemi, his name was. And he said, Hey, your job is to keep Hamza bin Laden safe, s al safe.


And he actually was also protecting one of our Benghazi plotters. That's why we know this so well. So it was his job to keep them safe. So when Ani died, this individual moved up. He's not the head of the Kutz force, he's the head of the IRG C'S Intelligence organization. So basically the people that harbored Al, the man who harbored Al Qaeda is one of the most senior intelligence officials in all of Iran. So that's the relationship. And he comes all the time to Afghanistan. He plotted the Hamas attacks with Al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and obviously Hamas. And then internal units within Iran to include Khomeini. Like Kini was involved in the Hamas attack planning.


And even Haba Lado, who we talked about, the head of the Taliban, he issued the fois for the attack. And then it was an IRGC general that did the go for the attack, right? Like that's how intermingled all these people have become. And we still have analysts that say, oh, Iran doesn't get along with Al-Qaeda or Iran's attacking Al-Qaeda. It's like, what are you talking about? They harbored them almost the entire war we had. So these guys are super in cahoots. Yeah, they're very, very close relations. Are they sharing intelligence? A hundred percent to to where the Taliban and Al-Qaeda gave the Iranian government intelligence base.


It's basically in an Al-Qaeda camp in Kandahar. Are you s Yep. Are you, so they're co-mingled now? Yeah. And remember this isn't just Iran. So North Koreans come to Kandahar, the Russians come to Kandahar, the Chinese come to Kandahar and they don't just meet with the Taliban, they meet with each other. Well, wait a minute, how so? How can the Russians be involved? 'cause there was that big, there was that big mall attack from isis, which if all these networks are connected, Right? The thing is just like US, Russia had to go to the Taliban to collect on ISIS and to go against ISIS just like we do. So there's two branches of isis.


Nobody actually really understands this ISIS cor on province. Okay, there's, there's the one we all know that's run by Ula gfa and he did the Abigail attacks with the Haqqani Network. Okay. There's a whole nother branch that's based in Northern Afghanistan is run by an individual named Rad ov. He's basically one of the main enemies in the world of Russia. He used to run the Tajikistan Special Forces. He defected to isis. He became ISIS's Minister of War. Then he got like detained. His death got faked. He somehow got released after the fall of Kabul and he runs this unit now in Northern Afghanistan.


And the interesting part is, so the one that's run by Ula Gafa, okay, that one basically emanated out of a lot of Pakistanis, a lot of guys from Iraq Eye Agency and the fta, some Punjabis, et cetera. It was always run by a Pakistani until the last leader got captured. Amjad Faruki. And then Sauna Ula took over. So Sauna Ula is like the first Afghan to run it. But when Sauna Ula took over, he'd been a member of the Connie Network since 2012 and he was the head of the Connie Network in Kabul. Okay. So this branch now is controlled by Raja Hani, right? And they're the ones that jointly did Abey Gate.


The other branch with OV Sjdd Haqqani is giving him refuge in Northern Afghanistan. So s Shaina Kani is like funding and supporting the second branch. So the crazy part is the Haqqani branch essentially runs the two arms. Now it's the northern arm that's getting a lot of those central Asian terrorists. So even though ULA did the Moscow attacks, the threat from Russia comes from ov and the Taliban are hiding the Kala OV angle completely from Russia making them focus on the other one. Wow. It's a whole ruse. Wow, man.


These guys have really, these guys have really stepped it up. Let's move into some of the, some of your investigations. I saw you completed two more know the Enemy investigations. Let's dive into those. Yep. So we com completed basically October 7th, know the Enemy, right? That's our most recent one. And that was the one that went into the Hamas attacks. And then before that we completed basically the Abby, our own Abbey and Gate investigation. You know, it was in, we weren't gonna do either of these. And then in April sent Kam put out their investigation to Abby Gate. So what was that? Three and a half years of doing an investigation. And there is a line in their report, our investigation identified the suicide bomber ass.


And it said Abdul rockman, eg. That's a Kya or an alias. And I was like, they've investigated this for three and a half years and they don't know his true name. And that's when I, so I realized I wanted to do this in April and I got his true name by the time I released in August. And they couldn't get his true name, a full government body. They had 12 investigators on this panel in three and a half years. That's how little they investigated Abby Gate. They also, Of course, as You know, covered up the Haney network was involved in it. So is this all just to show their investigations? What, what is like Remember I worked in Congress, What the fuck do they actually do? All the government investigations are like checking a box. We did something. But if you actually know how to investigate and you look into it, you can find every, all these holes, right?


They did not do their job properly. So yeah. So we found out his name, and his name is Abdul Ralph Sari. So they couldn't even find the true name of a man who blew up 13 of our service members. That's how little they cared. And that's what I found offensive. What else do we need to know, You know, for the Abbey Gate investigation, it's really interesting. So our government did two things that are very dishonest to the public. One is they made us think this was a lone wolf ISIS bomber, right? It wasn't. This was a planned attack with the senior leadership of ISIS COR in province and the senior leadership of the Connie in a report, we talked through basically 12 terrorists involved.


Seven of 'em are her conies, five of 'em are isis, right? And it went, this is how quickly they can plan an attack. Okay? The terrace, we found out the exact date he got released from Bagram, he gets released. So we call the neo, we say, Hey, we're gonna do a neo August 13th. Okay? The US government says we're gonna finally do a neo. They waited that long. Two days later, August 15th, the suicide bomber, even though they don't know his real name gets released from Bagram. Okay? Three days later he's in Kandahar sitting in the operational meeting to plan this attack. Then the 21st of August, the haqqanis choose three senior commanders who are gonna man the gates and let the bomber through the gates.


Okay? Two days later they basically shift a bunch of security from Northgate to Abbey Gate because they want more bodies at Abbey Gate when they blow it up. And then two days later after that, US puts out the threat, there's a suicide bomber threat. And then the next day they blow it. That's how quickly they basically find out we're doing a neo on the 13th, the bomber gets on the 15th and they have 'em at the table. On the 18th planning this, they killed over 170 Afghans on 13 of our service members. Holy. And the US government made you believe this was a lone wolf. Do you th did they do that on purpose?


I Mean, or did they, was it outta confidence? I'm, if I curious, You know, can go find out where the planning meeting took place. I know who moved the suicide bomber. I know who moved ULA Ari to Kabul. I know who the three men were at the gates and I know the terrace, his name is Hafisa Connie who told the bomber, okay, you are in a good spot. I'll blow. I know all that on my own collecting on my own. How can the US government not collect that? And if they aren't collecting it, we got a lot more to worry about. I hope some of these new administration picks get in contact with you. I really do because you, you are super sharp. What is the, what's the involvement, what is the connection between the October 7th attacks and Afghanistan?


Yeah, so the interesting part is, right, so this was the other investigation we weren't going to do. Okay. So we, we put out Abby Gate because SenCom I thought did something very embarrassing. And then what we knew, we knew the plotting had happened in Afghanistan, but we thought, okay, Israel is just gonna keep calling it the Hamas attacks until they wipe out Hamas. Right. That makes sense. You can't fight three or four different fronts. Right. Or different terrorist groups at the same time. Well we are getting closer to coming up on the year mark of it and Israel still wasn't telling anyone, You know, obviously they knew IRGC was involved 'cause they took out a bunch of 'em, but they weren't telling anybody about Al-Qaeda in the Taliban and they weren't striking Al-Qaeda in the Taliban.


But we knew Israel is in a series of attacks, right? And those series of our attacks include the US homeland. So we're like, if we don't put out the truth that Al-Qaeda did October 7th, then how do we expect the law enforcement or first responders in the US to be prepared if no one told them October 7th was the same people who are going to attack in the us Right? Because if you can look at those tactics prepared, do different training, it puts you in a more resilient position if an attack happens in your community. So that was the catalyst that made us put out October 7th. So basically what happened is this was a joint kind of Al-Qaeda IRGC thing.


And I said this is a whole bigger thing. And they did all this over telegram for the most part. So they had an, an original planning meeting in Kandahar again. And then they had kinda like their second meeting up in Kabul. And then most of the rest of the plotting occurred via telegram and then, which is crazy, right? You'd think our governments could collect that in advance. We learned a lot of things during this process. First off, in the first plotting meeting it was Sia Al, he runs the military commission of the Taliban. He's the one that chose the date. Do You know any, what's significant about October 7th? No. So he first chose October 7th, 2022. I told you it got pushed a year because of Zawahiri, which is also its own point, right?


We struck an Al-Qaeda member And it forced them to push the attack another year. What if we kept striking them in Afghanistan during that time? Right? It could have pushed the attacks longer. And this is why I say we need to strike the command and control of the homeland attack, right? But anyway, set aside, October 7th was the day George Bush announced Operation Enduring Freedom and we basically started carpet bombing Kandahar. No shit. So nobody understands the October 7th attacks actually have a connection to Afghanistan to begin with. And the date was chosen to do with Afghanistan. So everybody who's like, why do we care about Israel? Why is that our problem? It's like that's just the first in a series, it's coming for us.


That's like the test run. Did you, you put that together? Yes. Well my team, I my know, the enemy investigation team, How has nobody else put that together? Well I don't think we're the only ones. So we received kind of a pat on the back from a foreign government that reached out to someone that knows me. Like they realized we know each other through social media and they told that person to tell me your report report is spot on. That's what we have. So that's a foreign government's intelligence service saying good job, like bravo. Who Was it? Can you Mention that? It was a European one. Okay, so so to say nobody has that I, I think is untrue.


I hope our government has it right? But the dishonesty behind it would be a problem if they did. And they're not preparing America for this October 7th round of attacks that are coming here. Well you, You, you're mentioning law enforcement being proactive and I just, I don't see that happening no matter what. Right? But, but at least if a, so You know how budgets work and training works and everything else. At least if you say a threat's coming and the government puts out something, it gives you a catalyst or it gives you something to hold onto. Right? And you can go and say we need more training. We haven't even done this type of training in six years. Like you can start having the discussions, but if nobody's sharing anything, and I know, I don't know if you saw, but Scott Mann and I went and met with Governor DeSantis and briefed this to him and he said, I've received no threat reporting at all on terrorism from the federal government.


So they're not passing anything down to these levels. So anyone who's like, yeah, this is all happening behind the scenes, don't worry. Everyone's prepared. Our law enforcement knows. Most of the country have never heard alqaeda planning an attack here. Well actually I'll redact what I just mentioned. It's, it sounded like DeSantis actually took it very seriously. He did. Didn't he develop some sort of a task force? So he did multiple things. He the next day briefed the sheriff's, every sheriff in the state of Florida and told him there's a potential threat which matters. Right? And then yeah, he created like basically a kind of an information sharing so we can get in touch with his people immediately if we found some threat info or just something useful that he could get the state involved in or to train behind.


So he, he's been proactive of like, how can I get ahead of this? Well, or how can I use people like you? Right? Like your community, Florida's full of retired special ops guys who fought these guys for 20 years overseas, right? And he understands that and he's like, how do I harness that? Well that's what I was getting at. So d he did stand up. Eddie Gallagher was telling me about it. I think Scott told me about it or made, Well there's a little bit so that's slightly different. But he'll be able to utilize that. So he basically has this thing called the Florida National Guard. And the Florida National Guard is like Will and does, could have the capabilities of a counter-terrorism force. It's being trained properly that way it has different type of legal authorities.


So he has positioned the state of Florida to basically have a force that is a force multiplier against counter-terrorism. And this doesn't really exist in other states. So he though was on that train even before the Al-Qaeda threat, he just got ahead of it, right? So he was already preparing something like this and he now has a force with the capabilities that at least can respond along with law enforcement basically. So you'll have more trained bodies to deal with this faster in an emergency. So that's, I wonder if there's a way to get, I mean I'm obviously very concerned about Tennessee.


I wonder if there's a way to get DeSantis to, to, to have a chat with Bill Lee, the governor of Tennessee to start standing something up like that. 'cause I thought that was genius. In fact, I'm gonna have my social media team cut a clip of that and try to target Bill Lee to get his attention about that. Because there's also a ton of special operations guys, retired guys like me that are out now that live in Tennessee. And that would be, I mean why would you not do that at this point? Exactly. Especially with the way the federal government is the border wide open. I mean no, It's coming to save you. Yeah, Exactly. It's true. Scott's book, One's coming to save you and you, you have someone come on because my summary of the Florida National Guard was probably horrible and they're probably gonna sit and watch us and like she doesn't even know what we did.


Right? We do way more than that. So you should have some come on and actually talk about it because I think it would be interesting for people to see, hey, there are other models out there. People are being creative and innovative on this. States need to take a look at this. Yeah, the federal government, I mean hopefully that changes come January 20th, but right now it's not functioning states better start getting involved. You mentioned something about the IRGC targeting, what, what, what is the IRGC to start with? Basically it's another branch of the Iranian military, but it would be more like JS O than like the US Army, if that makes sense. So it's tier one units. They have a US army. Okay. And then there's different pieces of it.


So the most famous one is the KDS force and that was a run one run by M Soleimani. And the KDS force was almost like special op CIA lethal operations like all in one. Okay. And so are they targeting Trump? So Trump is the one they blame for the death of Qsm Soleimani. 'cause he set up the team, he got the approvals. 'cause remember Qsm Soleimani was potentially, potentially like he was a Iranian military general. So the US government wouldn't put him on a hit list 'cause they're like, that's a, You know, an official and another government. It wasn't until Trump came in and put lethal authorities that the US could go after him.


Iran knows this. So they blame his death in Iraq on Trump almost solely. So they've been planning an operation, I call it the Soleimani plot, but the US government probably calls it something different. And we came across the Soleimani plot while doing our October 7th investigation because the terrorists I told you about Mohammed Kazemi, he's masterminding it so it's so crazy. So he was one of the key plotters of October 7th. He's masterminding, basically assassinating President Trump. The US government doesn't have him on the FB I most wanted list Probably 'cause they want him dead. But I mean, but isn't that crazy? He's like the mastermind behind a plot.


Even if Trump wasn't gonna be the president again, he was the mastermind of a plot against a former U US president. He's not even on our wanted list. This is the problem with our con of terrorism has just gone off the rails, right? Why? Why is it? Is it DEI is, what is it? You know, what's Going on? I pray they knew he was the mastermind, but there's a potential, like we were the only ones that found the suicide bomber's. True name. There's a potential. We got lucky and we found the mastermind before the US government. But even once we put it out, nobody in the US government has contacted us to even ask about it. And the crazy part is we put this at the end of our report, the money going into the sole Monet plot is phenomenal.


It's $145 million a month. So you, that doesn't just assassinate a president. So we don't know what the plot is. The US government's the one that says it's a plot against Trump. There is a ton of money behind that plot. So I, I don't know if it's bigger than Trump. I don't know if it's, if it's Trump and some other symbols, because remember, so what Iran usually does, and this is a correct assessment by the US government, they, when they target someone or something, it's always equal. So like if you hit their embassy, they would hit back your embassy. If you kill the scientists, they would do an assassination, right?


So the US government is like, okay, we kill qsm Soleimani. So Iran is gonna counter by doing an assassination. But Qsm Soleimani isn't just a man in Iran to Iran. He was the symbol of the Iranian revolution. Think about that. So he, he's like, I don't know our capital or our Statue of liberty, he's bigger than a man, right? So I do think us might be underestimating how the Iranians via Casa Soliman Soleimani. And I think that the response to him is gonna be bigger than they're assessing. I don't think it's just gonna be the assassination of one man. Who do you think El who, who else do you think might be on that list?


I mean with that kind of money, like I wonder if it's the capital, The entire capital. Holy shit, What the building? You know? Wow, Wow. Let's move into the homeland. Why? We'll move into the homeland then. I was gonna save that to the end. But I, it's getting hard to concentrate. 'cause that's all I could think about. Of course I think about this stuff all the time. I'm, what's coming? I mean when I talk to Scott and I can't remember, I can't, sometimes I get my conversations blurred because it's, is it on camera or off camera? I can't fucking remember. But Scott, if I, if I remember correctly, Scott told me that Al-Qaeda is basically predicting that they will, the casualty count will be between 50 and 60,000 Americans dead.


Am I, am I wrong on that? So I don't know the count that they're predicting. What I do know is Al Qaeda trained and sent a thousand attackers. A thousand attackers. When did they come through? So they finished training and they deployed them. Now depending on how they come through, it could take different times, right? So the fastest I've seen in Afghan leave Afghanistan and get over the border illegally is about three weeks. Now if you get a tourist visa and a Saudi's passport, he can fly the day after he gets his visa, right? So it depends 'cause they are fine getting people in however they can get them in.


And they actually prefer legal immigration as you can imagine. Because they want basically the attackers to sit here and wait. If they're legal, they're not gonna raise any alarm bells. So wait a minute, I just wanna clarify. You are 100% certain that there are 1000 plus Al-Qaeda trained fighters within the United States borders. Well, Al-Qaeda says they trained and deployed a thousand for this attack. First off, I think there's more than a thousand Al Qaeda members in the United States. But for the homeland attack, that number's based on what Al-Qaeda's saying, so they could exaggerate it. However, they did have about 1400 in the Hamas attacks.


So the number is not off from what they did in the first round of attacks. Is there any indication of what kind of attacks is there gonna be? Actually let me before we get into that, how long, how old is this information? I mean, it's ongoing. So the training's already done right? So all the training info is now old because they trained all the homeland attackers, if that makes sense. So like next week you're not gonna get info of a homeland attacker probably at a terrorist camp because it's already done. So all this is have been in the last year. So it's been over a year. It's been a year Because this was a continuation. So they planned October 7th first and then they rolled into planning this after.


Are we next or is Europe next? I think the embassy attacks are next, in my opinion. What are they waiting for for the embassies? I don't think they're waiting. I think it took time to train them. They've now approved them and they've now moved into the operational stage. What about the us? So the US from what we've seen, I told you about the camps, right? The, there's the advanced urban warfare. So we think it's gonna look like October 7th, but it's actually based on, and October 7th was probably also based on it. It's based on the moon bio attacks that occurred 15 years ago in Delhi, India.


And we believe this for multiple reasons. One, What happened there Before we dig into that, Yeah, we talked about this, I think it was my first episode. It was basically a terra scoop lash gray tba. They did a number, it's called swarming attacks. They did a number of attacks in the deli ho at the, at a hotel. The Taj Mahal, I believe it was called at like basically the train station, et cetera. The interesting thing about it, and this is why they're gonna employ it now, is those tariffs were given kind of like latitude one, they could change the location they were attacking and they could change the modus opera they, they were using. So for example, when they went in the train station, it was supposed to be a bombing.


When they got in there they said, wow, we can kill more people just shooting them than putting the bomb together. And they shot 'em. Another thing that they did is in real time information was being passed to them. So when they were in the Taj Mahal, they were being told what was on the press and what the police were doing and they changed basically some of their movements in the hotel to make the attack last longer. Okay? So this is the part that's going to be different, right? So Al Qaeda always wants to innovate when it does this next attack, right? So I've already told you about the innovation of the suicide vests. Well do You know we really haven't had a suicide bombing in the United States ever. Hmm. There's the Nashville guy who did the strange, blew himself up in the car early in the morning when no one was around.


No, that's kind of it. The At and t building. Yep. So we have not had a man walk up to a building with a suicide vest on the United States. Americans don't understand this. Al-Qaeda knows this. Right? So this is new and innovative, especially now you don't have to walk outside of the building. You can walk in the building 'cause of the advancement of the vest. The other thing is in the United States we haven't had fide attackers. You know what this is? I mean you, you'll know when I explain it. If you fought in like I don know Ramadi Fallujah, you've seen these. So the concept is the terrorist fights to the death. So he is not exactly a suicide bomber, but he will fight till either all of us are dead or all of his people are dead, right?


So this can go on for multiple days, You know, like the plan was for Mumbai for example. So we think it's gonna be a swarming attack, right? Multiple different attacks at one time across multiple cities. We think there will be suicide bombers just 'cause some of the attackers went through suicide bomber training and they have these vests, right? And then we think there's these fian attackers who, who will carry on until they're killed. The fian matters, right? I was watching, I wanna say it was like eight months ago. It's just, Let me just rephrase that. So these guys are trained and, and we already overlaid the video of their training and they are going to fight until they're killed. Yes. There's no stopping them. Exactly.


And that matters, right? So I was watching this video And it was a suicide bombing and cobble years ago And it was the bomber blew up, okay? And then everyone starts moving in. The first responders move in, right? And then another guy walks in and blows up. We know this is a tactic, right? But if Americans don't understand this as a tactic and don't understand, these attackers are gonna fight to the death. Think about that. So battles going on, the attacker surrenders, right? He might have the suicide vest, You know, we let our guard down. That man came to TA to die, right? He's gonna fight till he dies or you dies. So we can't let our guards down and they know our weakness, right?


So we have to be very careful that we don't have more people die in the second and third order effects of not knowing their intent. What, what kind of places do you think they're gonna target? So this is what's complicated. So Al-Qaeda's preferences you can imagine is symbols of the US or anything that causes economic damage, right? Capital is a great symbol. Capital was actually in, I I I think the capitol is, a lot of people are targeting it. But the capitol was in their propaganda just this nine 11 when they were memorializing nine 11, right? So the capitol matters.


I feel like Bridges or any kind of public transportation always matters. 'cause it, it puts costs against us And it causes fear. But here's where it gets complicated. So remember the terrorists might have, their goal is they're gonna attack the metro in DC right? But remember, some of these terrorists are gonna be isis and remember they can change location. So the ISIS guy might go down the metro and say, I don't, there's not many people down here, I'll kill 20, but there's a event going on, I'm gonna go up there. Right? And because ISIS is a little different, ISIS just wants mass casualty. So it's going to be interesting how it works with terrorists that came from different backgrounds.


That is when they get choice. So, so some of these terrorist organizations are looking for very strategic stuff like US capital, You know, basically us governmental infrastructure and, and elites. And then on the other hand, you have what I'm used to seeing when we were over there. They just look for the easiest, the the easiest, biggest target because they want to kill the most amount of people and the quickest amount of time and get the most press out of it. Yep. And so that makes me, that would lead me to believe universities, churches, stadiums, Farmers markets, those type of things.


How many people, how many, how many fighters do you think we can expect in each attack? Well the thousand is all of them. So we're calling it, it's an Al-Qaeda planned attack. But within those thousand terrorists, some of them are ISIS because they want ISIS to be blamed. Our theory, we have a theory on it. I hate to throw it theories. We think the actual, like, this Is the first time I think you've ever thrown out a Theory. I know, I know. I just feel, I just think people like, she's crazy. I think the, the more of the fighter types are gonna be ISIS because then if they're, they're caught, You know, then they talk, I, I think of more of the suicide bombers are gonna be Al Qaeda.


Will these attacks hype? Do you think these attacks will happen simultaneously throughout the United States? Or will they be one day here next day here, another one over here next week. So they want them coordinated. I don't know if coordinated means all at the same time or if coordinated means we do it Monday, we do it Tuesday, we do it Wednesday, we do it Thursday, we do it Friday, we just do five straight days. I said, but they wanna coordinate it. What's coordinated mean? And the other argument we have, does coordinated also mean US and Europe at the same time? And is Europe all coordinated at the same time? So the, the, when they say coordinated, we don't know exactly what that means. So they could also be US and Europe at the same time, which is complicated.


Do you think Europe will see mass casualties or did, I mean earlier you kind of mentioned that you think that the, that the primary target in Europe is still US embassies? No, that's for the wave. So remember there's, there's a wave of embassy attacks, but then there's this multi coordinated attack. It's a completely separate wave of attacks. So they're gonna get the same October 7th attack in Europe as we're getting in the US as planned right now anyway. And they also, so a thousand terrorists were supposedly trained for the US and deployed and a thousand were supposedly trained for the Europe attack and deployed. The embassy plots are completely different with completely different trained terrorists.


Man, this is, why haven't they hit yet? Because the training takes the time. So for But they're For Israel, they're here though, Supposedly. Yeah. Okay, let me ask they, when they got here, Let me ask, how long have they been here? I'm not sure. But if we just do math quick. Okay. Israel, they train 500 terrorists, right? They got a longer timeline, but they were planning train 500 in three months, right? Two months. So they were gonna train 500 in two months for Israel. So they can, for Israel, they did it really quick but it would've been half-assed. They luckily ended up with a year and a half. But then remember I told you they had to train 10,000 for Syria and I think that gets completely ignored.


Okay. So they have this huge number and we just saw what the effect of it, right? So the 10,000 for Syria and some went to Iraq became the priority and then we think the homeland attackers were in there. And then that's training's done too, if that makes sense. So they are training for multiple phases at the same time. So it takes time to get through all the training. Man, this stuff scares the shit out of me. What do you think? Okay, you had mentioned earlier, You know, we just got done talking about the significance of October 7th. How many other dates are there that could, that it could potentially, I mean if they're looking for that kind of, You know, symbology or whatever you want to call it, You know, how many dates are we looking at?


Is it too many to, are there too many significant dates throughout the 20 years that we were over there? That that we just, we we can't, You know, we can, we can't. Do You know what I'm trying to say? I know you're saying how many dates are we looking at here? Yeah. Is it impossible? Is there 365 is every day of the year after 20 years a potential date? Or are there some specific hard dates that you think that federal, state, local government should be looking at? Sure. Well I think if we just talk about the October 7th investigation we did, we actually discussed three dates. We discussed the significance of October 7th being the day we started operation during freedom.


Remember when I said they started training in August? They actually started training on August 7th. They chose August 7th 'cause that was the anniversary of the tan Tanzania and Kenya Embassy bombings. Okay. So they did choose even a historic date to start training. Okay? And then when you go to nine 11, You know the majority of Americans, I don't even think the majority of the US government knows why nine 11 was chosen. You'll get these stupid theories. It was started the school year or 11 means Allah or something like that. It basically, it comes from 9 11 19 22. And it was basically kind of, You know, after the time of the British mandate and that was the first day they basically took a westerner and said this westerner, he ended up being a a, a British and Jewish, you are in charge of kind of like the, this Palestinian type of mandate.


And Al-Qaeda had cared about a date from 1922 and that's why they chose nine 11 to attack us. So there are dates that matter, right? But we focus on the dates that matter to us and we forget to look at the dates that matter to them, right? So a lot of people say, well it's likely then gonna happen on the day Bin Laden was killed. Is it when they're choosing some of like a date from 1922. So I think there's dates that matter and I, I did some work and I forget one I picked, I think it was like June 5th or something And it was some historic thing, right? But there, like you said, there's a lot to choose from. And the other thing you need to keep in mind is there's been this war going on in Syria, You know, for a very long time.


And a lot of things happen in Syria that have opened wounds for these terrorists, right? And it's why a lot of these terrorists have come together is from the war in Syria. So they could just pick a date. A terrace was martyred in Syria, for example, right? Or even Hamza bin Laden's wife was killed in the operation to kill her father. They could choose the date she was killed. So there's also just so many terrorists, martyrs that they could choose dates from, You know, within the last 20 years of war. So it's really hard to pick a date because then you're also anticipating something that doesn't happen even how 2025 is right? So Al-Qaeda's planning the attack for 2025, but remember I told you Israel was planned for 2022, it got shifted a year.


Now if you are following that And it didn't happen, you're like, okay, the attack didn't happen. The information was bullshit, right? So if if attack doesn't happen in 2025 and they push it a a few months, then people put their guard down again. And we need to be careful about stuff like that. Yeah, that's true. That's true. I don't even know where to go from here. I mean, it just sounds, You know, it sounds inevitable that it's gonna happen. I know. And and that's the thing, You know, it just dawned on me too when we did October 7th, this is really interesting 'cause this goes back to, You know, what you talked about earlier, passing threats and leads to the government, which is almost impossible. You know, people saw these Hamas terrorists planning and training in Afghanistan And it got provided to Israel when we did an investigation.


Some people gave us the reports they gave to the Israeli government. We used them in our October 7th investigation. So we saw some of the stuff passed to the Israelis so they knew at least Hamas was training for some big plot in Afghanistan. And I worry, 'cause same things are being passed to our government and they're not taking it serious. Right? And I don't know how what happened in Israel doesn't make you think twice right? About hey, we're making the same mistake. What are the, I mean we talked a lot about, You know, passports too in, in, in your previous episode is that, are they coming in straight to the US You know, with with us passports or passports with visas to the US or is the majority of it going to South America and then funneling up through the Darien gap into the southern border.


So in my opinion, terrorists in general just leaving Afghanistan, a lot of them are coming up through the darion gap to the border. And that was, there was a big push, right? Get in the US while you can. Now not all those Al-Qaeda attackers, right? But they came in with fake Afghan passports. They came in with fake Syrian passports, fake Turkish passports. Those are the kind of the three preferences. 'cause they're easiest to get. And then, You know, if our border patrol agents, a lot of them haven't been overseas, right? If, if an Egyptian shows up the border with ass Syrian passport, is he gonna know that person was Egyptian? I mean his passport says Syrian, right? Yeah. So we have that problem, but then Al-Qaeda wants to embarrass us again like they did with the nine 11 attackers.


And they want, they've trained clean terrorists right? From like Saudi, Kuwait, Jordan, et cetera. And they want them to get legitimate visas. So we can't trust our system again. So we have both issues going on. The other issue too is a lot of these terrorists are coming up, right? And there still is the problem of lone wolves. There is the problem of we have terrorists in this country now where those members have never been in this country, right? We don't have any idea what their intent is. Islamic movement of Uzbekistan is a great example, right? They've sent terrorists from Afghanistan region here. Why?


Right? We have terrorists in this country that we don't even know their long-term plans against us because they're not never really been a focus of ours or we focused on them with this little piece where they did a few operations or training with Al-Qaeda, right? But we don't know the intent. And maybe they just are for multipliers for Al-Qaeda or the Islamic Army, but we lack the understanding. Do you think these numbers are gonna grow? I mean, we just saw what we, I'm not spun up on the Syria thing, but that just, it looked like we're, we're we're done and Trump said, Trump said we shouldn't even be there. Does that free up? I mean, what are, what are your thoughts on that? But what kind of, what I'm asking is, does that free up?


You said we sent 10 thou, they sent 10,000 new trained terrorists to Syria. So now that that's kind of done, are they coming here? Well the good part, the bad part with those 10,000 right? Is there's battles gonna continue the kds, right? There's definitely gonna be a war with the Kurds. So there's still gonna be battles going on in Syria. But remember Al-Qaeda has all these waves. So they have the caliphate wave. The caliphate wave includes Syria, Iraq, Mali, Somalia, Burkina Faso. So those 10,000 will likely roll into either Iraq or they'll deploy to Africa.


Okay? So they're likely not coming here just 'cause they're in like the caliphate wave and they've been trained in that wave, if that makes sense. It, it doesn't make sense to put 'em with the people you've trained to do the homeland attack or the embassy attacks, et cetera. Just 'cause you have enough bodies. And that's the thing, the number of recruits they can bring into Afghanistan. We've never seen anything like it. So there is no lack of bodies, there's no lack of terrorist volunteering. There's this really amazing documentary, boo and I went, saw it, gosh, six or seven months ago, it was called Jihad Rehab. Have you ever heard of this? No. It sadly when it got put out, I wanna say it was originally at Sundance, and then there was a lot of news that people were exploiting the terrorists, like the director was exploiting the terrorists.


Like, kid you not, and then it got a bunch of hate And it was almost like taken off of everything and theater's like, we're not playing it. And so the director, she's kind of gone city to city and finances it herself and puts it out. So she was putting it, some, some people paid for her to come to the Villages in Florida. And I was like, I wanna see this. Let's drive up. So we went up to the villages, which is super happening by the way. I I, I've heard all about the Villages, I've never been there. And one night there I was like, I get it five, 10 years I might be buying a house here. My God was, Oh my gosh, it Was a cool place. There was tons of people our age. So the fact that everyone's super old is also a lie. But Of course we're like older now.


So anyway, so this is a, it's, it's a really interesting documentary, but what she does is she walks through basically four Al-Qaeda terrorists and their path and they're now in the Saudi government's rehabilitation program. And then you walk through as they're going through that program and then how it ends. Okay, well in it they all talk about why they joined Al Qaeda and why they deployed to Afghanistan, et cetera. And they all have a different reason. The interesting part is Al Qaeda focuses on those re reasons and one of 'em, basically she asked him, was life easier for you in Afghanistan? And he said yes, because the terrorists make a whole social security net.


Okay? So Al-Qaeda is in the Taliban's so amazing at this. So if you go there as a foreign fighter, right, you obviously have a home, you have all the weapons you want, you get all the training you want, right? You get a, a financial stipend and then if you are young, you can get married. And the crazy part is you don't have to marry an Afghan woman if you came from Syrian, you wanna marry a Syrian woman. Al Qaeda will bring in Syrian women. So, so they want you to, and the crazy part is, and people don't understand this, so Al-Qaeda realize something they did wrong, okay? They like, we didn't focus enough on second and third generation and we definitely didn't train second and third generation. So when the US came at us and started, especially drone striking us, we couldn't keep up and keep putting good talent in.


Right? The third and fourth string of external operations sucked. I met one of 'em, right? So Al-Qaeda's like, we're not gonna let this happen again. We want you to come here, we want you to have families, we're gonna train your sons. We're gonna train the next generation. Yeah, we're gonna be a whole jihadi family and we're never gonna have that failure again where the second generation can't step up. Wow. Wow. You know, another thing I want to ask you about is China, You know, China was in China was in negotiations with Taliban before we ever even left, You know, huge lithium deposits in Afghanistan. I've got reports from, even from my local law enforcement talking about Chinese state coming through the border, setting up all these camps all over the place.


They've traced them all the way from Tennessee to Nevada. They've seen training camps where they're actually, where Chinese state are actually training. Do you think there's gonna be any coordination between the terrorist homeland attacks and will Chinese state be involved in that? So from what I know, so there's two pieces to this. Can we do China and Russia? Yep. Because Russia's a big problem. You know, they're trying to counter us as we're trying to counter them. So China's a little more of a longer game. Now China is meeting with the terrorists.


The place I have an issue with China is I do think China is going to find a way to use the terrace proxies. But the place I'm most concerned about is, You know, you talked about the lithium, but there's uranium mines too. So at least the uranium mines and in like two of the provinces in the south are essentially owned and run by China. So China's in them, Al-Qaeda is in them and IOGC is there trying to help Al-Qaeda basically use uranium. Not exactly like you would use it for nuclear pro, maybe like a dirty bomb or something. So China, Iran and Al-Qaeda are basically in the same building, right?


So think of that As they innovate on that and grow. If we go to war China, I do think China will likely wait and use the terrace as a proxy against us. Now that brings us to Russia, right? You know, so we talked about this in our October 7th report. So the terrorists actually decided to do the Israel attacks after Russia invaded Ukraine. They're like, it's a really good time. Everybody's focused on Ukraine. So they started the plotting in March of 2022. When they started plotting the terror, reached out to Russia and said, is this gonna be okay? And Russia's like, go for it. Go for it, go for it. So when Z Huri was killed and Al-Qaeda's like, we're not doing this attack October 7th, 'cause the US will come and bomb all of our locations in Afghanistan, we'll lose our base.


They reached out back out to Russia and Russia's like, no, do it in 2022. Don't wait. I need to get this pressure off me for my war in Ukraine. Well fast forward to these. There is information that I'll cut Russia's helping bring in some of the tools necessary for Al-Qaeda's homeland attack. Say that again. There's information that Russia and Russian pipelines are helping bring in some of the resources that are gonna support Al-Qaeda's homeland attack. And it's to it's to into this Country. Yep. To push at us for Ukraine, just like we're doing stuff against Russia.


So hold on, push that them Against the Ukraine straight. So Russia is sending supplies into the United States to help with the terrorist homeland. Their pipeline is helping move some of Al Qaeda supplies in the United States for the homeland attack, Which is probably our own fucking supplies. So, 'cause we left everything there, so am I right? I mean it's a different kind of supply, I'll tell you what the supply is. But, but it is a Russian channel reportedly that the, the supply has moved through. So we have to remember there's a lot of dirty games going on around the Russian Ukraine war. We're doing things to counter Russia in likely funding terrorists.


Russia's doing the same thing to not think, they're trying to also undercut us and also get on the side of our enemy and hit us with our enemy. Because think about it, Al-Qaeda's gonna pull off an attack, it's gonna be blamed on isis. No one's gonna call it Al-Qaeda. No one's definitely gonna say it. Russia played a piece in it, right? So it's very smart of them too. And so there's all this kind of, like we say, we're a near peer and near peer has gotten smart about using terrorists. We might be thinking Sarina Connie can be used against them. And so everybody's playing this game of the terrorists now. So we have two of the world's largest superpowers convoluting with Al Qaeda and and terrorist organizations in Taliban.


And remember to them they beat us, right? Like right now, like Al-Qaeda, the Taliban are power players. I mean people think, oh, Afghanistan's a third world country, they're not being true. A third world country right before our pr p our our enemies are not treating 'em that way. They're treating with respect, right? They're saying, what can you do for me? What can I do for you? And Iran? I forgot Iran. Yeah. And Iran. And there's North Koreans in Afghanistan too, You know, also, You know that that, that makes a lot of sense with the Israel stuff. I know there's a lot of controversy about that. I didn't really understand why we're so heavily involved with that and, and, but now It's the same guys who are gonna attack us.


Makes so let Israel take 'em out. That Makes So do you think Work every penny? Yeah. Yeah. So do you think that's why we're doing it? Well I think we're doing it 'cause they are an ally, right? I I don't think people understand that that is just the dress rehearsal, the first step to our attack. I don't think they understand it that way. But I do think people understand. I mean, Israel's taking out these guys who did the Beirut Marine bombings. So there is still a level of respect that they really are taking out some of her enemies and terrorists who did kill a lot of Americans who were never brought to justice. I mean, they've been pretty damn effective from what I've seen. They Have Been, it's very, We've never seen anything like this at this level to be honest.


Yeah, It's, it's at the Speed. Super impressive. I don't even know if we're capable of that kind of shit anymore. We're not legally capable. I feel like we're just a fucking joke. Yeah. I'd rather have another country do it for me. I mean, even our Benghazi attackers, half of them are killed. Nothing to do with the United States. It's general Hof tar and Libya did it, us won't even back him. And he, he basically like, fine, I'll pay Wagner group to do it. I mean, it's bad, right? If us would've backed him, we could have had all the successes. We don't have the spine Man. What else do you want to talk about?


It's up to you. I'm your guest. I don't know if I can take any more bad news today. Sarah, what do you think about cash bail taking the FB I I mean I am looking forward to, I mean, You know, FBI to us is a huge failure. The Azi investigation's a nightmare. We passed them the mortar team last November. As I told you, we still don't have a response. You know, I talk about how we pass tips and threats to multiple government organizations. We pass 'em something I felt interesting, actionable that they could get ahead of an isis. No response. So no matter what, like his first day on the job, I wanna bug him. And so, You know, we still haven't got our Benghazi attackers watch listed, right?


Big, big problem. We're, we're completely upset about it. We've written, as I told you, like over a dozen congress people, but there's one Benghazi plotter and I've talked about him in the last episode and we did a whole report on him. We call it Al-Qaeda's Lord of War. And I'll say the long name again. So these Harris call him Musa Benli, but his name is Abdul Azim Ali Musa Ben Lee. And he's from the Aldo clan and Libya. But he was a 2012 Benghazi plotter. I've told you this before. And he is also involved in the US Homeland plot. He helped on the Hamas attacks and he's helping in some of the embassy US embassy attacks. And we want him put on the FBI most law wanted list. Like they can put one Benghazi attacker on the wanted list already.


Like this is like, this is ridiculous. He's continuing attacks against us and, and it's just, he's completely ignored, right? Because he was involved in Benghazi attacks, nobody cares. And look at all these other things he's doing. He was one of the big logistics guy for all these fighters in Syria. And then we act like we didn't even know all those guys got there. Guess what? If you were following him and targeting him, you would've seen all these fighters move there. Numerous people. I've been passing stuff for the US government about all these guys training in Afghanistan for Sierra. They didn't wanna hear it. They said, oh, there's numbers are exaggerated, we don't believe it. If this was happening, we'd see. It's like, no, you're not gonna see it. You lost 99% of intelligence collection. You rely on the Taliban now you are not gonna see it.


And it's like getting over their arrogance. You know, when we were in Benghazi, we knew we had no counter-terrorism collection, right? Like we hadn't really had under good offer. We relied on him and then we had no terrorist sources and terrorist groups in Benghazi at the time. We knew we were sitting ducks, right? I don't know how we can't get smart people to be honest and say, yeah, we don't have this collection. I don't have an asset. The US government, not I, I don't have an asset on Hamza bin Laden. I need to go make an asset on Hamza bin Laden. Right? Like I'm behind the curve. Why can't they do that? Why aren't they doing their jobs? Well, I mean the only thing that comes to my mind is we fucking pulled everybody out.


So there's literally no intelligence collection happening over there right Now. The other problem is, and Scott said this to you, and Scott's a hundred percent right, the allies we abandoned like hate the CIA, they hate huge parts of the military except maybe they're their their one friend. They are collecting info and won't even give it to us. I talked to some Afghans and they said, we actually passed some stuff to Israel. We'll never pass it to the United States. Think about that. They'll pass it to Israel. Wow. So the other part is, is we abandoned some quality people and they hate us now. So we're not going, we're we're not gonna get the information even if we try. 'cause they'll be like, screw you.


What, what we did. This is crazy. So, You know, I was talking to a CIA asset that got abandoned. Okay. And so I was like, well what, what happened? Like what did they do? And he said, they gave me a phone number and they said, when you get to the call the airport, call this number and we'll get you evacuated. Okay? It's a one-way number basically goes to a voice answering service. Right? So he is like, I called it, I called it, I called it, no one ever called me back. And he said, and then one day they turned it off. He had no way to ever recontact them again. They shut off the damn phone number. Holy shit. So they would have to, they would have to build completely new relationships.


And how do you, at that point With nobody, You didn't even gimme the respect to gimme a number. To call it a threat once or twice a year With zero footprint. Well I don't even know where to go from here. Me neither. You are the expert. I'm the expert. Yeah. You do this multiple times A week. I just, I don't, no, I mean, I mean I'm just talking As a country. I mean I know, I know. It's frustrating. You know, it just, it makes me worried from my kids. Like it's what I really worry about. Right? Because it's amazing, we only empower these terrorists for a few years, but look at what they've done with it.


And I think there's a real disconnect in the us. Like the US is like, yeah, well we haven't had terrorist attacks here. Yeah. Because we were over there killing 'em and now they plot, they train, we don't hit the camps. We used to bomb the camps. So Americans don't understand that those attacks didn't happen here because you and I were overseas stopping them. Yeah, right. And so they're like, yeah, it's fine. And the downplay, it's like, we've been saving you for 20 years, nobody's doing it anymore. So you better learn to save yourself, right? Yeah. So it's a very frustrating thing too. 'cause you can't get any support for this. They're like, oh, terrorism is just a political thing and they just try to bring fear into you and it's like, what are you talking about? So it's very frustrating.


Well that's, yeah, that's Americans, that's how they are. Man, that disconnected. But when do you think this is be kind of, I wanna wrap the interview up, but when Sure. When, how certain are you think we'll see something in 2025? I'm certain we'll either have embassy attacks in 2025 or the homeland attacker Both. All right, well there you have it folks. So Sarah Adams, former c I a Targeter. And like I said, we got a love-hate relationship.


I love having you, and I hate the information that you bring us because it's just, but You know, we need to know it because, because while the government doesn't want to take this, this shit seriously, a lot of citizens do, and You know, they're getting ready, a lot of people are getting ready. A lot of people are yanking their kids outta school 'cause of safety. A lot of people are, are at least yanking 'em out of, out of schools that have no, no safety precautions or, or any plan at all. And, and it's just, it's, You know, it's, it's important that that regular everyday Americans hear this stuff because like you said, like Scott man says, nobody's coming to save you.


This machine is no longer working. And so you better take matters into your own hands. And, and once again, Sarah, you write our intelligence newsletter every week, comes out every Monday, Benghazi Know Thy Enemy, we'll link it in the description and below and let's go get some lunch and I'll see you in a couple months. Sounds good. All right. Thanks again, Sarah. Thank you. Are you ready for football? Let's go.


Truly ready for football? Yes. Are you screaming for football? What the hell is happening? Dreaming for football, good times. Eating, sleeping, crafting, parenting, naming your pets and preparing for football. That sort Of stuff happening. Oh my goodness. Are you dancing? Jonesing Mahomes for football? That's what I'm looking forward to seeing. Good. Then you are ready for football with the rich Eyes and show podcast. They're ready. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.