
My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this


day, Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/results to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/results. Terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be Rick Ross,


Welcome to the show. Nice to be here. Sean, It's a pleasure to have you. Thank you. So I've been looking into taking a peek into secret societies and cults and kind of stuff like this, and you came across our radar and sounds like you are the expert and cults and, and kind of deprogramming people outta these things. And I'm just really fascinated in the subject and this, this is the first interview that I'm diving into this subject and I'm just, I'm really happy you're here. I'm excited about this one. It's, it's a heck of a subject. Yeah, yeah.


Well I'm gonna kick it off with an introduction. Okay. So, Rick Allen. Ross, you are globally recognized. You are a globally recognized expert on the inner workings of destructive cults, controversial groups, as well as subversive movements. You have been qualified, accepted, and testified as a court expert in 13 states, including the United States Federal Court since 1982. You've been studying, researching, and responding to problems, often posed by controversial authoritarian groups of movements. You've intervened in more than 500 deprogramming cases in various countries.


You were the only D programmer to work with members of the branch, Davids Davidsons prior to the Waco Siege. You've been called upon as an expert resource by law enforcement, including the B-A-T-F-F-B-I and United States Justice Department. You also have been a guest lecturer at many universities, including Penn, Carnegie Mellon and the University of Chicago. You are the executive director of the Cult Education Institute, author of the book, cults Inside Out, How People Get In and Can Get Out.


Your reputation has led you to becoming a paid consultant for C-B-S-C-B-C and Nippon of Japan television networks, as well as retained a technical consultant for both Miramax and Disney film studios. GQ Magazine identified you as America's leading cult expert in Britain's FHM Magazine named you America's number one cult buster. You previously worked as an expert consultant for Yof in the creation of the very popular video game, far Cry five, quite the intro. Thank you. Very interesting career.


I am curious what, what got you so interested in cults? You know, my, my grandmother was really like my best friend and when she was 82 and she was living in a nursing home, a bizarre kind of radical religious group, infiltrated the paid staff of the nursing home to target the elderly. And my grandmother was confronted and she told me about it. She was very upset that this woman who was a paid aid on the staff had tried to recruit her into this religious organization.


And I became an activist. I became an anti cult activist, community organizer back in the early eighties. And it grew out of my concern that groups were targeting the elderly. And then I would later find out targeting prisoners, literally a captive audience and also going after minor children without parental notification or consent. So what began for me as a personal interest because of my grandmother, grew into life's work. And here I am, 40 some years later, but it all started with my grandmother.


What was the, what was the, what was the cult that was after your grandmother? It, it was a fringe group that targeted Jews. My grandmother lived in a Jewish nursing home and this group felt that it was their mission to convert Jews to their group, which they identified as supposedly Hebrew Christians. But in fact the leader was an ordained Pentecostal minister. And the group was called the Jewish Voice Broadcast. I think they still exist though, under different leaders at the time.


My grandmother was confronted the leader was a man by the name of Lewis Kaplan, who had been raised as a Jew but had converted to Pentecostalism. And he felt that it was his mission to convert other Jews. And You know, I have no problem, Sean, with people preaching what they believe. I may not agree with it. That's that's fine. My issue is do not covertly enter into a nursing home staff with a hidden agenda. If you want to share your faith with people in the nursing home, come in the front door and say, Hey, I'm gonna do a Bible study, would you post this on your bulletin board?


And maybe some of your residents would like to participate? That I have no problem with. What I have a problem with is deceptive, You know, covert type of activities like the one that I dealt with with my grandmother. It's sneaky. It's very sneaky. It's Sneaky. And we'll get into that. A couple of things we gotta, I, I have to knock out before we get too into the weeds and I can't wait to do that. But I have a subscription account on Patreon. They are our top supporters, always have been. And they're the reason I get to do this and, and that you get to be here as well.


And so I, I offer them the opportunity to ask each guest a question. And so this one came in from Brandon White and he wants to know how can individuals protect themselves and their loved ones from falling victim to these groups. We're, we're gonna get into that a little bit later. So I'm gonna change the question just a little bit 'cause we are gonna cover this. What are a few things that, what are just a couple of of quick identifiers for somebody who might think that they would be, they're being recruited by a cult. What are some some quick identifiers?


Well, if you get involved with a group and the group is obsessed with a leader and that leader has no accountability and that leader seems to be an object of worship, that would be a red flag. Another red flag would be, is this group be, do, do they encourage, encourage people to become socially isolated? That is when you become involved with the group, they're kind of dissing your old friends and your family and they're encouraging you to make your life totally within this new social environment. That type of environment control, that type of social isolation would be another warning sign.


And it is the, is the leader open to criticism? Is the group open to criticism or do they characterize it in some negative way and dismiss it and You know, basically denigrate anyone that questions them. Because typically a group will have accountability for its leadership that may be democratic governance, financial transparency, and groups can, you can be involved in an organization and still be very active with your family, your old friends, people that become cut off and isolated because of a group that is a really big warning, warning flag that something is a, something's amiss.


How early does that kind of happen? Does that happen early on or is that they ease people into it? I would say that they ease people into it. And that's what I think people don't recognize is that it's a, it's indoctrination incrementally, it's a slow drip and you get involved. But I would say if your family starts to question and your old friends start to question what you're involved with, depending on their closeness to you and, and their concerns, that could be, that could be something that the group will become very concerned about very early on if, because what they want these groups is they want you to not have feedback from people outside of the group's control.


What they want is for you to be embedded within this environment that they control, where the only feedback you hear is reinforcement from other group members and the leader. So when your family begins to question the group and, and old friends begin to ask critical questions and the group responds by saying, well, you need to really kind of cut them off, that is a very much an early warning sign that could, could be a, a kind of trip wire to notify you, this is a problem, this group is a problem. Okay. Okay. Next thing.


Everybody that comes on the show gets a gift. Thank You. You're welcome. I don't know if you got any guesses. Well, oh, gummy bears. Those are vigilance league gummy bears. Alright. Made right here in the u s a legal in all 50 states. Fortunately, or maybe unfortunately for you, I don't know. Okay. But, but yeah, let's, let's get on with it. So I have one of the, one of the gentlemen on my team, he, he actually edits all of our, all of the episodes, all the show stuff is grew up in the Jehovah Witness community.


And he is what he likes to say, escaped that community. He calls it a cult. And, You know, some of the stuff that he has to say about what he's been through and kind of our discussion on the way here from your hotel, I was telling you, You know, his family has totally abandoned him. He doesn't talk to it is just, there's so many things that are fascinating to me about what they go through. And, and you had kind of mentioned that they have kind of moved away from the, from the cult. I don't know what, what, what, what, what, from the cult, it sounds like there's not as much of a cult As they used to be.


Am I correct, Sean? Look, the Jehovah's Witnesses have been around for over a hundred years. So what you see with some groups that be, that began as cults, which in my opinion, Jehovah's Witnesses began as a personality cult. They were led by Charles ts Russell, who devised their, You know, their belief system. And he was an absolute totalitarian leader. And he was the defining element and driving force of Jehovah's Witnesses. After he died, another dictator ruled over the witnesses, and that was a man named Rutherford. But after Rutherford died, power devolved into what is called the governing body.


And the governing body is like a dozen men who run Jehovah's Witnesses. And I would say that without the presence of a single personality, that is an object of worship, that is the defining element of the group. The group has changed from a personality cult led by one absolute leader to what could be seen as a destructive authoritarian organization, but not a personality cult as it once was. So what you see with some groups is they evolve and change, particularly when the founder leader dies.


And then the group may disintegrate and vanish or the group may have a successor as, as Russell did. And that group, by the way, Jehovah's Witnesses were once simply called the Russell Lights, which tells you quite a bit. So what now they have is the Russell Lights After Wow, they were called the Rite. So, so typically a group identifies with that leader to the extreme that they might be called by the leader's name. For example, the Unification Church founded by Reverend Moon was often called, the followers were called the Moonies.


And that was because of how strong their identification was with Reverend Moon, who was an object of worship. So in my opinion, the Jehovah's Witnesses continue to be a destructive authoritarian organization, but I would not call them a destructive cult. I think they've evolved beyond that point, but they still have practices such as their encouragement of their members not to, to have blood transfusions, which results in deaths every year. And also they have very extreme beliefs about the world. The reason that they don't salute the flag or, or, or pledge allegiance or belong to organizations is because per their belief system, they believe that there is only one organization established by Jehovah God on Earth, and that is Jehovah's Witnesses.


And therefore they cannot have any dual loyalty or allegiance. And this is the reason they're not open to being in a political party, voting being in the armed services. And in fact, they became conscientious objectors at, at during time, and so on. But today, if you leave the witnesses and about 50% of the young people that are raised witnesses will eventually leave. You may be cut off by your family and they have a practice called Disfellowship or shunning. And if you leave and they announce that you have been disfellowship, your family may shun you.


While we may have won this election, the fight to restore a great nation has just begun. Now is the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile is leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile helps support the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life in our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade their 100%. US-based customer service support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code SRS. Switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend your freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


As you've heard on my show before, there are bad guys out there who want to try to take us down. It's all they think about. And if you ask me, this could happen at any time, will it be terrorists, hackers? We don't know. I just think there's a possibility that something's coming. That's why I'm asking you to get prepared and I'm making it easy. Go right now to prepare with sean.com and you'll see a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply for a hundred dollars off their three month kit provides 2000 calories a day. The amount most people need in an emergency down to the calorie, they've studied survival and know what they're doing. If you're like me and want to help take control of your family safety, this could be your chance. Go to prepare with sean.com and get $100 off a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply.


Prepare with sean.com. Now, some witnesses may navigate that a bit more carefully. For example, Michael Jackson was raised a witness and he left, but his family continued to talk to him. Some would argue, well he was a rich celebrity and they gave him special treatment, but on the other hand, I think he did what was called disassociation. So there was a little bit more of a nuanced departure for him and he wasn't cut off by his family. So I think it's possible to navigate out of the witnesses without that. But many, many people are shunned and disfellowshiped and they go through an enormous amount of pain and suffering.


And I have testified in court many times about the witnesses in custody cases and in one wrongful death case, the Kauflin case, which we talked about on the way over, and You know what happens is, let's say there's a couple and they're both witnesses, but one leaves divorce and then custody battle over the minor children. And it can get very intense where the children really get caught in this war or struggle because the witnesses feel that, You know, they can't celebrate birthdays, they can't celebrate Christmas, they don't acknowledge holidays.


Only the Watchtower Bible and Track Society and Jehovah's Witnesses is, is what they celebrate or adhere to or whatever. So the end result is that the child is in the middle and the parents are fighting and the witness parent wants to raise the child as a witness. And frequently what happens is they will, if they have custody, turn that child against the non witness parent. This Is happening to my editor right now, right? He, he has a son and this, you're describing this perfectly, it's almost like, it's almost like there's a textbook out there or something on how to do it.


They've lied to the kid, they've turned him completely against him, his family, his disowned him. It's, it's, it's really sad to see it happen, You know? Well, I have, I've testified in these custody cases and in most of the cases that I've testified in, I Of course I am working for the parent who is not a witness. One case, for example, that I, that I worked on, the, the father had become a witness, even though he wasn't one when he married his wife and they had their children And it became a source of friction.


And the end result was that the wife divorced him and I testified about how the witnesses and their beliefs would impact the children and how it would affect them. For example, they couldn't be a boy scout or a girl scout, they couldn't be in, in little league. They, they couldn't celebrate holidays, they couldn't go to a Christmas party and so on. So the mother ended up with primary custody and the father had visitation and his visitation was prescribed in the sense that he could not take the children and indoctrinate them in the witnesses and he could not go with them, for example, door to door as witnesses do, You know, handing out tracks and trying to recruit people because the witnesses, unlike most religions, are intolerant of other religious beliefs in a way that is very extreme that creates an impossibility of, of compromise.


Whereas most parents could work that out. It's very difficult for the parent who is not a witness to work it out with a witness parent. And so I've seen a number of divorces, child custody battles over situations like that. And also the courts have had to intervene to get a child life sustaining blood transfusions because a parent who's a witness believes that by getting a blood transfusion for their child, they have committed a horrible wrong and they're encouraged by the leaders in their, in their church, their kingdom hall, the elders not to do that.


And so the courts have had to intervene at times and order that a child does receive a blood transfusion. And I guess the premise for that would be that the child has a right to life. The parents have a right to believe As they wish to believe, and as adults to refuse a blood transfusion, but they do not have the right to make that choice for their child who has a a right to to live. And so the courts have intervened in a number of cases like that. So, so there have been a number of things that have occurred like that. And also the witnesses have had a problem similar to the Catholic church in regards to sexual abuse of minor children within the witnesses.


And that is their refusal to go to the authorities to have people arrested and instead to kind of keep it within the witness community. And that has caused a lot of people who have suffered from abuse to feel that they were betrayed by the leadership of the witnesses. That Seems to be a commonality in a lot of these cultish and cult type organizations. What, what is the, why do they, I mean, when they recruit somebody into a cult, I don't know the percentage, but it has to be, it has to be like 99% of people realize that molesting children is, is pure evil.


So when you get a cult like Jehovah's Witness and, or, or, or, or an authorit author, what did you call an authoritarian organization? A destructive authoritarian organization. What, How do they manipulate somebody off the street who knows sexual abuse and exploitation of children is wrong? How do they get 'em to, I mean, how do they get 'em to look the other way? Well, When You know, this is happening Within, within the witnesses and within certain groups, they would say that it is in the best interest of the group.


And that the ends justify the means. We are the witnesses. We are Jehovah's God, we are Jehovah God's, You know, established organization on earth. We should not suffer a scandal. This would discredit us. This would cause problems for us. And in the better interest of the group and its, and its larger goals, we will make that sacrifice. Now there are cults that actually man have mandated sexual abuse, for example, mandated Sexual abuse. Yeah. There, there was a group, the children of God that was started by a man by the name of Moses, David Berg, who's now Dead River Phoenix.


Joaquin Phoenix were at one time included in this group because their parents joined and they, they were involved in the group and the leader was a pedophile. And he mandated that adults in the group molest children. And he molested his own children, including his granddaughter, who I met and his daughter who I also met. And You know, this was a insidious, horribly destructive cult. And they would escape accountability to the authorities by creating, You know, kind of isolated communities and cutting their people off from any means of reporting.


But the mandate was, this is holy, this is right, this is what we do. And within this controlled environment where people were cut off from an outside frame of reference, from feedback from others, and children were being raised in this environment and this was their normal, this horrible things went on within that community. And I've talked to many young people, young adults that were raised within children of God and suffered horribly and, and, and felt very conflicted because they would say to me, Rick, You know, I love my dad and I love my mom, but at the same time I hate them because they brought me into this organization.


I know they were true believers and they themselves were tricked and, and, and, You know, controlled by the group. But horrible things happened to me. I suffered sexual abuse as a child And it was mandated by this group. And I I wouldn't have been in it if my parents hadn't joined. And I think one of the things we often forget is that there are children that are being raised within groups that have been called destructive cults, and they have no option. They turn to their family, their parents for protection and a sense of safety, but their parents are manipulated and controlled by the leaders of these groups, and they're not there to protect their own child.


Wow. I mean, what, what is, so how do they, we're gonna get into this a lot more, but for just for a frame of reference. I mean, how, what is the, do they have an explanation on why they need to molest and exploit kids sexually inside that cult? In the case of children of God, it was just a bizarre twisting of scriptures. So this was a way of showing love. This was some kind of divine love that they were sharing, You know, and, and Berg Moses, David Berg would also tell the women in the group that they should recruit men by offering themselves sexually.


And this was called flirty fishing. And then later they would actually charge for sex with, with men that they would try to recruit. And they were called hookers for Christ. And I mean, this sounds bizarre, but this is how bizarre some of some of these groups are. Probably one of the most insidious groups was the fundamentalist church of Jesus Christ, of the Latter Day Saints, the FLDS. And that is the polygamist organization that was led by Warren Jeffs, who's now in prison in Texas. And there were thousands of people that followed Jeffs.


And these were people that were raised within polygamy for generations, for some of these groups go back a hundred years, and they lived in relatively isolated communities where the group controlled the police, they controlled the school, they controlled everything there. One community was Colorado City, Arizona, another was Hilldale, Utah. Now these groups have been kind of dealt with through the law, and Jeffs is in prison, but for the children, they don't know any other life for their families. They don't know any other life.


And there were girls that were literally raped by Jeff's and, and others in the group, and they were minor children. So only in recent years has law enforcement began to really deal with these communities. One would be the FLDS, another would be the Kingston clan in Utah that also was guilty of, of this type of abuse. So, You know, there, there are about 50,000 people living in polygamist communities in North America. So, so that would be another group where things w would go on inside the group that outsiders would not know and that the group would control.


And people suffered, in particular children, Man. What are some of the most prevalent cults today? Well, I would say we, we've touched upon the polygamist groups and then there are, in my opinion, Scientology would be a group that I would be concerned about, even though there are many celebrities involved in it, it's a shrinking organization, but they still control a great many people and they have an enormous amount of money and property that they control.


That group was started by El Ron Hubbard, the science fiction writer who, You know, ultimately created a, a, a religion that has tax exempt status in the United States and now is run by a man by the name of David Avi, who took over after El Ron Hubbard died. And so there are prominent people involved in Scientology, like Tom Cruise, John Travolta. Interestingly, I had always thought over the years that if a celebrity that was in Scientology left and turned on them, that could be where celebrity recruitment, which often helped them could be a two-edged sword that cut both ways.


And that happened when Leah Remini, You know, the sitcom star left Scientology and started to speak out against them. And she has accomplished an enormous amount of good, basically explaining what's going on inside Scientology and how it affected her. And she was raised by Scientology parents to be a Scientologist. So, so that is an organization that, that I look at quite a bit and get quite a few complaints about. And I would say that most of these groups are relatively small.


They might have a few hundred followers, some of them have a few thousand, Scientology might have 25 to 50,000 people involved. At this point though, they claim to have many more people than that. And then there's the Unification Church, which was founded by Reverend Moon, which still exists within the United States and internationally and has a very strong presence in Japan. So there are just, there's so many groups and many of them recruit online, they recruit through social media platforms, they have YouTube channels, they have Twitter X accounts, they're on Instagram.


There's even a group led by Robert Shen who had something called seven M Films. And the Zeina Church that is nicknamed the, the TikTok Cult because his followers, dancers and entertainers do very popular videos on TikTok and Shin makes money from these people and they live in group housing. And there's a documentary now on Netflix in which they allege that this is a cult group that they manipulate and control their members and that they cause families to be cut off.


And a number of people that were in Dina Church and were associated with Robert Shin have spoken out. And then, You know, there are just so many of these groups, You know, it's hard to keep track of them. But I I do try to create a, through the Cult Education Institute, a database where people can find information. You know, when, when you say, I want to explore Scientology for a little bit, but when you, when when, when the leader of a cult, when the torch gets passed, how do they, how's that person selected?


Well, in the case of David Vic, it's interesting because he was in his twenties when El Ron Hubbard died. And he was like his, his gatekeeper. He was in full-time as a Scientology member of staff, and his job was to take care of, and, and he was like a courier, a messenger for El Ron Hubbard. And he was able to use that position as gatekeeper to then promote himself into a position of absolute leader of Scientology. David Miscavige has held that position for many, many years.


And I would, in my opinion, El Ron Hubbard was not a nice guy, but probably an easier leader to deal with than David Misage, who many people that have left Scientology say is a very harsh, very punitive leader. And so, so I would say that in the case of Scientology, it's things seem to have gone from, from bad to worse under the leadership of David Miscavige. That's my view. And and I think that even though he had the breakthrough of getting tax exempt status for Scientology and, and building it as a financial empire, that certainly worth more than a billion dollars.


It it's shrinking from the standpoint of membership. But there these people that are called Sea org members, the Sea Organization, SCA and El Ron Hubbard was in the Navy. And so he kind of fancied himself as a leader of a kind of naval organization. And at one time he lived on a ship with many of his loyal followers. So what evolved is this organization of staff called the Sea Organization, and there are thousands of them, and they staff various facilities for Scientology and their entire lives are, are controlled, monitored by Scientology.


And by the way, I've testified as an expert in court regarding Scientology and one of the most, and I've done a number of interventions to help people leave Scientology. And I write about that in my book. And I think it's a very difficult organization for people to leave because if you have family in Scientology or friends, and there are people that have been raised in Scientology, their whole life is Scientology. There's a policy called Disconnection, which would be the extreme equivalent of what Jehovah's Witnesses called Disfellowship in Scientology, it's called disconnection.


And so they declare someone as a, what they call a suppressive person, and then you are to disconnect from them, which means it's over, you have nothing to do with them. And it's, it's rumored that this is the reason that Nicole Kidman's adopted children. Connor and Isabella Cruz have very little to do with her because they were raised in Scientology. And it's also been said that the reason that Katie Holmes left her marriage with Tom Cruise was because of Scientology and that he has very little to do with his daughter Sury because of Scientology.


So what do, what is the basis of Scientology? What do they believe? Scientology is really kind of a self-help organization or that's how they sell themselves. So they have courses, they have curriculum, and you go through these ascending levels first you reach what they call clear. And then there are eight different levels above clear. They call them operating fate in level one, two, all the way to eight. OT eight, Tom Cruise, I think is an OT seven, John Travolta, an OT seven, Jenna Elman, I think also an OT seven.


Danny Masterson, by the way, was in, was very much involved in Scientology. And the women that he raped said that because they were Scientologists this, this abuse did not come out for a number of years. And Of course eventually he was convicted. Now he's in prison. So what Scientologists do is they go through what's called auditing, which is also referred to as a kind of spiritual counseling. And you sit with a person who is an auditor. You hold these metal cans, which are connected by wires to a box called an E-meter, which is really like part of a lie detector.


It measures nervous tension in your hands And it makes the needle move. And so you are asked questions about your life and what's going on in your life by the auditor. Tom Cruise has gone through this, John Travolta, Leah Remini at one point, and they take copious notes and they look at the E-meter to see when the needle moves and when it moves, they know you're nervous about what they're asking you, and then they can drill down into that. And people sign forms releasing their files to Scientology. So Scientology has the goods on you.


They know all about your life. They do this in what they call a process to deal with the negative reactive mind that is to help you. It's all done under the idea that this is to help you become a better person, to realize your full potential. Tom Cruise has many times, praise Scientology. He says that it cured him of dyslexia. Other Scientologists will make similar claims. And Scientology considers itself the ultimate science of the mind, which is why they are very antagonistic to mental health professionals who they see as if you will, a competing source of help, an alternative to what they regard as the way to deal with your mind and your problems.


So Scientologists pay a lot of money for auditing. They pay a lot of money for these courses and, and on and on it goes. And it can be quite expensive moving up the o OT levels, doing Scientology. It's, I've heard a lot of rumors about people that have tried to escape this, that have been blocked away, kind of kidnapped. And what is, what do you make of this? Is that true? Well, You know, on occasion Scientologists will have problems, You know, that are not apparently effectively dealt with by Scientology.


They may have a psychotic break, they may have problems because they, they're schizophrenic or, or they're deeply depressed. And Scientology says that they can cure these problems, but, but they apparently can't because there are families that say a suicide occurred because their family member did not get the help they needed or that they were in lockdown in Scientology because that was what Scientology felt they needed, though they did not.


And what Is a lockdown? What is that? Well, they, they will, they will isolate a person and monitor them during a period of time, which they believe will resolve their problem. And You know, this, this happens with certain situations with Scientology and people may not get the help that they need. Of course. How long Could somebody be locked down? Well, there are people that have been locked in what's called the Rehabilitation Project force, You know, within Scientology, this is a program that Scientology runs where if you are deemed to be a problem, you can be isolated in a rehabilitation project for months, years.


And so it's a Reeducation program. It supposedly is going to help this person to be, to be a better, more productive member of society of Scientology. But in reality, people that have been a part of this program, which they're, they become isolated in this facility in Hemmit, California, they, they feel it's like a prison. And there have been people held there for long periods of time, and there have been people that claim they escaped from that program. So I would say that Scientology is a very, can be a very harsh, very controlling organization for people.


And this can cause a lot of problems. And I've had complaints about Scientology going back decades.


Are you looking for a voice that truly represents your values? Meet amac, the association of mature American citizens founded in 2007, AMAC was created to champion the needs of Americans who believe in faith, family, and freedom. Today, AMAC is over 2 million members strong in growing. The mission is simple but powerful to protect the interest of all freedom loving Americans, advocate for common sense policies, and offer incredible member benefits, including the award-winning AMAC Magazine to exclusive discounts on travel, insurance and everyday services to a strong voice in Washington. AMAC is here to make a difference in your life and our nation. Joining AMAC isn't just about benefits, it's about belonging to a community that stands for timeless American values. And right now, regardless of your age, they're offering an incredible deal. Enroll in a five year AMAC membership for 47% off. Visit AMAC us slash SS today to take advantage of this special offer that's amac us slash ss. Join AMAC and be part of a movement that stands for you, your family, and your future.


As many of You know, life can be extremely unpredictable, which is why taking care of my family financially is the number one priority on my list. Fabric by Gerber life is term life insurance. You can get done right from your couch all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit your family and your budget. Like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. There's a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. So there's no risk. Fabric is more than life insurance. Free digital wills, access to investment accounts to invest for your kids' future and more and manage it all right from your phone. Join the thousands of parents who trust fabric to help protect their family. Apply today and s minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean. That's mefa.com/sean. MEE tfa.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health questions.


So when you say, When These people were put into the, the whatever, I can't remember what you call it, the reeducation camp, is that against their will? If, if someone is put in that camp, it is with their consent, but I would argue how did that consent, how was that consent obtained? What was the process? Because there, there, there have been allegations that it can be quite coercive, quite manipulative to get that person to, to go to that rehabilitation program.


And it's a very, very harsh environment according to people who have left. So I would say that they are acting against their own best interest by being there. And in my opinion, that would be a sign of undue influence that people are acting against their own best interests, but conforming to what the leadership wants them to do, which is in the leadership's best interest. So in my opinion, Scientology exercises very extreme undue influence over its members. In my book, I wrote about a Scientologist that I was asked to intervene to get him out of Scientology.


He had joined when he was 22. He had been in Scientology for 27 years. Wow. He was almost 50 when I met him. And his whole life had been Scientology from the time he was 22. And his wife was not a full blown Scientologist. His two children had not become Scientologists, but they had not objected. They had done courses, they had kind of placated him in Scientology though. They had concerns. They didn't really want to be all in. And so what happened was, at one point Scientology wanted him to become a Sea org member.


They wanted him to go to a, a Scientology facility, live there, become full-time and leave his family and divorce his wife. And he told his wife this, and then his family decided to do an intervention. And it, boy, that was a tough one. But eventually he decided to leave Scientology. And I think the point of that, that he kind of had an epiphany that opened his mind to the possibility that Scientology wasn't quite what he thought was when we talked about what's called the purification rundown.


And this is a drug treatment kind of all toxin out of your body treatment that Scientology does, which is a process of saunas ingesting vegetable oil, large doses of niacin. And supposedly they, they can leach the toxins out of your body. And this is premised on the belief that was cr that was posited by El Ron Hubbard, the creator of Scientology. That if you use drugs, if for example you once used LSD or you once used some type of prescribed drug that was not good, such as Scientology would say that any psychiatric prescribed drug is a negative thing.


So Scientology believes that that drug is in the fatty tissues of your body indefinitely. And that only through the purification rundown can it be extracted. And that if it isn't extracted, you're at risk. Because at any time that might be released into your blood and then you would hallucinate, you would, you would have a problem functioning. And so Scientology charges money to do the purification rundown and people go through this. And when I was working with this man who had been in Scientology for 27 years, I said to him, You know that medical science has proven that drugs do not reside in your fatty tissue indefinitely.


And a drug test will show the presence of drugs for only a certain period of time that they, they flow out of the body, You know, and they're no longer there. And he found that very, very difficult to, to believe. And so I showed him a great deal of documentation and evidence and I said, look, when El Ron Hubbard wrote this, that was back in the fifties, it was a long time ago, but science has moved forward. And the the research shows that Hubbard was wrong. And so science isn't static.


It evolves based on research and, and new information. And so what happened in Scientology is they're stuck because they can't ever question what Hubbard wrote. And so at that point, he, he really had this kind of epiphany and he said, wait a minute, Scientology, that's supposed to be like a play on science and that it's more than just a religious belief, it's somehow scientific. And yet you're showing me that something that is believed by Scientologists, that they claim is scientifically true, is not.


And Scientology, because it's so rigid, cannot evolve beyond that because as Isaac Hayes once said, who was a Scientologist, what El Ron Hubbard said is immutable. It is always true forever. And so in that sense, Scientology is most clearly a religion based on belief. And when that belief in Hubbard conflicts with scientific research, they will go with Hubbard, not with the research, but at this point where this man was unplugged from his Scientology community with his family, had a chance to independently review the research.


He concluded, wait a minute. So it's not scientific and Scientology may be a play on the word science, but it's not science based. And this belief should have been changed and the purification rundown is flawed. And once he saw that, if you will crack, it just opened up, opened up. And then he was able to realize, wait a minute, I I don't wanna leave my wife. I've been married for many years, I don't wanna leave my kids. They love me. How, how often can I see them if I'm of a full-time Sea org member?


So he, at the pleadings of his family and with this kind of recognition of some of the flaws in Scientology decided to leave. Wow. What's it like for you as a d programmer? I mean, when you see, when you see the epiphany happen, It's, it's awesome because in my opinion, the people that I'm working with are, are really prisoners, You know, psychologically, emotionally in these groups. And to see them be able to break free and think for themselves and think independently and then literally think their way out, which is the antithesis of what the group wants for them, I think that's a really great thing.


And in some of the interventions that I've done, for example, I did an intervention in Europe in which a man who had diabetes was told by the group that he could meditate his, his cure, that he didn't have to use insulin. And he almost died three times before his family brought me in. We did an intervention, and quite honestly, he didn't abandon meditation, he continued to believe many of of the group's teachings, but he decided I'm going to take my insulin because he had a little girl who was about two, and he had a wife who loved him and he wanted to live, but the group had told him, no, you can meditate and your diabetes will be cured.


This is a group called Fa Gong, which originated in China and is known in the United States largely through a dance company. It runs called She y, which is supposedly Chinese traditional dance. They also control a newspaper called the Epic Times. And just recently, the CFO of the Epic Times was charged with money laundering millions of dollars. We'll see how that works out. But for, for me, what I see with Fong Gong is people are being taught that they can meditate away medical problems and that can be lethal.


And I've, I've dealt with that a number of times where someone is in a group, the group is teaching them that they don't have to take a lifesaving medication that they need, and as a result, their life is in danger and the family brings me in and I'm sitting with them and it's life or death. And so I think when I have a breakthrough with someone and they leave the group as a direct result of the intervention, I'm very happy for the family, very happy for them that they can move on with their life. Back to the back to the Scientology stuff, you had mentioned that the, the reeducation process can be extremely harsh.


What kind of stuff are they doing? Well, according to stories that have filtered out from Hemmett, California, where they have this rehabilitation community, according to stories that have filtered out about this rehabilitation community, they live in very extreme situations. They lack proper living conditions. It can be very hot in Hemet, California. There, there are accounts that they, they will live without proper air conditioning, that the facilities are, are not properly clean and well maintained.


That they are subjected to humiliating punishments and ridicule such. Well, one woman claimed that that, that they ridiculed her, that they called her names, that they made her basically grovel in, in this facility. And there have been people that claim that they can't reach family members once they are in this facility. So this is really of concern. Now Scientology will say they are here voluntarily.


And I would say if there was a wellness check done by police and local police and Hammett came to the Hammett facility, golden Era Studios where they make promotional videos and such for Scientology as well, that if they interviewed these people in a wellness check, they would say, I'm okay. I am okay staying here. But the issue for me is getting them out of the facility to be with their family for a period of time where they're not under the control or the influence of Scientology. And then maybe they would, they wouldn't say that.


They would say, no, I don't want to go back. It's, it's very harsh there. But for those people that are in that facility, they feel that this is warranted, that this is part of what Scientology is doing to help them. And probably if the police came by and did a wellness check, they would say, I'm fine. Wow. Wow. That's, I mean, do, is there, is there any proof of this if, or is it all kind of as you keep seeing words like allegedly and reports of and stuff like that, has there ever been a, a wellness check by police or a federal law enforcement agency on this?


I I am not certain to what extent it's been investigated. There have been, there's been talk that the FBI at times has been involved in looking into Scientology. For example, David Miscavige, his wife, Shelly Avi, she was not, has not been seen in public for a long period of time. And there were allegations made by Leah Romani and others that, You know, where's Shelly Misc, what happened to her? And later it was discovered that she is in a relatively comfortable but isolated Scientology facility in Northern California.


And I think there was a wellness check done. And I think that she probably said, I'm fine. And she's, I would say isolated and sequestered there. But from her point of view, I'm doing what Scientology expects me to do. I'm a loyal Scientologist. She doesn't question the situation, but many people feel that she was put there by her husband, the supreme leader of Scientology, to isolate her because he just, for whatever reason, didn't want to be with her anymore. Wow. As they had been. And so he put her there. And so I would say that there are Scientologists who may be feeling that their life is very difficult and that they're going through a lot of hardship.


But basically Scientology is teaching them to suck it up and to accept this as part of your, of your process of being a better human being, and that we know what is in your best interest better than you do. And so when some, when people leave destructive cults, many times they have not sorted things out and they feel there's something wrong with me. I couldn't hack it. I wasn't good enough, I wasn't loyal enough. Very similar to people in abusive controlling relationships, self-blaming, You know, hurt, looking at themselves and saying, look, it's really, it's my fault what happened.


Instead of looking at the person who was an abusive controlling partner, or the organization that was abusive and controlling and recognizing that they were to blame and that they, the person who was hurt is really a victim. So for people leaving cults, it's a process of sorting it out of, in in essence deprogramming themselves. And what they often do is, this is done through a process of education where they read about cults, they read about the manipulate manipulation that goes on in cults, what we call brainwashing.


And they sort it out and they begin to recognize what happened to them. But until they do that, they may blame themselves rather than the organization that hurt them. Wow. Speaking of the brainwashing stuff, how does the thought reform or brainwashing, how does that, how do they start that process? Can we just go through the whole thing? There have been books and, and research done about the process of manipulation that is orchestrated mandated system systematically within cult groups. For example, the book, coercive Persuasion by Edgar Schein, a psychologist, a professor at MIT.


And the book's Thought Reform in the Psychology of Totalism by the psychiatrist Robert j Lifton, who taught at Harvard. And so these books inform, in large part our understanding. Another excellent book is influenced by Robert Chelini, which explores the basic structure of influence, the six principles as he would identify them. So by understanding these, these, this research, this body of research, we can better understand what happens to people in destructive cults. Shine would say there are three stages of coercive persuasion.


First you break people down, then when they are broken down, you then provide the means and, and the, the process of change that you want. And they become changed. You manipulate them in that diminished broken state to be changed. And then after that, you refreeze them in that changed state, which is accomplished in large part by social isolation, peer reinforcement, and so on. So what happens to people in, in, in a group, like, I'll, I'll give you an example.


Synanon was a drug rehab community that then became a destructive cult founded by Charles Dietrich in California. And they came up with what is called attack therapy or the hot seat. So they would take a member of the community, put them in a, the center of a circle of people, and those people would bombard them with everything that was wrong with them, everything they needed to look at to change. And so they would break them down. And then once they were broken and groups have various processes by which they break people down, then you are open to change because you feel I, I am broken, I, I am, I am desperate for answers.


Help me. So you're in distress. And then the group offers you the program the means by which you can address your broken state and make yourself whole. And then subsequently you become part of this kind of subculture or community of like-minded people who reinforce that changed state of being and keep you in that state of change in that program. And so Lifton then has eight criteria, which he lists to recognize a thought reform program, for example, what he calls milieu control or control of the environment or what he would call the cult of confession.


That is, in my view, what Scientology is doing in auditing. That is get people to empty themselves with virtually no boundaries so that You know all their weaknesses, all their vulnerabilities, which you can then exploit. And then the group has what Lifton calls a sacred science, which is what we believe is absolute. And you cannot question it if you do, you are unscientific, you are ungodly, you are demonic, whatever. But the group holds out its belief system as absolute without being able to question anything.


And then there's the demand for purity, which lifton describes as a kind of black and white world, no shades of gray, where you are forced to either be the good and the pure or, or recognize that what you believe or what you think is impure and negative. So you're purging your mind and you're purging your emotions to conform with that demand for purity. And, and then there's what lifton calls doctrine over person, which is basically the subordinating of everything to the sacred science of the group.


So that everything you see must be seen through that lens. And you are doing this also again to yourself where you feel that any doubts, any misgivings you have are impure, are are negative, are wrong, and therefore need to be purged according to the doctrine. So what Lifton would say is if these eight criteria, and they're eight of them are, if they're evident in a group, whether they admit it or not, they're using thought reform. And what Shine would say is this process of coercive persuasion, likewise can be identified.


And he first studied it through the reeducation programs in communist China. And so this is really kind of the seminal research that forms the foundation for our understanding of what process goes on inside cults that changes people in such a way that we, from the outside look at them and we say, wow, those people are crazy. Why do they believe that stuff? But what we don't get is the process they have been put through to get where they're at and how controlled that environment that they're in really is. To the extent that they have had the, they have been in a sense forced to accept a new normal, which is the beliefs and the and and the behavior within the group that we would regard as bizarre.


But within that Babbel that they exist in that alternate reality is seen as totally normal. Wow. Wow. Fascinating stuff. Rick, let's take a quick break and when we come back, I want to dive into NX Im, oh, Okay, Perfect. Americans have a lot of pressure on them these days. With inflation prices, rising bills going up and a lot of people are carrying really high credit card balances that charge 20% or more each and every month.


Now's the time to get rid of those homeowners. If you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you need to call the team at American Financing Today. American Financing, salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their homes equity to get out of high interest debt. They're saving their customers an average of $800 a month. Saving that kind of money every month should make the decision really easy for you. All it takes is a 10 minute no cost obligation phone call to find out how much you can save. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today, (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or American Financing dot net slash ss.


It's seeming more and more like we're about to hit an inflation cycle like we saw in the seventies. President Reagan once said that inflation is as violent as a mugger, as frightening as an armed robber, and as deadly as a hitman. And I couldn't agree more. The price of gold during the last inflation cycle during the seventies was a saving grace for a lot of people that were trying to protect their savings.


That's why I want you to go to Sean likes gold.com to learn more about my partners over at Goldco. They're a great company, impeccable customer service. And for my listeners, they're gonna give you a free gold and silver kit where you can learn about how precious metals could help protect your money. And lucky for you, you could also get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. To learn more, call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold, or visit sean likes gold.com. That's 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold, or visit sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


Alright, Rick, we're back from the break and we're getting ready to dive into NX vm, which I know you had a big part in, not in the cult, but, but deprogramming and, and getting involved with some court stuff. So could you go into that a little bit? Well, that, that, this all started in around 2001, 2002, and I was approached by a family in New Jersey that their, their, their son and two daughters were involved in NX Im, and I had never heard of it actually at that point it was called Executive Success Programs or ESP and the people involved were called espn and they followed a guy named Keith Ranieri, who at one point had been an Amway distributor.


And then he created a big MLM multilevel marketing company called Consumer Byline, which was sued out of existence by Attorney Generals in different states. And then after that folded, he created ESP Executive Success Programs, which evolved into N Im and that was a seminar selling company that basically marketed courses very expensive that people would attend for self-improvement. And Ranieri had what he called a philosophy that he taught through NX Im, which was called Rational Inquiry.


And really what I came to find out was that nex Im was actually an amalgam of things that Ranier had copied largely from Scientology. He copied much of what they teach, and then he also incorporated kind of the structure of another organization called Landmark Education, formerly known as EST Erhard Seminars training, their kind of training structure. And then he also fancied Ayne Rand, the author of, You know, Atlas Shrugged and, and Fountainhead. And he incorporated many of her beliefs regarding Objectiveism into his philosophy.


And then he created multi-level marketing for his trainers, his coaches that he adapted from his experience with Amway and his previous failed MLM. And this family came to me and they said, our son, our daughters are involved in this. Our, our son-in-law's involved. Will you please help me? Help us? And so I examined, I investigated and I realized that Nex Im was, was really a large group awareness training company. And that the kind of training that they offered was very extreme and, and I would say indicative of a thought reform program and coercive persuasion as opposed to anything really educational.


And that is that the ultimate goal, in my opinion, that NEX Im had was to create people who would be deployable agents for nex Im, that they would do whatever Keith Ranier wanted, give him all their money, work long hours for very little compensation. It was all about just serving Keith Ranieri and his co-founder, Nancy Salzman. They actually would call Ranier Vanguard, that was his title. And every year there would be what was called Vanguard Week, which would be the celebration of his birthday.


People would bring him gifts, praise him. And Nancy Salzman was called Prefect. So they ruled over this community, which eventually would include thousands of people in the United States and Canada, in Mexico, there would be celebrities that would become involved. The actress Allison Mack from the television series, Smallville, for a period of time, Catherine Oxenberg, who starred in Dynasty, the television series from the eighties she was involved and her hus then husband, Casper Van Diem, and their, and their daughter also was involved.


So this became a very large operation. And in particular, two heirs to the Seagrams Liquor Fortune, Sarah and Claire Broffman became involved and they control hundreds of millions of dollars. And it has been reported that Ranieri got approximately a hundred million from the Bronfmans that was then used by him at his behest for whatever he wanted. So this went on for a number of years, and I did interventions for this family in New Jersey getting three of, of their family members out.


But one son would remain and much to their sorrow, I think he stayed in until almost the bitter end when Keith Ranieri was arrested. And what happened within NX Im was what happens with a lot of totalitarian cults where the leader has no accountability, ranieri, like many of the cult leaders I've dealt with, in my opinion, he, he would fit. And many people have described him mental health professionals as a psychopath or a malignant narcissist. So this kind of individual just gets worse, especially in a cult environment where everyone is agreeing with him constantly and there are no checks or balances.


So his behavior became more and more outrageous. He sexually exploited women in the group. And then this escalated until in the end he created a kind of secret society, a cult within a cult that were sex slaves and these sex slaves, sex slaves. And these women would be branded with a cauterizing iron with no anesthetic, and in their pelvis would be engraved what later was understood to be his initials. And it was that that was finally the tipping point. How many women Were Part of that?


How many women, how many women are out there with his initials branded on them? Well, the, the women that were branded, I'm not sure exactly how many. I think it's safe to say that there were a number of women that were branded. One would eventually, Sarah Edmondson would allow her the brand to be photographed. And it was on the front page of the New York Times. And that was the beginning of the end for Keith Ranieri, who was eventually arrested for sex trafficking, racketeering fraud. And also he was found to be in possession of child pornography. And so it was a horrible, horrible cult.


But it was a process of years that this went on. And I was a witness to the escalating destructive behavior of Ran and how no matter how much money he had, no matter how much power he acquired, he wanted more and more and more. And it was about humiliating women having control over women and just plundering money from his followers. Eventually he would be arrested by Mexican authorities in Puerto bta, and then he would be brought to the border and deported, and he would stand trial in Brooklyn.


And I would testify against him as a fact witness Ranier. I would, I was the first person to expose Ranier and, and, and talk about what he was doing. And there were two doctors, a psychiatrist and a psychologist, a clinical psychologist who wrote papers that I published at the Cult Education Institute database, which were a review of the process that Ranieri was putting people through. And they would use Lifton's eight criteria, shines three stages of coercive persuasion to offer an analysis of what he was really doing, which was he was breaking people down, manipulating them, indoctrinating them to become essentially his, his deployable agents, his his slaves.


And those papers became the subject and focus of a lawsuit that Ranier filed against me that would go on for 14 years in federal court in New York and New Jersey. Ultimately, the, the lawsuit was dismissed before he was arrested, but that's how long he continued to harass me. And he wanted me to take these papers down from being online, but I never did. And they were used by so many people that were traumatized by Keith Ranieri families, individuals that, that he manipulated who eventually would leave some, would actually go through a, a kind of breakdown where they would be hospitalized and then leave the group.


And then many of them would call me and say thank you, thank you for having those papers online that those doctors helped me to understand that I wasn't crazy. Those papers helped me to understand that I'm, I'm not crazy, that I wasn't crazy, and that this was something that was a direct byproduct of the training that I was subjected to within Nex Im, and if I hadn't been able to read that and understand that it would've been even harder for me to recover. So that's why Ranieri wanted those papers to be taken down because he did not want people to know what he was doing, which was deliberate, which was methodical, which was systematic.


And he had orchestrated this to break people down and control them within NX Im, and he did this for many, many years until he was finally arrested. And thankfully he's now in prison serving 120 year sentence and, and he's no longer able to hurt people. But during those years, he hurt many, many people through NX Im, and he had two heirs to the Seagram's Liquor fortune financing him. Wow. Basically. Wow. Wow. And, and at one point he even had the Dai Lama of Tibet come to Albany, New York and endorse him and do photo ops with him.


And it's been said that the Dai Lama received a very large check, check from the Bronfmans in order for him to, to agree and, and do that. And it certainly made me feel deeply disappointed in the Dalai Lama because leading up to his appearance with Keith Ranieri, in which he awarded him a kind of white scarf to denote that he was, I guess, a good guy, someone worthy of praise from a Nobel Prize winner, the Dalai Lama of Tibet. And he, he would insinuate the Dalai Lama that Keith Ranieri was being unfairly pilled by the press when in fact, You know, he was one of the worst cult leaders in modern history.


I mean, according to all the court records and his convictions and the Dalai Lama. And by endorsing him, really disappointed me. And there were many people that shared information with the Dalai Lama's offices hoping that he would not allow himself to be used as a pawn by Keith Ranieri. But that failed. And he ended up appearing in Albany, New York, and there are many photographs showing him with Ranieri to prove that, Wow, it's, it's, it's, it's interesting to see the type of people that they're able to manipulate into their agenda and, and, and spread that type of gossip or, or rhetoric.


But back to the, back to the cult, within a cult, the sex slaves. So are these actual sex slaves or are this, are they voluntary? What Keith Ranier would do, very similar to Scientology, is he would get information on people through the process of, of them being in Nex VM and confessing and emptying themselves to coaches that were over them. And this would become what he called collateral in which he could threaten them, intimidate them, and say, I know your secrets.


If you don't cooperate, if you don't submit, I will use it against you. And people, I mean, What kind of secrets are we talking about Here? There would be compromising photographs, admissions to possible, You know, things that someone had done that were embarrassing, that were humiliating things about their, their personal life, their business, whatever Keith ran would gather this information And it would become his file on these individuals. Now it's I important. So These people are so trusting that they're Sean, Sean, you need to understand that this was a long process, okay?


That these women were in nex. Im for years that India Oxenberg, who I met Katherine Oxenberg daughter, and I would work with Katherine Oxenberg to get India out of Nex. Im, she was in n Im for years. She entered, she was like 18, 19 years old. And she was growing up as a young woman in Nex Im, and isolated. Eventually when Catherine and her then husband, Casper Van Diem left Nex Im, because they thought there it was strange that there was something wrong and they left and she wanted India out, and she struggled to get India out.


And, and Keith Ranieri would not let her out, and India would be one of the women who would be branded through this process in this group that, that was a, a, a, a cult within the cult. And the women were told that this was a woman's empowerment group, and that there were women over women, and they did not realize that the ultimate authority was Keith Ranieri and that he was at the top of the pyramid lurking, running everything. In fact, when women were branded, they were often videotaped.


I mean, this was like sadistic. So there was a woman who was a member of NV Im that was a doctor, a medical doctor. She's since had her medical license revoked by the state of New York. But she would take the cauterizing iron and, and create the brand to a woman who was strapped to a gurney. It would take as long as 30 minutes or more, that would be incredibly painful, but this would be endured as a sign of, You know, empowerment supposedly. But in reality, Ranieri would watch this.


And, and, and in my opinion, You know, he was the ultimate misogynist wanting to humiliate, degrade women, control women. And he did this. And this went on unknown for a period of time, but because Sarah Edmondson came forward and Catherine Oxenberg was there fighting for her daughter's life, all of this eventually came out publicly. The Southern District of New York in Brooklyn, the Justice Department prosecuted Keith Ranieri, but it was after years of abuse that had escalated and escalated and escalated until finally he was exposed and brought to justice.


And I and many other people had talked about this for more than a decade before he finally was arrested.


Not sleeping well can negatively impact your quality of life. And it's really no secret that getting a good night's sleep makes a huge difference. Ever since Helix sent me a mattress to try, I've been getting the best sleep of my life. I used to sleep too hot on my old mattress, but with Helix Award-winning mattresses, I'm sleeping through the night with no interruptions. I wake up feeling refreshed And it really energizes me and helps me with my busy schedule. Helix knows everyone's unique and they can match you based on your body type and sleep preferences. So many of my listeners are getting to experience what I've been experiencing for years with Helix for an exclusive offer for my listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/ss for 27% off sitewide and get two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase. That's Helix sleep.com/ss for 27% off site wide and get two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase Helix sleep.com/ss.


No One knows music like Rolling Stone. Senior Rider, Brian Hyatt talks the biggest music news from the biggest stars. Almost everyone is teaming up on Drake. It's like Drake versus the world. Yeah. You first met Prince, you were driving for him before you were drumming for him. That's correct. Stevie Wonder, You kind of have to understand how Stevie Began White radio. That's where the money was, that's where it still is. You know what I'm saying? Rolling Stone music. Now follow and listen on your favorite platform.


How many women are we talking about here in, in this, in this, in this secret cult inside the cult? This was a, a relatively small group of women. I don't know the exact amount, but they were under ranier's control, but they did not understand clearly that he was in control. They were led to believe this was a woman's group, Nancy Salzman, who often would put herself out as this woman icon to be, to be emulated. She would say, yeah, You know, I'm about women's empowerment.


But in reality it was about Keith Ranieri and his sick desire to dominate and control and, and torture women because that's what he was doing. And, and no ma and and again, no matter how much money, no matter how much power he had, he always had to have more. And that is the downfall in my experience over the years of cult leaders, that was the downfall of Jim Jones. That was the downfall of David Koresh. That was the downfall of Keith Ranier, of Charles Diedrich, who started Synanon.


No matter how much power they had, they wanted more and more because these are deeply disturbed individuals, psychopaths, malignant narcissists. So they keep going and going and going until finally they just go over a bridge too far and the authorities come in. What encourages me that I've seen in the United States and in other countries around the world is that cults are being held accountable. They can believe whatever they want, but they cannot do whatever they wish in the name of those beliefs. So when they cross the line into criminality, that's when the authorities become involved.


And I'm seeing more prosecutions of criminal cult leaders than I've seen in the past. A number of them have been convicted criminally sent to prison. Tony Alamo, who had headed Alamo Ministries in Arkansas, who raped women, who raped children eventually was, was brought to justice and put in prison where he died. So there are a number of groups that have had to face the criminal courts. I I just recently testified in Atlanta in the trial of cult leader, alleg Bishop, who headed a group called Carbon Nation.


And he would recruit people online through Facebook, through Twitter X. He would have videos on YouTube And it was all done online. And he would, he would create a compound through an Airbnb that he would run online. And then he, he would bring people to, at one point Costa Rica, Mexico, then Panama subsequently those countries deported him. They told him, you are not welcome here. We don't want you here. He eventually ended up back in Atlanta, his hometown, where he was prosecuted for unlawful imprisonment and rape.


And I testified at his trial and, and my role in my testimony was to help the jury understand how this went on for so long. And the women that were being brutalized and horribly mistreated did not come forward. The jury needed to get their head around that, that these women felt that what was going on was either their fault or nothing was wrong, because that was the environment that they were embedded within that bishop controlled. And Bishop in court Of course said, oh, I'm not guilty of anything.


These women had consensual sex with me. No, they did not. He used coercive persuasion, thought reform techniques and force to take advantage of and exploit those women. And now he's doing life in prison without parole. What kind of thought reform techniques would he use? What Bishop uses and what Ranier used and what all cult leaders use is control of the environment. What Lifton calls milieu control. Then they hold out their program as a sacred science that cannot be questioned. Then they use a kind of cult of confession to exhume and obtain information to leverage their power over people.


Then they have another one of Lifton's criteria, which would be doctrine over person, the subordinating of everything you feel, everything you think to the group program. And step by step, inch by inch, the leader then becomes more and more in control of the people. And the key to breaking that control is taking a break from the group, which is what I frequently will tell people. I'll say, can you take a break? Is there a legitimate reason to leave? Is there a legitimate reason to take a break? If you're in a group and there's no legitimate reason to leave, what does that mean?


I mean, because you can belong to a church or a club. And if you say, gee, I'm moving, I wanna go to a different church, or I, I can't be in this club anymore, my wife doesn't like it, or whatever the group would say, fair enough, all the best. Stop by and see us sometime. But if you're in a group and there's no legitimate reason to leave and you're made to feel shame and even fear over leaving, and the group is creating in your mind unreasonable fears about leaving you're in trouble, what kind of fears would those be? Well, in, in NX Im that they would use the same verbiage that Scientology used.


Ranieri would tell people, if you, if you doubt what I'm teaching, if you are thinking of leaving, you are a suppressive person, an sp and that means you will never be a success in your life. You will fail at everything unless you can overcome that being a suppressive person. And Scientology, if, if it labels someone, a suppressive person, that would be the reason to disconnect. If you are a Scientologist from that person, a group that is more spiritually based can contort the Bible or a person's religious beliefs. They might say, for example, if you leave our organization, you will be damned.


You will have no salvation. Salvation is predicated on belonging to our specific organized group, under our specific leader. And if you leave, there is no other church that can provide salvation for you. There is no other place that you can be protected. Our leader is your spiritual covering your protection. And when you doubt our beliefs, when you think maybe we might not be right, that isn't even you thinking that's Satan attacking your mind. So you have people that doubt because they see something that conflicts with their own more morality, their own ethics, and they say, oh, that's not, that's not good.


That must be Satan attacking my mind. And they are basically shutting down critical thinking by using techniques like this. So, so what we don't understand is how this happens. And and let me just tell you this. I have Deprogrammed five medical doctors. One was orthopedic surgeon, another was a highly accomplished anesthesiologist. This can happen to anyone given the right set of circumstances. That is, no matter how educated you are, no matter how good you think your life has been, you may come at a vulnerable point in your life.


And we all have vulnerable points in our lives where things aren't going well and have the bad luck at that point. To have someone you trust, someone You know, someone who's a coworker, a an old friend, a a, a relative who says, Hey, I know you're hurting and this group that I'm involved in, this church, this organization has ways to help you. Why don't you come with me to one of our meetings? And bit by bit, step by step, the group brings you in all the while lying, being deceptive, not disclosing what they're really all about, withholding the kind of information that you need to make a more informed decision.


So this can happen to anyone. You know, there's not an Ivy League school that I have not sat with a graduate of. It seems to me. One man that I worked with was, he was doing his residency after graduating from Yale Medical School when I met him, and I only talked to him for less than an hour. And he ran away a medical doctor in residency, graduate of Yale Medical School. Wow. He ran away in terror from his own father and mother who were there with his grandmother to do this intervention.


Years later, he would leave the group and get in touch with me. But at that point that Yale Medical School graduate was not able to critically think. And I, I also work with a man who had an MBA from Wharton and he ended up deciding to stay in the cult. And I've worked with people from that were Harvard graduates, graduates of Penn, all of the Ivy League schools. Cornell, not long ago I worked with a Cornell graduate who scored over 90 in the MCAT to be admitted into medical school, very high score in the MCAT graduate of Cornell, would be accepted in any medical school practically in the us.


And he was going to go and live in an ashram in India and give everything up. And his parents brought me in. We did an intervention, this was about a year ago, And it was successful. And I can remember when his family was driving me to the airport, and for a while we were alone. He was in the backseat and I was sitting in front of him in the car and he said to me, Rick, you have no idea how bad it was. And he started to cry. And he said to me, they really had me. They really had me. And this was a straight A student that graduated from on with honors from Cornell.


So if you think that somehow you're invol invincible, you're, you're the one person that is not persuadable, that nothing can persuade, swayed you, you are not recognizing your own vulnerability to the extent that you have made yourself more vulnerable to a cult group or some person that wants to run a scam on you. And we, we see this with con men, multi-level marketing. I mean, look, there would be no advertising or negative political ads if people were not persuadable.


So what these groups do is they create a kind of synthesis of coercive persuasion, thought reform, understood influence techniques that they knowingly use, and they focus it like a laser on someone and they break them down, put them in a position where they're in distress or they believe that there's no way out. And the group then says, we have the answer. And then they change them. And so what you have are people being changed without their informed consent by these groups and being exploited and taken advantage of, which varies from group to group.


So what you see, and I would say this is the nucleus for the definition of a destructive cult, that all definitions intersect these three core characteristics, which is number one, an absolute totalitarian leader that becomes an object of worship. That is the defining element and driving force of the group. And two, that leader knowingly uses thought reform and coercive persuasion to gain undue influence over his followers. And then three, that leader uses the undue influence that he possesses to exploit and do harm to his followers.


And you take those three things together, and I don't care what the name of the group is and what they say they believe. It could be pseudoscience, it could be politics, it could be self-improvement, it could be some kind of religious belief. But that is simply the window dressing. The facade beyond that mask are those three core characteristics. The absolute totalitarian leader, the use of thought reform and coercive persuasion to gain undue influence. And ultimately that undue influence being used to take advantage of people, to exploit them, to do harm to them.


And that may vary by degree from group to group because there are some groups that are much worse than others. That doesn't mean that the group that is doing less harm is somehow benign. But we can recognize that not all groups are hunkering down for doomsday. Not all groups sexually abuse their members or physically abuse 'em. There are some that are worse than others. But you take those three core, core characteristics, the all powerful leader, the use of thought reform and coercive persuasion and the harm done.


Because if there's no harm done, maybe the group is benign. But in my experience, power corrupts an absolute power. Corrupts absolutely. And so that leader, that Keith Ranier, that Jim Jones, who has no accountability, will ultimately use that power in a destructive way. Wow. You know, it's interesting, these, all these cult leaders seem to go from what you're saying off the same playbook. Where is that playbook? Where's the model from? I think that many cult leaders were themselves at one time, either in a group that was cult-like, or they read about cults or they read about fought reform and coercive persuasion.


I mean, the books are available. I mean, You know, they can compile a kind of manual. And what you see is they copy from other cult leaders and incorporate and create a composite like Keith Rani did with n Im, which was a composite of Scientology a Rand well established large group awareness training techniques. So what you see over and over again with cult leaders is they don't reinvent the wheel. They just copy and then they create a composite and then they have their own group.


The the names change, but the techniques are the same. I mean, if they were in a cult and then started, would they have, would they have deprogrammed their selves? It's interesting. You can, you can deprogram a cult member, but you cannot deprogram a cult leader. A cult leader is inherently typically a psychopath, a sociopath, a malignant narcissist. They were quite literally in, it seems to me born that way. I mean, Keith Rani was terrorizing children when he was 10, according to, to reports and interviews.


So it's almost like these people are hardwired, okay, you, you cannot deprogram them. And, and you cannot deprogram someone, Sean that has sincerely held beliefs. So, so if we see someone that we don't agree with, maybe we don't agree with their politics, maybe we don't agree with their religious point of view, it's, it's not a fair to just say, oh, you're brainwashed. You need to be deprogrammed because we need to realize that people have sincerely held beliefs. And that even though we may not agree with those beliefs, that doesn't mean that they're brainwashed.


Instead, we should respect the differences that other people have and and recognize how thought reform, coercive persuasion works to the extent that we can say, well, did that person arrive at those beliefs through a process where that was just their family, that was their life, they truly believe this? Or were they in a totalitarian controlling group that used thought reform and coercive persuasion to bend them to the will of the leadership? I mean, these are different things. So, so I think a lot of times people use the word cult haphazardly to just denigrate some group or, or individual that they don't appreciate saying, oh, you're in a cult, or that's a cult.


And there is a range of meaning to the word cult. I mean, there are rock groups that have cult followings, there are products that are cult branded and so on. But when we use the word cult to describe an organization, typically we're talking about a destructive cult. And for that, they need to have those three core characteristics to be defined as a destructive cult. What's the fastest you've seen one of these cults hit traction, grow at an And it Now with the internet, it's so fast. I mean, in, in the old days when I started in the stone age, before the internet and social media groups literally had to press the flesh.


They had to show up typically on college campuses or, or parks and malls and, and recruit people face-to-face. Now people are recruited through social media online, and anybody that has an electronic device that accesses the internet is a potential target. So a group can, can, can just metastasize online so fast, it, it can make your head spin. A legio bishop, who I testified against in Atlanta, who's now in prison, he had over 30,000 followers on Twitter alone. And there are people that have been called cult leaders that have hundreds of thousands of followers online.


And then they cu from those followers to create a deeper committed group. And, and you can use social media to do that. There was one couple that I dealt with in the Midwest, the wife was an attorney. The husband had an MBA and worked remotely from home for a Fortune 500 company. And he was recruited online, indoctrinated through videos on YouTube, and the wife didn't even know it. Wow. It was happening while she was at work. He had gone through some, some hardships.


A very close friend that he regarded as a virtual brother had died suddenly in his thirties from a heart attack. I mean, he was just gone. There was incredible grief. The husband dealt with this, and eventually he found answers he thought online. And keep in mind, Sean, that based on the algorithms that are online, if you find something and you identify it on YouTube or or on Facebook or on Twitter, the algorithm is gonna push more of the same to you and you're gonna go down the rabbit hole. And that's what happened to this husband.


And he became totally indoctrinated in, in a group called Israelites United in Christ, led by a, a former police officer from in New York. And this is a, a kind of racial identity group that believes that African Americans are the new Israel and that white people are devils. And the husband was recruited into this MBA and all. And Of course this became a point of friction with his wife. And then she brought me in and I did work with him for about a day.


But then the group became involved. He would not unplug completely from them and give himself a break to discuss things with his wife and family. And so the group coached him and he, he would not continue beyond the first day man, but he was recruited in a home office in a major city in the Midwest. And his wife had no idea what was happening. And they eventually would divorce because she could not accept the hate, the hate beliefs of this group. So it can happen to anyone. And the way that it happens now increasingly is online and it's being, and it's happening through social media.


For example, You know, the, the so-called TikTok cult that's been exposed by Netflix. That group has a following online members of this group called the Sheina Church are, are controlled by ultimately this leader Robert Shin. And as a result, they work for him. They live in group housing, they attend his church, which by the way is by invitation only. So just a regular person cannot attend the church. You have to be invited, which is not the typical church.


So we're not talking about the typical groups, but what you see in the Zeina church is, again, milieu control. So shin has them living together reinforcing his, his, his teachings reinforcing his control, and they work together and people cannot attend their church unless invited. And so he's controlling the environment. What kind of stuff goes on in the, in, in group housing, Just basically people are all indoctrinated, they're all like-minded. And so if someone were to say, this is crazy.


We're we're working for very little, we don't have health insurance, we're being exploited, some would would say, oh, that that's not true. This is a holy and wonderful thing that we're in. And our leader, You know, he's a wonderful man and this is a great church, and how can you possibly think that? Now outside of the group, if he were to say that or someone were to say that, someone would say, well, those are valid concerns. But in the group environment where they're living together, working together, reinforcing the indoctrination of the leader, they're not able to think outside of the box.


And that's how these groups control the mind and control people. How many of these, I mean, how many requests do you get for deprogramming? Well, every year I'll do interventions throughout the year. And some of those interventions are with people that are in abusive controlling relationships, but most of them are people that are in groups called cults. And I have traveled all over the world. I've done interventions in Europe, in Asia, in Australia. I've worked in every state within the United States except for Wyoming.


I've yet to do any work at Wyoming. I I think Dick Cheney will probably say good, You know, and, and Liz Cheney will probably say, good, I'm glad Wyoming is not on your list. But every other state I've worked in and I've done hundreds of interventions and all an intervention really is Sean, is it's a process of educating someone about what is a destructive cult defining that. And then second, how does thought reform and coercive persuasion really work and explaining that.


And then the third, what information has this group withheld from you that you deserve to know to make a more informed decision about continuing? And finally, why did your family bring me here? Why are they concerned about you? So this discussion can take three or four days, and you ask the person, can you take a break? Can you do this for your family three or four days? Just take a break. And if this group is everything they say they are, and they're really a great group, they won't have a problem with you taking a break for three or four days.


And, and then you can unplug, think about these things and ask yourself, does it make any sense to me? How do I feel about all of this? Why is my family so concerned? And then at the end, you decide what you wish to do. So you can continue with the group, you can continue to take a break or you can decide to leave. About seven out of 10 of the people that I work with will decide that they're not going back. I would imagine there's quite a bit of pushback at the beginning. Oh, heck yeah. You know, the first thing is, why did you do this?


Because the intervention regarding cults is typically very much like an alcohol or a drug intervention. You don't tell the person there's going to be an intervention. So it's a surprise. And, and initially they may say, well, how could you do this? So you should have told me. You know? And the answer is, well, if we had told you, would you share that with someone in the group? Would you tell the leader what would they do? Would they, would they say it's okay for us to have this process, this, this analysis of the group?


Apart from them, would they let you participate? Would they insist on coaching you? I mean, what would really happen? And then if, if the person is honest, and they most often are, they would say, well, yeah, probably they wouldn't like that. And so I guess I understand why you did this the way you did, but I'm kind of shocked. But then the family will say, well, look, we love you. We really, really care about what's happening in your life. We care about you, we love you. And we wouldn't do this if we didn't feel there was a reason. So would you trust us?


You've known us all your life, You know, we love you, so all we're asking you to do is give us some time. We're not telling you that you have to leave the group. Ultimately what we're asking you is, will you give us three days maybe to think about things, to talk about things? And if you'll do that, that will ease our concerns and we'll feel like, like that, that that is okay, that we've addressed what we're worried about. And usually the person will say, yes.


Interesting. You know, I've, I've seen a couple of things in surrounding areas here. One of them, I, I remember when I first moved to Tennessee, me and my wife went to this restaurant and I, it was the, it was in this place called Pulaski, Tennessee. And we went into this restaurant And it was, I don't know any other way to describe it other than very, very hippie like, And it was a lot of like falafel, vegetarian, stuff like that.


But that's not what I'm getting at. What I got, what I'm getting at is the, the minute we entered, And it was, we were looking, it was before we actually moved here, we were looking for a place to live. And that was, that was the, we had checked this town out and this was the only restaurant still open. And we walked in and immediately it was, there was just a weird vibe in there. And Was it called the yellow Deli? Yes. Yeah, That's the 12 tribes. That's a cult group. What is that? That owns a chain of delis. It was originally a group started by a guy by the name of Gene Spriggs in Chattanooga, Tennessee. And they believed that they are the chosen New Israel, and their leader is the prophet.


They called him the prophet y unique, well, gene Sprigs died rich. I mean, he had a yacht, he had multiple homes. I mean, he lived a good life. But his people would flip real estate for him. They would rehabilitate homes in upstate New York and, and, and around the country. And then that would add to the group's coffers. And they had a chain of, of restaurants called the Yellow Deli. And they also had cafes that, that serve what, what I think they call it mate, which is a South American kind of tea or coffee or something. And, and this would be the way that jeans Riggs made money because these people would work for basically nothing but room and board.


So, so they would be living in group houses that would have designated leaders, and they would be there within this community. And they would work at the cafes for the real estate business or rehabilitating or doing whatever Riggs wanted for nothing but room and board, no health insurance, no social security, nothing. And then they'd be raising children in the group. And these children would not be well treated and they would not be schooled past the age of 13. And they would be beaten, Spriggs would have children beaten with like balloon sticks that they would dip in resin and then whip the children.


One mother who hired me, she, her name is Lori Johnson, and she lived in upstate New York. She became involved with her husband in the 12 tribes. He really was devoted. And she began to have doubts because she saw how hard it was on her kids. She had two little children and she wanted to leave. Her husband wouldn't leave divorce, custody battle. Lori gets custody, husband disappears with the two children. It took nine years before the FBI found those kids.


I did a, a Jerry Springer show, where were the kids? They were hidden within the community in Florida and no one knew where they were. And Lori had been without her children for nine years when they recovered them and her husband was arrested. And the FBI returned the kids and I would work with those children. Then I think one was 14 and the other was maybe 12 thereabouts minor kids, but they had not been with their mother for years. And that was because of this group that owned the yellow delis, 12 tribes headed by Jean Spriggs.


And I would appear with Lori on a very early Jerry Springer show. And in that show, Lori would show pictures of her kids, tell her story. And leaders from 12 tribes also appeared on the show with me. And I would then talk with them at the hotel that we were put up in. And I would say to them, why don't you guys just give Lori back her kids? And then people will think that you're not so bad, that you're not a bad cult because you're, you're, you're being sensitive and caring about this mother who wants to be reunited with their children. And they would repeatedly just say to me, oh, well, You know, we don't know where the kids are.


We don't know where they are. And then they would make outrageous accusations that Lori was immoral, that she was a harlet, whatever, really totally baseless. But the point is they would not come clean. And eventually the children were found in the community. And when I talked to the children, they most definitely knew. They told me that Jean Sprigs specifically knew where they were and that other leaders in the group's group knew where they were and that they were deliberately hidden from their mother for years. Wow.


Is that, so is that whole organization, The organization is still going. I'm not clear as to who's really running it. I mean, it may evolve and change, but it's been a very authoritarian, very destructive group for many years. And do You know Sean, at one time they had contracts with Robert Redford, Sundance catalog, trader Joe's and Estee Lauder to do packaging in, in regards to products. But when it was exposed, and, and I had a part in that, there were former members who told me about these sweat shops where these members of the group were working and unbeknownst to these companies, they were being, their product was being packaged and, and produced through this often child labor, illegal labor.


Well, that was eventually exposed and they were raided by New York labor authorities and those contracts were shut down. But Sprigs used to use companies like Estee Lauder, trader Joe's, Robert Redford, Sundance catalog to make money off of his people. He was basically selling them as like slave labor. And they were working under extraordinarily difficult conditions, often unsafe. And so they, they were raided. And after that, one of the leaders of the group, Eddie Weissman, who I appeared with on this Jerry Springer show, he he, he called me on the phone and he said, You know, Rick, you're a son of a bitch.


You know, you, you're so bad. You, you, you realize the money that you've cost the families and 12 tribes and they don't have the money because of the raid. And you are responsible for that. You should be ashamed of yourself. And I said, look, Eddie, come on, give me a break. You and your wife Jeanie are living the good life 'cause you're leaders and you were working children illegally. Now the Bible teaches that you're to obey the laws of the land that you're to submit to civil authority. That's what is taught in the New Testament. And you willfully went against the law and you did it for what?


So that you and Jeannie could live better so that Jean Spriggs can have multiple homes. Don't come to me and tell me that I'm the bad guy. You're the one that broke the law. And somewhere along the line, I heard a click and that was the end of him listening to what I had to say. Wow. But, but, but that group, whenever you go to a yellow deli, whenever you have one of their MAs, you are contributing to the 12 Tribes cult.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live, zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite. That's Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite.


That is, I'm so glad I brought this up. That was about seven years ago. We sat down, our waiter came up, And it was immediate. I was like, something's going on in here. And my wife picked up on it immediately as well. So we started, we started questioning the, the waiter and asking, I can't even remember what the conversation entail, but I do, this is what I remember. He would always refer to the leaders of the cult is the authority. The authority's not gonna like this, the authority wants us to do this. And he had, he was talking about all these different restaurants and, and I'd asked him, You know, how do You know where you're going?


He goes, well, the authority lets us know where we're going. And I, he would go, You know, get another drink or whatever. And I'd look at my wife like the authority, like, what the hell is this? What's going on in here? And and we never went back. You know, I've, I've heard their food is good, their are good, but I wouldn't give 'em a penny. And look, I, I feel great sympathy for the people that in my mind are trapped within that group. Because you have to realize the children were born into that group. There's old generation that was raised in 12 tribes, and I've spoken to many of them, including Eddie Weissman's son who fled the group.


And for years felt shame and sadness because they felt, well, they were told by the group, you're turning your back on God. You're, you're a sinner, you're evil. And and the kids that I deprogrammed would, would contact me at one point and say, You know, our dad is still in the group and and we wanna spend time with him, but the only way that he will agree to spend time with us is if we come to group activities. And whenever we do that, they're just bombarding us with, You know, manipulative talk about how we need to rejoin the group and be in the group, and that's not what we want.


And so I told the kids, I said, look, You know, you can tell your dad, You know, dad, we love you. We love you, we want a relationship with you, but we do not love 12 tribes. And we do not want 12 tribes, but we want you and we are willing to meet with you and spend time with you, but we don't want to deal with the group and we don't want to hear about the group. And in fairness, we're not going to criticize the group. We just want to spend quality time with you dad. And as far as I know, he would never agree to that. And there, his relationship with the children ended.


And so, so there are children that leave groups like this, and it's very, very hard on them because their, their family shuns 'em, they, they don't know people outside of the group. They may not have a, an education because the group didn't want them to. And so they're not prepared to work in the outside world and to adapt. Many of them though, have have construction skills and certain things that they can get a job. But wow. Sounds very similar to, to my editor. The guy that edits the show, he talks about, I talk to him all the time about this stuff, and he does, he talks about when he left Jehovah's Witnesses, is that how you say it?


Jehovah's Witnesses, when he left it, he, he, I mean, he still says it. He's like, it's like, I'm still trying to learn how to live. Like he's a normal life. He's, he's, he's like, I've never celebrated a birthday. I've never celebrated a Christmas. He's any of that stuff. And he's, there's, he's like, there's just so many things that, that I don't know that are normal in society that I, that I have, I I he, he's still trying to figure out what's normal and abnormal and, and it's Wow. Wow. Yeah. And, but here's the, here's the, the, the interesting thing is that so many people that leave these high control groups blame themselves.


They say, You know, I failed. It's, it's a shame on me. And they haven't sorted it out. They haven't unpacked it. And so what I would urge any of them to do is I'll plug my book, read my book, cults Inside Out, and understand that you are not alone. That there are many, many other people that have gone through this experience and that they've survived. And that you need to unpack it. You need to know that you group was very much like these other groups. And if these other groups are called cults, what does that mean about your group?


And is it really your fault that you left? Or is it the group's fault that they had unreasonable expectations and demands that they made and that they were too controlling and that they were suffocating you. And so you had to leave much like a a a woman who's leaving an abusive controlling relationship will feel like, well, I can't leave my husband because he loves me and I have to be loyal to him, and it's my fault. I'm not being a good enough wife, I'm not doing enough. It's on me. And Of course, the abusive controlling partner is saying, you're right, it's your fault.


It's not about me, it's you, you aren't measuring up. And very much like a cult, that abusive, controlling husband will isolate the wife, estranging her from old friends, moving her maybe to a new area where she's separated from family and kind of cocooning her and controlling her interactions, her social life. If you're in a situation like that, it's very hard to understand what to do because you have this sense of loyalty to the, the, your spouse or to the group, and you feel like they are right.


And if you have been raised in a group and your parents belong to the group even more so you feel like, well, my parents, I, I love them and, and they're in this, in this organization. It must be good. It must be. Right. And so you feel like there is no legitimate reason to leave and, and when, and you have unreasonable fears about leaving, I mean, I'll have women talk, talk to me about abusive, controlling relationships and say what sounds like crazy. I mean, they'll say, no one will ever love me.


Like he loves me. I'll never find love again in my life. I, I, I, I'm so fortunate that I found this person. I'll never ever find anyone like that ever again. And and I'll look at the woman and say, you're very young. You're highly accomplished. You're not to objectify you, but you're, you're attractive. You can find someone else. But because of your spouse and the way that you've been manipulated, you've been led to believe that you can't. And that's wrong. And the way that you've been treated is wrong.


And, and frequently the women that I have worked with have been subjected to physical violence. They've been beat up repeatedly. And people will blame them. People will say, oh, she went back to him. She deserves what she gets. But very few people unwind what has happened to this woman and understand it in the terms of how the abusive controlling partner has manipulated her. And I devoted a whole chapter in my book to abusive controlling relationships and describe how I did an intervention with a young woman to get her out of such a situation.


So there is a correlation between abusive controlling relationships and cults. And I think it's important to know that, and to have understanding and really sympathy for the people that have been victimized. I find it very interesting how, You know, when you're talking about mothers and fathers who are giving up their kids inside these cults or, or when we're talking about the, the, the yellow deli crew, and these people are working for what, what room and room, room and board, and that's it. That's it.


I mean, how do you get a, a graduate from, I, I mean, how do you get a, a anesthesiologist who's making half a million, I mean a year, maybe more, maybe millions a year to join a cult and give all of that up for room and board? I mean, what does that conversation look like? Well, now, no, the doctors, in fairness, the doctors that I work with we're in different groups, not in the yellow deli. Oh God. But I will tell you this, I I was lecturing at a university And it was in upstate New York.


And a young woman came up to me at the end of my lecture and said, my mother is in the 12 tribes, and she gave every penny, and this is standard practice in the 12 tribes. You join, you give them everything you have your bank account, your house, your car, everything. And that greatly increased, You know, the, the net value of, of 12 tribes and the money that they control, which I'm sure is in the millions of dollars though no one knows exactly. And this girl is talking to me, this young woman, and she's, has tears in her eyes.


And she says, You know, my grandmother left an inheritance for my mother with the explicit understanding that my mother would pay for my college education with some of the money, but she's given it all to the 12 tribes. And I came to her and I said, mom, you're brainwashed and you're in a cult. And she Of course rejected that. And I said, what, what would you have me do? You have given away all of our family's money, all of grandma's money, and I have nothing to go to college. And the mother said, well, join the 12 tribes and you can be with me and everything will be fine.


So why did the mother do it? She did it because the 12 tribes convinced her that they were the only place where God was the only place where God was able to be a part of your life in, in, in a true and meaningful way. And that this would lead to salvation. This would lead to, to, to a fruitful spiritual life. That, and this is, this is what separates the 12 tribes as a cult from mainstream Christianity. And it's the only place No other Christians are right?


No other church is right. No other pastor is preaching authentic beliefs according to the Bible, only us. And so the mother felt, I am giving all this to God. I'm giving it all to the one and only organization that is true to God, and and my daughter should join as well, because this is the truth. I mean, that is the level of indoctrination and control that these groups have over the thinking of individuals that are involved. And it's very difficult to, to unwind that kind of programming.


But that is an answer to your question. Why would someone do that? And in the case of the doctors, I, I know there were, there were two doctors I worked with that were in a particular church called Victory Church in, in Grand Forks, North Dakota, that was run by this couple. And it was a total, just a personality cult in which they had no accountability. And they controlled all these people and lived off of hundreds of people that were in this church called Victory Church. And I would eventually be hired by two first one doctor who had doubts, and then I would help him, and then I would deprogram his children, and then he would convince the other doctor to invite me to his home, and then I would work with him and his family as well.


And then they, in turn convinced a cardiologist who was also in the group to leave. So this was kind of a, a domino effect. And eventually I would do an Oprah Winfrey show with former members of Victory Church, and Oprah Winfrey would expose the group nationally, and eventually it would crumble and, and cease to exist. And I have to give Oprah some credit because the group sued Oprah Winfrey and tried to keep her from airing that program. And Oprah Winfrey said, no way.


I am airing the program. And, and actually the lawsuit attracted more attention as, as lawsuits like that often do, and the show aired, And it was the undoing of that Victory church in Grand Fork, North Dakota. Do You know John of God? Oh yeah. That's the Canadian cult leader. Is Oprah involved in that one? I, You know, You know, it's interesting. I've done the Oprah show a couple of times, and Oprah has done some really good work regarding the one show that I did involved Jehovah's Witnesses in which she exposed some of their excesses.


The other show was about this group called Victory Church in North Dakota, which ended that church effectively. But then Oprah has done other shows where she brings on people of very questionable backgrounds. For example, James Arthur Ray, who led these training seminars and three people died in one of his training seminars. And he was a featured guest on Oprah, and largely traded on that to promote himself and promote his seminars, which he became a millionaire selling.


And so Oprah at times has been involved with kind of fringy, You know, new agey gurus who end up not being so good. John of God would be another example Who is, what is John of God. John of God is a kind of a faith healer, someone who claims that he can heal people, and he's now being accused of sexually exploiting and abusing women. And so to the extent that Oprah Winfrey thought that John of God was of God and a man of God, You know, he traded on her show and exposure through her show to promote himself.


And I think Oprah should do a kind of Mia culpa where she gets on her show or does some show where she says, You know, at times I've made mistakes. Hmm. I've had people on that turned out to not be really that good, and I need to apologize. I mean, I don't think that she was aware of how bad these people were, and they would later be exposed. But I think it, it, it, it means that perhaps she should have been more reluctant to feature them and to promote them the way that she did.


I mean, I speak from the standpoint that I was an expert consultant in regards to the prosecution of James Arthur Ray. So I work with the prosecutor. Eventually Ray would be convicted for negligent homicide. And even though three people died, he spent two, three years in jail. And that was about it. And as far as I know, he's back out selling his seminar training again. Wow. Wow. When it comes to back to, You know, giving up everything for peanuts, let's talk about, I mean, what are the conversations like when a woman gives up her children in a cult?


Well, the most, And that has to be some serious program to, to overtake mother nature's instinct of these are my kids. The most terrible situation I ever dealt with, where a parent gave up a child was Carrie Jewel. I met her when she was 10 years old. Her mother gave her to David Kish, the leader of the Waco Davidians, and he raped her. And she would eventually testify in a congressional hearing when she was 14, about what happened. And I remember doing the Phil Donahue show with Carrie during the standoff, and we were all talking about whether or not David Koresh would ever surrender and come out from the compound, which he never did.


And at the time, he asked each person on the panel, how do you think this is going to end? And when he got to Carrie Jules, she said, they're all going to die. And I've made my peace. My mother will never come out. And I was shocked, but she was right. She was absolutely right. And I think that her father, David Jewel, who was a very brave man and who rescued his daughter from the compound before the raid and before the standoff occurred, and she was safely with him in his custody when all that, that she knew.


And David Jewel knew just how totally brainwashed the people were in that compound because this woman, I'm sure was a loving mother. But she so was so programmed by David Koresh to believe that he was the seed, the Davidic seed, the Messiah, that she thought that giving her child to the Messiah was a godly thing to do. And they were told that he was planting the seed of David in, in these victims that he raped. And I think one of the reasons why he did not surrender was he knew that when they did DNA testing, they would establish that he was a pedophile and that he had sex with minor children, and that they had children when they were children.


Oh man. Can we, wow. Can we go into the Waco incident a little bit? What, what, what was that cult about? First of all, the Waco Davidians for a long time were a totally peaceful, benign group. Kind of unusual. They followed the teachings of a man named Victor iff. And after how, if died, his widow took over. And after her, a man named George Roden took over. And after that, his wife, Lois Roden took over. And for years and years, they were peaceful. And they lived outside of Waco on a kind of ranch area on the, on the outskirts of Waco.


Then came Vernon Howell, later named David Koresh, and he became very close to Lois Rodin at the end of her life. And then he took over, and that's when the trouble started, because he tried to kill her son, George Rodin. And he was tried for attempted murder, but a hung jury was the end result. And the prosecutor said, that guy is gonna be trouble. And he went back to the compound, he was stockpiling weapons, and unbeknownst to me, he was also raping children and, and abusing women in the group that would later come out.


So the BATF then did an investigation, and I had deprogrammed, one of the Waco Davidians, he, David Kresh, had sent him on a kind of trip to get some money and do some fundraising in California. And his brother retained me and I did an intervention. And he never came back. And he's, he's, he still lives in California and he has a family, but he was a witness to illegal weapons and stockpiling that was going on inside the Davidian compound. David Ssh was manufacturing guns. He was converting semi-automatic weapons to fully automatic, he was breaking the law regarding firearms.


And so the Bureau of Alcohol, tobacco and Firearms investigated him. They called me. They interviewed the young man that I deprogrammed, it was their interview with that young man that I deprogrammed and in part his testimony that led to an affidavit that was then the basis for a warrant for the search of the Davidian compound and a warrant for the arrest of David Koresh. So the BATF went there. I was shocked at the way they went. I mean, we had warned them about how many weapons and how huge the stockpile was, and how militant the group was, and how totally really psychopath like David Koresh was.


And the BATF just rated the group in a way that shocked me. I mean, they just went in like it was any, any normal raid, which it wasn't. And Of course, it was a, a a, a gun battle. People were killed, Davidians died, federal agents were killed in the process. And then they created a perimeter around the compound. And there was a 51 day standoff, 51 days, 51 days. And during that time, I worked for CBS News and I was interviewed by, by the FBI and by their hostage negotiator that they had.


But the problem that the FBI had at that time, which I don't think they have now, because they learned from Waco in subsequent situations, that this was not a conventional hostage situation. That the Davidians were not hostages, they were programmed, they were completely and totally subservient to David Koresh. And that that dynamic needed to be understood. And so much of what I suggested to the FBI, they did not do some of the things I suggested that they do. They did, for example, David Kresh who said, I am Jesus.


I am the Messiah. They said, well, Jesus loved children. And he said, suffer not the little children to come unto me. So would you let some of the children out? And David Koresh did let out 21 children, and he let out some of the elderly people, people that he thought were essentially a burden or expendable. He kept most of the Davidians in. Now, then the FBI set up these big loudspeakers around the compound, and they would keep the Davidians up at night. They would blast 'em with rock and roll music, rabbit screaming things that probably fit within the typical hostage negotiator playbook.


But they did not understand they were dealing with a cult. They were dealing with cult members. And what I suggested was that they give them every opportunity to get sleep, to be rested so they could think more clearly. And then maybe during the, the, the nine to five hours, bring in family and let the family talk to their loved ones through those loudspeakers. Because David Koresh was controlling all communication in that compound. When families wanted to visit someone, he, you had to go to visitation Wow. In the compound.


And there would be Koresh or a delegated person that would be monitoring your visit with your family member. There were only two phones in the compound. One was an old gigantic mobile phone. Hard to believe how big those were. And the other was a hard line. He controlled both. He listened to all conversations. So what I suggested to the FBI, and they did not do this, was use the loudspeakers so the families can speak to their loved ones. Kind of like, almost like radio free dividian, You know, where there could be communication that he did not control.


They did not do that. And then I also told them, please don't act aggressively on the perimeter, because that, that, You know, basically validates his narrative that you're Satan, that you are the army of Satan, come to attack the people of God. What you want to do is make yourselves as peaceful and and nonthreatening as possible to under undercut his narrative, which, which they did not do. In fairness to the FBI. They had never dealt with a cult like this before. And it was their first experience, and they learned from it painfully.


But in the final analysis, I don't think it was going to end any way other than it ended, which is how David Koresh wanted it to end. And he did not wanna live. He was like Jim Jones. He wanted to go out with his followers on his throne king to the bitter end. That's how David Koresh left the world ruling over his flock in the compound. Just like Jim Jones at Jonestown. Did you go into Jim Jones? Yeah, Jim Jones was, at one time a very popular figure in San Francisco.


He was considered one of the leading lights of social action in the Bay Area. He was very connected to the Democratic party, to democratic leaders, governor Jerry Brown, assemblyman Willie Brown. When Rosalyn Carter visited San Francisco, she did a photo op with Jim Jones. So Jim Jones was a kind of icon, and the People's Temple was a huge church with thousands and thousands of members, but no one really knew what was going on inside. And so ultimately what happened is that people that left, started to talk about the abuse.


They experienced children being beaten brutally, people being exploited financially. And people came out of the church and they talked to the media. And so Jim Jones became more and more paranoid again, a a malignant narcissist, a psychopath. And then he decided, I'm leaving the Bay Area because the press is against me. The media is against me. I used to be a celebrity, now they say bad things about me. I'm going to pack up and leave. And so he took about a thousand of his most devoted followers, and he moved to English speaking Guyana in South America.


In the middle of the jungle. They carved out a little community that they called Jonestown. He controlled all communications, all social interaction people were totally isolated. Now comes families of those thousand people. And in particular, they approached Congressman Leo j Ryan, and they said, please help us. We're very worried about our family members, our our children, our grandchildren that are in Jonestown. Leo j Ryan then gets Jim Jones to agree for him to come on a fact finding trip with his staff to Jonestown.


He comes there. At first, things go fairly well. Then people are passing notes to Ryan and his staff, take me with you. I want to get out of here. Bad things are happening in here that you don't know. And so Jones ultimately agrees to let some of these people go with Ryan. And then he recognizes that they're going to tell what's really going on in Jonestown. And so he dispatches his security force and they murder everyone. Some people survive. Jackie Speer, one of Leo j Ryan's staff members who had later become a United States congressman from his very district, was shot five times and almost bled out.


But she miraculously survived. Other people survived as well. But Leo j Ryan was killed. And Jim Jones knew, this is the end, I'm, they're gonna come for me. And he was right. The authorities were coming from Georgetown in Guyana for him. And so he mixed these tubs of punch and they were laced with, with cyanide. And he encouraged, insisted that all of his people take the cyanide. And so that's what, when the phrase came you, you drank the Kool-Aid because people would say, well, it was Kool-Aid.


And the, the people in Jonestown drank the Kool-Aid and they died. And so if you, the expression you drank, the Kool-Aid is an allusion to Jonestown. And the idea that you're brainwashed, that you're not thinking clearly. So the many of the people in Jonestown were forced to drink the Kool-Aid. They didn't have a choice. The children, there were hundreds of them, they were all murdered. There were people that were shot that were trying to run away. So it was a massacre. And almost a thousand people died. Wow. In one day in 1978. And that was Jonestown.


And that was really the beginning of people saying, well, what, what about these cults? What's going on? Because people started to write about them and write about Jim Jones. Of course, Jonestown came before me. 'cause I started my work in 82, so that was four years after Jonestown. But I remember Jonestown, and I also remember Charlie Manson, and I remember Patty Hurst, who was abducted by a cult called the Symbionese Liberation Army. So cults were becoming known before Jonestown. But at Jonestown, that was the shock that really woke everybody up, that this could be very, very bad.


And Of course, since Jonestown, there have been a number of cult tragedies there. Another is the movement for the restoration of the 10 Commandments in Uganda. In 2000, the leader of that group, Joseph Buerre, ordered the deaths of over 700 of his followers. And right now there's a man named Paul McKenzie in Kenya, and he is responsible for the starvation deaths of over 400 of his followers, many children. Why? Because he said it's the end of the world.


That's what Joseph Kib said. That's what Paul McKenzie said, we have to get ready. It's the end. And the end. It was for their followers. 750 in Uganda, 400 in Kenya. And then Of course, we know about the suicide of the people of the Solar Temple, which was in Europe. And those were the followers of Luke Gire. They all died in what could have been a murder or a suicide. There were almost a hundred of them. And then there was Heaven's Gate around the same time in the nineties, that 39 people in a house rented by their leader, You know, all died together because he determined that this was the end, and that they were going to somehow move their, from their bodies to a level above human.


So we have had a number of cult tragedies, and and they have happened over and over again, some of them worse than others. And I think that it, You know, Of course these are the most extreme groups where people die, but there are many groups where people's lives are horribly damaged, where they lose their job, they drop out of school, they become estranged and isolated from family and old friends. They lose all their money because of some group. They're not dead, but they've been badly hurt.


And so this is the reason that people pay attention to these groups, not because of their beliefs, but because of their behavior and how they negatively impact people's lives. Wow. You know, it, it seems like the commonality behind a lot of these is manipulating Christianity. I wouldn't, You know, there's no religion that has not been used as a facade, a mask by cult leaders. There have been groups that have used Judaism, Hinduism, Christianity, Islam.


In my, in my opinion, ISIS and Al-Qaeda both cults one following Alba as their savior. The other following, You know, now I'm spacing out Lan Bin Laden, excuse me. There have been cults using any religion. Islam, You know, the Osama Bin Laden led Al-Qaeda and Al Baghdadi led isis, both of them basically as saviors, as Messiahs leading their followers to death.


So every religion has been used now in the United States and in and in and in Europe, Of course, it's Christianity, because Christianity has currency. Christianity has credibility. And so if you're a cult leader, you want to use something as a facade, as a mask to invoke your authority, to invoke your power. So what you're saying to your followers is, I'm not telling you to give up your life for me. I'm telling you to give up your life for God, and you're going to do it because I'm calling upon your deeply held beliefs as a Christian, a Jew, a Muslim, a Buddhist, a Hindu.


And because of that, you will see me as an authority representing that higher power. And you will then obey me. You will give me what I want. You will do what I say, because you think that by following me, you're following that higher power. And so that's why they use that authority. Are there any cults that you, any newer ones that you have your eye on right now? I am very concerned about Israelites United in Christ that is an African American identity group, a hate group that as a YouTube channel.


I think YouTube should do something about that. I think that they're negligent by not looking at that closer. I hope they will. You know, so they're, I would encourage YouTube in particular to police YouTube more and look for these cult leaders that are on YouTube. Look for these people that are using social media because they are, and they're hurting people. And I think there should be more policing done on those platforms. Well, I'm sure the show will help out with that. I hope so. Well, Rick, we're wrapping up here and I just wanna say thank you for coming on.


That was a fascinating conversation, and I gotta be honest, I totally wasn't expecting you to know about the yellow deli. That was, that was, I cannot wait to get home and tell my wife about that. Yeah. What was it? The 1212 Tribes. The 12 tribes, you, You can find a whole historical archive about them@culteducation.com. I've been following them for decades. She's gonna be, we've been talking about this for seven years, and to just have you just go the yellow deli. I was, I was, wow.


Just goes to show you these place. I mean, Pulaski, Tennessee is a, you and me are probably the only ones that have ever heard of it that are watching us, Gene. No, they've been in the media. Oh, really? There was a fire in Colorado that, that allegedly started at one of their communities. And so, and they've been in the news many, many, many times over many things. The 12 tribes began in Chattanooga, Tennessee. That's where they started. And then they branched out and they moved around, and they're all over the place. Very interesting. What I was getting out is Pulaski is a very, very small town.


And so it's, it's, You know, there's, I guess they just pop up anywhere. Is it close to Chattanooga? It's not far from here. It's only about 45 minutes south of here. So if you wanna go grab a bite. No thanks, I'm just kidding. But Rick, it was, it was a pleasure interviewing you. I really appreciate it.


Mic drop hosted by former Navy SEAL, Mike Ritland. It's raw. Any single time that you left the wire, you could lose four Guys. It's unfiltered. That's the most Horrible screaming I'd ever heard taking a hit on the chin. You want to pay it Back? It's tough. Talk from the top minds in their field. Would I choose to not do our duty as military fighting men? No, I would not make that decision without question. Mic, drop, follow, and listen on your favorite platform.