
This episode is brought to you by Google Gemini. With the Gemini app, you can talk live and have a real time conversation with an AI assistant. It's great for all kinds of things. Like, if you wanna practice for an upcoming interview, ask for advice on things to do in a new city, or brainstorm creative ideas. And by the way, this script was actually read by Gemini. Download the Gemini app for IOS and Android Today must be 18 plus to use Gemini Live.


This episode is brought to you by Disney's Mufasa, the Lion King. Get tickets now for the ultimate family holiday movie experience. Reunite with the characters you know, and the untold story you'd never expect. Witness Mufasa's rise from Orphan to King and see how the legendary villain scar got his name. Disney's Mufasa, the Lion King in theaters everywhere. This Friday, the Kingdom awaits.


Joe Lonsdale, welcome to the show. Thanks, Sean. Glad to be here, man. I am super excited to talk to you. I've been following what you've been doing and a lot of your different companies for a while now. And I know you're a busy guy, and I just wanna say it's an honor to have you here. You know, you just, you're involved in so much with technology, and also I love what you're doing with the University of Austin. I'd love to hit on that, but, but I just, I really appreciate you coming and, and I've been looking forward to diving into this for a long time. So I'm excited to be here. It's an honor to be on the show. Thank you. Thank you. But everybody starts off with an introduction, and we could go on for probably a, an hour here, but I tried to summarize it up here.


Joe Longsdale, you're a real titan of industry and innovation. A man whose journey from Silicon Valley to the halls of policymaking reads like a modern day epic. You're a Stanford educated visionary who co-founded Palantir Technologies, a company that's become synonymous with big data and analytics, helping governments and businesses worldwide to make smarter, more informed decisions. After Palantir, we ventured into the world of finance and founded Adipar revolutionizing how wealth management works, making it transparent and data driven of the nine US defense unicorns, billion dollar companies, you founded three and were one of the earliest investors in another three, you're deeply invested in education reform.


You co-founded Cicero, an organization dedicated to advancing educational opportunities and policy to transform lives and societies. Your influence extends into policy with your involvement in eight VC, a venture capital firm that doesn't just fund startups. It pushes for policies that encourage innovation. You've been an advisor, deleting political figures, advocating for a future where technology and policy work hand in hand to solve our biggest challenges. You shape the ideas of the future with your op-eds and articles that often delve into intersection of tech policy and culture. You're a father of five kids, you just had your first son and you've been married for eight years.


Yep, that's Right. Congratulations on your son. Thank you, Sean. He's, he's 92nd percentile. He is a big little baby. Yeah, Nice, healthy boy, huh? Yeah. Well, Joe, I wanna do a, I wanna do a life story on you starting from childhood and get into all of your different companies and involvement with different things that you're in. But, but it just so happens that, you know, I've been s super interested in your company, ES and I've had several conversations with your business partner, grant for standing and, and love him, amazing guy.


But we got a situation going on literally right now in New Jersey with all these, with all these drones, and nobody seems to know what it is. So I just want to kind of start the interview right there. What, what the hell do you think these drones are? This Is funny. I say I, we're, we're, you know, gonna be at the Army Navy game. And so I'm bummed. I don't, I don't, I'm gonna find out tomorrow probably from all these guys, right? Because I'm sure, I'm sure they know, they, I'm sure they know, but I haven't texted him and asked, you know, I, I mean, if it's not ours, then it's really incompetent, right? Yeah. If this is not ours, if this is ours, then it's also kind of weird. Like, why, why are we doing this and freaking people out? But if it's not ours, what the heck, man?


Well, I mean, what it was like two years ago, we're freaking out about a spy balloon traverse in the United States from what, Washington all the way down to South Carolina. I I, I got a good answer on that though. I'm sure, I don't know if, I'm sure it's public by now, but I think because of the fact that we let it stay up, we were able to hack into it, trace back where the data was going, and like find out a lot about the Chinese. And so it turned out, in that case, it made sense. And it turned out that Xi Jinping didn't even know his underlings had put this Bible balloon up and we're doing it. And it was actually bad for China 'cause we used it to hack in. So I, I think in that case, there's like a competent answer, which makes you feel good that they're just like not told incompetent people. Like they met with Biden, they said what they're gonna do, he agreed to let 'em do it. And, and that was fine. So, so hopefully there's a competent answer for these drones.


But it's, it's a weird, it's a weird thing, man. I mean, Do you think it's ours? I, I assume it's ours, because if it's not, that's insane. Why Would they be doing, why would they fly it over? Why wouldn't they fly this over like area 51 or, or some testing grounds? You know, What I found out about Government Man is that there are some really great people, there are some amazing special forces guys. Every once in a while in the DOD you'll have this like genius person in the strategy group, And then the vast majority of 'em are incompetent. And so, so, so, so it's just hard for me to say, but I'm, I'm, I'm hoping they're ours. 'cause if they're not ours, that's actually a little bit scary and, and it's really incompetent that we're not doing something. Do you think this might be a distraction From, from something going on in the Middle East or something Going on in the time?


I don't. Maybe some, maybe some bad jujus going on somewhere else and they're just throwing these things up to distract everybody. If there was another story, then maybe, but I don't, I don't, I don't know. That's, that's an interesting question we're gonna find out really soon. I'm curious. I I don't, I don't wanna make a bunch of stupid guesses and I come out to be an idiot because it, it's hard for me to know. I I actually don't know the answer. Well, I mean, drone warfare is becoming obviously very Prevalent. Absolutely critical. This is the future of warfare is like lots and lots of manufactured smart, weaponized, autonomous drones, whether they're flying, whether they're on the water, whether they're under the water, whether they're on the land like that, that is the future of warfare as far as I'm concerned. So, you know, people, one of the reasons I'm bringing this up is obviously I'm, I'm just extremely curious of what your thoughts are.


But another reason is, I mean, you know, I've been reading reports on CNN, people are posting the, the neighborhood watch groups and the Facebook groups and stuff, and people are, they're freaking out. And what I find probably isn't a coincidence, but because I believe in a higher power. But you have you founded Emus? Yeah. And is a directed energy, basically a directed EMP weapon. And it is, I mean it's, it seems to me, from the reading I've done on it, it's, it's, it's defense against drones. ES is a really important company and I'm, I'm proud to be a co-founder there with, it's not just, I can't take credit for about myself.


There's a few other people who are critical. Nathan Mince, Beau Mar, you know, other guys. Grant stepped in and was played a key role. You know, the background on that, by the way, is, you know, I'd gotten out of defense for a few years 'cause after Palantir, it's just not, it's like hard. You have to go talk to senators, you have to go to the DOD. It's like, this is stressful stuff. I built companies elsewhere, like you mentioned. And, but then, you know, we saw in the early 2010s, we saw a lot of our smartest friends in China were being forced to have their engineers work on military projects. And we said, wait a second, this is not good. And then we saw our defense primes, you know, were not able to attract the best talent at all. So we had, in America, these defense primes had all consolidated in the nineties, and obviously Palantir had to compete against them in software side and crushed them.


But, but their hardware side was also going downhill, was also getting worse. And this, this is a big problem that China's getting better, it's getting worse here. And then it turned out that Xi Jinping guy is clearly a Kami who's gonna try to confront us. He's gonna be a serious adversary. And that got scary. And then a bunch of my friends, three of the best guys from Palantir with Palmer Lucky started the Andrew. And so we backed that early and basically convinced me, you know, at the time, looking at all these things and looking at Andel, we better get back involved in defense. So we said, okay, we're back involved in defense. What are we gonna do? We need to get more of our best and brightest from the tech world, which I'm lucky to come from and have access to, to work on these problems. And we mapped out about 20 different areas and we decided to start Epes first and decided, decided to build that because exactly the future of warfare seemed very clearly to be heading towards drone warfare.


And it's just not sustainable to fire missiles. Drones, right? You, you, you, you're spending a million dollars or a hundred thousand dollars to shoot down something that costs a lot less than that. So you, you need a one to many effect. You need to be able to shoot cones of energy. And the thing we, the thing we realized really with the help of some really smart people like Bo and Nathan, is that it turns out that the, that the chips in Silicon Valley had gotten to be so powerful and so fast that you can, they can help you control power on very small timescales and get the power to hit the emitter And then fire way farther than anything anyone else was doing. And so the emitters was called gallium nitride. It's a super efficient way of shooting Gallium nitro. Gallium nitride is a GaN they call 'em GAN is the, is the element, you know, code, code, the gallium nitride.


These are super efficient emitters. And these exist in other places too. It's a, it's a big breakthrough that was really started to be used in the last kind of like 10, 15 years in a bunch of different contexts. But it turns out, if you use The AI chips, get the power to hit the gallium nitride, you're taking a bunch of power and you're kind of condensing it into like a 10000th of a second or even less of a, of a thing. And so you have this burst, it's a super fast burst, and the burst is intense enough 'cause it's so condensed that when it hits the, the drone, when it hits the electronics, it fries 'em, you know, it destroys them. And then there's all sorts of things you do to kind of tune the burst and figure out how to actually do it most efficiently and effectively to fry these things as well. And you know, we're now, I'm not supposed to say quite how far away, but you're shooting things down from miles away. You're shooting Miles Away. And, and you're, and it is not just, it's not just the, it's not just like the little tiny like, you know, you know, D-D-D-G-I drones or whatever they're called.


It's like, you know, these are the big things that I iran's making for Russia as well. They could take down quite a far distance away. And, and what's really cool is you're not just doing it. So you're doing it for bases, you're doing it for forward attacks, but you can like put these things, you put smaller versions in the cones. So for example, you know, you know Andre's Roadrunner, you've seen that, right? The thing that takes off and lands again. Yeah. You can put it in one of those missiles and you can, And then that one's not gonna work that as far because it's a smaller form factor. But that missile can get up and get pretty close to the, to the bad guy, drones, fire a bunch of 'em And then come back and land. Wow. And so there's things like this that you do now too. So how, how many, how many drones could, like one of these, what what do you call the actual weapon? Is it leonis? Leonis is the, is is the first version of the product that's being forward deployed with, and, and it's just going out actually in the next month, which is great.


You know, the tests have shown you could do about a hundred drones at a time in certain contexts, A hundred drones at a time. I mean, If they're, if they're together and, you know, flying together and, And then, then the thing moves. So you fire, fire, fire. What's great. So you know why it's called emus. So the emus was the both theses, theses was a guy who started Athens and Legends. Right. And a legend, his bow had infinite arrows. And so that's the point here is you're firing electronic power. So you effectively have infinite arrows. See, this thing could fire thousands of times and, and each shot costs almost nothing. Wow. Wow. What's, I'm just, so that gives us hope. So basically all these drones in New Jersey, if we wanted to, they could, you know, deploy a leitis And take it down that way.


And if they want to, they could shoot down right now with any number of different types of missiles, I'm sure. Yeah. But this, this exactly, I mean, I think there's probably rules from the FAA about, there's always regulators about what you could do on shore and where you could do it and how you could do it. But I mean, eventually you'll probably have things like lean on is protecting stadiums, protecting airports. That, that's another reason we started it, by the way, is, you know, when we were building Palantir, one of the big focuses was, was stopping terror attacks. I mean, you know, working and partnering to stop terror attacks, you know, with with, with the United States intelligence community, which I think were very helpful in doing. And so I, I have it on my mind, maybe it's kind of a kind of a sick thing, but like, what are, what's the bad guy gonna do? Right? You kinda have to put yourself in the bad guy's shoes and figure it out. And one of the things a bad guy could do, which would be horrible, maybe I shouldn't talk about too much, is you can attack a stadium, right?


Yeah. You get, you can get lots of little drones, you could put little explosives and cameras on 'em. It'd be really scary. And so I think our stadiums are gonna need to be defended by things like this. Well, yeah, I mean, what, yeah, I mean we just, I had a former CIA targeter in here just a couple days ago. We just released the interview now and actually yesterday. And she's talking about, you know, there, there are at least 1000 very well trained terrorists within our borders right now. Yeah. It Pisses me off. Now that's crazy. There's some really amazing judges I know who are, one of 'em actually was just involved in this, well it doesn't matter, really great decision against the SEC last week. But they would go down to the border and they assign them to like, help 'cause they're overloaded, right?


With the cases. And some of the, some of the Biden administration judges were letting in people on the watch lists and they're like, what are you doing? You can't let 'em in? And he said, no, we're instructed to let in everyone. And like, it's like, I still saying it, I don't even believe it, but this is what I'm told by multiple people. There's been, I think Chip Roy, the congressman, wrote about it as well, isn't that crazy? They're like, they're letting in these people into our country. Like what are they doing? What do you think they're doing? I think it's like this weird ideology where they just, I mean, a, they probably like trying to spend a lot of money while bringing down inflation or bringing in more people and be at some weird, it's just some weird open border ideology. I don't, I don't understand it, but the fact that you'd let people in, even on a watch list, I, I guess they think it's not actually dangerous.


I don't know. It's it's, it's, it's a, i these people don't think in terms of, of like, like you and I in terms of there's bad guys and there's good guys and we gotta keep people safe. And we have this like, adversarial relationship with some other countries. It's almost like they're just like extremely naive people who live in a different type of world than we do. I, I don't know. It's weird stuff, man. Do do you think that they want something to happen for a particular reason to start a war? It's possible. There's Like, I mean, if they come in, yeah, Yeah, It's possible and, and, and do another terrorist attack, then we go right back to war. That spins up the military industrial complex. There, There could be someone, there could be someone who's that sick in the military industrial complex. I mean, I'm, I I I fall in between these factions because on one hand I think we wasted trillions of dollars over in Afghanistan and Iraq and probably shouldn't have been there in the way we were.


I mean obviously we had to do something after the nine 11 attack, but we probably shouldn't have gone and stayed there and, and spent all the money and all the lives, right. But the same. So, so, but it's the same time we do need to stop the bad guys from, from causing problems. But yeah, I think there are some pretty sick people who are, who are much, much more aggressive about just like, always being at war, which is terrible. Yeah. You know, that's one of the things, that's one of the things I love about what you're doing is, is, you know, with the, with the traditional military industrial complex companies, you know, we're, we're shooting down, we're shooting down $500 drones with million dollar missiles. It's crazy, man. It's not, it's not sustainable. If You with a company like what you have ris, I mean it's, it's not that weight, it's an energy.


It's an energy weapon. This is, This is the goal is we're not cost plus people. I think there's this really sick disease of people that their whole incentive is cost plus. They just want to use more of their stuff and sell more of their stuff. And their incentives is, is are pretty screwed up. I think. I think, I think I think the better way to do it is exactly, you gotta, you, you gotta you gotta make things, you gotta make things much, much, much cheaper and better And then change the incentives around. Have it be more like a software thing. Not like a, you know, not like a thing where you're just selling as many as possible at 6%. I mean, you gotta, that brings up a whole nother topic. I mean, what about your personal security? I'm, I'm genuinely curious. I mean, you've gotta be pissing off, you know, Lockheed Oh, for those guys.


That's funny. I always, I thought you meant like killing all the terrorists, But yeah, that's interesting. I'm, I'm, I mean, listen, I think the guy who runs Lockheed Jim, he, he ran American Tower. He is a great businessman. He's like, he's not from the military industrial complex himself. He's been brought in to figure it out and fix some things. 'cause there's some things that are broken there. And he seems like an honorable guy to me. I don't think those kind of guys are are, you know, And then the other thing, let's, let's be honest. I'm like, I'm, I'm a step down from like Peter Teal and, and I, and I'll ask c and Fame, they're both 15 years older than me. They're both important mentors to me. They're my co-founders, I think. I think they're the ones who, who are, who have more security than me. I, we have my security guy outside. I'm not that worried though. Right on man. It's just, there's a lot of money at stake here for those companies.


Raytheon, Lockheed, you know, Northrop Grumman s Like that. It's interesting though. I think, I think, I think Sean's not actually in this case, I think it's not the right way to think about it because it's not like there's like some evil genius behind Raytheon or something, right? Raytheon is like a conglomeration of all of this stuff that merged together in the nineties. There were some great families, great people maybe in the 1940s, fifties, sixties, who created some of this stuff. And back then, by the way, it was legit. It was the best stuff in the world. And so you have this conglomeration And then you have all these bureaucrats and all these committees. And the problem with military industrial people is they become more like the broken bureaucracy in government. So, and, and these bureaucrats, they're mostly cowards, right? They're mostly like people who just like automatically wanna like, do more, fill out more forms.


They want to, they want to, they wanna like go along with whatever's safe. So I, I think part of the problem with these companies is the fact that they're actually not bold and they're not, they're not thoughtful and they're not, they're not, they're not courageous. And so, so, so I I'm not really afraid of the bureaucrats. I'm kind of just like disgusted by them. Does that, does that make sense? It does make sense. It does make sense. Alright, let's, let's break from warfare for a second and let's rewind. Let's go back to your life story. Let's, where did you grow up? Grew up in Fremont, California, the East Bay, near Silicon Valley. Brothers, sisters. I'm the oldest of three boys. I have two amazing younger brothers. I was with one of 'em yesterday in Miami. And they, they both live in Austin, although one of 'em spends a lot of time in Asia.


Right on What did you, like what, I mean, what did you grow up doing? What were your hobbies? A lot of sports, a lot of video games. What, What kind of sports? As a baseball player, I was a swimmer. Got the, got the gold medal and breaststroke for the East Bay Swim League, you know. Nice, Nice. My family's very competitive. We're very competitive. Whether it's sports, whether it's games, we were, each of my brothers and I were state chess champions. My dad was the top chess coach. We thought it was 'cause we were smart after we left my elementary school, they kept coaching. They kept winning the state every year for 20 years. No kidding. And my dad, my dad's super competitive. So You still play chess? It's For fun. Yeah. You know, when you're playing at that age, when we were playing seriously competitively, it wasn't about being smart, it was about my dad training us and we had to do it 30 hours a week if we wanted to stay on top.


So it was, it was a very serious commitment from the age of like six to 12 or so. Who's the best chess player in the family? I think I am. Don't ask my brother. Jeff. Are you teaching your kids chess? We're Starting to, it's actually really funny. So my oldest kids are, are our daughters. You know, I have five kids. So my daughters are, the oldest ones are four, six, and seven and a half. And, and, and they, they, they do little tactics with me and stuff. But I came in the other day when I was trying to, trying to teach 'em and, and they said, daddy, look, the pieces aren't fighting anymore. They're getting married. I'm working on it. Nice, nice. What kind of games were you been to?


Like every Nintendo game. We played baseball a lot as a pitcher. So just all, we, we, we played a lot of, we had a lot of video games, so the parents think it's bad for kids, but I, I thought it was pretty fun. How old are you? 42. 42, okay. So same, same age. So yeah, you grew up with Nintendo. Nintendo, super Nintendo. Right on. Yeah. All that kind of stuff. Right on. Well, what got you, what got you so interested in tech? Well, you know, I was lucky to grow up in Silicon Valley. I had a, obviously it was nerdy myself, but I had even nerdier friends who were teaching me stuff and you know, I had a, I had a small group of friends who went way ahead in math and stuff. And you know, programming and math have a lot in common. So I, I got these guys teaching me how to program at 9, 10, 11 years old, which is normal nowadays.


But back then that was, that was pretty unusual. And you know, I think one of the friends, his dad was at Intel and they got these, they called the Pentium chips member back in the nineties and they'd get 'em and we'd did this rig where you'd like figure out how to over overclock them and you know, use like liquid nitrogen or whatever to cool it off. And it's just, just silly stuff. And then makes the quake two game work a little better. But it's just, just, just like, kind of was in that whole scene. And a lot of my friends, older brothers and people were building companies. So I was really lucky to be exposed to this stuff. Very interesting. Yeah. Where did you go after high school? So I went to, I went to Stanford Computer Science, which is right in the area. It's the Bay Area as well. And it's actually funny, my mom made me apply last minute to Stanford.


I was always gonna go to Caltech or MIT and actually I went back and read it. I, it was the most obnoxious application thing ever 'cause I was so eager to, for them to think I was so great that I just, it was just, when when you read it, you're like, you're like, screw this kid. Like we shouldn't let him in anywhere. 'cause he just like, he thinks he's the coolest guy ever. It was terrible. I was, I was 17 and it was like pretty, you know, pretty overconfident. But, but, but Stanford went, because I did it last minute and didn't, it didn't sound quite as arrogant. I think they let me in. So Stanford, you started interning at PayPal Learning from Yeah, so, so all, so all the really smart and like interesting programmers. I met a bunch of 'em who were a little older than me. I, I was, I was lucky to be a little bit ahead in programming already 'cause I, before I got there, so I got to know some of the older kids and some of the really bright ones were going to work at PayPal and were interning at PayPal, et cetera.


And so I applied my freshman year. I thought, this is really cool. I wanna go work with these people. And I'd, I'd known who Peter Thiel was, he'd founded the, the Stanford Review, which I was, which I was working with. And it became a big editor of, and, and, and they, they actually rejected me in my first year. I applied there. So I applied again. I got in sophomore year. No kidding. Yeah. What was it like? I mean, I don't remember what it was like back then, but Peter thi, Elon Musk Sachs, Reid Hoffman, I mean, were these big names in the space that They they were, they were definitely not big names. No one, no one knew who any of these people were. Not. Not at all. Yeah. So it was like, oh, it's such a coincidence that like all these companies came outta PayPal. But now that we know who Elon is and who Peter Tail is and who these guys are, it's like, of course they're all together there.


You know, there's gotta be a lot of crazy stuff that comes out of it. And it was a power law. This was, this was a group, there were actually two groups, right? It was Elon had x.com and Peter had Infinity and, and they had a bunch of their smartest friends each building stuff. And there were about eight companies in this space in the payment space and these things, these guys were at war with each other. They've obsessed, you know, this, these really talented teams trying to win and then finally realized they should merge rather than, you know, destroy each other. And the companies merge. And I hear Elon kept trying to rename it X he finally got his way later. So, but, but no, it was an amazing group of people. I was just a kid. I get no credit at all for anything that happened there, but I, but I learned a hell of a lot from all these people. That's a hoe of a group of mentors.


It's really fun. Do you keep in touch with all these guys? A bunch of 'em. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. A bunch of 'em, yeah. Know David, David Sachs has that show. They let me on last week. They're all in things. Nice. Pretty entertaining. And you know, Peter, someone I see a lot and he still backs a lot of things I do. And Elon, you know, lives in Austin, Texas now and is a, is a good friend. I text him and bug him sometimes. I'm trying to be helpful with the stuff going on in government. So yeah, it's Fun stuff. Oh, you, you are involved with that, right? I'll do my best to help little bit, a bunch of friends who are involved full time and I've passed a bunch of people in and I'm obsessed with the policy world, so yeah. I'm trying to be helpful there. Good. It's good to have you in there. Yeah. So after PayPal, you went on to build in social media. What, what were you doing in there?


Oh, I was, I didn't, I didn't build anything in social media, but I, I worked for Peter Thiel after PayPal and he had a global macro hedge fund, but he also was the first investor in Facebook at the time. So, so I don't get any credit for that either. But I got to know really well the Facebook founders and the office and the culture. And then right after that he backed me to start Palantir with my roommate from Stanford. What, I mean, what caught your interest in national security? 'cause you, it sounds like you made a switch there. Yeah. You know, you know, so, so I, I'd always been pretty interested in it. It was, if you look at, so computer science, there's like maybe a, a, a young man who likes things that young men, like, there's like, there's like games and there's cool defense stuff. And when you grew up in computer science in Silicon Valley and in the, and the eighties and nineties, you'd constantly hear stories about stuff the NSA was doing.


And the, and the US government was doing that was way ahead of everything else back in the sixties and seventies. So it was almost this mythical thing where, where there's just like some of the coolest, most talented guys were there. Like there's literally stuff that was done by the NSA in the seventies that like the very top academics at Stanford and MIT and et cetera only figured out 15 years later like what the heck they were doing and why they were doing it that way. So it was just, it was just this like, like this is what the cool guys are doing and they're, they're the smartest people are doing, they're working on these problems. And then, you know, I mean, as a kid, you, as you, you watch James Bond and you, you look at this stuff, you wanna get the bad guys, you wanna stop the bad guys. And so I was always fascinated by that world. And at PayPal, the thing that came up, by the way with this, this was central to this, was that Chinese and Russian mafia were stealing all our money, you know about this?


No, no. This was like, yeah, so PayPal was losing like several million dollars a month back then. That was a lot of money. And, and it was very unprofitable because you'd, you'd go, you'd go use your card down the street at seven 11 and the cashier there is not getting paid very well. And so they're like secretly like taking the numbers and they sell a hundred numbers online to the Russians for like 500 bucks. And then the Russians would take those numbers, run 'em through accounts, pretend you did transactions, and you, and you get this thing later, it says PayPal $200. And you're like, I didn't do PayPal 200. So you say no to your credit card company, it's called a chargeback, PayPal has to eat it. And so this was happening at massive scale and PayPal and its competitors were were going under things to this. And so we had to figure out at PayPal, how do you, how do you exactly, how do you, how do you go after it?


We actually ended up taking a bunch of our customer service people building these tools for them, building investigative tools And then helping 'em figure out how to like stop and catch some of the bad guys And then turn 'em in into Secret Service and FBI. So, so I ended up getting to know a bunch of these secret service FBI guys around 2000, 2001, 2002. And I don't, I don't, I don't remember that at all. Wow. How, how long did it take you guys to solve that problem? It, it was, it was kind of a cat and mouse game because every time you figure out what the bad guys are doing, they change their method. So we tried to use ai, right? You try to teach The AI a wasn't nearly as good 20 years ago and The AI could detect something. You was really, machine learning could detect some things, but you really needed the human intelligence layers. You'd have a have a machine learning layer and you'd have these tools to let people see what was going on and you'd keep just iterating and staying ahead of them.


And the tools were good enough, we cut down the fraud by about 90% and that made it profitable. And then eBay was sold, sorry, then PayPal sold to eBay. And so, so, so, so the, the anti-fraud thing was a big piece of what made PayPal work. And we got to know these secret service guys, and these are good guys. They're got, a lot of 'em are good old boys. They're not tech guys. They're, they're, they're just like, you know, trying to figure out what the heck this internet thing is and how to deal with it and how to catch the bad guys. And so they'd come to us for advice and I got to know quite a few of 'em. They come to me for advice on other stuff and we start chatting with them and you know, 'cause cyber crime was a new thing and you're helping 'em out. And then nine 11 happened And then we kind of saw the government spend billions of dollars trying to build new tools to help them do better, you know, stop future stuff. And the stuff they were building horrified us.


It was stuff that was based on principles from maybe like 20 years ago and we're like, wait a second, guys, like Silicon Valley exists. We've done all these new things with all the top talent and it just had, and it was just so disconnecting we realized this is actually really scary 'cause our country's spending actually tens of billions of dollars on this stuff. That doesn't work. That's 20 years outta date. It's just completely not what a top software culture is. And that's when we realized, well we gotta gotta figure out how to get involved and how to fix this. And how did you get involved? We started parents here. Stephanie and I, I got about a bunch of my friends who were in PhD computer science programs one summer to come and sketch and draw it up with us. And they all thought we were totally crazy so we couldn't convince 'em to join. A few of 'em joined a few years later. What, What is Palantir?


So, I mean, at a very high level, Palantir is an effort to take like the very top technology culture in Silicon Valley and apply it to solve the most important problems, you know, in these institutions that didn't have, didn't have tech cultures in the intelligence and defense world, but What is it actually doing? So there's, there was really initially four pillars of Palantir. It was, it was data integration, you know, search, discovery, you know, analysis, knowledge management and collaboration. And each of those is like a really big hard product. So what happens if you have a government department, you know, the time government was spending say $36 billion gathering data. So you're, you're, you're you, it's your job.


There's like 5,000 databases. There's all sorts of SNTs and units and other things coming in. There's all sorts of rules about how you access this database, what you're allowed to see, depending on the context. Like what the hell do you do sitting in the middle of that? That's a, that's a weird, crazy problem. And, and, and you're a smart guy but you're not a computer scientist. And so our job is to empower you. Our job is to, to hook up to all the databases, integrate it so it all could be seen together. Let you ask simple questions like, okay, take this guy, we found Exus bin Laden. Show me any links to anyone else around him based on these contexts. Okay, now take those guys in March for them. Do they show up in any databases? What do we know about them? And just be able to kind of iteratively explore and analyze well, not breaking the rules on what you're allowed to see and, and, you know, bringing things in more easily.


So it's, it's a, it's a, it is a hard problem to solve. I mean This, it was, it from a layman's terms, it seems like very, it, it, it helps predict There's some prediction, but you're really, what you're really doing. So, so to paler today is different than Palantir then Palantir then is all about organizing this information to extend human intelligence into this massive amount of data. 'cause there's no way that any single human's gonna be able to keep, you know, 5,000, 20,000 databases of stuff, of different formats in their mind at a time. So you're gonna have to organize it in a way you can interact with it, ask questions, preserve your investigations, share with others, collaborate. So that's the problem now. Now it turns out that organizing all this information in all these ways is very powerful to then apply AI on top of it.


And so as AI has gotten to be more advanced, there are now a lot more predictive, a lot more kind of like magical ai like things that it could do thanks to that. So eight Palantir was, was lucky in a way to have a top technology culture and to be solving these, these kind of data organization ontology, workflow problems we call 'em, that when AI came along, it was really powerful to add AI to it and go even faster. I mean, you guys were doing this with also with, with IED and placement too. A hundred percent. Like, like to be able to take all the data and figure that out. I, we first started working with a bunch of the special forces groups and we really helped them and, and, and you know, figure out some of those hard problems and partner with them, some really smart guys that already taught us like, here's the data you should be looking at. And we brought together with that partnership and did it. And then the army brigade said, well we need this too.


'cause 'cause they needed it badly and they couldn't pay for it of course. 'cause they have some giant bureaucratic process. We just gave it to them. We said, just show us the lives you're safe. That's all we want to see, because that's really inspiring to our engineers. And they started showing us the lives they were saving. And then it came up for bid. It's called the Defense Ground control System. Dcis remember his was, it was called back then, I remember. And of course some general gave it to his friend for like $5 billion at some other company. And, and everyone protested like using Pound, we don't want to use the wait years for this giant contract. So we ended up suing the government. And, and I, I never su anyone but Palantir had to sue because they purposely just gave it to their friends and we won. And they, and it took years, but they eventually used us. You know, what was shocking to me is when they finally eventually used Palantir, I met a bunch of the guys and they all said, it's the best thing ever.


It's amazing. We thought you guys were fake. We thought you guys were liars. 'cause 'cause the people who were competing against us that just like talked shit about us for years of course. But we finally got in and made it work, Man. That had to be, that had to be pretty enraging to, It's pretty frustrating when you're saving lives and you're doing it for free and you're like, have always four to play. People just like working their asses off to like really to help. And then, And then they treat you like, like crap. Yeah. I said, but you know, because Palantir went through that and because SpaceX went through something similar with their whole competition. We've paved the way now where a lot of the generals and admirals in Congress is more on the side of new innovation now. They're more open to it. They're more willing to let it, let it in, let it compete, which is important. 'cause that's a much better place we're in now than we were 15 years ago.


Man. That's that's great to hear. I don't have much trust in anybody in government, but there's Some good ones every once in a while who really care and you just gotta partner with those, You know, being, coming one of the top serial entrepreneurs in the two thousands. I mean, what are some, what are some lessons learned? You know, when it comes to building companies? You know, First of all, i, I come from this, this background in Silicon Valley with these tech cultures. Like first of all, to build the really top companies, you need a really great technology culture. You need a place where the very best engineers, they're fighting to come in. So I think a typical company is like, you're like looking for engineers.


Like, oh, I have this idea, I gotta find these people. I'm gonna find who's gonna help. And what you, what you want is you want like the very most talented technologists in the world, it's there and you want people lining up from the top places to try to come in. And that's a very hard thing to build. But that, that to me, that's number one. If you wanna build a multi-billion dollar company, like, like it's absolutely a plus plus tech culture because what you could do with a really great tech culture is just, it's just, you can try like 10 things or a hundred things in the time that, that the other guys like still building their thing. And even, and, and you're, and you, you impress people. You make it work, you iterate. Like with Palantir, we'd be back and forth every couple weeks to dc they'd have all these objections. We'd come back two weeks later, we would've done the equivalent of six months of work for a typical contractor in the two weeks. And we showed 'em, look it, it's ready now.


We did what you said and we, and do that, do that over two years, you know, 50 times. You know, eventually you get somewhere really fast. So as a tech culture is number one. I'd say number two is you have to have a vision about, like, this is a gap in the world that you're really confident in because building companies is really hard. Things go against you, things take a long time. No one actually, no one else actually believes in you and believes you're gonna make it. So you gotta be really sure there's this gap that you're going after and really sure you're right. And just, you know, it takes, it takes a certain, takes a certain overconfidence almost to be willing to go after that and do it. You'd be a little bit crazy. Maybe I didn't ask this about your childhood, but I'm curious, did you, did you grow up in a fairly wealthy household Or I'd say more middle class.


Middle class. My dad, my dad, you know, I I, one of the most obnoxious stories I remember is when I was like four and a half and we were flying on a plane economy and I, I asked my dad, I said, dad, why aren't we in the front? And he said, well you know, this costs a lot more money and we're comfortable here. I said, dad, but you're really smart. You're smarter than all those people. Why, why don't you have enough money to be in the front of the flame? Super obnoxious kid. My dad was really smart and he just prioritized spending a hell of a lot more time with family. He was, he was one of eight. He brought, I, I'm the oldest of 19 cousins, so we brought 'em all out to the Bay area from Massachusetts and he, he did a great work, but he never really, he, he had, he grew up lower middle class. So for him being middle class and having, you know, having enough money was, was fine.


He didn't care, which is, which I admire by the way, as a kid, I was a kid. I was obnoxious. But like, there's a lot of lessons in that. It was really cool. How did you, I mean, how did you get going? I mean to to you're talking about, you know, lessons learned and basically what you're saying is hire the best tech people there are. How did, how were you able to find the capital to afford to, to Bring that? That's a that's a good question. You know, at Palantir and also at Adapar and my other companies, we actually usually try to pay lower salary, higher equity. So you'd give 'em more upside in the company. So they had to believe in the company. We, and it was interesting, whenever we gave someone an offer, we'd give 'em three choices for the offer.


You could say you could take more cash, but they get a little bit less, you know, medium cash medium or take less cash and take more, take more upside. And, and like the very best people, the ones who the really best, they always want even less cash and even more upside. No kidding. Which is, it Is just 'cause 'cause it's like, it's like they're just confident. We're just gonna fricking win. And it was fun. I used to give 'em a table, here's what their shares would be worth if we had a certain level of success and we'd like, we'd give 'em the different types of options. And the biggest option was if we make this company worth $5 billion, here's what your shares are gonna be worth. And everyone says, Joe, you can't save $5 billion. That's too high. That's ridiculous. So that was, you know, it was kind of fun and it's 160 now, but that took, took 20 years. Wow. What kind of percentage of ownership were you or, or shares were you like Offering?


I mean, I mean, I mean, so for, for an early really strong engineer, they might get a, you know, depending how where we are like, you know, you might get a really strong one early on, might get 1% And then it gets diluted over time, right? So you get, goes down. But like later on people get a half percent, a quarter percent and, and you know, dilution is when you raise more money. So you go in a little bit less than that. But let's say you started with a quarter percent, you get diluted down to 0.1%. But, you know, 0.1% of, of a few billion is still still a really big number and 0.1% of of, you know, of a hundred billion is a lot. So, so a lot of these guys did really well. Wow. Very How long did it take you to start? How, how, I mean was there a turning point? Oh yeah, oh yeah. You actually, you know, three years into Palantir we were building this software, iterating a few of the top guys were best the engineering side were basically ready to quit.


They're like, Joe, this is just not working out. Like we haven't got enough contracts. It just seems like it's really unlikely it's gonna be there. And you know, I, I found this in life is oftentimes right before the breakthroughs. You get this like really hard time where people are just like giving up and I think I convinced a couple of 'em, let's just push for six more months 'cause we have these other things coming and you know, and Alex Carrp did a really great job of figuring out how to get both the FBI and CIA to move on something. And all of a sudden we had these bigger contracts and it was good and we were building, but it, it came really close to dying early on. This stuff, this stuff takes a long time to build, right? And like I said, you gotta be a little bit of crazy 'cause it's just, you just gotta push really hard. You're building a bridge and you don't know if the Allen's there or not, that you're building it too, you know. Man, that's super inspiring.


So from from Palantir, where, what was next for you? I ended up, so I was, I was helping Peter with the, with the hedge funds my other passion and I did a lot of finance and was mapping that world out and, and it was after the financial crisis in 2008. We were thinking like, well there's a lot of things that are like not organized in this space and they're messy. And we realized one of the ways to really make things work better in finance would be to have like a platform with like root access to everyone's wealth and organize those problems, organize better from there. And, and I also had just made some money myself. So I had like what's called a little bit of a family office, like a small one. And instead I was, I talked to people, how do you run your family office? I was talking to what are called RAs, the registered investment advisors. And it was a mess.


They all hated their technology. So I was pretty arrogant at the time having just had some success, you know, and, and Palantir was starting to grow really well. I said, I'm gonna build a company that fixes this space. And I thought it couldn't be that harder. We're running, you know, data globally for all these intelligence agencies and defense stuff to do this little finance thing. And so we started it off and it turned out was a really hard problem as well. It took about, again, about three years to get to work. It's called Adapar. But today Adapar is doing really, it took us a long time, but Adapar is now by far number one in the country. We just crossed $7 trillion reported over adipar. So it's so, so it's a leader in that space. Now you, You just crossed what, $7 trillion Wow. Reported over adipar. So if you think of like a big investment advisor, a big bank with wealth managers or family offices, even some of 'em here in Nashville, you know, with friends you mentioned like those guys are probably running their family office and their wealth off of Adipar to do all of their data and reporting and decisions and how does their accountants see it, how does their lawyers see it?


How does they bring together all the information, figure out what to do next. And you know, it's really good for finance to be more data-driven. 'cause if things are not data-driven, it becomes an old boys club. It becomes just like insiders just doing things like insiders do. Whereas once you have all the data, it's, it's, it is able to bring in and, and help new solutions work and help, you know, help people actually break into it. So I think it's been a good thing. Very interesting. Very interesting. You know, we're talking about all things pretty much ai do you know, I mean, what, What is powering all this stuff? 'cause AI takes a tremendous amount of energy from what I understand. So, so Going yeah. So, 'cause 'cause a lot of those companies initially were just in, in the cloud and that was a pretty expensive thing. And Amazon and others, and Google and Oracle set up these big giant, you know, things that made a ton of money, like the infrastructure power in the cloud thing, you know, powering things like Adapar was become a big business and now all of a sudden you, there's a whole new infrastructure of course with Nvidia chips and everything else to build for ai and this is like a, it's like a trillion dollar investment and it's one of the biggest investments we've ever made.


Infrastructure in our civilization to power all this new AI stuff we're doing. And I'm sure you guys on your team are using it for, for different things. We're each using it for things, you know, we're, we're, we're gonna need more power. I'm, a lot of us are big fans of nuclear, but right now we don't have a lot of nuclear in our civilization. I think it's still, we do have some, by the way, it's 20% of what we do is about that. But a lot of us want to wanna ramp up nuclear. I think this administration's gonna do that. But you know, a lot of people wanna ramp up solar in different ways. You know, there's, there's a lot of, there's and there's a lot of good options for how we do this, but it is, it is a big problem to, to make sure we do that if we're gonna gonna keep growing this stuff Is so is solar actually a realistic option? Yeah. Or ai, You know, so the problem is, it's actually funny, there's this term I like, so a lot of people, the old term, the old term is, is clean energy of course, because they call it cleaner, which I don't know if solar panels are that clean, it kinda takes a mess to make 'em, but you know, it's, it's, it's clean in the sense that when you're using 'em, they're spread clean.


There's another term called intermittent energy. And intermittent energy is stuff that's not always on, which is wind and solar. So if you're gonna use intermittent energy, first of all, we've probably over subsidized that because if you have too much intermittent energy, it just screws you, right? 'cause it makes energy cheaper where the sun's shining And then, And then everyone's screwed and there's not, you know, you have to pay people even more who, who are car running all the time when the sun's not shining. Batteries are getting better. But, and, and and there are, there are certain, like things, for example, with air conditioning, you probably could, that works really well. 'cause you need more energy anyway when it's sunny outside. So listen, I, I think solar is a big part of the solution, but, but you know, I think for the base load, I think natural gas and nuclear are the obvious things to scale up right Now. Do you know anybody that's working with cold fusion?


There's a lot of stuff, you know, there's, there's a few different companies. There's one called Commonwealth in Massachusetts that a bunch of my friends are invested in. And it's interesting 'cause fusion's one of those things where for a while my, when I was younger, just really skeptical. 'cause it's always supposed to be coming And then you're like, this is never gonna come. It's crazy. But it turns out you can actually map out the ratio of the energy you put in to get out And then, and you kind of graph that, right? And so if you graph that, it's like, it's called like the, the, the thing, it's called the Q ratio or something. If you graph that, it was like, I think like 0.2, like 10 years ago. So you only got back a fifth as much energy out and it kept going up and up and up and now it's over one. So fusion's now over one in terms of energy coming out, I don't know exactly. It's like 1.2, 1.3. It starts to get really economic around 1.5, one by six and really economic at two.


And it looks like you graph it, it's gonna cross, I think it crosses two in the early 2030s. I think some of these new designs make that very likely. I'm not, this is not something that just happens magically, like it's a ton of billions of dollars at work. But, you know, one, one thing I will say about America that's awesome is even people I disagree with politically, I have a lot of friends, you know, in the tech world for example, that might be on the, might be on the other side, but, but there's people on both sides who, including Bill Gates, including all sorts of other guys who are putting just a ton of money into this fusion research, these fusion companies. And I think we're gonna get there and I think it's really, really good for our civilization. If we do, if we have cheap energy, man, that helps everyone. But it helps the working class more than anyone else because it just, it just makes everything cheaper and I think it's a really good chance we get there. Can you go into a little bit of that? Because I don't think under, I don't think people understand, you know, why cheaper energy would really help the economy in middle class, lower class homes?


Oh yeah. I mean this is the cost of everything. Cost of food, the cost of driving your car, the cost of building stuff, the cost of like building a manufacturing plant for things you buy the cost of running the manufacturing plant, everything comes back to energy. If you make energy cheaper, you make everything cheaper. And it means all of us can afford more stuff. And by the way, it's not just like, like if you make energy cheaper, it's also then cheaper to clean the environment. It's cheaper to, to like, to make things more green, right? So there's all this stuff that just like in our society, like there's this tied to that. And if you look at the standard of living the last couple hundred years for like poor middle class, it's tracked like almost one-to-one in a lot of cases, you know, with the cost of energy, it's a really big deal to innovate on that.


It's just, it just, it is just been this very predictive thing for how well people are doing. What's the holdback with nuclear energy? What is, What is the, well, There's two different holdbacks. The holdback on the fission side, which is what we should be scaling up now, is that we have an insane regulatory apparatus. And so we had this like, it was like this atomic energy group in the US that was very innovative and we used to do things very quickly in the like fifties, sixties, and we built a ton of plants. And then in like the mid seventies, they shifted it and it became what's called the NRC, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the nuclear regulatory Commission as far as I could tell. And all of my friends can tell had a mandate of just stopping anything new. So if you graph like new nuclear, new nuclear stuff like this And then flat lines and, and, and do, and these people like, it's just crazy.


So basically like, so my father for his job actually was at something called Raychem and he was selling heat tracing and he would sell heat tracing these different types of industrial plants. And, and sometimes he would try to sell to a nuclear plant. And when he had to sell to a nuclear plant, he had to bring like, like 60 binders that they had to work on. And then all this stuff of just nonsense information, it made it 10 times as expensive for 'em to sell to nuclear plants. So, so what these bureaucrats did is they created so many rules and so many laws that made no sense whatsoever. And by the way, all of us want nuclear to be safe, but this was just like way aggressive beyond that. And so it made it unprofitable to do new nuclear plants. And so what happened is, starting from the mid seventies, you no longer could innovate on this technology and you only had what you had. And, and so, so it really crushed the industry for really almost a couple generations now.


And finally, finally thinks the great work by a lot of people. I know one of my friends who started Airbnb, his, his wife's is a model who's a big nuclear energy promoter. It's really cool. They're, you know, they're, they're just really into this and a bunch of other friends who are pushing nuclear energy. It's finally coming back as a, as a bipartisan thing that it's cleaner for the environment, it's good for their, for everyone, including the working class. It's good for American business. We should be innovating again in nuclear energy and building it. So, so, so, so it looks like we're gonna start fixing the regulations and allowing us to do more things there. I think this new administration, Chris Wright's coming in as Secretary of Energy. He's a very big fan of it. So I'm, I'm seeing really good things. So, so that's gonna come back there. That's what's been blocking that on the fusion side, we just haven't had the technology, but this big investment might get us there the next decade.


And do you think that, do you think that big oil and gas lobbyists have something? It's very, it's very possible. It's very possible. That part of the reason there's probably, like, if you look at, if you look at Germany, the Green Party in Germany, which is a left party, was basically founded around an anti-nuclear energy framework. So there is like a crazy part of the left that's against nuclear energy. But I bet you on the right, there's some interest from oil and gas that I can't go back in time and see those conversations in the smoke field rooms. But I bet you some of those guys, you know, I love Texas, but I bet you some of those guys in Texas, they, they, they might have had a thing to say about that. Now they, today, are they blocking it? Nah, no, they're not really anymore. I think, I think we're gonna break through and fix it, you know, and most of the guys, I know Chris Wright comes from the, he created, you know, giant fracking company, liberate energy.


I think a lot of these guys nowadays are, you know, they have a lot of money, money, they love the country. They just want the best solutions to win, is what I've seen. I'm sure there's some of 'em that don't want it, but I think overall the, the vibe shift we are in and the, it is just like, let's do what's best for America. So I think we're gonna break through and fix the regulation. I'm hoping, I mean a lot of people being included are very concerned about our power grid, you know? Yeah. And, and, and so I got, I would like to kind of hang out on this subject for a little bit. I mean, sure. A lot of people are seeing rolling blackouts. Yeah. You know, power grid structure is extremely outdated. It's old, doesn't seem like it's getting updated anytime soon. You know, how, how, how much is the, is our outdated power grid holding us back?


It's, it's gonna become a bigger problem. I, I I agree. It's, it's, I mean, especially as you go to more electric vehicles where it's distributed and everyone wants to charge, that's gonna weigh on these grids. They need, they need to be modernized The way we've built them right now, Sean, is the regulation again, is a problem here. The incentives are all screwed up. You're only allowed to charge certain amounts or spend in certain amounts. And it's, it's very much like one of the areas of our society that's like one of the common areas of our society. By common, I mean it's like controlled by top down by government and told what to do. And it's like, you know, I have two concerns. One is it's not ready to work with what we're gonna need, as, you know, in terms of future demand the next five or 10 years. Two, it's not protected very well at all. So if I was an adversary who wanted go to war against America or wanted to harass America, probably lots of ways to break in hack in, take down these utilities and you know, it's kind of crazy.


Like we spend all this money on defense. We haven't defended any of that stuff at all. I think we should leave it to the local towns, but I'm sorry, these small towns aren't gonna know how the heck to Yeah. Defend against the top hackers in China, you know, so, so there's, there's definitely a lot we could be doing to fix that. Are you concerned that China manufactures a lot of our energy equipment? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's, I'm concerned in general that we don't have an advanced manufacturing base. It's nearly as big as it needs to be. I think from a geopolitical perspective, it's extremely dangerous. And if we wanna be ready, so in World War ii, it wasn't that we had like a bunch of big defense contractors, it's that we had a bunch of big industrial, you know, manufacturers and powers that were able to be shifted to do things for the war. And if, if we've, we've basically gotten rid of a lot of that base. And I think we need it back if we wanted to off defend ourselves.


So I, I think, I think Trump and is very good on this. He shifted it back, I think, I think even his first term actually kind of turned the whole conversation in our country where a lot of people on both sides now agree, we need to fix this. And so, but, but we, I mean this is where the tariffs against China, if they're done correctly are, are not totally insane at all. It makes a lot of sense to me. Yeah. How, I mean, how do we, where do we start, you know, with updating the grid? Are we talking, I mean we're talking everything from power lines to power plants to transformers. I think, I think, I think, I think I think an effort to, to do more advanced manufacturing here and to, and to, and to, and to, and to give, give some kind of, you know, general subsidies and have a competition is not totally insane.


Again, to rebuild our manufacturing base. And, And then, you know, I think, I think you have to look again at, at how it's being regulated and what the incentives are for people to update these things. And you need people to have the proper incentive to update 'em.


Let's take a quick break here. I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show and their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite. That's Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite.


Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. Alright, Joe, we're back from the break. We had a little side conversation about the, the incoming administration and we're both pretty fired up about it. I'm just, who are you most excited about? Do you have anybody in particular that, Well, I, I'm most excited about Elon and Vivek and the Doge effort because this is something I've wanted to see for forever. I'm like, probably like one of the only guys in tech that's done a lot in policy on the, on the right, on the small government side for the last 10, 20 years.


And it's like the world just like shifted this way. Like the vibe shift is exactly in line with stuff I've been thinking and talking about for a decade. So I'm, I'm, I'm so excited about this. What, I mean, how fast do you think they're gonna start cleaning this stuff up? They're Already doing it, man. They can't really officially do it yet, but they're already making all the plans. There's people working hard there, there's guys picking me, Joe, we need another engineer for this. We're trying to map this out. We're, we need, we need more lawyers for this. We're gonna mean they're going right now as hard as they can and, and getting ready. So it's, it's gonna be really bold. Do You think they'll have it all mapped out before they even step in? Well, I think the way Elon works in general is just like, what can we do right now? And then what can we do next? Let's just focus on what we can do right now. So they have what's called their day one priorities, and they're just focused and sprinting on everything they could do day one.


And I think they're gonna have a lot of stuff ready for day one. How would, I mean, where do you think they're gonna start? Do you think they'll go from agency to agency to, you know what I mean? Do will they do it in sections or will be all one big sweep in different Stages? I mean, I mean they're, they're bringing in like, at least like well over a hundred people, the Doge effort. And there's gonna put a few of them directly into each agency. A lot of the transition team itself is hiring people to put into these jobs who are the policy, you know, there's these policy placements that are all working with Doge and being liaisons with Doge and, you know, they're, they're gonna, they're gonna, they're gonna come outta the gate with a bunch of general things. A bunch of removing certain people, a bunch of removing certain regulations. There's all sorts. I, I, I can't, I can, I can't go into the details exactly of what they're gonna be doing, but it's gonna be really aggressive right from the start.


How much pushback do you think they're gonna get? I mean, and will it, will it affect their, their effort? I mean, it's a really good thing that the Supreme Court of the United States right now is controlled by the pro liberty side that's skeptical of the special interests of government bureaucracy. The government bureaucracy is one of the most powerful special interest in our country. It's, it's such, it's such like a strong force. So, you know, what happened is that in the late 1970s, in a very, very kind of like government union biased Congress of Jimmy Carter's Congress and they just put in all these crazy rules to try to make it impossible to hold people accountable. I'm you sure you've seen this a lot in government too. And so they will fight it really hard. But a lot of us believe, and I think the Supreme Court believes that the intent of the Constitution is that the president is supposed to be in charge of the executive branch is supposed to have unitary authority to, to remove people and, and to fix things.


And you know, there's another thing called the Impoundment Act from the 1970s as well. They tried to force Nixons in to say, you know what, you have to spend every last dollar that we procure, you know, and tell you to spend. And I'm, I'm not sure that's constitutional, that's, that's an, that's an unconstitutional like, you know, thing coming from Congress on the presidency. So I think controlling the presidency, controlling the courts, we only partially control Congress. 'cause you really need 60 senators to really do something bold. But we partially control that too. We, we should be able to get a lot done here, Man. I hope so. The whole world's watching man. I, I was with someone even like freaking k Starers government, which, which I have some issues with over in the uk obviously they're, they're like kind of more really hard left side. Like even people out there is like, they know they have to cut their bureaucracies.


Bureaucracies are like these cancers man that have grown outta control. They're unelected. They think they're in charge. They're laughing and saying, no worry, we're gonna be here forever. We're gonna stop whatever you do. It's just like level of like broken arrogance. Like we have to, if Elon and Trump and Vivek and like a bunch of my other friends, oh my smartest friends are going in to help right now. If these guys can't do it, it's not possible. So, so we all have to root for them for the sake of our civilization because if we can even, you know, get part of what they're doing right, that's a much brighter future for everyone. Who else are you excited about? There's, there's a lot of great people coming in. I think we were talking about, I think cleaning out the DOJ with Kosh Patel is gonna be, there's just so much corruption, so much mess there. The stuff you see coming out, it's like they're spending all their time going after white supremacists as opposed to real criminal.


And the whole thing is just crazy. I, and by the way, there are good people in the FBI, there's still people in the FBI trying to find communists, trying to find bad things happening in our country. Yeah. So we gotta be careful. It's not that the whole agency, like if you have friends in the FB, they might be a great person, but there's just so much corruption, so much waste, so much nonsense in these places. Yeah, I I am, I'm ecstatic the cash cut in there, I think he is gonna do a phenomenal job. What do you think about Chris Ray resigning? Why do you think he did that? I think these guys are probably afraid at this point. I don't know. Or maybe, maybe he just knows his, you know, there's, there's a vibe shift. He knows he's not supposed to be in charge anymore. You know, you know what, you know what the vibe before it was like, it was bureaucratic, it was cowardly, it was guilt ridden.


Like that was like, that was like the vibe for like, from like the whole like, you know, like woke movement. And now instead the vibe is, is it's greatness. It's courage, it's joyous ambition. I mean, the whole country has just shifted away. Like these guys, they, there's this like overvalue on credential, right? It's like, just like fake credentials. And now we're shifting towards like you judgment and common sense. Like, like it's, it's like nature is healing here, man. Things are going back to the right way. And, and I think a lot of people know that their time is over. Do you think we're gonna see a lot of, you think we're gonna see some mass pardons? I'm scared of that. I'm scared of, I don't know. I mean, I get him pardoning his son, although the way he did it was super sketchy 'cause he basically did it for the whole Ukraine period. Which, so we, you know, I hope we could still do that investigation and find out what went on.


I mean, the guy, it's, it's ter such a corrupt family. It's just terrible. You saw that thing where he, he paid one of my friends in, in like, like a, a booklet. It was art, it was made with his own own shit. I can't even say it. It's, it's crazy to see this stuff. It's like he literally was 300,000 behind on rent. So he tried to pay it with his, with the art made from his shit. It's like, and he did like, he got away with it. He's pardoned now. So he's, I don't think he can go after him for anything. Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm worried you're gonna see a bunch of more mass pardons. I really hope not. The joke is he'd pardon SBF 'cause SBF gives so much money to the Democrats and, And then, you know, the, a crazy guy. I really hope not. It's just the whole thing's crazy man. Do you have any concerns with the upcoming administration? Yeah, listen, I, I think you can't agree a hundred percent with anyone. I actually posted on X recently.


Like, you know, I, I disagree with the, with the longshoreman decision that came out recently where the, what, so, so Trump said that we're not gonna automate the ports and we're not gonna, and that it's a waste of money to automate the ports. And I know about equipment and it's not worth buying this equipment and we should just let the unions keep going. And you know, and what I posted is, I think trump's clearly wrong on this, but you know, it's okay to disagree with someone and still respect them and follow them in other areas. So I don I don't think we have to agree. I'm never gonna agree with someone a hundred percent. I'm never gonna be afraid to say it. I think that's how America's supposed to work. And if people don't think America works that way, too bad. I'm just gonna keep speaking out because, you know, and so I a hundred percent love to Trump's president. I agree with a bunch of stuff he's doing, but like giving in to these like crazy corrupt union mafia people, not what I would've done.


I get it in the sense that a, there's a vibe shift where you want the union vote for the right and B, like he doesn't want a giant strike to deal with as he comes into office. So I respect that and that's his decision. I wouldn't have done it in a way that kind of like attacked automation. I think that's silly. Yeah, that's interesting. I never thought of that. Interesting. Well, let's move back into, I know we already talked a lot about est, but I'm just fascinated with the subject. So where, how did that even pop up on your radar? What, what was going through your head? What when it started With the est when it got started? Yeah, so the thing, the thing was, the thing we were talking about earlier is basically we realized that China was gonna be an adversary. That this like crazy guy's actually communist who's coming in.


He's forcing his best and brightest to work on new ways to get us. And we said, okay, what does the war look like in the 21st century? Like What is the war for gonna happen? Gonna have happen? And you're gonna have like these massive numbers of drones is by far the best way to fight and you're gonna need ways to stop 'em. And so, so, so, so What is it? Where are the most important weapons? Well if you could have force fields, if you have the Star Trek shields, that's pretty freaking cool. And let's, let's, and it turns out that in venture capital there's two things, right? In venture capital, there's, there's where's the best talent in the world and what's possible Now that wasn't possible before we have access to the best talent. We're lucky to have that. So what's newly possible, well turns out these chips are now fast enough to control power on small timescales to make our electronic warfare weapons work way better.


So we said, okay, this is a really key area because we know there's new possibility here, let's prove it out. And it was really fun 'cause with about 30 $40 million on our side, we're able to go to the desert to have a competition against guys who've raised and spent and given, given billions and billions by the government, tens of billions by the government for their stuff. And, and when the hardened drones flew for the same size, same power, we shot down the hardened drones nine and a half times farther away. Are you serious? Nine and a half times farther the away than the guys who got billions of dollars of contracts. And it's because there's these new possibilities that they didn't know how to do. How was it, how was it developed? Where'd you guys develop this? El, El Segundo, Nathan Mince, Beau Mar, a bunch of the guys, Andy Lowery, a bunch of really key guys on their team who, you know, and the dna NA was a combination like we had the DNA n from the Silicon Valley world.


We have the DNA from the electronic warfare world. So there's some people who have worked at some of these other places because there's just certain expertise that's been built up in America that no one else has. That you need to build on what already exists and build on the kind of knowledge of how gallium nitrite can be worked with as well as what's newly possible. Is Leon an offensive weapon as well as a defensive Weapon? There's lots of ways it's, yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's its core. It's really, it's a defensive thing in a sense that like you can have something protecting a city or a base or a squadron, but I mean, if you're going to be attacking the bad guys and you're going forward, you want to have these things, right? You want to have ways of stopping the drone and other attacks from getting you during an offensive. So, or you based by the way, you wanna just turn off the area you're attacking. Imagine if there's an area you're going after and all the electronics go dead, that's probably pretty useful right before an attack.


Yeah. So what would you, what would you point the, the weapon at if you wanted to take out a, could you take out a city? What what do you mean by that? Like, turn off the power and Yeah, you turn off the power in a cone that goes again, we're not supposed to say how far, but, but quite a far, far distance. And so you could definitely turn off an area of this town or a city and you could move it to turn off more. Yeah. Holy shit. Yeah, It's pretty crazy, right? It Is. We used To think, we used to think about this in terms of when I was a kid you thought about like, like the EMP from a nuke going off in the high atmosphere. So that'd be like, it's another, but you know, that's actually a much more aggressive and scary version of these things. But, but this thing de can only be used once this thing could keep being used without hurting anyone at all.


Could this, could this take out a nuke and flight? It could. So, so it's frying electronics. So if you think about our, for satellite defense for example, which is not what we're doing right now, which is just, it's just me talking outta my butts. So excuse me if it's, if I get something wrong, but, but my bias would be that if something's targeting a satellite, it needs to be adjusting its flight in order to hit it. And so you probably, what you'd wanna do with satellite is you'd wanna blast this and you'd blast it a certain number of miles away And then you could just adjust slightly and the thing's not gonna know how to hit you. Same thing a cargo plane's a better example probably, right? So I think if you got a big slow cargo plane in a bad guy's trying to take it out, which is key for contested logistics, you can put one of these on it, you know, you always see the movie where the missile's trying to follow the guy, you blast the missile, now it's a dumb missile And then you turn right.


So there's things like that we're probably gonna be doing for defending planes and things like That. Wow. So this, so these, these might be deployed on planes I think, I think, I think some version of these will definitely be deployed on planes at some point if we're gonna be having battles. Now the question is what type of planes and drones we, we have or used in 10 years. But, But yeah, you definitely want, I mean definitely want cargo planes no matter what I think. So you definitely Use 'em. What, what other, what other type of, what other type of stuff are these things gonna be deployed on a naval ships I would assume? Oh, ships are, I mean our company's, which is building the, you know, hopefully thousands and thousands of these smart autonomous kind of like so smart autonomous weaponized vessels you're gonna want, that could be one of the things you put on an autonomous vessel obviously during a battle is to be able to go around and turn things off with this.


So I think, I think you're gonna have stuff like that too. Are there different sizes now? A hundred percent. So the ones that are, the ones that are leitis is a certain size, which, which is, you know, takes out a c certain distances much farther if you wanted to, for example, if for example, this was put in an Android roadrunner, if we did that kind of partnership like that would, like there's only a small cone inside the roadrunner, so there's only a certain amount of of stuff you could put in there that might only shoot things effectively like 20 or 30 meters for example. But that might be okay because the Roadrunner could fly up, fly next to the swarm and shoot a bunch of times and go back and land again. I love that video that Palmer made with, with the guys on that is such a cool, that's a cool weapon. So combining it with stuff like that would be great Man. Could you, can you go into the road runner a little bit other?


So, so I'm, I'm, I'm lucky to be an early investor in Andel, Brian Chimp, Tre Stevens MA bunch of our superstars from Palantir co-founded this with my friend Palmer. Palmer before had started Oculus was the VR company. And actually back to me at the beginning of that he was like, he was a crazy kid, like 20, 21 years old. We met him and he had these prototype and we're like, guys, this is too crazy. Let's give him a little bit of money though. It's so impressive. And then we actually co-led the next round 'cause we're starting to work And then Facebook bought it and he very famously got kicked outta Facebook for being a Republican. That's a longer conversation What you know about this? I didn't know that. Yeah, no, he like put up a billboard against Hillary and was like outspoken. I mean listen, you're all of a sudden a billionaire in your mid twenties and you have opinions and it's right in the middle of woke Silicon Valley.


So they, this Facebook's like famously like on the other side of it, so they just attacked him like crazy and, and you know, all these people are really nasty to him. A lot of people have come out from Facebook and apologized to him now 'cause he's now like this really important leader in our country doing great things and they realize they're were wrong to treat him that way. So it's like a, it's like a whole saga in his life of being like beaten down and out and discarded. Not badly. He is a billion billionaire, you know, just because we're talking about Raz at his wedding, he's not gonna like this. Maybe I was at his wedding and I was sitting next to like, you know, Peter Teal and Senator Cruz and all these people and it's a beautiful, beautiful wedding. He's a very wealthy guy. His twenties getting married and all of a sudden all the music goes off and top gun music comes on And then like the helicopter flies over us with a no and it lands behind the behind and he and Palmer's flying it.


He comes out in in TLS and he never dresses up nicely for the helicopter. Goes away And then the normal music comes back on and his wife comes in normally with her dad. But that's the kind of guy he just, he's hilarious. Damn, that's awesome. He's a basically America's Ironman. He's like, he's a hilarious inventor guy. Amazing guy. So he invented all this hardware for, for the first real VR in America that worked And then, And then he partners to my Palantir guys and they start Andrel and they're, And then, and so Andrel has all these crazy cool products and are, they're running circles around the primes. They're basically like the next new prime, right? They just raised like billions of dollars at like, you know, 15, $20 billion valuation range. And so one of their new products, which is amazing, it, it reminds me of Elon's rockets. It, it is a missile that can open up launch and if it's not used, it comes back and lands and waits and gets used again.


Which is not something that I think the generals new to ask for. But if you think about warfare, it's all about like dollars per effectiveness. Like if you have a bunch of things attacking you fire 50, these things use 10 or 20 if you need and have the other ones come back and use them again. It's way better. Right? So and by the way, this thing is like a tiny fraction of the cost of similar competitive missiles. Are you kidding? It's like, like he's, it's like, it's like he's literally competing against stuff that costs, like, you know, depending on what it is, one to 3 million, I think we're selling him for 250 can now and still have much better margins than our other guys. And so it's just like, which is why you want to let people not do cost plus 'cause you wanna have 'em re-engineer from scratch, you know what makes the most sense? Wow. Because you charge total cost plus your job is to make as expensive as possible.


'cause you get to keep a piece of that cost, right? But if you don't charge cost plus, then you have this whole better framework. You know, you get, you had kind of mentioned that, you know, Lockheed, Raytheon, Boeing, like these companies are the big guys. You guys are, you know, underneath them. I mean, do you see that flipping? Yeah, I mean there's still some really, really amazing expertise in our military industrial base that's like America's and military industrial base that's important and that exists inside some of these primes. So I won't, I, I wouldn't wanna say there's like, they're not going away and we don't want them to go away. That's actually, as much as the military industrial complex like you talked about is an issue, you have some stuff we need to know how to do to keep America safe and to be the best in the world. And so these companies are going to be important. But in terms of anything really new and innovative, anything that's really hard software, they just don't have the cultures they used to have and they don't have the top people they used to have for most things.


So, so, so it's really important that we have, you know, Silicon Valley just got so far ahead and it's really important we take some of that culture and apply it and you know, when, when I first wrote the check into Andrew and it was 2016, I think I had a bunch of people who we work with and like the bio world say, we're not gonna work with you anymore. If you're doing defense, this is so wrong. Like you're just this evil, why would you do this stuff? Like we, it's just wrong to do. And then a lot of fun just wouldn't even mean it say, you know, so it was like a thing you weren't supposed to do. And, and what's really cool with the vibe shift, that's totally changed. You have a lot of the best people going in. It's popular now, which maybe it's too popular now, but that's, that's another problem, you know, You know, you had mentioned, you had mentioned Facebook kicking him out 'cause of Yeah. 'cause of a billboard.


What do you think about Zuckerberg trying to get in with the conservative crowd? It's pretty interesting to watch the, you know, I mean, well four years ago you kicked the president off your platform. Now you want to buddy up. Yeah, it's, I mean what's, it's, what's going on here? There's, Do you think there's a lot of that going on? Like listen, Zuckerberg Zuckerberg is an interesting case. He's fundamentally himself not super political and he himself, and I'll get a lot of flack for this, but he himself like, has always had an appreciation for some of the liberty side and some of the conservative side, which is shocking given how his company does things. But like, I've sat next to him not that long ago, you know, a wedding or whatever and he's like, you know, he's, he's, he's interested in his, his kids learning about some, some of these ideas.


Like there's a, like the Tuttle twins or whatever, you know, there's like these conservative, you know, libertarian shows and stuff. I think he, I think he's open to different sides. I think the culture inside of Facebook that comes from the universities is so poisonous and so leftist that I think they get away with things sometimes they don't even tell him about. Interesting. So I'm not, I'm not saying he's like a perfect good guy on this. I think he should be way bolder and hold his company accountable to stop censoring conservatives and stop doing the wrong thing. So I think he's maybe a little bit soft, maybe I would say a little bit cowardly sometimes about these things despite being amazing in other areas. But he himself is not really a driver of that. And you know, what happens is a lot of these guys, maybe I'd say he started off moderate, moderate left, but with an appreciation for both sides. And he'll start like a foundation. It's called the Chance Zuckerberg Initiative, CZI.


And what'll happen with these moderate leftists is they don't, they're not good at keeping out like the crazy far left. And so his philanthropy org becomes run by these activists. Oh man. And, and he's busy with his business and, and like they, his wife and him I guess don't want fights or whatever. So you get these crazy activists and they just start doing terrible stuff and they're very good at like sounding maybe to him like, oh, it's a reasonable thing. It's not actually affecting things. But when you saw it actually changed the 2020 election, the way they put that, hundreds of millions of dollars to work, my my guess is he didn't even understand or might not even still understand how much, how much they would screw things up. Which, which, which is not an excuse for him, but it's, I think that's just the reality of how these orgs evolve, you know, with these, with these crazy activists inside of Him.


I yeah, I see what you're saying. So you're, you're basically saying he wasn't necessarily the catalyst, but he, He wasn't the George Soros. He was, he was, he's not, he's not George Soros. He wasn't like doing the crazy bad stuff himself. I think in general, Silicon Valley people who are moderate on the moderate left have been way too tolerant of letting these crazy activists take over their companies, take over their philanthropies and break things. And, And then if we wanna fix our country with this vibe shift, we need these guys to get balls. We need these guys to have a little more boldness, a little more courage, and they need to come out publicly and like excise these parts of their orgs and say, you know what? I was way too tolerant of that. There's 47 people I just fired because they were all found to be doing this crazy stuff. Censoring conservatives, turning things down, screwing with them, shadow, banning him.


We're not gonna let him do that anymore. Like, like that's what he needs to do. And he can still be on the moderate lift if he wants, but you can't freaking tolerate these crazy activists, man. Anyway, that's what I, that's what I would tell him. I haven't cut out with him in a bit. I mean, you're obviously a mayor player, a major player in tech as well. So I mean, how have you, how have you kept that wrought out of your companies? Yeah, you gotta, you got, you gotta be really disciplined how you hire. You gotta be really fast to fire. And by the way, we have, I work with a ton of people who are on the left on the right like that that's, that's, this is not about left versus right. This is about the activists. This is about the crazy kind of woke, like cancel culture of liberal people. And you soon as you see that, that you can't tolerate it.


Do you build culture under your companies? You have to, you have to, you have to have CEOs who, I mean you set the tone by how hard the tops working. You set the tone by the values and principles we talk about, one of the values of a VC is, is patriotism. You know, you, you, you have to, you have to explicitly have these values and, and say this is what we stand for. This is who we are. We're, you know, we're, we're, we're, we're, you know, we're principled optimists, we're patriots, we're, you know, we we're, we're we're, we're, we're gonna fight for the truth. And, you know, you wanna live in a world. I think, I think the vibe shift we've been talking about is like, is like a lot of people are comfortable living with lives safely. And I think it's important that a lot of people come over to live with the truth, even if it's dangerous. That's a great way to put it. That's a great way to put it back to the future of warfare.


I mean, what, what are some things that other countries are getting involved in that concern you? Well, I mean I think the fact that we let China and Russia become such close allies is ridiculous. I think that was a huge strategic mistake. And then I think they're not necessarily natural allies. I think that was something where we drove into each other. So that, that concerns me. I think the biggest concern right now is Turkey. And on top of that, I mean Turkey. Yeah. So, so, so Russia and China obviously the biggest concern. Iran obviously, but Turkey is like the biggest kind of wildcard going out right now. So Turkey, you know, auditor created Turkey as the first really successful secular Muslim country in the modern world. And it was a really big deal. And there's, there's a lot of problems historically with Islamists today with Islamists.


So we built all these institutions into Turkey to stop the Islamists from taking over. 'cause he knew that would always be a threat. And one of the most important institutions was the army to, to, to make sure that Islamists did not run it. And that his job was to fight and stop Islamists if they were gonna take over society. And Erdowan knew this erdowan, we thought a lot of us thought when was a kid, but I thought he was a moderate when he came in 20 years ago. That's how he ran. But he secretly like very strongly on the Islamist side. And so in order to make the Islamists win again in Turkey, you had to take out these organizations in society that had been built to stop Islamists. And so when he did the coup eight years ago, a lot of us believed, a lot of intelligence agencies believed it was purposely tripped off as a coup in order to get all these people to come up and see who's gonna be anti-ISIS Islamists And then wipe them out.


And so what happened in society is he ended up like killing and torturing tens of thousands of people eight years ago when this happened. Anyone who was gonna be against Islamist, anyone who was kind of built in to stop that. And so those people were all eliminated. The people in the army who were against Islamists were all eliminated. So for the first time, all of Auditor Turk's protections are gone. So now you have this like very Islamist leader who's very pro Islamist and he just, he just like with his forces conquered Syria because of what's going on in the Middle East for Islamists. He also now is when wiping out by reportedly huge numbers of Kurds. Like I can go look online. I think a lot more kds have died in the last month than, than people in Gaza have died this entire last year. And you're not hearing protests about it. 'cause I guess 'cause there's no Jews involved, but it's like, it's crazy.


There's killing off the kds. And by the way, a lot of the Kurds were close allies with a lot of my friends in the special forces who, who had to deal with stuff over there. They were our friends. Yeah. And, and, and they don't have a country which I think they should a lot of their territories inside Turkey offices inside of Iraq Lobster inside Syria. And they're the Islam enemy. They the longest don't want these guys to have their own country. And so, so he's wiping a bunch of em out. And I'm very scared what Turkey does next? Turkey has nuclear weapons that, you know, 'cause it's in nato it's, it's a, it's a wild card. Like are they gonna go after and help the Islamists like take out the Jordanian king? I don't know. But there's like lots of really scary things. So I think, I think Iran's on the run. We need to, we need to, we need, you know, finish off the whole story with Iran, but now there's this other Islamist threat there that's a wild card that's we're gonna be dealing with and figuring out. And it's pretty scary to me.


Yeah, I didn't even, that wasn't even on my radar. What about technology? Are you worried about? Is China developing anything that you're aware of that we should be concerned about? Or is Russia have any technology that they overplayed their hand? Maybe, You know, China has a bunch of advanced new technology in all sorts of areas. Whether it's hypersonics, whether it's massive numbers of submarines, whether it's all sorts of, you know, all sorts of new projects they're working on that I'm sure I don't even know about, you know, all sorts of things. They're trying to copy SpaceX think, oh we have SpaceX and they don't, but they're, they're trying to copy it. They can, I know if you see the videos that blows out when they try it, but they're, but they're like, they're gonna get there eventually probably. You know, 'cause I mean Elon's really smart, but it's, I mean we have a really great program, but eventually they catch up And then they do things in space, which scares me.


I mean, I mean if, what am I scared by? I'm scared by the space stuff to tell you the truth. I really hope it's very funny. Everyone's like, don't weaponize space, don't weaponize space, Don. I agree. I don't want there to be wars in space. It would screw up a lot of stuff for the world. At the same time, if someone else weaponized the space and we don't, we're kind of screwed. What, what's going, I have no insight into what's going on in space. So I don't have any clearances around this and so I might piss people off talking about it, but I'm not clear. So I'm just gonna go ahead and tell you a few things. But like, the number one thing I'd say, there's a natural network effect in space where it's very cheap. Like for the cost of one aircraft carrier, you can put up probably 150,000 things up there that you can accurately drop on people within one meter. And so this, and they're much, much cheaper than missiles. And so, so, so you basically, and if someone does that and no one else does it, then like the person who has that at first, you never launch Rocket again.


'cause it's very easy to see if a lot rocket is being launched and you can just take it out. So there's a network effect that really scares me that if there was gonna be a war, whoever conquers and whoever has stuff up there first that's really good. Could probably stop the other guy from getting stuff up there. And then I don't want stuff exploding in space, but like, it's just, it's just such a powerful thing to own for any future battle. Wow. That we need to be thinking about it. I think some people are thinking about it. I'm not sure our budget reflects that. We're thinking about it enough by the way, this is why a lot of us were usually in favor of space force behind the scenes and really glad that President Trump started that as obvious you needed space force. 'cause it's just this, like we're talking about how warfare changes, like the space thing is, is a scary angle. Wow. Is there anything else that you're aware of going on?


I mean, that's, that's fascinating in itself. That's A big, that's a big one. I mean the, the other thing in general is that, that I guess I'm most afraid of is that China has about 200 times our ship building capacity. If you wanna say, and I think you probably talked about this before in World War ii, you get these, like had this cool painting at at, at my house in Montana or ski house of, of these American ships hunting down in German worship and taking it out. But we, we needed multiple ships to do it. 'cause the German battleships were actually better than ours. I think now America battle ships we're not battle ships anymore, but American destroyers, everything else, they're way more advanced than Chinese. But you know, if someone has 200 times your capacity, that's really scary. 'cause eventually I have a bunch of 'em hunt down, right? And so, so the question is, what the heck do we do? We need to get our capacity up.


So my friends and I started this company, we're gonna hopefully build 500 ships in Austin next year, working with a bunch of the Admir rolls. A bunch of the best people in the Navy we're teaching 'em how to use AI to, to have like swarms of these, these weaponized vessels and how they can work together with the fleet. And how we could eventually have thousands of these in any kind of, you know, mission or battle scenario. 'cause 'cause that's really what, what you want. 'cause for the cost of one big ship, by the way, all of our shipyards are delayed. They're all behind. It's pathetic. All run by administrators a terrible relations. So there's this navy's just like way behind and broken. So we need to have an alternate path to help create, you know, thousands of these ships that have turned the bad guys, That space thing blows my mind. I mean, if that, if that, if that happens, we're not up there already.


You know, and, and with that one meter thing, I mean, when you, when you had mentioned, you know, you could stop anything else from coming up there. I mean that's, that right there is, that's global domination. Yeah. But we really don't want there to be war in space because it's, it may be the case that you start just blowing up certain things. They figure out how to get missiles or whatever and to blow up certain things And then, then you have lots of junk up there And then it just, it's just a giant mess. And you know, I think Starling's really good for the world. I don't, hopefully no one destroys this shit. Wow. That's that's fascinating. Let's go into Saric. That's what we were just talking about.


Exactly. It's the, the reason this is so important, man, is that like there's no interfaces right now for controlling one to many that actually work, right? So if you ever play StarCraft or War Warcraft, you are a kid, Right? Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. And so, and so there need, there needs to be like modern AI enabled versions of this. One of my friends is a really impress impressive video game guy who built riot games with League of Legends and stuff. There's tons of really great American talent around there. And, and so part of what we need to be doing is iterating on and practicing on like what interfaces work for these things. 'cause right now if you have like a drone, there's like five guys work, like flying one drone in the Middle East, which is fine for that project. It's not gonna work for a battle with thousands of these ships. If you have a hellscape, it needs to be some ai.


I, I still want people in charge, but then The AI needs to be augmenting them, right. And helping them just same way you're troops were in, in your Warcraft game And you are, you are involved in so many things. How about Andel? Did I pronounce that correctly? Yeah. So Andre's the one that Palmer lucky who got kicked out of Facebook and my three paler, you know Right. Three pounder colleagues started and it's, and it's, it's doing the Road runner we talked about, oh, it's doing a bunch of other great stuff. It's a really important company. What do you think about Neuralink? I think it's cool. I think, you know, you know what actually is really neat? There's a bunch of the talent for neural links moved to Austin where we are because, you know, a lot of this tech challenges and people have shifted outta California. And so that, so a lot of the head people are there and you know, it's, it's, it's, they're making amazing progress.


It's, there's probably all sorts of things you can do with Neuralink eventually with like, you know, people who are paralyzed fix that with back pain with, I mean it's a little bit scary if you really get a high bandwidth into your brain, maybe see what's going on. I don't know. 'cause I'm not sure I want to know everything about that, you know? I mean, does that worry you at all? Well, I would say I trust Elon, the people working on it, but in general, having companies have access directly into the brains of huge numbers of people. If it spreads to be a thing that lots of people are touching, that is a little bit of a scary kind of concept. If you can kind of, you know, overall it's like really positive, right? Overall for the near term, a hundred percent. Like, are these guys, I can even imagine I'm claustrophobic.


I don't know about you, I don't like being stuck in a small space. Imagine if you're paralyzed and just all you do is blink your eyes. Yeah. And there's guys who are literally getting this thing and suddenly they're able to effectively like, you know, communicate, play games, like do all these things that otherwise, otherwise they were trapped in their head. I mean, this is like, it's like a God's gift for, for a huge number of people. So it's like, so it's like, is it a good thing. A hundred percent. It's a good thing. But sure, if we're gonna speculate 30 years from now where society can go, if we're all plugged into our brains, there's, there's, we gotta make sure that crazy things don't happen, obviously. Yeah. You know, I've, I've read something a couple weeks ago saying that it's helping blind people potentially see A hundred percent. There's all sorts of these amazing things you could do with this. So I think for people who have issues who are injured, and it may even be, like Elon said, at some point for a really bad back pain or something, you could just adjust it and stuff.


So there's lots of really, really, I, I think we're going towards a golden age. It's really positive. I think whenever there's these positive things, there's always some negative possibilities. And it doesn't mean we should stop doing the positive things, but we should just keep those in mind and do our best to make sure we avoid 'em. Yeah, yeah. Let's move into, let's move into fighting for Western civilization and your efforts to combat basically wokeness. Yeah. When did you start doing that? You know, even at the Stanford reviews, there's a version of that that was going on there. It wasn't called wokeness back then. It was, it was like, it was political correctness, run out, run amok, run outta control.


And, you know, and, and it wasn't as extreme back then. There were, there were bad things. There were dumb things, but it was always like, it was always like, there's just generally you can kind of assume there's gonna be common sense in charge and things weren't that broken. And, and, and I noticed things really started to get crazy, maybe 20 14, 20 15. It's, it's like, it's like just, it's like something in society snapped and all of a sudden you just had all these like, irrational activists and it wasn't about truth or what was right anymore. And it was just like everyone had a virtue signal and go along. And if you're, if you're not virtue signaling and going along, you're a bad person for saying anything else. I, and I remember it started getting crazier and crazier. There were these like Black Lives Matter groups, which were clearly, like, they'd be on TV saying, we're Marxists trained, we're Marxists.


And then my friends who were not Marxists would be like giving them money. And like, guys, these are Marxists, like, they believe in like creating division. That's like part of what you study as a Marxist is how to divide society and how to break things. They, they, they, they hate you as someone who's building things and creating things. They want to take it and give it to everyone else. And they're like, yeah Joe, but this is like the thing to do right now. We wanna be helpful. And I was just like, I've always argue was drove me crazy. Like, why are you giving these people money? This is insane. And it, and it's, it's, and I had like, That was literally their answer. This is, this is the thing to do right now. This is the thing to do right now to promote racial justice and we're just trying to like be like good citizens to show that we care about black people. And it, it was, it was, I just, and by the way, like, what the Fuck is that?


I mean, if you wanna steal man, something like, there have been things in our country from like 80 years ago, 60 years ago that were particularly egregious that that should piss everyone off. Right? Like if, like you look at like, I mean all these, just all these like, like, like, you know, in World War, just as, just an example in World War ii, like they didn't this like, you know, secretary Knox didn't want any black people fighting in the Navy and was kind of a dick about it. And there were even some of these heroes like, I dunno if you know, like Dory Miller in like 1941 and Pearl Harbor Ships gets attacked. He goes, he goes and he saves a bunch of these people carrying 'em out. Then he's like, he's like, not even, he's never not even trained. He runs up to the anti-aircraft gun and he shoots down for the Japanese zeros and just like a total badass. And and they still treated him like shit because he was an African American at a time when people were being treated like shit.


So I think, I think there's like this generation that's like traumatized correctly from like how horrible we were. And I think that's still in this psyche. So, so, so that's like the steel man. Okay. There is something there we should be like remembering and, and, and, and pissed off about. But then, but then like the answer is not to do things that divide us further and to spread Marxism. And so it, it, it was a very weird, it was very cowardly 'cause everyone kind of knew, yeah, this is kind of wrong, doesn't really makes fully sense, but I don't wanna think about it. I just want to go along 'cause I don't wanna have trouble in my life. And, and so this is swept through our country and When I think of Black Lives Matter, I think of burning towns down. Yeah. It's just, just like this anger.


It's just this like, just anger expressed aggressively and righteously and, and and, and, and it, and it was people fanning the flames of that anger and that divisiveness and you know, it's really sad 'cause I feel like in the 1990s we'd got to like a really good place in our society where, where like, you know, it was, it'd become like much less racist. Everyone of all backgrounds was much more optimistic in how we're gonna work and live together. And I feel like there were frankly these race grifters who like just like reignited a lot of stuff and, and caused a lot of trouble like that. That's, that's the perspective from my perspective is, is that, and, and, and you know, And then woke stuff's not just about race, by the way though the woke stuff's about is about just general illiberal energy and in general kind of like, it's not about truth.


It's about conquering things for the far left and demonizing anyone who stands in their way. And it is just a very, it is a very, very scary time in our society the last decade. And you know, a lot of our universities have basically been been conquered by these forces, by these neo-Marxist. It's all like, if you stand up and you speak out against anything that's part of their omni cause they do their best to crush you. And, and, and, and if you're, if you're, if you're a professor in a history department, in sociology department, in an anthropology department, like you do not allow any professor to join who doesn't agree with your kind of woke view of the Omni cause and your m Marxist view. And so for, for quite a long time now, we've not been graduating professors who even understand, you know, the history from the other perspective.


And you know, John Stewart male, one of the great kind of like, like, like liberal theorists. Liberal in a kind of, in a pro liberty sense, in a classical liberal sense. You know, he, one of my favorite things he he would say is that, you know, if you don't, if you don't understand the argument, other argument, you don't understand yours very well either. And this is the case now in most of our society in the, in these institutions is they don't actually deeply understand the other side. 'cause they've demonized it and they've kicked it out and it's, and it's very dangerous. How are you combating this stuff? There's a lot of different ways. One way is is as, as a leader to role model speaking out and role model that role model courage, the classical virtues are really powerful against this stuff. And the more, the more one person shows courage, a few more people show courage. And, and it snowballs.


And, and once, once people are showing courage, they can't get us anymore. You know, they, they need us to be afraid. Another thing, we gotta create new media, right? You know, investor in Barry Weiss's free press. I think that's really important what she's doing there. I'm, I'm investor my friend is something called Arena Magazine. We're trying to build more of these media sources. What is the magazine arena? A-R-E-N-A Max Reno magazine. Yeah. Which is where the new which we're creating, we're creating new, we're creating new, you know, so basically what happened is like there used to be all these things in technology world like wired and Scientific American and Tech Crunch. And they're all conquered by the crazy woke people who hate markets hate America. And so I don't want my entrepreneurs going to talk to this tech crunch thing when it just constantly is attacking us and lying about us.


Like let's talk to something else, right? So let's build new media. So there's things like arena we're pushing, we're growing that quickly. And then I think, you know, the University of Austin is based on this as well. So, you know, my friends Barry Weiss and Neil Ferguson, Neil's probably the greatest living historian, taught at Oxford and Harvard. Really, really bright guy. And Barry Weiss runs the free press. You know, we thought listen, there needs to be at least one top university in the country that's not conquered by these goddamn Marxists. Man, that's, I mean when did the University of Boston starred? Our first class actually just started, took us three years to, to launch it, which is was pretty fast. 'cause there's lots of barriers, thousands of pages of regulation. The new universities don't want competitions. They're try to block you out. The creditors try to block you out. But you know, in this case we found one that's pretty good and we have, we have, we got 92 students in the first class.


A lot of these kids turn down the very top schools to be there. No kidding. The idea is pursuit of truth. The idea is, you know, it's a, it's a, it's a patriotic institution, but we have people who think on both sides. This is not, this is not like a coor institution. Like, and I wouldn't want it to be, that'd be a failure. 'cause you need to understand both sides, right? But it's an institution that really is gonna engage with the last thousand years of great ideas and the great debates that kind of built Western civilization. If you look at Western civilization, for me there's three great traditions. You have to understand, you have to understand the classical virtues and you know, and the classical world of Roman and Greece and all the wisdom that comes from that. That's like, that's a core base of who we are. Amazing stuff. And you have to understand, I think Jude of Christianity, I think, I think you have to understand like what, what the wisdom came from that like, that like gave us, that gave us modern Europe and really the, the dignity of the individual, right?


So I think if you only have, if you only have this iris aristocratic like uber manche kind of classical view, then I think human life becomes very cheap. And that's very dangerous because I think Christianity has like, has a lot of wisdom in the fact that there's like a radical dignity to every human life. And so you have that base And then on top of those two traditions you have the scientific enlightenment and the philosophical enlightenment, which you know, really started in the 17th, 18th centuries that kind of gave us this understanding of the modern world with, with Adam Smith and the Wealth of Nations and how trade works with scientific revolution with, you know, that kind of led to the industrial revolution that led to what we have today. So we have these like really important three traditions and if you wanna be a top leader in society and you wanna be an educated leader in society, I think, I think our schools should be, should be teaching those traditions to these people.


We should be engaging them debating about them and applying them to today. And if we're not doing that with our leaders, by the way that that is what our leaders had, who created our country, our founders of this country, they understood deeply and were well read in all of those traditions. And they had a lot of wisdom that they used to craft our constitution. We're really lucky to have that. There's this amazing thing based on all that wisdom. And if we don't apply that today to our modern problems, instead we kind of go off in these kind of woke nonsense instructions. Like, we're gonna break our civilization. So let's have leaders who are courageous and who, who know these things. You know Man, man. So 92 students is the first Class we're gonna try to do more than a hundred next class. You know, it's very funny. You're not allowed to be officially accredited fully until you've graduated the class.


So all the interesting, it's all the trolls like, oh the under credited university. It's like, yeah, that's the rule, but we're doing our best man. How, how big do you think it will get, You know, Stanford and Harvard to have like 1600, 1900 kids? I'd love to scale that over 20 years. It takes a while to get there. You don't want to, you don't wanna go too fast 'cause you want to have like really top experiences for the students. You really wanna, and there's gonna be things that aren't perfect. There's gonna be parts that are amazing that they love and there's gonna be parts that we gotta keep building, keep improving. I wanna launch a master's degree in a couple years on, I wanna compete with Stanford, Harvard Business School and how it be like an innovation master's degree where if you wanna be part of the innovation world and you wanna like work with like the people who have built the top companies, come here and we'll teach you how to be part of our innovation world And then you can kind of bring you as a leader there.


And we want people, obviously there's a tech and stem side, but again you want to train leaders how to think about our civilization and how to be kind of fighters for America who are Flo, you know, we call 'em philosopher builders. We want, we need more philosopher builders, you know, people like Elon who are gonna fight for our civilization as well as build. Wow. How many applicants do you guys have? We got you. We, we, we got, we we got several hundred applicants. It's interesting, the common app is where most applicants come through for most universities now. We're not allowed on the common app until we're accredited. So our number of applications, even though it was, even though it was several hundred the first class, I think it would've been a lot higher, but kids couldn't check it off on that. So, but we're still getting a lot of great people trying to come. How are you vetting the professors? So Neil Ferguson himself is a really great professor. And then we have like, we have a set of amazing people are, we have a bunch of really, really top dean who are, who are their, their job is help recruit the new professors and getting some pretty famous names applying right now and coming in.


So hopefully we'll announce some really great, great new people. But yeah, we have a really great set of about 25 really top professors that I'm, yeah, it's really fun for me. I actually get to go learn from these guys too. So it's, it's, it's a good set of people. Are you Spending a lot of time there? Yeah, I'm the chairman of the board and trying to design this new master's degree, trying to make sure we create opportunities for the students and giving scholarships for really top students to come. Right, right now all the students are on scholarship. We get extra, even give, I even give extra scholarships for like really, really top students to turn down, you know, the very best places to come and just trying to make sure it's a great experience for 'em. Wow, wow. Any scholarship? What's that? Any scholarships? Yeah, so, so, so so basically everyone, everyone there gets gets to get their tuition covered right now, which is, which is great.


So we're saying and we're giving scholarships beyond that too for great people. I mean it seems like you guys are getting a pro, a lot of interest in there I saw was on 60 Minutes. Is anybody or any what? I mean, What is the media saying? It sounds like there's a lot of trolls. 60 minutes, you guys been a lot of 60, 60 minutes was surprisingly positive. I really appreciated that they came and they looked at it and they, and they think they gave it a fear of treatment, which was, which was great. Listen, when we launched everyone attacked and mocked us. These, these other universities, they don't want competition. They don't want something else there. But we're getting a lot of positive news from a lot of people. I think we have, we have several thousand donors now. I think we have dozens of donors who've given over a million dollars each. So, so a lot of good supporters who have come outta the woodwork and a bunch more really helping us. It's, it's, it's a movement who's time has come like we need in America it's what you do.


If things are broken, if things aren't doing what they can, you know, you get together, you build something new and it teaches everyone else. And so right now you have dozens of other universities that are referring to us on their boards that are saying, why don't we do this? Why don't we do that? Why don't we take these ideas? Which, which is great. That's the whole point is let's let's bring everything back in the same direction, you know? Man, I love it. I love it. Let's move into the, the Cicero Institute. Yeah. What is it? Cicero Institute is our policy group. So basically what we do is we, we work in states, not in DC for the most part. It turns out there's 50 states in our country and our founders, our founders intended stuff to happen at the states. Like this is, it is called the United States. This is an alliance of states.


So that's, that's the, that's supposed to be where most of government actually happens the most in our country. Like obviously we have federal, state and local, but states are supposed to be now federal gotten too big. So it does too much right now. But states still have a lot of power and they're really important. And we've seen obviously people moving between states a lot 'cause some states are doing the right things, some states are doing the wrong things. And so there's a lot of different ideas for how to, how to make things work better. You can test and prove outta the state level. And what we tend to do, so we like to fix broken systems, we like to fix things that governments usually by mistake, broken or special interest is broken. So, so for example, I'll give you one I like is vocational education. Vocational education was a lot more prominent in the US in the sixties and seventies and a lot of people said, nah, let's let's send them to college instead, it's racist not to have everyone go to college.


It's, it is bad not to have all poor people go to college. And it turns out a lot of people went to college, they get these studies degrees that, you know, they don't come out with any real skills or any real jobs. I don't think everyone should be going to college necessarily. I think they should be doing what they should to get a great job. And, and so, and a lot of people agree with me. So we fund these vocational education schools are starting to come back up. The problem is what if it's a badly run vocational education school? What do you do? How do you decide to fix it? So for example, in Texas there's 27 high-end technical vocational schools teaching it to be like a high-end manufacturing job. Like really good jobs coming outta these if you do it right. But they weren't working that they weren't nearly as well as they could. And so what we did in Texas is you said Texas said we're gonna fund these schools based on the average salary coming out.


So we're gonna tell each of these schools, you better figure out how to get your students succeeding and if you do, you're gonna get more money. If you don't, you're gonna get less money. And you know what happened is the school started saying, okay, what skills do we have to teach? What businesses do we partner with? How do we figure this out? Wow, salaries doubled coming outta these schools. No kidding. And and so, so that's the example of where you could take a law. So we draft the law, we kind of go to the legislature, find the sponsors, go to the governor's administration, convince them it's right. We help write op-eds along with the people in the legislature and, and we have to hire lawyers to draft the appropriate law for that state. You get all the like stakeholders involved. You say, here's, here's who's not gonna like it, these special interests aren't gonna like, but here's why they're wrong. You kind of prepare 'em ahead of time.


We have this 20 step process and, and you, and you and you partner with all these people in the state and you get the law passed and, And then, And then it fixes the problem. How fast is this spreading? So it takes usually, usually it's two or three years to get a law done. And we've been doing it for eight years and we got dozens of laws passed in 17 states last year. We have teams in 20 states now. And what you'll do is you'll hire someone who used to like, you know, know be the lieutenant governor or the speaker of the house or whatever and they're lobbyists but it's the coolest type of lobbyist relationship because lobbyists are usually sick of having to help businesses try to ask for things for themselves. And these guys charge us way less than anyone else 'cause they get to work on something they agree with. And so, so you'll hire these guys, they're like, yeah, this is really cool. They get to work with this with you. And they, and they'll work and because every state's different, every state has different, you know, ways behind the scenes of getting things done.


And so you just, you just have to, you have to do it and push it through. But rather than play the lobbying game for the bad guys, it's playing it for the good guys, which is a lot of fun. Are you guys in Tennessee? We do. We do have teams in Tennessee. Governor Billy has been a great guy to work with. And he has been. He has been. He has been amazing. He, he's a, he's a strong, he's a strong governor. A lot of pro freedom things here. There's a, there's I think a bunch of stuff we're working on for next time. I apologize, I should have checked the notes for exactly what we're doing here. It's All good. Yeah. All good. I just love that you guys are operating in Here. You got a strong, you got, you got, you got a strong set of leaders here. You gotta you gotta, I think that all three hou houses that destitute the congress, both sides of congress and the, and the governor are, are, are red. And so, and there's a lot of bold things I think we can get done here.


Amazing. What other states are you guys in? Do You know? We do a lot in Florida. We do a lot in Texas, of course where I am now, you know, Missouri, you know a lot of stuff in Georgia. There's, there's all sorts of places we're, we're all over the country. Arizona was a big place for us. It's harder now with the current governor, but, but even, even sometimes with moderate Democrats we get along. I'll tell you what happens. Most of the time when our laws passed, we get people from both parties voting for 'em And then moderate Democrats level a lot of our stuff too. 'cause it's like we're helping fix things with incentives, right? And accountability. The far left hates us 'cause the far left's tied to those government unions I was talking about. They don't want anything to be held accountable. They don't want spend to be tied to metrics because then they can't capture the spend for their, for their corrupt groups.


And so the far left tends to be like really against us. And and so therefore when you have a, the left administration, usually they can't get through the far left. But, but but, but we're still getting a lot done in purple and in red states. What about homelessness? That's a big one for us. So we've passed a bunch of laws in a bunch of areas there. So I come from San Francisco, remember originally nearby area and San Francisco is just totally screwed because of homelessness. And what happens is you get these special interests, the NGOs and these guys lobby for money. And then e even 20 years ago people were like, wait, we're giving you all this money, how about we like tie the money to results or to outcomes or to goals together? And they're like, no, no, no, you can't do that. And they scream and yell and they, and and they're so powerful 'cause once they have lost money they become the biggest donors.


And so all the politicians don't wanna piss 'em off so they don't hold 'em accountable. And when, when you look at it, these NGOs, they started giving free houses to a lot of their, their friends, the people in their groups. 'cause there's like, there's houses they're giving out. Of course you started like actually having incentive to bring more homeless there with like super generous stuff. You started giving like free drugs, all these people. 'cause that's what the homeless people want. It makes 'em come. It's just, it's just a total mess. I, I'll I'll tell you the worst, I think the worst part of it is the vulnerability index for homes. Have you heard of this before? No. So if you talk to the people on the very far left, they're not really big on incentives and some of 'em are well-meaning of course. And so they say, well we want to give homes to people who need homes. It sounds like a nice thing. But of course there's an infinite line in America for homes because everyone wants a free home.


It's okay we have to prioritize people who are more vulnerable. So how do you prioritize them? This is something that came from both HUD and a bunch of these blue cities. So he said you get more points towards a free home if you're on drugs. You get more points if you're on drugs. If you're on drugs, you get more points if you're not in a recovery program. 'cause you really need it better more if you're not in a recovery program. You get more points if you commit a crime, you get more points towards a violent crime. More points if your kids are truant. So basically there's all these points you get for bad things and they say, well these people deserve a home 'cause they're going through all these bad things. I'm like, no, no, no. If you give 'em points for bad things, you're creating an incentive. So you look at our cities and say why are they so effed up is you literally have insane amounts of money being given out based on points for bad things. And so we like followed up homeless guy around in a bunch of homeless people around Austin tried to be helpful and we map it out and like one of 'em goes in the first time he goes in he says, you know, I'm trying to look for job training.


What do I do to get outta my situation? And this like young blue-haired progressive woman says, no, no sir, you deserve a home. And I'm not sure we're gonna have enough from right away 'cause Republicans aren't funding us enough, but you deserve a home sign this, here's how you get your tent. He's like, oh, I was gonna stay with my cousin. And she said, don't tell me that it's better if you have a tent, you're gonna get home sooner. So he gives him the tent to go set it up in the city and he comes back two months later and he doesn't quite qualify for a home. And he says, but you know, I heard that if I was on drugs I'd be more likely to have a home by now. And she said, yeah, that's technically true, but we don't like to think of it that way. You believe that this is enraging, this this pisses. Yeah, exactly. Why do you think I'd get so involved in policy? It pisses me off. It's crazy. Wow. It's breaking our country.


And so we passed a bunch of laws in Georgia and Florida and a couple of our places, you know, where we're, where we're actually like just completely fixing the incentives, completely getting rid of this nonsense. Red states still need to hold these NGOs accountable. There's, there's these really sketchy NGOs and you know, probably shouldn't be illegal to run one of them in the red state. But the very least, if you get any money from government, you should have to be way more transparent on your outcomes. Way more transparent on, on everything you're doing. Because, because a lot of these things are just actually a lobbying groups for these extremes. Do you think any blue states will start to adopt this? I think, I think, I think so. I think it's, and and this is, this is one of those things is you have to first do it somewhere and prove it works And then it becomes like, And then it becomes clear that the moderates are gonna do it in the blue state to fix it as well.


So I, I think that is the fight. I have a lot of friends who are moderate Democrats in SF and they're fighting hard against the far left. That's the battle. It's the moderates against the far left. And I think the moderates are gonna win and they're gonna start putting in these accountability, putting in these incentives, defunding the stuff that's corrupt. That that's what we have to do to fix our cities. So I I'm, I'm bullish it's gonna happen. It's, it's a really tough battle 'cause there's just, there's so much money for these extremists in our country right now. Like in California there's over 2 million people working for the government. They all have to give a piece of their paycheck to the government unions who then, who then are part of funding this whole complex. So it's just, there's a lot of, there's a lot of corruption in our country and there's a lot of money going towards the wrong things. But you know what I, I think, like I said, there's a vibe shift. It's a vibe shift away from the bureaucracy, away from the cowards, away from the away from the people who are acting based on guilt and you know, and it's going towards greatness, going towards courage, going towards kinda like a, a positive ambition.


So I think we're going the right way. That's amazing. That's amazing to hear. I also see you're involved in trying to fix the prison and parole systems. Yeah. You Know, that's, and that's really similar in some ways, the vocational thing we talked about. Obviously there are different systems, but think about it. If you, if you're running a probation system, if you're running a prison system, whether or not you're on the right or a left, like there's certain things we want to have happen. Like we don't want people to have to go back to prison, but we want people to succeed and not commit a crime, right? And we don't want, if someone's gonna come outta prison, you want 'em to have a job, right? You wanna be employed. So, so what do you do? You want to create incentives in the system for the people running it to hit certain goals, to have more people come out and be employed. And it, it turns out there's lots of programs that work to make people more likely to be employed.


And there's lots of programs that don't. And in fact right now, most of our prisons, they're terrible cultures. The guards hate the prisoners, the prisoners hate the guards. It's, it's, it's run badly. There's exceptions to this, but there's, most of 'em run really badly and there's bad leadership. And I mean, you, you can't automatically create good leadership, but you can't replace bad leadership. You can incentivize good leadership. None of our states do this pretty much right now. So it's just stuff like that that we're trying to work with the governors and work with the legislators and like, let's just make these systems work better for society. You know, Am I missing anything with this? What else are you working on? That's a Lot. I know. That's fun man. I mean, how do you, you're involved in so many things.


You got five kids, you're married, I mean, how do you manage with the tech companies, everything of the University of Austin, everything that you're involved in? How do you, Well you have to have really great people around you who are in charge of each of the organizations. Somehow Elon stays as CEOI don't know. He's, I think he's an alien. He's great, he's a genius. But like for me, I can't be in charge of all these things at once, nor would I be as good at it if I was trying to do all, no, it doesn't make any sense. So like, so you get someone who's better than you at it and, and you and I work as usually a chairman with them or as a co-founder with them and, and we partner together and, And then the more you can surround yourself with attracting more and more great people who come and wanna work with you, who are inspired by stuff you're doing and wanna be part of it, the more advantage you have.


So it, it does kinda like be snowball the advantage. Like just keep trying to find and get really great people. And we don't always get things right. Lots of our things screw up. There's lots of mistakes. You gotta iterate. You know, it's not like we're, we're not infallible. We're making mistakes all the time, but you just gotta do your best to push in the right direction. Do you wanna talk about any of those mistakes? Anything big that you've learned from or Oh goodness, there's it everywhere. I mean there's just a general thing for me. You asked like how I do it all at once. I think when I was younger I thought I could be in charge of a lot of things at once. And if you're in charge of too much at once, then a lot of it starts to break at once And then you're really screwed, right? So like my new role right now is I'm only responsible for the failure of one thing at a time. I'm gonna take that advice. It's, it's important 'cause especially once you start to have your success, it's happened to all my friends who've been really successful is then all of a sudden you try to do a lot at once 'cause you're like, I can do that thing, I can do these five things.


And it turns out no, actually now you're totally screwed. So you really want to have other people who are each responsible for, for whatever's going on. You wanna have teams that are great, that are, that are responsible by the way. They have to own a piece of it too. This is why nonprofits are really hard for me. 'cause I do, I do a lot more for-profits 'cause I'm for-profit. The people there, they own a big piece of it. They're going to sleep thinking about it, they're waking up thinking about it. And that equity works really, really well. Just like, you give people real upside in things And then they own 'em. How do you recruit 'em? I'm just, I'm curious because I'm trying to build my company out and I have no business since. So we, Well we have a pretty big talent network. We spend a lot of time on this. We have teams at about, not teams, but we have like fellows and you know, people we, we nurture and take relationships with at about 20 different universities.


We have people on our team. We spend a lot of time figuring out where is the top talent right now. Making sure we're helpful to them, make sure we get to know them, be in the right circles and, you know, but it's, I'm still figuring it out. It's one of the reasons I wanna, I'm happy to be on here. Maybe, maybe some smart person will hear, will hear about it and they wanna come work with us, you know? Right On man. Right on. What do you, do you have anything particular one of your ventures that you're the most excited about? You know, I think some of the, I mean obviously defense stuff's really exciting. I think some of the bio stuff for me is really important. 'cause it's, it's, it's cool 'cause it's saving lives. It's like, it is like, it's like defense does save lives too, but there's almost nothing that doesn't, that feels more pure than when you build like a, like a therapeutic company that's actually treating and saving lives or where you invest in one of these things. So there's a bunch of that stuff that's really working well right now.


Like for example, I'll just give you an example. You two, one example is this company Orca bio as amazing founders. We backed relatively early on and they're able to sort cells one by one using semiconductor technology. It came out a Stanford lab. And, and it turns out this is really useful for cell therapies. And so cell therapies, there's been a, there's been like a trillion dollars invested in cell therapies. They're amazing. So what they are is, it used to be that all the, all the PhRMA guys were chemists and they would do things with molecules and all the drugs were molecules. And then with Genentech and others in the 1980s, you had what's called biologics. And so instead of using a molecule to treat you, you'd use like a peptide or an antibody, something that came from your, from a body right to treat you. And that was a really powerful way to cure a lot more things.


And now instead of just using that, you're using like a whole cell to treat someone. So like if this is a peptide, like the whole building is a, is is a cell, right? It's a much more complicated thing that we, and just in the last 10 years learn how to program them and use them. So all this is going on, but the simplest form of cell therapy, it's been around forever. For example, it's called a bone marrow transplant. So if someone has late stage blood cancer, they're gonna die pretty much for sure in six months. What you do is you can give 'em a bone marrow transplant, reboot the immune system, good chance it cures the cancer. Now, unfortunately, it's like playing Russian roulette, you'll die 15, 20% of the time with a bone marrow transplant, right? 'cause it, because it, it could be rejected, could, could kill you. So you'll only do it if someone's about to die anyway of cancer. And then maybe it saves them. Now it turns out with this new cell therapy sorting thing these guys are doing, they're able to make it so the rejection rate's almost nothing.


And so as opposed to 15 to 20%, there's very, very few rejections. Even those were not, were not fatal. And so, so here's what's really cool about this. Not only is that gonna save, you know, thousands more lives per year of people who have these blood cancers, it turns out that when you reboot someone's immune system, it seems to cure autoimmune diseases. So autoimmune diseases are like Crohn's or multiple sclerosis. You may have heard of, we lost my aunt unfortunately, to multiple sclerosis. We're starting a phase one now with the FDA where we think we may have a, potentially have a cure for multiple sclerosis. So there's, there's stuff like this happening right now with, with bio. That's really exciting, Man, that's incredible. It's fun Stuff, right? There's like the breakthroughs coming out of our top universities with the latest technology. It's just, it's just really inspiring. I feel like we're going towards a really positive direction for our society if we can, if we can keep things functional, you know?


Wow, man, congratulations. Thanks. You're doing just phenomenal things. Not only for the country, but for the world. And, and well I'm honored to be part of this stuff that all these other amazing people are doing too, that I get to invest in and get to back and try to help. 'cause our man, we, we live in an awesome civilization. There's so many smart people doing so many great things here and we should be more positive about that. You know, I'm, I am I'm just honored to have you here and, and I'm so thankful that we met. That's, you're an amazing human being. Who are three people you'd like to see on this show? Oh, at some point you gotta get Elon on. Of course. He's the, he's the, he's the, he's the king of the moment.


You know, probably my, my my other two most important mentors, Clara Peter Tale and Alice Car. I'd say those are the guys I learned the most from in my youth. And they're, they're both extraordinary individuals. Alex, my co-founder, a Palantir, as was Peter and, and Peter obviously was co-founder of PayPal and was kind of one of the intellectual leaders that I think, I think even though Peter was not involved in this election, he, a lot of the things he created kind of led to this stuff happening. I mean, he see's someone I really admire. Well, maybe you can put a word in for us. I'll let him know. But Joe, it was seriously, it was an honor to have you here and I hope to see you again. I really do. Thank you, son, But thank you.


Named one of the best personal finance podcasts, The Stacking Benjamin Show with Joe and his friends, makes financial literacy fun. Dream on Green, has a podcast. He was asking Mark Cuban why at the beginning of 2024, Cuban sold a huge part of his company. He's like, did you see how much money I got? I'm sure there's a more graceful answer than that, but dude, I bought it for 200 million and sold it for 6 billion. Like, what the heck? I don't think it was that much more graceful than that. Find out more by searching the Stacking Benjamin's podcast wherever you listen.