
Kris Paronto, welcome to the show, man. There's long time coming. I would already said it, but thanks for you and you're so tolerant, man. That was so cool that you was willing to wait and then just, Hey, I'm gonna be in town and I hope you didn't have to bump anybody if you did. Sorry guys. But just you're, you've always been a standup guy with me, David. Thank you. I appreciate that. It was really cool. Yeah, thanks bud. Oh, my pleasure. I'm just happy you're here at night and extremely patient. So There aren't many standup guys in, in there in the world and even coming out of our community anymore in this public figure world. So it's nice to still find a few out there like yourself. Well, thank you. I try to be, but I'm not always a standup guy, that's why.


Oh, I'm sure you are. Talk to my wife, man. I need to bring you home. Talk to my wife about how nice and reasonable I am. 'cause I don't get that respect at home, man. Well, Chris, I wanna do a life story on you. Yeah. You know, and obviously talk a lot about Benghazi and what you're doing now, but we're gonna cover the full spectrum here. Okay. And so everybody starts off with an introduction. Chris, are you gonna read? Don't make me feel like a pretentious asshole. Oh No, you're good. Everybody gets one. Chris Ferranto, former Army Ranger, second Battalion, 75th Regiment.


You responded to the Benghazi 2012 attack. You're the author of The Ranger Way and the Patriots Creed co-author of 13 Hours. The Inside Account of What Really Happened in Benghazi, you're motivational and public speaker and the co-host on Battle Line podcast. Yeah, Yeah. You're the founder of the 14th Hour F Foundation, owner of Battle Line Tactical and co-owner of Tonto Vodka. Yeah. You're the host of a pro-military documentary series. War Heroes. You co-founded E three Firearms Association and you're the father, you're a father, husband, and a Christian.


That's the most important there at the bottom. That, that's right. You, you could have cut out everything else and just read that at the bottom and I would've been perfectly happy by That. Right there. Just tells everybody what a great man you are. I appreciate it. Thank you. And thanks man. Thanks. This is cool. You say. I appreciate it. You're welcome. What is the E three Firearms Association? Well, You know, and we, it's, it's so difficult. I don't know if You know Adam Paint shot Adam. It was a Sig firearms truck. He started SIG Academy. Okay. State trooper in New Hampshire. It is a training website. It has been so difficult though, to get that thing off the ground. It, it was just running the roadblock after roadblock because of Google.


'cause I, Hey, and if you don't think there's state run media and state run, state run internet web, there is, if you have to be dumber in a bag of hammers to not see that out there. But it, it's, it's, we've tried to get it going. There's a lot of training materials on there. Videos out there. And You know, you get sponsorships to come to battle line tackle courses. If you're a member, you come to my courses for free. Oh wow. You know, I mean it's just, it's a, it's a So is it an online training platform? It's an online training platform, but it's a paid online training. How many, how many lessons are on there? Oh man. I know. Just hipp pocket training stuff where I'll just jump on and do a 10 minute video. We've gotta have 50 or 60 videos on. Oh, right on.


And Adam's a wonderful, wonderful instructor. He is. I am the loosey goosey, Hey man, let's just go out and shoot. I'm gonna give you some lessons. Adam is, which is, which is great. It's a great dynamic because he, you, you do, there are people that respond to that kind of training better. The buy the book lesson by where some guys respond to just tell me what I need to do. This is what you need to do. But, You know, it, it's, it's been, we've, we've had it going for a few years now and it's just always imp trying to improve the website, get that flowing. It's E three does it, and it's a whole association. So it's not just farms. There's camping, it's outdoor. Oh wow.


Camping, aviation. John Rain Waters runs the aviation side of it, You know, RVing off-roading. And I sell, I, so I tell the E three owner, his name's Brian. Brian, Brian Johnson. I tell him, yeah. Farms is like the redhead stepchild of E three three because all those are cruising. And ours is just, it's, it's been very difficult. And I, and I get it too. 'cause You know, it's a paid website where there's a lot of YouTube sensations out there that are showing training, and you can get that for free. Yeah. So it is, and it, it's, it, I I won't do the, the free video stuff. And, and the reason being, it's not a money thing. It really is.


You, you really don't have any control of who those videos are going to. And where do I get that from? Well, I, I, I spoke at an FBI Academy, a conference, which had a lot of law enforcement officers, a lot of former FBI trainers, and I sat down with them and they're great guys. You know, of course it's not all formal functions. I'm with a bunch of cops, man. So of course we're gonna go to the bar a little bit and, and enjoy, enjoy, have some food. And, but I, I remember coming back and I sat with one of the officers and he goes, you know, you've had Don ship Leon. I know. He goes, You know, I, I watched John's videos, but now it's starting to bother me a lot of these videos out there. 'cause they're teaching all these tactics and they don't know. They have no control of who's getting 'em.


And the Dallas police off Dallas Chief of Police came in and they had that tactical shooting where some officers died. And he was one of the speakers at that event as well. And it kind of hit home to me. I was like, man, he's exactly right. We're putting all these videos and, and God bless him. I have nothing wrong to say about Don. I don't know Don, we've never met. I support what he does. I think, You know, he's a, from what I've seen, he looks like he's a standup guy. And I'm, I'm just throwing that as an example because that's what the law enforcement officer said. The police, the, he was from Philadelphia. He's like, we just, You know, we're, we're really, we're really getting not upset, but he says, we're really worried that the bad guys are starting to watch these videos out there.


Well, I mean, there's a caveat to that too. You know, I mean, what the fuck are people supposed to do? We've defunded the police. I know the border is wide open. Yeah. They are actively sending $87 million a week to the tower to, And that did, that's Sorry man. You know what I mean? But people have to be able to defend themselves and that's where they go to do it. And they go and it, and so, And that stuff's out there no matter what. And that's where it's just, it's, it's where I can at least have some control though. And You know what I mean? I mean, people are, I a hundred percent get your point. And it didn't make sense to me until he said it too. Yeah. Until he said, I Never really thought about that.


You know, there is context. There's a, things aren't the same as they used to be. Not at all. I mean, the people, it's dangerous out there. I mean, Chicago is the murder capital of, of the country. And more people are dying there than they did in Iraq and Afghanistan. And, and it's no shock that that is one of my most at, I have arranged there with a Chicago cop, really broad defense, Daniel Lombard. Tremendous. We've got a range called the Compound. I don't think that's any coincidence that the major, that those are the biggest classes that I'll have when I teach out there at the compound in Crete, Illinois. It's run by Daniel Lombard. Divide Defense is his training company, but he's a, he's a lead farm instructor for the Chicago pd.


He's getting older now, so he's off the street now. He's teaching. But, but you're right. It's just this, where, where do I find some responsibility? And again, I never thought of it that way until I talked to that and it was like, You know, he's, he's got a point. So I'm not gonna stop doing videos. Don't give no, that's not gonna happen. But where can I at least have some control? I'm not gonna stop teaching tactics with my classes and I Well, guano, you're a hypocrite. No, I at least have some control. I know who I'm teaching. I at least have something. And if, and if we turn students away when I couldn't verify what they could carry the criminal. Yeah. We have, I've done that. So I'm not ever gonna tell guys to stop teaching tactics. Yeah. And it's an outlet for us too.


It's therapeutic for us. But I I would just say after talking to that police officer and getting back to the E three stuff, being a paid website, I don't have a problem with it being paid because we have some control of at least who the members are and who's watching. And if it's somebody that maybe is a criminal, shouldn't be owning a weapon, we have some little control that we can, all right. I, I can't stop from learning from other guys, but you're out. I, we can't teach you anymore. But getting back to the E three, again, it has been a, a uphill, uphill climb with it because it is a paid website and you can get the training for free on YouTube or Instagram. And, but You know, from tactics, our tactics are tactics.


Shooting is fundamentals. There is no secret sauce. There's no Jedi mind trick. You're not gonna, I'm not gonna be teaching you how to use the force the way I shoot. You can go watch another shooter and you're gonna get the same stuff. It, it's just a presentation. Who do you like, what, what resonates with you? Yeah. So yeah, E three has been good. And I think it's wonderful because we're part of an outdoor or telling, Hey, go, go do something. Firearm shooting is outdoor. Shooting is relaxing. At least in my opinion. Shooting is you're outside in the fresh air or you're at least doing something active. It's a sport. Yeah. It really is. I mean, shit, you have, you have the competitions, the U-S-C-C-A, you have all those, the tech games. It's a sport now.


Yeah. And it should be like that. The reason I'm getting into why I talk about it and the paid and not paid is is really, and why it don't do more unpaid YouTube videos online. I don't, I don't do that. That's why I don't. And is because I don't have control of who's watching it. And, and it was that conversation with that Philadelphia police officer and then listening to he spoke before I spoke the Dallas Chief of Police and not, he wasn't condemning it at all. He's just saying this guy knew what he was doing. Yeah. He had some tactics. And I didn't say know what he was doing. He knew how to pie. Yeah. He knew how to, he knew how to edge a corner. Yeah. Well, Chris, before we get too deep into the interview, everybody gets a gift.


Oh no man. You're all gifted Nothing but hospitality. Oh Man, there gummies. That's right. Those are legal in all 50 states, fortunately, or maybe unfortunately for you, I don't know. But they are made here in the USA. Oh, that's what, And yeah, so there you go. Some vigilance League going first. Thank you. Those are hard to come by, by the way. And This is actually, this is going on my side by side when I get home. Nice. Right on this side. It'll be at the range, man. Nice. And thank you. You're welcome. Thank you so much. And do you we need to bring manufacturing back to this country, man. The only thing we manufacturing now is drama and fricking political bullshit.


That's right. We need more manufacturing. Thank you, man. You're welcome. Hey, one last thing. Yeah, yeah. Before we get in, I got a Patreon account. They're my top supporters that have been here with me since the beginning. And they're the reason I'm here. And you're here. Yep. So one of the things I do is I give them the opportunity to ask each guest a question. Oh. And so this one is from Moose. What's up, Boose? What was it like for you to see the Obama administration blatantly lie about something you saw firsthand, ah, blame the attack on something unrelated and refuse to call it a terrorist attack?


How did it feel to be on the ground at the annex and realize that help was not coming? Let's do one question first. Yeah. Well, let's go first, first with the help not coming. And that's, let's just go in a timeline there. We can skip that. We'll do that. We'll Do that. Okay. So what gimme gimme number 'cause the feeling, what was It like for you to see the Obama administration blatantly lie about something you saw first? Yeah. I mean, I can tell you watch Fox and Friends, the lasted last interview I ever did on Fox and Friends with Pete Eth. It was back in 2014 or 15, where he would, somebody caught him on a cell phone. It was either at Loyola or one of those, one of those liberal colleges there in Chicago.


I, I can't remember which one. And he said Benghazi was a conspiracy. He didn't know he was being filmed. And of course they threw it on the tv. It's at six in the morning. I was just, I was in actually in Springfield. I was gonna go speak at a, an event that was sponsored by the guy that owns Bass Pro. So I was staying out the Bass Pro resort up there and told Pete I couldn't be there. I said, I gotta zoom in. So I zoomed in at 6:00 AM and You know, I'm half asleep. I've been, this was my fifth speaking event in like seven days. Just spent and pissed me off. Why would it, of course it pissed me. I mean, all those lines continually, I was angry, made, made me full of hate.


And what did I say? And you can watch it. It's out there on YouTube somewhere, I'm sure. He said, what did you feel after you watched the Benghazi called it Conspiracy? And I said, well, Pete, I said, I wanted to reach for the TV and I wanted to choke his ass. I I wanted to choke him out. And Pete, his eyes got big. He goes, you, yeah. Probably don't wanna be threatening a former U US president. And I said, Peter, you asked me. And that was my last ever Fox interview actually I ever did. And I did get visited by the Secret Service two weeks later. Luckily I knew the guys, they showed up at my house. Like, Chris, we, we gotta be here. You're threatening a president on national tv.


And, but if that tells you my anger right there, I mean, who, without even thinking, skipping a beat. And it wasn't to create, it wasn't to troll accounts, it wasn't to do clickbait. It was an immediate reaction. As soon as I saw it, it was like that mother. And I didn't want to kill her. I'm, let's get in the ring. I'm put you in a lock and let's see how you feel, man. That's what I've felt. So of course I was angry. I was angry for a lot of years. And I think if you watch, even there's speeches that I've done out there. I just still do corporate talks. I just did. You know, that's why I'm in Nashville. And you do your show. And I did a talk at the, at the Gaylord there, in the early days, the speeches were very, very angry because nobody was being held accountable.


And there were people that were calling us liars. You know? And it, that's, that's hard to, it's hard to be called the liar. Guys. When I saw Ron and I was shooting over their heads, when that last, those three mortars through a far for effect hit right on top of building C the fifth attack that night. And I was shooting, and it wasn't, the movie showed as daytime. It was actually, it was before Morning Twilight, you know, it was right before the, you know, you know what that is. Your viewers can Google that. It's right before the sun comes up. So it's still dark. So my night vision was still on. My fifteens were on. And remember the first one hit, blew up on the backside of building Sea was right over the top.


Ronan spun. He went cyclic on that belt fed, which was pretty freaking awesome. 'cause all I'm seeing is a laser beam as he turns. And they're coming to attack us through the, through the sheep slaughterhouse here. I put a few rounds over his head. 'cause I wanna get in a fight, even though I can't see the 'cause. I'm, I'm back behind them on building a, he's on building C Dave, Dave Uberin shoots. Oz is up there, he shoots, Bubba is up there, he's shooting. So I'm seeing all this fire. I'm shooting, I'm thinking shooting mortars this way. They gotta be bringing a whole force, following those mortars in. So I turn around, make sure nobody's coming, nobody's there. Come back two more shots. I see one hit directly right on top. My vision goes completely white. You know, it's overabundance like white as it comes back.


You know, I saw four and now there's three. So Guy disappeared and I can hear him screaming even in a whole of that. I can still hear him. It was Dave. I didn't know it at the time, but it was Uben. Just, she, it sheared his leg off, sheared his arm. They were hanging. So he is not completely gone, but he's legs this way, arms this way. How do I know that Tig got up there when he saw Dave Tig told me what his arm, his arms were, legs look like. Take a few more shots. 'cause what can you do? We're still getting attacked. We're in the middle of a fight. You know what it is? You don't, you can't stop fighting. What am I gonna do? Run off my building and go help. He's got three guys up there. I gotta keep fighting. I got my sector behind me. I gotta take, I turn around, I come back, they're still shooting. I took two more shots and then I saw boom, boom, boom.


If you've been an artillery, you call for fire. And you know what that is? That's fire for a effect. They're right where they want to hit. Night vision goes white. And as it comes back, all I see is the pixie dust. It got quiet, it got silent. Really weird. I thought they were gonna keep coming. And all I saw was the charge. It's particles. 'cause You know, blow up explosion, the debris of the dust gets either heated or charged. And it looks like it does. It looks like pixie dust coming down with those more, with my night vision starts to come back and refocus from the, the white light. And they're all gone. And it, it, it, my brain, my brain said, your team just got turned to dust.


It's like holy. I mean, it was, it was, it was. And it maybe it felt like longer than what it was. It was only a few seconds. But I put my head down and I remember thinking, and it was the one time negatively, I thought that it, every other time, and there was negative things happened. That was the one time where it was like that, holy shit, we might lose this. And I said, man, we can't beat this. I'm thinking to myself, we don't have any air support. They're gonna fucking keep hammering us. And You know, God, God's God was there all night, man. And God kicked me in my ass and said, get your gun up Ranger. And I know people are gonna, oh fuck, that's no making. No. That's what happened. What do you mean God kicked you in the ass and said, get up. Quit whining. Quit feeling like a victim. So you, is that a feeling you got?


Is that a voice? You heard voice. Voice in the back of my head right there. I still feel it. I usually don't get chills. And maybe it was my mom saying it, You know, but it was, to me it was that voice of God. It was something saying, we don't quit. You don't quit. Get your gun up. Keep fighting and said, get your gun up Ranger. That's what I heard. And that's being Ranger too. And that's what rangers are when you're at the 75th. Get your gun up, get your gun up. You're not quitting. Keep fighting. Keep pressing through. You learn that from rip, which is option 40. Now RAs now you learn that throughout. That's what's instilled in you Rangers before you, what'd they do in Vietnam? The a hundred killer teams, they ran towards the fight. What'd they do when they jumped into Rio Hato? They ran towards the fight. There's no cover.


They shot their way off the, off the earth. The tarmac in Grenada. What'd they do? They ran towards the fight. Get your gun up Ranger. Why? And so, why am I so angry? Because when somebody calls it conspiracy, and I watched, I watched Ron, I watched Ron and Bub and Dave and das at the time. I thought all the time I watched them evaporate. That's what I did with my brain. It's like, holy shit, those guys are they, they're gone. I've seen death before. But have you ever saw where your friends just like, they're there and they're not. So when he said it was a conspiracy, it's like, hell yeah. I was pissed off and I was pissed off for many, many years. And it, it did hurt a lot of the relationship.


It hurt my relationship with my wife and my kids at the time. So to ask, that's, I mean, it's a great question, but it also points to how, how irresponsible politicians are with their words. Yeah. And, and how they, they don't give a shit. And him especially, You know, Hillary got what she deserved. She wasn't president, she was humiliated. She lost. Is she gonna get more? Yeah, she's gonna get more. When she v when she stands before a maker with God, God's gonna judge her. And I hope he judges her and he's going to, it's gonna judge her. Well how she should, Obama's the one that got over scot free. He was the commander in chief. Come on man. Who's supposed to help get people to us?


Is it Hillary in State Department? Granted, she was hugely responsible. So was Leon Panetta. General Ham could have done something. But who was the commander in chief? Who was General Ham? He was the, he was the Euro comp commander. He was the one that LY knows Leon Panetta was director of ca at the time, at the time. And then he went to the sec, You know, he became sec def and all that. But actually, but You know, he could have done something too. And but Obama's the one that really is the one that's held re I should have been hold responsible for it all. You know. And also with the rhetoric Al-Qaeda, remember people forget that what was his platform at the time?


Al-Qaeda was on the run, terrorism is dead. He knew it wasn't. That's who attacked us. You, you had Sarah on. She knows it better than anybody. Who was the one that masterminded that? Yeah, ZAWA Harry. What is, he's number two? Al hate it. So, but the, the guy that got away with it and then continued to try to press a narrative, which we see happens now. Well, I got a question. I don't want to get too deep. No, no, go ahead. And I wasn't expecting to get this deep. I'm sorry. That's just me, man. I, it's go down rabbit holes all the time. Okay. What I want to ask though is, is I can see, I can see the rage returning right Now. It it, does it come Of course. It's gonna come up. So what, what Was the, what was the turning point that kind of eased that rage?


That interview was one Because it's like why with Pete Egg Seth? Yeah, that 'cause it was, it was, it was the last mainstream interview I ever did. Is that, Was that was your Terms or theirs? Mine. I said, I'm not gonna do anymore. I, I told him, I said, I'm done. It was mine. I'm not doing that. 'cause I got, I did get asked two times to go on Tucker and nothing against him. I like him. I just, I'm not doing that because that's what they wanna get. I started real, that's what they want to get out of me. They wanted, they know tunnel's gonna come in and say something that's gonna click bait and gonna be pissed off. 'cause that's how I always was. I am very an I get, I'm animated. I'm gonna say what's on my mind and if it pisses somebody, so what I'm gonna tell you how I feel.


And that's great for ratings. It is. And I, but, and nothing against, I got friends down there. Sean's a nice H's. A nice guy, man. You know, the, the, the deuces are, they're nice people. You know Martha McCollums, she's a nice, treated me very, very well. They're not, it just was, It was, I don't think anybody was Ruining my family and my relationship. 'cause I got divorced at that time as well. So that anger had carried over to where my wife and my kids are. Like, I, we don't want you around anymore. You're toxicities here. You're, you're just always pissed off. You're never happy. And we had gotten divorced. So when I did that, we were actually divorced at that time and it was, I gotta get myself right 'cause So it was, it was doing the interviews that brought the rage back.


I think just reliving it all and not being able to handle it and finding a silver lining to it. Which there always is a silver lining. God gives us a silver lining for everything that we do. We just gotta find it. How do you feel about doing this interview? That's, I'm good because I'm at peace with it all. I don't have a problem getting, I know it's gonna bring anger outta me, but does it make me angry when I leave? No, because I'm come home to see my kids. And I want to tell this because I still talk to Ty's mom. Cheryl Bennett wonderfully love her. I'm, she's the, she, I'm her second mom. I mean, she's my second mom. And telling this keeps their memories alive. Where back then it was more of, it's about me. I need to show you how angry I am. I need to show you how pissed off I'm I need.


It was selfish. Yeah. It was very, now it's, I'm gonna tell you because I want people to know that. So when they hear a liberal, they hear on Obama, they hear a Hillary, they hear, hear a Biden say, it was a conspiracy, You know, I was videoing a protest. They can say, no, I know that dude's telling the truth. 'cause just look how emotional he gets. And it, of course it's emotional. I saw my teammates die. They were my friends. I mean we, we weren't best friends or nothing, but they were still my teammates and they still were my friends. And so they tried the p powers at b. Tried to cover it up. But that was a turning point somewhat. 'cause six months later I did put a gun in my head. We'll get there. Yeah. For starters.


Yeah. Where did you grow Up?


Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance. You can get done right from your couch all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Just go to meet fabric.com/sean, that's meet fabric.com/sean. With every holiday season, the year ends and a new one begins. And that's when I really see how much my kids have grown. And it makes me realize how fast life moves. Preparedness is something I talk a lot about on the show. And part of being prepared is making my family's financial security a top priority Fabric makes it simple to get the protection that's right for your family. Join me in thousands of parents who trust fabric to protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean. That's meet fabric.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices. Subject to underwriting and health questions.


A lot of us are trying to get our finances in order and to start the new year off right. There's some great news for homeowners. Interest rates have dropped and are now in the fives. If you've been buried in high interest credit card debt, now's the time to break. Free American financing can help you access the cash in your home to pay off your high interest debt. Last year, their salary based mortgage consultants helped customers save an average of $800 a month. That's like giving yourself a $10,000 raise. What a way to start the new year. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900. Or go to American financing.net/ss nmls 1 8 2 3 3 4 N-M-L-S-C-O-N-S-U-M-E-R access.org. A PR. Rates in the five start at 6.458% for well qualified borrowers. Call 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 for details about credit costs and terms.


Colorado Alamosa Colorado. Loved it. Grandmother and grandmother grand. My grandmother and grandfather were, were immigrants from Mexico. I'm not Garcia man. My mom's dad's West Texas. Mom's a Garcia. But, so we grew up, we grew up in the, You know, lower middle class. But it was wonderful, wonderful childhood. Alamosa, small little town in the Sanger de crystal range out there in southern Colorado. And then we'd go to visit my grandmother and grandfather who were pickers and then they owned their own farm. So I saw them. Just the hard work man. It was amazing. I loved, I loved being a perran, but I also loved being a Garcia. I mean, I mean, my middle name is after my grandfather, Joaquin Christian, Joaquin.


So it was, it was awesome. And it was just always happy, You know, always playing. I'd play with the, we we called 'em the wetbacks. I know that's a, that's a, that's a politically incorrect term, but that's what we, the migrant workers that would come over work on my grandfather's farm. They web backs, man pickers. Yeah. I remember going out and that we would play baseball with them when they come from the field. I remember one actually saved my life playing hide and seek in a back of potato truck. And I was running away from my cousin. Hit a bar that was across the top. Cracked my head open and I laid there for about five minutes before one of 'em carried me out, found me bleeding all over and he carried me out to my grandmother's house.


I mean it just, it was amazing fun. It was a rough, it was a rough childhood, You know, it was a rough fun. Yeah. Spin your knee up, ride dirt, bikes grid, take your lab out. Go little hunting with the 22 or or with a, with a PT gun. It was wonderful man. Skin. Crack your head open once or twice. Brothers and sisters, bro. I have two. I have a brother and a sister and You know, me and my sister, we have our issues but we're close. It's a close family. There's not like, there's no any hatred. My brother. No my brother, he's awesome. I even an liar. It's one of those relationships though, where it's like he'll call us and You know, I'll say, what's up jackass? Hey. I say, yeah, what's up douche bag? It's, that is, I love you man.


And two years younger than me, we played sports together growing up and it athletics was huge in the family. My dad was a football coach, NCA football coach. So when we were at Alamosa, he was the head coach at Adam State and the athletic director. Then we moved to Brigham Young, we moved to Utah. 'cause he got a job as an assistant at Brigham Young University. And that was a one hell of an experience. You, I look back at it now and it was like, wow. I was blessed. 'cause that was during their gl. They're glorious. So I gotta hang around a clubhouse with Jim McMahon and Steve Young. Wow. And Robbie Bosco and, and national championship team. And You know, you're taking it for granted. You had Vel Edwards who they don't make coaches, You know, that was like the iconic coaches when coaches were actually coaches and not public figures.


You know, Lalle Edwards, Paul Bear Bryant, You know, guys like that. Woody, You know, just the old school. He was awesome. But You know, you had Mike Holmgren there who was the offensive coordinator who later became the coach of the Packers, won two Super Bowls. Norm Chow, who was, he was a legend in the NCA, went to USC. Wow. Andy Reed was a graduate assistant there at the time. Coach. So, You know, and I look back and I'm like, man, I was around some cool and you just, and all I'm doing, I'm a kid running around the clubhouse playing catch with Steve Young, going to the grad school. That is cool. Yes. So, so sports were big, You know, and I wanted to play football and I played football. We moved to Oregon State. My dad got a job at Oregon State and we, he, it was wonderful.


There gotta be around, you know, the Pac 10. It was a ball boy on the sidelines for the Pac 10. That was so fun. Just being at the games, You know. And that was, that was Pac 10 at the time. I mean that's Washington, U-C-L-A-U-S-C when they were, I mean, they're still good. I can't, but they was, it was amazing. It was just good, good time being around college. When college was college when it wasn't. Yeah, propaganda was protest about everything. It was, it was college. It was PCU man. It was where people would make fun of that. Yeah, let's go have a, You know, so, and it was a, it was college towns. Now Brigham Young was a little different this morning, man. You know, there's, it's, you're not gonna find a lot of drinking in there. But, and then we, he got a job in Colorado, back in Colorado and we moved and still he's still coaching at Mesa.


It's called Colorado. Me, it's called Mesa College at the time. It's called Colorado Mesa University now. And we moved there and of course being around sports forever. And I, my dad was a football player. My mom was a pretty good athlete in our own right. You know, I, I got some good gene in me and I managed to get a scholarship to play football. And I played football for four years at, actually, I, I did No kidding. Go to me. Yeah. I I, yeah. I was, I I was, I was, had a good time man. So I, and dad wasn't the coach. He was the ad at, I went to that CO and to be court. What does that mean? He was the athletic director at that college. Okay. But I didn't go there first. I, I wasn't, I was a typical college football player.


I'd rather drink and party than go to class. Gotcha. So my first year at Mesa, I flunked outta college and had to go to a junior college to get my grades up so I could continue to play football. So I went to, it's, it was called Dixie at the time because of the wokeness and political correctness. Now it's called something else. But we were called the Dixie Rebels. And I'm still a Dixie Rebel for all you, whatever you call the college now. It was awesome. That was a wonderful experience. 'cause it, Dixie was like the program where B-Y-U-U-N-O-V, university of Utah would send all these truants to get their grades up into. So we were a football fan. I mean, we were awesome.


We were number one in the nation. We finished number two one year. So I'm around there and I'm around gangsters man. I'm around the Donna Street Crips. I'm around West Coast Bloods, Tonga Crip gangsters. Then you got farm kids coming from Utah. Big Farm boys. And we had this, it was such a wonderful experience. It was a wonderful to see so many I was out on, you know, so many people of different backgrounds and nationalities coming together for a focus to win games. Sounds like the military. It does. And it sounds like, you know, that's why I laugh when I hear all these DEI pro all this. So we had diversity way back then, guys. Yeah. And guess what? We were called the Dixie Rebels too. And not one black dude gave two shits.


We were proud to be called the Rebels. That's what we were. And I was the only, I I wasn't as true. I mean, they were hardcore. I just flunked outta school now, You know, I, I ain't gonna lie, my ethnicity did help. It does. He's Mexican dude. And they, my grandfather, You know, it was, it, it it it allowed me to at least have a, have a foot in the door where I, okay, we can kind of trust this guy. And, and it stereotypes. Stereotypes for a reason. I have no problem with that. But it was one hell of an experience because we were so good. And it was fun playing on a team of so many different characters. And what got me is that was back in the day when Bloods and Crips, they were, You know, that was a big deal.


There's gang violence all the time. And there was a guy named Stacy, he was a West Coast Blood. He came from Los Angeles in. And then we had a guy named Chucky who was best athletes I've ever seen in my life. He was a Donna Street Crip from Vegas. And I went to Stacey one day 'cause I, I didn't get, I'm, I'm this naive kid from Colorado, You know, and I don't know what I can ask or what I can, I'm gonna say, I say, Hey, how come you guys aren't killing each other? You know, I'm being an idiot. Should I say I, I don't, I'm 19 years old who I, what am I saying? The right thing? And Stacey looks at me and he goes, he goes on the streets, man. Yeah. He said we would, I, I said I, I'd shoot that motherfucker, but here I just wanna win.


I was like, wow, that just makes so much sense. Wow. And that's also when I started going to military. And then even GRSA lot of people dunno, Oz and I don't get along. We never have. I was gonna wait till the end of the interview. Now we, and I'm sorry I didn't mean to jump to that, But let's, well, I mean, you brought it up. Let's do it now. Well that's, I, I've always, I've, I mean obviously I've been following you guys. Yeah. I mean we were in the same profession. Of course. Yeah. And I remember after it happened, you guys, You know you did the book. Yeah. We came out lots of speaking events. Yeah. I thought you guys used to speak together. We Had to. Yeah.


And then it seemed like everything kind of, I mean, look what happened. Why don't you guys get along? Well, it's just personalities. I, there's nothing. Oz is a wonderful, wonderful person. He is in his own right. Just personalities. Very, I'm very outspoken. Whenever we do speeches or things like that, he always wanted to kind of play like the politician. I gotta make both sides happen. I was like, screw this. Say what happened. So we went at odds. But even when we were down range, it just was personalities man. It just was, you just, there's just some guys you don't get along. Did you guys butt heads before? Yeah. Benghazi With the first place we worked at together, I'd never worked them before.


Really. That was the first first base that I worked with Oz at. And immediately butted heads. It's just one of those bases where, you know, the guy come, a guy comes in and you're like, man, we just don't jive. He doesn't, he doesn't like my Jack Asher. I don't like him being so damn uptight. But we were both professional enough. And this is, this is a kudo to Ron as well. Ron really was our, was our team leader. We had an official team leader. Ron was our assistant team leader. We had a, You know, we had a staffer that was our team leader. But Ron is who we listen to. The staffer we never listen to. Isn't it funny how that's Like the, I know Common theme. Well, when you don't hold the staff the same every I know GRS team, that the staffer is always the weakest link.


When you don't hold them to the same standard, then they're always gonna be, they get mad At me when I say this stuff. Tough Shit, dude. There, it's, it's the truth. I mean, I can count good staffer and I'll tell the staff there are some that, but the majority of the good staffers were the ones that had the same background. We'll get into this later. But anyway. Yeah. With Oz of context. With Oz, it, it was nothing where, and it wasn't a hatred. It just was we don't like each other man. Yeah. And you get to an age at 42 at that point we're maybe in the early days in our thirties, maybe we would've f you f you just, but it wasn't like that. It was just, you're, you're, I'm we're 40, he's 45, I'm 42. It's like, there's no reason to create any more drama deal with your, how we need to just win.


'cause I still kept going in my head what Stacey said to me about the Crips and the Bloods. We, we just wanna win. Yeah. Let's put the differences aside so we can win the focus. And that's, that's, that's also wrong. Keeping us on, hey, what's the, what's the main focus here guys? Everybody goes home. Put your stupid differences aside. Shut the hell up and do your jobs. You got your right and left limits. You got your right and left limits. And we stayed within those. And it wasn't like a man, you're a douche. It wasn't like that. It was just, You know, you're in a room, you, you're just in a room with somebody that you just don't get along with. So you stay in there as long as you can. And then you get out and you go do your thing and you'll go to his thing. It is a lot more difficult 'cause you've been on a lot of those bases doing this where you're on top of each other.


So it's harder to get away. Get away. But we did, you know, and You know, and Rowan wasn't dumb enough to put his rooming together in the same room. You know, it was one of those things that let's, let's make it as as possible. And there you always, at least at that point in time, because of my age and experience, and I think this is important for everybody, even of people you don't like, you find things that you can respect about them. And I do, again, I, I, he's tough as nails. The dude got hit with a mortar and tried to get up and shoot. I saw him, I told you in the beginning, I saw a guy get up and try to shoot after that mor mortar stopped and he, the gun kept falling. 'cause he would get up and he'd shoot and I'd see the rounds of boom.


Well his arm, he hadn't realized his arm had gone fall. So when you watch 13 hours and you see him getting up like that, that hap that wasn't movie magic that happened. So do I respect his toughness? Hell yeah. And he said one of the coolest things I'd ever heard in my life when we drove to the airport, he's bleeding out his arm's about coming off. We wanted to help get him on that plane, that executive's jet. And he said this, and I'll give him kudos for it. 'cause it was some Clint Eastwood shit. He goes, I walked into this country, I'm walking out. That wasn't a movie magic. That wasn't a line written. And he said that. And I remember what I heard. I was like, alright, Oz may not get along, but that's some cool ass shit right there.


Yeah. And, and so you cannot get along, that's fine. But you still find ways to respect each other and work together because the goal is to win. And I kept thinking about Stacey, the West coast blood, the most intellectual wise thing I heard was from a 20-year-old gangster man from Los Angeles. We just wanna win. It's that simple. And I think that's why when I talk to corporations and I tell, that's part of my speech. Just win. That's the goal. Let's win. Yeah. But the differences aside, and that's why also when we were out doing our speaking and you're seeing us on tv, alright, we gotta put on a united front here, we're stronger together.


And because there wasn't hatred there, it just was a dislike. Just didn't, like, didn't care. Our personalities just didn't mesh. It wasn't that hard to go in there and do an interview together. And Oz had great things to say because he was there. He saw things that I didn't, that helped expose the Bubs. You know? 'cause we were in different spots the whole time. Let's, Let's move back to Yeah. Kind of growing up. We're past ch we're past childhood. I want get to this, but I want it to all be in one piece, if that's okay with You. Yeah. No, no, no, no. You're good. And so what, so you're Football. Football got football, college football. Yeah. Yeah. What got Your interest in the military?


God, just path. When you're short and you're slow, you're not gonna go to the next level. You know, I was, I was really short and, but I was super slow. So the NFL didn't come knocking at my door. So I, I remember, I, I was just walking through the student union building there at Colorado. Mesa Mesa College was called the time. And you know, at the graduation, there's job fairs at these colleges. You go to college, you are always gonna see a job fair. And I'm walking through and all these jobs are there, but of course who's there with all the, all the occupations, all the corporations, the vultures are over there in the corner. The Army recruiter, the marine recruiter, the Navy recruiter, the Air Force recruiter. And, You know, long story short on that one, which is not gonna be the theme here, but they yelled, they said, Hey, you, I was the stupid enough one to look in that direction.


I walked over there, they said, Hey, what are you gonna do after c And You know, I had thought about FBI, I had thought about federal police. Every time I went to apply for one, I'd get a call, Hey, you need to experience. You gotta go become a police officer. You gotta go endure. You gotta go to the military. You gotta, and police just didn't sound fun to me. So I walked over there. I saw the Ranger video, I saw the recruiting video, which was a 75th Ranger video. So they're jumping outta planes, fast roping. They showed me the Seal Challenge video, the Navy guy did. So I'm watching the Hilo cast and I'm watching the low cast and I'm seeing all the cool stuff. You know, the marines, they're landing on the beach.


You know, the recon, they're showing me recon guys, the Air Force one, I always make this a joke. I say I saw the Air Force one and You know, they were in a air conditioning room. Nice. Comfortable with good food. No, they're showing me the jets and things. And I just thought the Rangers was, was the best one for me. And so I said, signed up. I signed up, I enlisted right there after I got my bachelor's degree. No kidding. And yeah, was 30 days later I'm off to Fort Benning. And did that. You literally signed up right there. Yeah. At the job fair. Yeah. And, and the scariest thing to shit, I tell people, talk about an impulse. It was just like, it was like, I was like, what am I gonna do? And You know, he had, well FBI, they said military.


And I do remember telling the recruiter, I asked him, I go, is that hard? He goes, yeah. I go, do people quit? He goes, yeah, all right, let's do it. And so move on. And we go to Fort Benning, Georgia. And it, it did, I was like a, a a a round peg in a round hole. I just fit, You know, I was, I went to, it was Sandhill at the time. It was Echo Company 2 5 8 called the House of Pain. I was supposed to be the hardest one there, but come on, they're all the hardest. Every, every basic training depot is the hardest one. But distinguished honor graduate, I did really well. I was just, it just fit. It just made, you know, I was physically fit.


I got the, the athletics completely prepped me for it, You know, the teamwork aspect of it. You just had to get used to the yelling. And they were still smacking us around. It was 1995, which if you didn't deserve to get smacked around, then you didn't get smacked. And that made sense to me. It was based on merit. Yeah. You work your ass, it's merit based. You're gonna perform, you're gonna do what you're told. We're gonna move you up. You're gonna be a smart ass, you're gonna be lazy. You're gonna be a fat body. No. Then you don't. It's easy. Yeah. It's a piece of cake. Yeah. And went to Airborne School, but I was married to my first wife at the time and nothing against, she's a wonderful person. We just got married way too young. Just nothing bad to say about her. But she was having an affair.


So I got my Jodi letter, You know, Hey, I want a divorce. And it really was hard from there on out Airborne School on out because that wasn't something I ever expected. That wasn't something in my family that happened. Hmm. Divorce didn't happen to me. That wasn't even on my radar. Yeah. And it was, whoa what this is. So I'm fighting Airborne school. Airborne school's easy. Just all you gotta do is learn how to fall and break yourself and then jump out of a plane. It was, it was memorable. There was a memorable thing about Airborne School though. That was awesome. And again, God looking out, my first two jumps, first day jump and first night jump, I was the first one out the door.


It was so awesome being able to have the door open first jump and I'm watching. That was cool. Nice. It's memorable. I threw and the night jump too. I was like, how lucky am I to be? How did that happen? I got lucky to be the first one out the door. So, You know, your door opens, you get a watch, all that shit for about 30 seconds before you go. But Airborne School then went through rip, got through Ranger, rip and went to second bat. And we were there. I was there for about eight months. And You know, you're an untapped guy and you've been around rangers, You know, we're untapped at Ranger Battalion. We're shit, we're piece we're we're getting hazed. I mean it's, it's just, it's miserable. You're hiding in your team room on the weekends because you don't want the tab speck four to come in there and smoke your balls and haze the shit out you, so you just like, either hide or you take off for the weekend.


And, but went on a JRX training mission at Bragg, about eight months in I was at Battalion and the joint ance exercise. So we're doing a, a joint redness exercise with blue green, some PJs. And then the Air force guys at Pope, the spec ops, the specter, and You know, and the task force was there too. Nice. Stalkers were there too. So it's a big thing. Nice. Yeah, it was, it was pretty awesome. So, I mean, I'm a private, I'm just, but I'm fighting this divorce. I mean, I'm, my wife's cheating on me, you know, and, and it's just killing me. Did You know who she was cheating on? No, I, I mean I, at that, that first two week it was, it was a, it was a two week JRX the first week.


I still hadn't figured it out. I, I was in denial more than anything, You know, that's no way she's doing that. And this is for the admin and cell phone. Cell phones were a big thing. So to go home to call, you had to go actually go to a payphone. So it wasn't like I could call and check all the time like you could now. Yeah. Which maybe that would've made it worse. Maybe this made it better this way. But I'm a new private. I'm around all these tier one guys. I'm just, holy shit dude, I'm, should I, You know, and, and when you're a new guy, you, you have that bravado. But should I be here, you know, tab spec four, you got tab squad leaders, tab B fives. These guys, this is old hat to them. I'm like, oh my gosh man. So the stress levels for me, don't fuck up. Don't fuck up. I got two hernias on my first jump too. So I'm, I want to tell nobody 'cause I got two little aliens going there.


When we jumped in, is it Sicily? At Bragg? I can't remember the, the drop zone. But anyway, it all came to, to a head. And I called home and I shoot an answer. So I finally called my brother Mike, love him. I go, Hey, what's going on with Stacey man? He goes, dude, I I, I don't wanna tell you. And as soon as he said that, You know, I, I was like crap. Because I was in denial. And I went home on block leave. 'cause it was right after that. We were going on block leave, which was right before Christmas. And I just, I went to the guy's house and I hit in his bushes. I was gonna kill him. And I came to my sense, which was great on my end 'cause I got out of there. But it was also where I even felt like a bigger failure.


'cause like, man, I can't even do this. I'm the biggest pussy in the world, but God has, God's got me. You know, God is, and but of course everybody found out small town, grand Junction, Colorado Military. Found out of course, because I was very lucky. I, instead of going to jail, I got go to the VA here in Grand Junction. They threw me in the mental wart like to check on me. Of course. So the military, so the wheels are turning that I'm gonna get, so hold On. Did you get caught? Actually, I, what I did is I went back home, I drank myself silly. And my friend found me on the floor. My ranger buddy who I joined with that was home two on leave. He found me on the floor.


Just I was just drunk and took a bunch of Tylenol and Yeah, it's just So you tried to kill yourself? Yeah. Yeah. 19 97, 6 or 7 96 in nine, six. Holy shit Guys. And yeah, it's just one of those things because it is, it is. You're young, you're pissed. Vinegar, you're full of fire, you're a ranger dude, someone was gonna, You know, but I wasn't ready. It just was being young and stupid and, and doing stupid things impulsively that young people do, especially young guys like my, yourself and myself. Were just, we're not thinking, we're just action first consequences later.


And, but the military found out, and of course they are. And of course we called the commander, and the commander found out. And I had, I had wonderful that, so blessed First Sergeant was Frank Grippy, ranger, legend, sergeant Major, grippy fucking, You know, he was dropping mortars and tubes in Ana in Turbo and Anaconda when he was 10 Mountain. He was a sergeant Major. He was my first sergeant. And we also had Captain Paul Aama, who, I think he's a three star general now. He may have just retired, but he was my CEO and they, I mean, I wasn't gonna stay in, there's no way I could stay in, but I managed to get an honorable discharge and I didn't, I didn't deserve it. So I only finished two years outta my first four year contract.


Well, how long did it take you to snap out of that? Well, I, I went home. It took me two years. Well, I had two years. I didn't have a choice. The, so you Got out let, sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you left, I left the army. You left the army at the end of 1996. At the end of 1996. And then went back to your hometown. I went back to my hometown and I was like, I can't do this anymore. And, and, You know, what were you doing in your hometown? Nothing. Just being miserable. Being Miserable, You know, it was, I was miserable. I was, but I was with family, You know, my fam my mom's there, my dad's there, my brothers are there. So I'm surrounded by family. My friends are still there. 'cause I had just really been two years outta college. I still had guys I played football with that are still finishing up.


And I had a buddy of mine named Brian Edwards. He goes, did you look like shit? And I moved in with them. I, I hung out with my buddies, You know, my parents were there, but I, I moved into a room at one of their old ex-football players. They were still playing one of my teammate's houses. And they went on a and I, so I recommend everybody to do, when you go through divorce. I went to South Park Island for spring break. Spring break. He goes, Wait, what happened there, Chris? She's like, dude, you look miserable. We're going to spring break. Come on, get in the car, we're going. I was like, okay. We went and I went to South Padre Island for spring break. And I remember this, the Lord, I am beyond the Lord works mysterious ways. I'm serious. It's just so made, You know, I look back at it now, I'm like, oh my gosh, God really does have control.


I go there, Hold on. Can I, can I make a prediction? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did you meet your current wife there? Get the fuck. I You serious? No, shit. I went there. Hold on, Hold on. How long had you been, were you divorced yet? We were iv Yeah. We, well we had been un officially divorced for only about six months. But we, she had tried to divorce me and get rid of me at basic training. So it'd been So you're Like depressed at home? Yeah. Depressed. Drinking yourself to death. Yeah. Tried to commit suicide with a bottle of Tylenol. And now I'm going to, what am I gonna do with Life? My life now, buddy's like, we're going to South Padre Island, we're gonna by spring break, I need you to smile again. And Brian, I love Brian. He is, he is all he is. And he was a, he was a, he was a really good football player.


Outstanding, wide receiver out there. But we go there and this is what's so funny and it's funny, but I also, I do believe there's Cupid is out there. 'cause we're at Charlie's. It's a bar there. No, it's Louis's. We're at Louis's. Louis's Louis's barring something. And I'm dancing, You know, and, but I'm still jacked. I'm a ranger shredded, You know, I'm jacked up, shirt's off. 'cause I'm woo hoo. I'm spring break drinking, drinking. And all of a sudden the searing pain all flows down the side of my face of my eyes. Well, it was before Fireball. So they had those shots of cinnamon sns that the little ladies would carry around. Somebody had knocked a whole thing on me.


And I look, and it was my wife, my current wife. I look and it is like, it's like, Wow. Whoa. And we danced. We were inseparable that whole spring break. I stayed with her that whole spring. Wait, Hold on. What was the one liner there, there? Who picked up? Who? Actually, I still think she's, and I told her, I said, you spilled that that cinnamon sns on me on purpose, didn't you? Because you saw my heaving chest. And I would show, and she was like, that was so there. But that's the joke. That was actually the joke. And it wasn't, 'cause I still believe that. Like, you saw me and you did that on purpose, didn't you? Just so I looked at you and I looked at her and she was a volleyball player from the university, Nebraska Oma.


I mean, she, she, you know, volleyball players, come on, have you watch, watch college volleyball, do this. And you know, she's taller than me. She's five 10, you know, I'm five nine. She's five 10. And just athletic. And man, that was it. And, and again, the whole spring break. So there was no one liner, but it was, I do give her shit for, like I said, you did that shit on purpose because you saw my man booze from all them pushups. And it was awesome. And so when I, I went home, it gave me a direction. So I went back home like, okay, I, the stipulations to my honorable discharges, I had to still, I had to stay out for two years. I couldn't reenlist for two years. It came in the, in my, my file.


And my dad had his doctorate. My mother, she was a teacher. She had her master's. What's the logical step here? Let's go back to college. So I applied to University of Nebraska, Omaha took the GRE, got accepted. And I got into my Bronco two. And luckily I made it to Omaha. And I lived in a hundred dollars and 10 a month room in, in the slums of Omaha. Oma is a wonderful place, but it was the poorer section of Omaha. No inner conditioning, nothing. And it was wonderful. It's wonderful. It was just, it was just, it was like, I'm an out of a terrible element and here I am by myself, no money.


Bronco twos don't run. So it's in a crappy car. I'm still fighting double hernia surgery. 'cause I hadn't got my hernias fixed yet. But it was like, man, this is awesome. And the only person I know is this woman that spilled drinks on me that I spent four days with at South Pine Island. And she was, she was awesome. And we just, we dated and, and I just got my life together. I went back to school. The VA got my chip fixed. I got my hernias fixed there where I was there. Grad school to me was e was the school. I didn't say it's easy, but the ability to, to go to school and then also work. And it wasn't hard because the military was, so you, you, you, You know, it was regimented.


You, you could do multiple whole things and not get enough sleep and still get it done. Well, it was easy. So I got a job at Mutual of Omaha, working as a security guard, go to school. And my classes, I could take at UNOA lot of the grad classes were in the evening. So I would take classes. And a lot of those graduate school classes I was in for criminal justice. So I was still thinking maybe the fed's down the line, even while I'd done, but it was one a week. So one three hour class a week I could take. And then it was just study, study, study. And to me, studying was awesome. A library was peaceful. So I would get an internship. So I worked at the library, I could study, I worked at Mutual Omaha during the day. So I was making money over there.


And, and I was going to school. And I was with this woman that was this young woman that was just hotter than all hell as he was, I mean, volleyball players, man, squats and jumps. Obviously you can tell what kind of man I am. She was amazing. And, and she turned out to be just a, just a, a very wonderful person that, You know, you social media, you see all the, all the women on social media. She's not that. She doesn't have a social media account. She doesn't believe it. She's just a, just a good home, homegrown Nebraskan girl. Nice. And she took care of me and she really did. She, she got me back up on my feet. She got me.


She just got my, the whole situation, got my life back together. But she was the main focal point on that. And two years, got my master's degree. I actually went from being a security guard to where I became an insurance adjuster. So when you watch the movie where they say, yeah, you'll be happy being home, that that argument did happen. I fell asleep during the ambassador's fee. I heard so much political. I I, I didn't care. I would've been up half the night, dude. Yeah, I was up half the night. I got up in the morning like, screw this, do I really have to go around? He's like, toll, get in there. And I'm sitting in the back. But anyway, when the argument said, yeah, there that happened, he goes, you'd be happy going back home and being an insurance adjuster. It's because I was, I still am a licensed national flood insurance program, FEMA insurance adjuster to, to this day.


I still can run claims if I want. But that's what I did. I went to, got that certification and started working at Mutual of Omaha. And, and eventually I got back in the military. And I remember, I, I, I, it was hard. I went through eight different recruiters 'cause nobody was gonna help me. When they found out what I did, even though I had an honorable discharge, my renter code was a three, which is very bad. That means you, you got an honorable discharge. But there's an asterisk there. And the last guy saw, it was a recruiting command. It was right by my house too. I came, I'd missed it for two years. I don't know what happened. Lord works mysterious ways. My friend, I'm driving home to go home. I'm like, well, I guess the military's done. I I got my master's, but I guess the military's out of question.


I see it in the corner. And I'm like, how did I miss this for years? It's been right by my house and my, my one room in the house. I lived and driving there and the Nebraska recruiting Command Sergeant Major's in there. I walk in, he's in there, I'm talking to the recruiter. He overhears me, telling, pleading my case to this recruiter. Hey man, you please, I really want to go in. I need to finish what I started. He walks in, he says, I'm hearing what you're saying. He said, do you really want to go back in soon? I said, yes, Sergeant Major. He goes, Roger that. He signs me the paperwork over. I sign it. He takes it back from me as he's holding it. He goes, there's just one stipulation.


You have to do it all over again, Roger. Yeah. So I did all over again. Basic airborne ranger. Did it twice and went back in. I and I I I just You did all, all twice. Yeah. Yeah. If you want some bad enough though, was it it You'll do it. And it really lot of that, You know, this is when, especially when you're early on, it's a mind game. It's fuck fuck games. I knew it was coming. Yeah. I was in great shape. 'cause that's all I did. I worked, I went to school. I hung out with my, my, my girlfriend at the time who was a volleyball player there. So what did I do? She was half the time she was at the gym. So I worked out all the time. I was running five minute miles. You know, I could, I could do 120 pushups in two minutes.


I mean, I was, you know, and I'm very lucky I had good genes from my family. You know, playing sports helped as well. So when I went in, I could out do the drill sergeants. But I saw, I saw how the military in those three years went from, or it was actually four years and it was, yeah, from 1995 when I first went into basic training till when I went back in, in the beginning of 1999. How had it had gotten easier?


Are you tired of scrolling through social media and binge watching tv? There's a better way to spend your time. That's educating yourself. That's why I am so excited that Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important subjects. You can learn about the works of CS Lewis, the stories in the book of Genesis, the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College's online courses all available for free. That's right. For free. I personally recommend you sign up for Western Heritage from the book of Genesis to John Locke. In this 11 lecture online course, you'll explore the history and unique character of Western civilization and discover how its central elements gave rise to the American founding. It includes lessons on early Christianity, the Renaissance, the reformation, the scientific revolution, and much more. The course is self-paced so that you can start whenever and wherever. Enroll now in Hillsdale's Western Heritage Course. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to get started. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss to register. Hillsdale do edu slash ss.


Really? I did do the drill sergeant when I went in the first time, every drill instructor, infantry drill instructor, except for one, was tabbed. They at least had a ranger tab. They don't come from ranger baton, but they at least had a tab or they were mechanized and they'd seem some combat or been their desert. I mean, they were hardcore, the one that didn't. And he was one of my drill sergeants. Drill Sergeant Hardney, the devil loved that man. Big black dude, six seven, looked like a demon from hell. But I love him. He, he was actually the he N-C-O-I-C for two of the unknown soldier, if that tells you anything about his qualifications. Yeah. He may not have his tab, but do you think he's disciplined? Yeah.


Standing eight hours at Yeah, at 10, yeah. So when I went in the second time, two guys had tabs. No, CRBs not that much in shape. The only two guys, the, the senior drill instructor, he was from third bat. So he was a ranger, he was tabbed. And then our commander, our co was tapped and, and it was easier. They weren't throwing us around. They couldn't even get in our face. They could still do the shark attack, but it was the, the standards had lowered the mile max, the two mile run was 1154 when I first went in.


It moved down to 13. So it was easy. I was like, geez, this is cake. I was, You know, everything, all the standards had lowered and, and it wasn't, it it was, it was just, it was a hell of a lot easier. And of course it was a lot easier 'cause I knew what what was coming. Airborne School was easy. Rip was hard. Like rip should be. I mean it was just, it was a kick in the ass. Rip should be a kick in the ass. The only thing is, is though, two of the instructors there, I had joined in in 1995. So when I came back through, they were both e sixes, e fives, and e. One was E five, one was E six. And they're like, what the hell are you doing back? Yeah. So, I mean, it was why I'd tell people that's 'cause it was, I didn't feel the, oh shit, you know, the, the nervous, You know, like, like you do when you went through hell week or you, these guys are mean.


It's like I know that dude, I could outrun him five years. Yeah. So it was, and then going back to battalion, went there, got my tab, became a team leader. And then my platoon leader found out I had my master's degree and that I'd been at battalion before. And he says, you need to become an officer son. And so I became an officer. I got my commission. No kidding you, you became an officer. Don't tell anybody. I did Not, I did not know that You would've not been invited to this show. It wasn't long lasted though because I did, I got my commission and in 2003 it was, yeah, 2003 I was going through IOBC, I'm sure Officers basic course.


I actually joined 19 Special Forces group too. So I, I stayed enlisted in the guard as I was getting, 'cause I did green to gold. I didn't go to Officer Canada School. I just had to do a year of green to gold at Creighton University. So I joined the guard 19 special forces group is where I linked up with my partner that does my vodka with me. Ben Morgan from first Ranger bat, he was on ODA 9 9 3. They brought me into ODA 9 9 3. So we were, we got to, we were friends in, we grew up in Grand Junction, but that's where we really developed a great friendship. 'cause he went to a different high school. We didn't really hung out. Gotcha. But anyway, I still had, I got my commission and I entry got it. And at the end of the course, I was standing out there at the Malone Ranges and my stomach was really hurting bad, terrible was feeling awful.


But I'd just been out the cannon the night before drinking. You know, I, I was like, it's normal shit. We're out here sweating our balls off just drinking, ate a ton of pizza. Of course I, and I, You know, I had passed gas. I let a fart go and I sharded, I chim myself. But it, the pain actually increased when that happened. So I was like, that ain't right. And I went and dropped trial and I had blood all over. Just, I had what I had blood just, I, I had, well they rushed me to Martin Hospital and I, I figured I, I had ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease and it was really bad. And I remember the, the GI doctor. Yeah. I just had blood all over the place. I had shit blood.


'cause that's what I, it when it becomes extremely inflamed for those don't know what ulcerative colitis is and all Crohn's disease, it's your lower intestines and your colon become inflamed and they just have ulcers all over 'em. It looks like you've got road rash. It's like when you, damn I am, I've, I'd had it for years. I just didn't really, You know, I didn't really notice it. 'cause it, I was going at such a high level and I think the focus was there to finish what I started that it, I wasn't gonna let anything hamper that. But it got so bad that now it was affecting my nutrients. It was affecting my energy levels because I couldn't, that's where you process all your food. That's where when you eat everything and when it's all like that, your food, it doesn't process.


It just shoots right through you. It's blood, mucus and food. And that's what was starting to happen. Wow. Yeah. I got discharged. I got discharged in 2003 and I was a kick in the balls, dude. That was my one, one time where in my life where God was, I was mad. I, or I was like, man, I wonder if God really exists. 'cause like, holy crap, I went through all this, all this. And, and I, I remember lying on that gurney looking up at him going, really? Why? What the hell? And sorry, he, he has pa God always has patience to us. See he, You know, pities us, which he always, he always pities the one that needs the most ping too was at that time was me and went home and I lost 30 pounds.


I mean, it was like ranger school all over again. I lost 30 pounds in about a week. So I couldn't eat. Were you just like completely devastated? You were bit it discharged again? Yes. 'cause it was, that wasn't the plan. The plan was, I had already, I What did you think you were gonna do? I had no idea. I, I had no idea. No idea. I was, I I didn't know my wife was there. She was very supportive. We had actually gotten married. We had got married before I went to ranger school. She's, that's how wonderful she is. We got married at a courthouse and I was off the ranger school the next week. But she was there. And what did your wife do at the time? At the time she was actually, she stayed in Omaha and she was managing Gold's Gym.


Okay. So she was a gold gym. She was just working. She had a business degree and that was, You know, I fit her. She's athletic Gold's Gym. At the time, that was when Gold's was really big. So she had a good job, You know. Yeah. So it, not that, You know, it was about 40 grand a year. That's tough for two people to live on. Couldn't do that anymore. But at that time we were okay. Yeah, we're living in an apartment and all I'm all she cares about, we're just healing. So I'm trying to find natural remedies to heal myself. I'm going to Nature store 'cause I'm on Prednisone, but prednisone is rough. So through the next year, all I'm doing is, first of all, I'm, I'm, I'm eating things and if it, if it goes right through me, I write it down, I cross, I can't eat it anymore. So I'm figuring out what I could eat my diet and then I'm taking the medication and then I'm going to, going to nature food stores, organic food stores, You know, there wasn't a Whole Foods at the time.


You had to find the little mom and pop ones and trying to find out what could I eat to start to build my body back up. 'cause I couldn't take whe protein. I couldn't do anything that was dairy related. And I just tried to build my body up for the next year. And I found this goat colostrum, which they, they don't, I wish they still made it goat milk. I could do that. And then I, I could eat corn stuff. I could eat stuff that was rice related. I could eat anything in the Bible. If it was manna, manna bread, I could eat that. For some reason it didn't, didn't disagree with me. And I built my body back up for the next year. And at the end of 2003, I got a call on the phone from Blackwater Security. Blackwater called me first.


And then 30 seconds, 30 minutes later, triple Canopy called. How did they get in? I mean, did you apply at that time? It was just word of mouth. And I remember they got ahold because one of my ranger buddies at both places were already working for him. And they had recommended my name to him. Interesting. And yeah, they were, they were good. Actually, Blackwater was a gentleman. He, he's a great guy. Brian Masini was his name and he had recommended that s Rangers. Let's give him a shot. He didn't know I was sick though either. Yeah. But they, they got my phone number 'cause he, You know, he's a friend. He had the phone number. So he's like, here it is. And they called me. And only reason was Blackwater for Blackwater's. 'cause they called me first.


And at that time they were both great organizations. You had Eric running that and it was still relatively small. And they had Lee Van Arsdale running who's a, You know, a Delta legend running Triple Canopy. It was, it was pretty good shit. And, and they Said, was it for OGA? No, that time there, there wasn't, there was Peak, it was called Polar Quest. It was just starting to come online. But at that time it was Bremmer, the Bremmer detail. What year is This? 2004. End of 2003. Beginning of 2004. So Karzai had already been going, the Cari detail was, a lot of your brothers were on, on that Cari. And they had just started to move to Iraq and they were starting to pick up guys to go on the Bremmer detail, which was gonna be the Negro Ponty detail down the line.


It was, it wasn't State Department either. It was the coalition provisional Authority. Interesting. How'd you like that? The beginning? It was great. 'cause it was like OGAI Remember showing up at GRS and everybody was talking about the Brimmer. Yeah, that was, that was the good old days. That was when it was State Department really didn't have their hand in it. So it was, it was the Wild West. I mean, that was, You know, that's where Sack started. Sacks was, he was, that's where he became really a legend over there with, in the GRS was, he was one of the original Bremmer guys Love Sacks. But anyway, yeah, that's, that's what I, and I went and I went to the first class. That's where I met Boone. Boone and I were in that first it was called a Did you work with Saks in that?


Not in the B Brimmer detail. No, no. He moved on, he was one of the first guys move over to GRS. Okay. So that Sachs was the trendsetter on, on contracting, but rightfully should be. And he's, he was just, what A great guy, man. He Was just, he is, he's, that's the one thing, he is an opera, but he's just a nice guy. I love that dude. He was, I obviously, I'm mentioning him. So he, he had an effect on my life. A positive effect. But yeah, I went there and went through the training, which was basically three weeks at MOOC of Delta Long Tavers White soft Blue Rangers and Marines fighting with each other. Oh. And it never changed throughout your entire contracting career.


Did it did. It was, dude, it was so hilarious. We didn't learn a stamp thing during that. We, we went through all the shooting, so you had to pass the shooting. But as far as the PSD stuff, we didn't learn a thing because they were just always, everybody was always fighting, arguing on tactics. Right. And then you're having the, the white, it was the white self. The, the, You know, the seal, the, the white, the vanillas, the, the, the seal teams outside of Blue, the me, they were the regular shit bag. Navy Seals, they were come wash shit. I believe. I, I rather work the vanilla guys new infantry stuff better than the blue guys. I was always said, man, you guys know your infantry shit down.


You guys had it. Mike Kane Sawbones was a guy who worked quite often. He was awesome and he hated blue. It's like, fuck that. But I, he was awesome. Bones was the man. And anyway, they're running the course. So do you think a blue guy's gonna take shit from them or Delta? And it was, I remember sitting on the bleachers week two and we're trying to do through, we're trying to learn basic formations, walking formations, diamond, You know, and then how to react to contact when then this formations and it just turned into a big argument shoving from a bunch of guys that none of 'em have done personal protection. No. And the other ones that were teaching it, it's all been assaulting. Yeah. Had been there. And the ones that were teaching it, You know, they'd been down range for what, six months?


Hey guys, we're gonna go on defense now. I know. What's that? What's that? I don't know. Figure it out and teach it. That's what it, it was. So, but it was, it was, it was awesome. 'cause it was a beautiful day. You know, it's, it's, it's early spring in North Carolina. Mooc it sun's out. It's starting to sit. I'm in the bleachers and one of the instructors come over to me, he saying it's called Sun with Shrek. He come over to me and he goes, what you smiling at for Ranger? I said, you guys are paying me because I, I hadn't made shit for a year. Yeah. You guys are paying me 250 bucks a day to sit out here in this beautiful weather, get a shoot gun. And I get to watch you guys just clown show.


This is awesome. And I'm just, I'm just unbelievable. Like, how, how lucky am I to be right here watching the shit show go on. And it was so awesome. It was wonderful. And then, you know, I finished the course. I had to go home for like two months 'cause my clearance still hadn't cleared yet and I hadn't got my clearance yet from the State department. You know, that's when we started to figure out, oh they, You know, D-O-D-N-S-A-C-I have their own clearances. Oh, I didn't know that. I thought you got one. They all, they don't cross over. So I had to wait for my State Department clearance. Got it. Went home to my wife. I said, please don't divorce me, but I'm going to Iraq. And that's when the contracting life for the next 10 years took over. Man. That was it in early days.


And it was, it was the Wild West and it was man sitting up on top of a building on Haifa Street with my ranger buddy in pigeon shit over watching one of our PSD teams watching Bradley shoot down Hyer Street, spinning the guys in their turrets they spinning because they're, that was, I still remember. That was so cool. So they, 'cause they're their gun, the gun up gunners, they're spinning. Making sure they're looking and they're not gonna get shut. 'cause Haifu was bad at that time. That was real bad. And You know, I'm ducking 'cause they don't know if I'm a good guy, but I don't want 'em to shoot me. But just, that was wonderful times, man. Driving down bop driving down Irish route. Irish at a hundred kilometers an hour.


Fucking making sure that you don't get hit on that overpass or around. There Are not a lot of people that say they've had a great time running up and down route Irish. Oh man, we did that. You're one of the few. I I loved it. Yeah. And I had an awesome team. We had a wonderful, just an awesome team. Again, another one. Just guys that just not all got along, but it just, it worked. And so for those listening that don't know about Route Irish, route Irish is most likely unanimously. Yeah. The most dangerous road in Baghdad. It, it was for a time, I mean there were other dangerous roads too. Like Haifa Street was very dangerous route. Wild when you got up to solder was pretty damn dangerous.


Yeah. And even Route 10 at some points were dangerous. And then of course, route 10 when it got into Ramma and Fallujah of course were extremely dangerous. And God bless him Ton. And, and the guys, you know, that, that, that got hung and died there, you know, You know. But Irish was always hot, always so that he was dying or getting hit on Irish. And I loved every minute of it and I had the best drivers in the world. And when you've seen, when, when you see a motorcade with three cars and they know the drivers know what they're doing. And I was very lucky enough that I moved being from the Trunk Monkey to eventually I became the team leader. So I'm on that rear vehicle making the calls and just watching drivers do their thing.


Blocking and screening at a hundred k Dude, it is beautiful man. And I just get chills thinking about it. 'cause I was like, man, it got to the point where it was like a great football team where a coach didn't need to say a thing. Everybody knew what they were doing and they just did it. It was amazing having my two left and right door gunners cracking doors. If they needed to hit somebody, they'd hit 'em. If they didn't, they didn't, you know, getting out. And even when I got to be a door gunner on the left rear, when you're going a hundred K and you gotta crack that door and you're hanging out the side, like that's almost the same as that. Hanging on the bench of a little bird as it's spanking in it's be, it's, it's wonderful man who gets to do that. Yeah. That was, that was fun times.


And we, we were up and down that thing in a two month period at one point we had to run it six times a day. What stupid It was State Department six times a day. Six times a day. You had to, you we were, whoa, we were protecting that six times a day on Route Irish. Yeah. We were protecting the Rhino bus and we got passed for that shit and six times a day and it was, we violated every security principle that you're supposed to have. Were you guys one of the crews that had the, which, which one? I don't dunno what answer. Somebody dressed up like a dinosaur. The, the bag of a truck and rode that day. No, no. That, that, that wasn't us as far as you know.


I don't No, it wasn't, it wasn't us. It wasn't us. It wasn't us. That was later down the line. It was a D Core team after that was later down. Yeah. That was down the line. It, I i it was team five I believe that did the D Core team. 'cause we would rotate with D Core on this. 'cause we were still didn't have enough people. So we would take it then they would take something. I love the D Core guys too, but no, that wasn't us. Seriously. That was the D Core team, which I wish you would've been. That was, that was some funny shit. That was hilarious. YouTube, that stuff guys. Dinosaur route Irish. But yeah, we were time and place predictable. We were a big target and we were slow everything. You did wanna be on route Irish. We were. And did you guys, we were, did you guys take contact just Sniper fire from away, You know, on right When you hit Route Irish, you had those that the where the, where the Edinburgh Risk guys got That's that famous that I say famous, that infamous video where those guys are on and there's an SF guy in there that everybody hammered because he ran and hi a little ditch.


I've not seen that. It's a, it was Edinburgh risk where where it's right at the beginning of when you, when you get outta the green zone and you start hitting around Irish, it's still Iraqi urban areas right there. And it's about 300 meters off the road. And they would sit pkms or snipers on there and they, 'cause there was also a building that had been bombed and burnt out that they put sniper fire about a hundred meters away when you're going. And so anyway, we would take every once in a while, but we got, didn't get hit with a car bomb. We got very lucky. The Dcor team that took over for us got hit the next week. So we would just take and, You know, you understand Ping. Alright, well we're good. Everybody good?


Yeah. All right. It just added to the flavor man. And, and You know, it was something to say that for the team as well, how, how awesome they were and how a good motor kid operations, if you're running it right, they're gonna hit somebody that's not doing it. Right. Yeah. And, but I do remember that it was, when we got the task to do it and I was a tl I was like, can you guys do this? Well, yeah. You know, what am I gonna say? No, of course we can do it. But I went to the team and you should have seen the looks, man. Half of 'em were stoked. The other half were like, I'm not going home. Yeah. And you're trying to keep everybody pumped up and in my head going, holy shit.


Six times a day. Just the odds. Yeah. That we're, we're gonna get hit with A-V-B-I-D-I said we can take small arms far 'cause we're gonna keep moving. We're gonna keep pushing through. Just don't stop, don't create your own kill zone. Like the Edinburg risk guys did that got hit where you get caught in a traffic jam there and then you push everybody out right and left. So you're basically, you, you, you've just given them an ambush zone. You've given 'em a big target. But we could just keep pushing. Don't worry about the rhino. It's got a much armor on it. It's the State Department armored bust that a M1 Abrams has. It's gonna be able to take a hit. Just be able to medvac 'em or get 'em outta there if it goes down. But just keep moving. And it was very, we, we just did everything right and we got lucky, You know, a lot 90% lucky Man.


So you, you, you never got blown up on Irish. Never got blown up on Irish. That is, It's like, it's a, From running six times a day time and place predictable with a huge bust as a target. I mean It was, That is incredible. It's lucky. I it is very lucky. It is. Because again, I said when Diker took over the next week, team five, they got hit the car bomb, hit him, hit the, hit the rhino right off, hit on boom. And you know, I want attribute it to that. Hey. Yeah. We were just that awesome. No, we were just Lucky. Yeah. That's luck. We Were just that lucky. But it still brought the team together. It was wonderful. Yeah, it was wonderful.


And it was very tiring days. 'cause you were distressed that shit. I'm not diminishing your team, by the way, by saying that. It's just luck. I'm just saying. No, No, but I Luck those CFPs and shit. I mean there was Well and they were, and they were starting to do drop the grenades with the little Yeah. Little shoots off the overpasses as well. No, of course. It, it, there is some, there is some. Hey, we did what we, we did what we had control of. We planned what we had to, we ran the route. Right. The motor kit operations were great. We were doing what we needed to. We kept moving. We didn't ever stop. Let me, let me say sorry. No, go ahead. I get, I get yelled at if I don't talk about these acronyms. So an EFP for the audience, an EFP is basically a bomb.


It's a, it's a plattered charge. It's a force projectile. Yeah. I wanna say, I always say, I always say electrically, but that's not right. I don't know why my head say it. It's a platter charge. They put a piece of copper on it. It's a force projectile. I always forget what the E stands for. You guys can hammer on me later about that, but it's where it goes. And then that platter of that copper turns into molten lava. So it'll go through the armor and then when it goes through it, it cools and then it becomes, it becomes a projectile hard projectile. And they were starting Yeah. Remember that. They were starting to hit us with that. And, and that was always, well they Would even put those thermal sensors on. Yeah. So when they, when they sense the heat of the engine, that's what would turn Off.


Because we were able to counter their, first of all, their wires were, we could see 'em a lot of times. Which even though you just divvy, but we're able to, with all the countermeasures, we could counter the cell phone. So that was huge. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, I, we had a buddy that next month, a guy named We man that got hit with, they got hit with EFP when they were driving the mambas around, You know, Blackwater had those white South African and it went right through that armor. Yeah. And you know, I, I always say I love we man. I love Chris. He was a great guy. He was actually our, he worked in the mail. I mean, it sounds kind of, of of a cliche, but he worked in the mail room.


He, he came in and he didn't have, he was not special ops. He worked in a small town police department. And he came in and he wanted to get on the road and we would never let him on the road. We're like, no dude, you don't qualify. Just this is where you belong right here. And finally he got out on the road and got hit with an A FP and he fucked him up. Damn man. And, but I still love him to death. But I'll be honest, I think, I think, I think, I don't wanna say wanted that because I, I would never say on anybody, but I do remember when they the, because we didn't go pick him up. The QF team that responded, they went to to, to help my team was the PSD team. And I do remember when they came back, one of the guys on the QF team kept saying, I said, did you see we man?


He goes, yeah. He goes, well was you see? He said just, he kept asking me to take a picture of him. It's like mean sometimes you get what you wish for, man, man. And yeah, I'm not, not to guess. He's, he is awesome. We and is brave and shit. He is. But be careful what you, I always, that's always a reminder to me. Be careful what you wish for. Yeah. But yeah, we did that and, and then I did another year and then I went back home and I, in between, I was instructing at Blackwater, so I was a farm and tactics instructor in between contracts. So I really, I really never went home, even when I So did You move to Mooch? No, I stayed normal. She a great job. So it was, it was one of those things where we were just apart a lot.


It was, I was gone. I, or I'd go home for a month and it was hard because my son was born, my first, my 19-year-old, he was born the first two months. I was over in, in bag my first two months on the contract. So I did come home to see his birth and then I went right back for another seven months. Damn. And then I, and, but that was, You know, at that time that's, that's what I wanted. There's nobody to blame it myself, man. What is, what is it? My whole career was pre-kids. And so, I mean, as You know, today was my Yeah. Son's first, first day of school. Congrats on your I'm so happy that he is just like, dad, I'm out, man. Because, I mean, well I was expecting like a little, You know, I'm gonna miss you.


Hold on. Mom and dad. No, he's like, I don't give a shit. I'm, I see you guys later, but, but I am, I I, I missed his first open house 'cause of a, I interviewed Trump. Yep. And otherwise there's no way I would've missed it. You gotta do what you gotta do. You gotta, But I'll tell you man, when my wife sent me pictures of my son, like with his backpack Yeah. On walking into that school, I was like, You know, and, and it just, every time I have an experience like that, I just wonder like how the, how did my buddies do it back in the day?


How, what did, how, how do you, Yeah. How do you rationalize that? Come to terms with it? I what it's like to come home. You met your son when he was a, when he, when when he was a baby, He was born. He was one, one Month and then you come back, he's seven months old Now. Today. At that time it was, it was just what it was. It was this is what I'm doing, this is what I gotta do. I'm providing for you rationalizing because this is, I'm providing for my family. Yeah. But it's also a little ego. This is what I want to do. This is what I've been, this is what I've always wanted to do. And, and You know, when I got discharged from the military, my buddies were jumping into Afghanistan. So like, I thought I missed my war.


You know how Yeah. Like, God, well no, I got my war. This is where I need to be. I'm going. And, and I did have a good time. I was enjoying it. It was wonderful. Now looking back now and experiencing, you know, getting experienced, the little kid time with my 9-year-old that I have been with him growing up, now it's, now it's hurts. And now it's like, man, damn Missed. Do you feel A, I missed, I missed him. And we had to, we had to coming to Jesus when he was 16 because we didn't know each other. And even when I was home as a contractor, you don't get, there's no decompression. Yeah. There's no demo. You're off a plane, a commercial jet, and you're going home and it takes about 30 days just to get your head right.


You don't, you're not home and then you have 30 days of downtime and then you're back out again. So that's why I think it was even easier for me, just, I think maybe that was a defense mechanism for me. I don't wanna go home and be angry and just, just lemme keep working. That's, and I'd go back and continue to instruct it. Mooc and I wouldn't go home for more than a couple weeks or I'd fly them out to me, it was good. It, it, at that time it wasn't hard because I thought we were doing it for something bigger than, You know, it was patriotism. They attacked us. We're now looking back. I'm like, man, gosh, I miss that. I would've enjoyed being a father then. And luckily for us, him and I are very close now.


I'm happy to hear that. Yeah. But it, so we, we were able to come to terms, same with my daughter too. What Did that, what did that, I mean, did it come to a head and there was a conversation? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. When he was 16. What, what was that conversation? We, my wife and I had reconciled, you know, we were back together. You know, we, we, it was 2000, I'm sorry, not when he was 16. So it was right on the year of 2018 where I got my shit together. And him and her and I back together and we're out at a family dinner and we're out at Olive Garden in Council Bluffs, Iowa. I remember it vividly. And you know, my little guy, I'm be able to be a father with him. Even though I'm speaking and I'm not, I'm starting to whittle the speaking down. I'm starting to be home a lot more.


You know, I'm hugging all over him. The stuff I really didn't do with the other two, because I was just so detached when I was home, it was, I wanted to, but I didn't know how. I mean, it really was because I wasn't always there. My, my brain was sandbox Afghanistan. Brain's, half brain's there, half brain's family. Where now my brain is all there with the family. And my little guy did something and I, I, I'm sorry, I can't say it. My, my wife, well, You know, many people know, but I just, my wife, it's all good. My little guy, peanut, he, all my kids have call signs Peanut.


He does something that the other two at Olive Garden, he's doing something, he's having, starting to get angry, have a tantrum. 'cause he got those little games there at Wall of Garden. You can play on the little monitors. In the past when those ki when my, when my other two, Kiki and Bubba, when they were growing up, I'd get angry, just lose it. 'cause I was back home, lost the handle. I'm not getting mad at 'em. I'm actually being a dad. You know, I'm actually, I mean, I'm being disciplined, but I'm having some patience. He, he looked at me and it killed me, dude. It did. He looked at me, he goes, why don't you get mad at him? Like, you used to get mad at me. Like, and it was like, whoa. I mean, it's serious knife in the chest.


And I didn't have an answer. I couldn't tell him it was because of the war. It's because of Iraq. I mean, that's an excuse kind of, he's not gonna understand that. And that was where I realized that he was angry with me for being gone for many years. And Kiki, my daughter, same way because I was, he, my little guy, peanut got treated a lot better. A lot less hand spanking on the bottoms or whatever than the other two. And that's attributed to my mind state being coming back.


'cause You know, you come back and you have that excuse, man, what are you guys crying about? You see this little Iraqi kid, he's on the street. You didn't have nothing to eat and you're trying to compare the two, You know, but it's completely different. But that's how I'm coming back. That's my rationalization. I may be yelling at you, but you could have it a lot worse. And a lot of guys, a lot of fathers now are realizing that because we're comparing their lives to these Afghani, the Afghani that's walking down the street carrying water up a five miles up a hill or You know, or this, or the kids that are caught in a crossfire because, or car bomb goes off and it blows up a busload of kids going to school. You know, we're trying to compare that. Yeah. And they don't understand that.


And that's not a fair comparison, but that's how I was until I was finally home more and able to come to terms with what was going on over there. That, that was a life. But now my life is as a father here. And my actions were completely different with my younger son than it was with the other two. And I didn't realize it until he said that. How did you reconcile this became a present hug on him more Love him more. I, I told him, I said when he pushed away from me, give him his space, but then come back and just be, Hey, are you okay son? I love you man. Or even now that, and with the Adventist cell phones, that's one positive is that I can just always, I love you Bubba.


And even if I get back, yeah, because he's a teenager. He knows, and You know how I know we reconciled because his junior year, he was his athlete as well. When he played basketball, he played football his freshman and sophomore year. But he had three concussions. So I pulled him out, I said, no more. You're done with football. Play something else. He loves soccer. Anyway, so he went to soccer, he changed his number to 13. I was like, no way. I went to a game and my, I was, You know, my wife Tanya was sitting there, I says, is that, oh shit, I said his name. Sorry, is that bub it? Thank you. I said, is that Bubba? And she goes, yeah. He goes, he's number 13.


She goes, yeah. And that's when I knew that he'd finally forgiven me. And we are very close now. Yeah. I love, I love that boy to death. And he is just a good kid. His mom raised, I mean, he is, he was, he's nothing like me. He doesn't drink. He went to school. He had a soccer scholarship to go play at Northwestern College there. It's a Christian school in Iowa. And he's up there and I thought it'd be all right. And he's like, dad, I don't, I I I don't do any, all the guys go to go to Sioux Falls and drink. And they, and I, he goes, I don't do that. He goes, I go, well then come home and you have a track scholarship to the small college in college in Kansas. Write that coach up and tell him you wanna come in.


That's what he did. So he was, he was wonderful, man. He's just, how about your daughter? She's headstrong, man. But now that she, we're starting to, we're starting to get better because it's, it's the daughter's way. Different little boys. You know, boys, you can be a little firmer. Girls. You, you, you don't really want to, in my opinion, you don't because you don't want 'em falling in with a man that, that bosses him around. But you, you also, You know, she's still your daughter. She got a discipline. So what do I do, mama, handle this. But it came to a point to where, yeah. And my daughter's, as far as her outspokenness is like me, my oldest son, he's not, You know, he's very, very, very quiet.


He's strong. But he's, he, You know, he doesn't argue back. He doesn't, he, he, he knows. He's like, I got, he goes, I got it. I'll fix it. My daughter, she's gonna argue, argue, argue, argue. And there were times where we would be, yeah. We'd be yelling at each other. Like, 'cause the disrespect that was there. And my wife finally said, I, she goes, just let me, let me, let me handle it. And this was a couple years ago. And so done. You just default to my wife, who, who, and my daughter responds better to her mom. And it, a lot of it has to do with me being gone a lot. But now we're, we're, no, we're getting back again. We're, we're, we're, we're reconciling.


And we're at a point where, and she's not very, I I think she got, she's not very affectionate. She doesn't like the hugs and the, and the kisses like my little guy does. And my oldest son, he'll let, I said, I'm gonna hug you till you're 40 till you're 50 years old. Sons, they like it. You know what I mean? My son doesn't hug back, but he lets me, she's, she doesn't like it. She doesn't. And I, I think a lot of that has to do with, you know, her growing up and me and her mom, You know, sometimes having some issues. We got divorced at one point and me being an angry, angry man coming back from deployments. But she knows I love her. And You know, there was an issue at her school that I love it.


She wrote a letter to the school saying how she had a problem with one of the, one of the dress code issues. I'm like, heck yeah. And I remember I called, I said, I got your back darling. 'cause I believe you. I said, and I know you are doing the right thing. And that's what I love because that is something honcho would do, like selling, telling Pete Seth that you're gonna choke out a former president. Hey, she got her opinion. Hell yeah, I got you. And I called her and she was, she, You know, so it's, it's a lot of times where I'll tell her I love her. I love you, Donna. Yeah. Dad, I, I love you. I love you too. 'cause I called her, I said, you write what you want, You know, I got your back.


Tell him how you feel. I said, I love you. And she goes, I love you too, dad. And that was actually just last week. Good for you, man. So it, it just, it's being a father, man, you, you just have to figure it out. And there are, it's okay to be a disciplinarian. There's nothing wrong with that. But you also, your kids are all different. And for us, that deployed, we do have to relearn. We have to change ourselves. You know, the Warriors don't retire like Ron said, and I know we put it in the movie, but he said that. But it's the truth. But we don't ever retire. But we can't be a warrior at home all the time. You can be a dad and, but you have to figure out a way how to reach your kids. And, and luckily for me, my kids are smarter than me. So they would maybe not tell me, but they would say things where I was astute enough to pick it up like my son or like my daughter.


And they don't always have to say they love you, just in an action. Like my son wearing number 13. I just, You know, right. Then I was like, he, he, he, he, he get, he, he forgives me. He's, we're good. And we have been perfect since, and I'm happy to hear that. Ah, thanks Man. That's pretty much. Well, Chris, let's, let's take a quick break. Yeah. When we come back, we will get into how you got into the OGA contract. You Got it, brother? Yeah. Perfect.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits, like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite. That's Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite.


Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through, and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. All right, Chris, we're back from the break. Yeah. And we just went through a small portion of your career. Well, I guess not a small portion. We went through A portion. I, it's, it's of my life. Small portion of my life, let's put it that way. But now we're getting ready to get into how you got picked up for Yeah. OGA.


That was, You know, again, I, I, and I keep referring this God's path. The Lord works mysterious ways. It really, it wasn't anything I wanted to do. I was doing fine doing, I was working with the Blackwater, doing State Department stuff, but then also I was working with the Graystone, which was Eric's, he was trying to make like, kind of an executive outcome, sort of, but it was Graystone, so it was still Blackwater, but it was like a little offshoot. We would go down what's Executive outcomes? That was the old South African PMC, where it was really a PMC mercenaries where, oh, That was like the beer shed. Yeah. That was where they were going. And actually getting hired by governments to take down terrorist organizations or, or actually do direct action missions.


That wasn't the DeBeers shit. Wasn't The DeBeers shit. No, this is, this was the old And you Real mercenaries. Yes. The re the where the term mercenary. I always say, well, the term mercenaries back in the, yeah. Beginning of time. But that was where the government stopped in and said, we gotta stop doing this. Because there were 60 South African, You know, those guys were 60 South African strong of former military, and they were taken out huge armies at the behest of some of the African governments. Read about 'em. It was pretty interesting stuff. They were, they were bad asses. What is This called Again? They were called executive outcomes. How the hell do I not know about this? I know, that's why I'm surprised too, man. That's, that's a big deal. That's like, I'm a dumb ass.


Sometimes you, you'll, I don't know if anybody's still alive from any of those. You, You know, it was early, long, seventies, eighties, I think it was. But anyway, Graystone was supposed to be, Eric's kind of like a offshoot of that. So it was Blackwater, but we were called Graystone. But what were, I Didn't know Graystone either. Yeah. Yeah, dude, I got left in the dark, so I, it was very small and it just lasted. But it was, Eric wanted to keep that, Was it the agency Stuff? No, it was private stuff. We were going on South America and training local South Americans to go and protect bases overseas. So protect black water bases more. So instead of using an eese, the gir gir, you know, the, we were trying to, alright, Hold on, let's go, let's talk about Greystone.


I've had Eric on here three separate times. We have not talked about Greystone. It Was, I I, I don't think it lasted very long. It was very small. It really was more training going down there and vetting locals that we could use from South America, Central America. So I went to Peru and El Salvador, and then we all said teams going to Columbia. And it wasn't anything nefarious. It's not like we were going down there and starting to execute. We, we weren't pulling, we weren't pulling inks, let's put it that way. We weren't doing that. And we were, we were, we were going down there to train and then working with the four de especial and helping them train a little bit.


So it was like a fi mission. Okay. Was it really was. But it, I think Eric wanted to get to a point where it was like its own self-sustaining army. Gotcha. But it just never morphed into that, because then state, You know, that's when those times is when state departments started to take over high threat, the CPA, now it was high threat protection. Then it went to that whips worldwide personal protective and State Department getting their hands in. And that's when the microscopes started going up. Erics Yeah. Kester where they were trying to come at him for stuff because they, and whatever I like Eric, I, I protected his family in between contracts. I'd go to Tyson's Corner and You know, I'd go run with him in the morning. 'cause I was the only guy that could, he was, he was a beast.


Dude was physically, I could run with him in the morning and I'd go take his kids to school. 'cause that code pink, that liberal terrorist, crazy women group was always threatening him. So we had a team that would help him. And I was on that as well. I was the detail leader for that. But anyway, we did that. And I gotta go someone in South America in between contracts. So I was State department and then do you wanna go Graystone? You wanna go to South America? Hell yeah. So we went to PE Peru. Went to San Salvador, went to Lima, Peru. And it was fun. It was, it was a good time. Again, my Spanish comes back, so I don't really feel like it's a deployment to me. You know, it's, and ate some good food. Went to a couple spin classes there in Lima, You know, Shakira on bikes in spandex, what can go, You know what, anyway, anyway, it was a great, and then it was, and then the training too, you know, and, and, and go working with the Forza Day.


Especial, especially in El Salvador was pretty cool. But then I came back and I was still teaching high threat protection, getting ready to do another contract. And Marty Strong, he Seal Lieutenant, great guy. He's written a few books himself. But Greg Guy, he was one of the program managers on the Blackwater contract, the state department contract. And Randy Leonard was running, starting to run the OGA side house. We call it the victory. We call it victory program. And a OB Army of Blackwater program, which was the static CAA guys, the base security guys. Marty comes to me and says, Hey, you wanna go work OGA and like Marty, man, I'm State Department and I thought the requirements were still like eight years or nine years.


Spec ops. I only had six. So I was like, I don't qualify. And it was six. But I, he, he goes, you qualify. I go, all right. Because I was jogging in woc. I lived out in the back at the PTC, the private training center, which was out. So I was jogging one day and he was driving home and that's when he, he yelled out his window. He goes, you wanna go do OGA? I was like, mine, I don't qualify and I'm still trying to run. He goes, you qualify. All right, sure. Put my name in the hat. And then the next day Randy came and there was seven of us instructors that had been working contracts. And there was the Victory program, which we ran to get guys certified for OGA. It was, it was easy.


It wasn't anything tough, to be quite honest with you. We're coming back and I remember, You know, we're, we're getting done training. We're teaching a class for the day to send guys over on the WIPs contract. I was doing the high threat protection side of the house on that side. And he pulls all these guys and, and what get these are all, these are all tough guys, man. All pipe hitters, right? Cool. Yeah. Everything I can do anything. And Randy comes in and TDC had gotten a name for itself. It was hard. People fail. A lot of people were failing. And so Randy comes in and there's seven of us. He goes, we have a slot for TDC. Who wants to go? It was crickets. All these pipe hitters, man. Everybody's, look, You know what, looking somebody say something.


And I was like, fuck it, I'll go. I was like, I'll do it. And it was like everybody went, ha. 'cause if he one of us didn't volunteer, Randy was gonna pick one. And You know, if you, if you don't pass it, well then you may be, it'll come back on whips. But you're never working. It was, it was, it was literally pass or fail. You pass if you fail. Never OGA ever again, for those listening, OGA stands for other government agencies. So we weren't calling it, we're getting into the intelligence. Well, didn't intelligence stuff. Yeah, the clowns in action we're getting into the clowns in action. True, true. But we didn't call it GRS. I didn't know what that was called. I didn't know it was GRS. You know, we, he said OGA, which I knew what it was, but it wasn't called JRS at that time.


If it was, it wasn't, that wasn't the term used around the head shed there. Yeah. So I say I did, and Randy says, okay, we need to get you spun up. And he brought in Dan Simpson, dirty Dan, one of the original makers of TDC with Randy. They, they, I mean, they started with Dan, another Dan, he started JIRAs great guy. I wish remember his last name. I can't. But it's probably better. You don't, don't, yeah, you're right. Even though he is pro, well, he left and started Sen Hunter Group, which was, oh, maybe different guy. So he, he's a, but no worries. Anyway, he goes, we need to get you spun up. And if you're a ranger and seals, you guys use pistols.


Sf, they get good at pistols, Rangers, we get a pistol. We're thrown in a ruck sack. We don't shoot this. Like, I mean, we're RIFing a machine. We can, that's our thing. Rifles, machine guns, Gustafs, that's our thing. And Randy goes, get out there. I need to start training. And at the time too, I wasn't using broom handles, which Oh shit. You know, and because we don't, that wasn't, you guys did Blue, blue and, and White Soft did a broom handle is a forward grip. Forward grip that goes on the front of an AR 15. That wasn't a thing. High Readies or M four. M four what? M four AR 15 S-B-R-P-D-W whatever you Yeah. You get all you gun porn. People can can call it whatever you want.


They figure it out. Yeah, exactly. But I remember, and, and I never, we never did high ready. That wasn't a thing. It was low ready, low carry, low carry, low ready. So that's ranger, right. You gotta teach you high ready. So I get out there with Dan, the high ready actually came pretty natural. The broom handle I love, like, man, where did, why am I not been using that thing? And it was this, I used the Dieter, I like the dieter for the, for grip, the CQ D four grip. It was excellent. It was perfect. Fit my hand, right? And so I got the rifle stuff down. That was pretty quick. The pistol, geez. Ah, I mean I could pass the State Department call the pistol, which is a joke.


The TDC pistol was not a joke. That was like, whoa, how am I gonna do this? I, there's, and we worked on that continually for about a week. And then it was like, you're gone. Go see ya. And we went, my TDC course was held in Danville, not Danville. ITI, that's where it started. The, the racetrack, the, the out there. ITI What's, what is that West Point? Maryland? I don't remember. It's, it was called ITI It's, it's in Virginia. It's in Virginia. Yeah. It, but we did it there. Went there, You know, did the PT test easy? I mean like, actually I'm running five minute miles. It's nothing. I think I ran that whatever it was in nine minutes where you had to run a half mile, carry the body, run back.


I mean I was just, it it, I I was very blessed. I've been blessed with good Aztec running jeans, the rifle park. I mean it was tough. It was challenging. I wouldn't say it was easy. It was challenge. No, it's tough. It was the, the time standards, they're, they're tough. Got through that. The night stuff again, we use night shift. I, so I was used to infrared lasers. I was used to, I was. So it was awesome to actually not have a 14 of Cyclops on. And it wasn't the fifteens we were using that time. There were 20 threes. They were a little bit bigger. Oh damn. Those old school. Those old school ones. It was real heavy. But it still was alright. I getting used to it because we had stronger necks back then. We were tougher back then.


The vehicle stuff was piece of, it was just tactics. It was battle drill one alpha man react contract, brake contract. You know, it was from battle drill squad attack, battle drill one alpha. And then you're either brake contract or you flank or, and it was, the vehicle attacks were pretty simple. It was just bounding often sex. It was infantry and house stuff. No problem. Don't flag your buddy. The high ready eliminates that, which made it a lot easier. And just get on your target. Think this, that's where I started. This needs to start kicking in more than this. More than the shooting the chess game. Be three steps ahead of your enemy. If you're racing towards your gun, you're already screwed.


You, you've screwed yourself. That's why I don't get into the YouTube. Let's go fast. Fast. 'cause if you have to go fast, you fucked up somewhere. And that was what was t that's what Randy really Dev grew Randy Seal team, horse cock, Randy call, You know where Holocaust side came. He really harped into that with me, along with my platoon Sergeant Randy Battalion, which I didn't really start to put together till TDC be three steps ahead so you don't have to react fast. It's a chess game. And we had a MI five and MI six guys trained in there too. They were part of our vetting team too. They were, and for some reason, I don't know if this was your, every MI five, MI six guy I met was either named Mick or Mo.


We had a Mick and we had a MO go up standard issue call signup. But they were, one was at s Bubs guy, the other one was a Royal Marine that went to SAS. And they were a part of our instructing cadre too. Okay. And they were, those guys think that, I mean, it's fine fix and then eliminate, but they're always thinking. And that's the it. So it really became now where things started to slow down. You know, you're adrenaline, fire breathing, let's kick through that door. That's actually where I started. Hey, take a breath. Let's start to slow it down Ranger. Right. Be aggressive. We need to then bring it down. And it, it really, it just started to all make sense. So the room clearing was actually, it was great. It was, it's like, man, I'm getting this.


I'm, I'm actually becoming an operator here. You know? And it, You know, it only took 10 years. But I'm there. I'm getting there. And the pistol though, I was so worried. Went on, did the pistol and you get, I don't remember, was it two tries? You get, You know, you do practices. They have us do some practice runs through. So it's not like they put you on their cold, you practicing. This has changed. And I, I, I don't rem because we got, we had a day of practice. Practice runs. Yeah. Or that morning. And then they said, okay, qual, we went out and qued, I, I belied the head, alright, you get one alibi.


And I went and I, the body was fine. I was making the times I couldn't hit the head. 'cause I, I, my grip was, I just didn't have the right grip. I didn't have the mechanics. I was really, 'cause I didn't shoot a pistol a ton at Range Battalion. We just didn't do it. Yeah. So I mean, out there, and I mean luckily for me, fundamentals are, fundamentals are fundamentals. So I'm trying to find the front side, trying to do whatever and do it within that timeframe. Which the one that got the, the one that was getting me was the two to the body. And then you have to, You know, you start at the 10 and you have to run at the two and put one in the head. So it's like go draw, you run and you have to put two the body, then you have to run down to the five, or it was the seven.


And then you gotta put one in the head within, like was I, it was stupid. It was like three seconds or something like that. I Think these were different calls number. They might be different now. They might be. And I still got my quals. If you ever want me to send them to you. I, I've still got those quals. 'cause I used to teach the course after. Yeah, I got your, so I've still got those stuff. I got 'em too. And they may, I'd like to see what you have. So I, I mean I can always use more training material, man. I love a quas. But it was, that was getting me, I could get the body and then you had to run fast down to the three and it was like 10 to the three, or no, I'm sorry. 10. Yeah, it was 10 to the three. I'd have to look guys, forgive me guys. As you guys all know, I'll, we'll maybe I'll, I'll send that. We'll put it line.


But it was, it wasn't ungodly. It was tough. And I kept blowing the, blowing the headshot because you did that twice. And if you didn't get in that, the, the A box, both times it didn't matter. You failed. Yeah. You could get everybody shot in the world, but you had to hit a box not outside yet. And Basically what he is talking about is there's a slap that we call the credit card. Credit card and the head, the Prefrontal cortex lobe. Right. The eyes. And, but it, it's, so If you miss, if you hit outside of the credit card, you're, You're, you're done. You're done. It's, it's on those ips I targets the I-S-P-C-I-I-P-S-C targets.


And the last one I got, I didn't do anything different. I just got lucky as shit. Body was fine physically. I was fine. I was fast still, still could run fast. I got there. So my job is, okay, get there, get those bodies out, you're gonna hit 'em. 'cause they're easy, You know, all you do is A or B, which is here or here. That's a big spot from 10 yards. That's, that's not hard to do. Especially if you've been shooting a lot. Probably couldn't do it now, but no much back then. But, and then use my speed and run as fast as I could so I could get a stable position and then just pray. So it was run like this and pray.


And I did it. Got it. Nice. And I, and I got it. I hit the first one center and I broke the line on this. Break the line. It counts. Yeah. And it was like, oh, ah. And that was it. I made it GRS and went back. And it was a good feeling because you weren't looking down at guy, but it was like Yeah. 'cause not many guys had passed TDC. We lost half the course that we had. Yeah. And all of them were ranger seals. We had 1D Boy and SF and we, we had 10 guys. Five pass, five fail. Yeah. And it, and yeah. Went back and they said, where do you want to go? I said, I don't care.


And I, they sent my first trip. I went to the secondary, went to Afghanistan, went to Kabul. And that was the end of oh five, beginning of oh six. Man, I Forgot. We called it the secondary, The second I remember the main and the secondary. What, when did you realize that the OGA contract was for CIA At TDC At T. They told you? Yeah, they, well, yeah. 'cause they would sit us down and they would tell us. And afterwards, Or during the course, during The course, during the course, we, we would, we would know. And Randy, Randy started the program. He'd been agency for a while. Gotcha. We knew, I mean, he didn't have to, it was, Hey guys, this is GA wink, wink.


You know, we, we knew, yeah. It wasn't, but officially when we got there, because it was a, it was a cordon off training area. It was like a private training area where Yeah. There were no outsiders. This is what, a private Training area within a private training area. Yeah, exactly. So, So we were at the same spot all the way in the back. Yep. Yep. And so I, so that, that's when I knew. And, and what I was so cool about is that the teams, that was the, the, for me, the pay was better. It was, it was great. It was great pay. Great. And I, we weren't getting paid well before, but it was still great. But the, the smaller teams was cool to me. I thought that was neat being you and a buddy and that's it.


Yeah. And you're out there on your own. And then sometimes you're out on your own, on your own, on your own. Where I did a lot walking within the cities on my own, which was awesome. I'd love that. Finally, where Was your first deployment? Cobble Arian Cobble and I, when I grow this out, I can blend pretty good. Not that I wear Shama esis, but I could look like a business. You know, like you, you don't have to draw on the man, wear the man jammies. There's a lot of government workers out there. Yeah. You know, just wear what they're wearing. They were buttoned down shirts, man. And in the wintertime they wear long coats. And you could buy one off at the park down by the movie theater, You know? Right. Where the, not the Serena Hotel, that's the one that got hit.


But there's that other hotel downtown that they had that park and you could just go buy stuff. And I would, I'd stop and I'd buy local stuff. Throw it on. Yeah. You know, just make sure you delau delau, you can smell a little bit. But it worked. And, and I loved walking on my own, like, and Sacks, he trusted me. Or maybe he just thought, well, he's expendable. What? I don't know a sad extent, but he like Gaton. He's like, do you want to go for a walk? And I love doing that. A lot of guys didn't. And I get it, man. I mean, when you're a white dude tatted up down to here and you eat well and you're always buffed out, you're not gonna blend very well. Yeah, I get that. It wasn't that they were afraid, it's just they didn't blend. I'm a little guy.


I'm, I have a, I have a brown complexion, You know, I know how to handle myself. And I wanted to. And so I got, man, I went to the MA market walking. It was like Indiana Jones. I gotta walk in some of those alleyways. It was, I, I have pictures of it now. Sometimes I'll post them. It was, it was where I was acting and I was walking with a CI case officer. We were back there doing a recon, just seeing. And I think, honestly, I think she just wanted to go back there to see. It was cool. And this was, I threw an MP five in a computer bag and my Gen Glock 19 on me. I wore just local. I wore just what they were.


I wore khakis and a button down shirt. And we went back, it was by CNN Circle. It was back like by the soccer field where you go across the river and the Maori markets where the river was. And then if you come out the back, the front side, it's where that two story mosques, their, their famous mosque is, well, if you get down on the market in the river, there's the river here. And then you see people walking to shop and there's whole other shopping alleyways through that. And you have to find your way in there. It was so cool. You just walk in and it's like, it is like the movies. It's like this tight alleyway. And then you get through it and a whole other world of shopping opens up. You've got spices, you've got fighting quails that are about this big.


You've got non everywhere and there's people being crazy everywhere. There's just, I'm not crazy, but just, it's just people shopping. Yeah. Afghani shop. And you've got police. I remember walking in one and you do have a lot of shit and a lot of trash piled up on us because, You know, the open sewers and so forth. I remember walking with right out this right left alley and there was this police officer with a, a blackjack beating sticks. He was beating the shit outta some Afghani, just whooping the back of his legs, like just disciplining him. And I remember walking and we did have a local guy. So that was abl that was, You know, it was a plus. I have a local Afghani with us, so he's with us.


And I said, what, what the hell man? He's beating the shit outta him. And You know, first instinct as an American is to step in. I gotta stop this. No, no, no. Let it, it's Afghan. Let it go. What what they would do is, is when they would go shopping, they'd hire guys to pull those, you see guys carrying, pulling donkey carts around. That was for people that didn't want to carry all their supplies back to their vehicles or their home. They'd hire these guys to put in the donkey cart and they'd walk 'em the, the like, kinda like a little tts, I guess you'd call Donkey cart is a better explanation. Little, little little pole wheelbarrows. I said, why is he kicking the shit out of him there? And he goes, he was parked his donkey cart in the wrong spot.


It's like, there's Afghanistan for you. Yeah. But it was, it just, it was fun because I got to, I wasn't on a military base, You know, I wasn't always being a DA guy. I was, I was getting out and doing surveillance and counter surveillance and just getting atmospherics. And that was fun. That was so cool. And getting to experience the food and hanging with the locals a little bit. And, and it, it was, it was awesome. That first trip and it, all the trips after were awesome because after I would do a couple of those and Sacks and the agency found out I was a guy that could, they could rely on to do that. I, they'd send me out to do a lot of stuff. I'd go out in the Ian district and they said, can you go take pictures of this apartment building?


We think there's a government worker that's part of the Taliban. And I'd go, yeah, sure. And we'd set it up. So I'd have Kief around great guys I could trust. Like Popeye was one, Sach's was another, you know, Otto Marine buddy that runs Photo Defense. He was a Jes guy. So they'd be close by. They'd be orbiting the area. So if I was 9 1 1, dude, I'm getting wrapped up, come help me. But I could go out there and I, they just let me go and I would just walk around the city. It was fun. I loved it. Yeah. I, that was the job on GRS that I loved. But that was, anyway, that was the beginning of GRS was right there where I got the taste.


And that's where the bug got me. It was, it wasn't even the protection, it was that, holy crap, I have freedom to actually get to know these cities and see the stuff that I only saw in movies and National Geographic. Yeah. It was awesome. Those were good times. Yeah. Yeah. Those were good times for the most part. For the most part. Just dealing with the, and then you have to come back to the, to the agency and put with the bullshit or, or go, you know, try to stay clear of the T bar so somebody's getting in a fight or drinking too much. You weren't a tally bar guy. I would went in there a couple times, but I wasn't a big drinker.


Nah, I wasn't, it just, it was too much drama. Yeah, it was drama or You know, some, a lot of drama. Lot of drama. Bar of just stay away from there. And you know, a lot of women, the women that were there, you know it, a lot of Things happened on that pool table. Yeah. Now you said it. I didn't, I didn't but it, it was too much drama and it was just, You know, it was just alpha women, alpha males and females. And No, I always said I was my best person when I was overseas. 'cause I focused on the job. I had fun. Yeah. Gyms were good. There always was a gym. I could always work out. I had no problem running around the Arian. I loved running even though, oh, you're getting all that crap in your lungs.


Well I'm getting the crap in my lungs in the gym with the, with the little, with the little, it's mini splits, You know? Yeah. So I loved it. And that first trip was all first, seven, eight months was off and on to the cob. That's where I went. It kept going, kept going, kept going. It was fun. And I had a great time. Where was your favorite place to work? Had the G go G go by far. 'cause all the ops were at night. So you could sleep all day. Favorite place in Afghanistan or favorite place? Favorite place for me was Gecko. No shit. Yeah. I did love it. I love Kandahar and I love, I gotta do a lot of flyaways there. A lot of l Ls hadn't spun up yet. So we were sitting up Los Cagar and spin those places were still, they were thinking about setting them up.


So we were doing a lot of flyaways and landing in the middle of the night in a soccer field running off the back of a hot of a hip, which I hated flying those things. I felt like I was flying in a death trap. 'cause You know how slow they, it's just, but landing in a soccer field in the middle of the night, having the local guard force come pick you up. Then you'd go stay in a bombed out building with some ratty old blankets and with, but you'd go with your Canada, our security force too. So we'd always take guys with us. And I, I got real close to 'em and I was also part, I was also, I in charge of the training, so Okay. We, I'd run the training with the locals too, with our local QSF guys, You know, and the local guys that worked with us.


So that was fun. So I, I, You know, I'd go over there and even though there was a language barrier, I'd go in there with their co with their head guy and we, I'd drink chai and we'd just sit and we'd try to communicate. And it was fun. I, I enjoyed it. Played soccer on that rocky soccer field where PT was, I remember PJ whenever he get, I don't wanna say his name, but he broke his ankle out there 'cause there was just rocks everywhere, You know. And then we'd run up Gecko, you know, run up the mountain, do PT in the morning. And it was just, it was, it was awesome. It, and we had a great team there. No, the team was that team rivaled, the Benghazi team. That was one of the best teams where everybody got along myself.


Curly the to, we had the rebel. He was awesome. One of the best ts again, another guy that qualified if he was a contractor, but he became a staffer. One the good staffers, curly ex Bixler Joseph who passed away in a motorcycle accident, You know, the following year. He just, he got hit while he was driving his motorcycle too fast. And Mushroom, who was a old force recon Marine, old Marine, who doesn't like an old, old Cresty Marine great guy. And then Joe Dirt, Joe's the Joe Zark, Joe Di dte, but Dirt Joe Dirt, 10 Special Forces group guy. And everybody just got along.


It was wonderful. It was just, and everybody, it was one of those again, teams were, it could go out and do stuff and nobody really needed to say anything. And you didn't even work together. You just, everybody just knew what everybody was gonna do. Yeah. And you just roll out. And I loved it. 'cause it was all at night and going out and wrapping up guys at night was fun. I mean, we didn't, it was hot so we didn't get a lot of ops. It wasn't like you guys, where you guys were constantly going and, but when it was, it was fun. Yeah. And it was like, and then at that time too is when also when we lost Jeremy Wise and we lost South side at Coast. So, You know, so that's when the tactics changed too. Or the, the, the mo the, the standards operating procedures changed where we had to search people that were actually coming in.


They wouldn't just let 'em on the base because, You know, if, for those that don't know, I don't think the movie's that great, but I do like that scene actually is pretty, pretty good. Was Zero Dark 30 where they showed what happened where the CCIA chief of base let the double agent on too, too, too far and blew up. That's, that was accurate. That, yeah, that was south side. That was Jeremy Doc Wyatt didn't die. He came to Trip E later, but he was one of the ones that injured and they lost that real good targeter. But that's what we had to do as well. And I, there was one, I remember there was a defining moment for me there of how to handle.


'cause we would, we'd have Taliban people coming on or we'd go grab 'em and we'd have to bring him in and we'd search him again there on a facility outside. And X was hardcore seal. He wanted to kill every, I loved him not, but he just was me. He the nicest guy to us. But Taliban, I don't care who you are, you do what I tell you to do, you do it now, I'm gonna slam you. And we brought this Taliban guy in and we were searching him. He wouldn't let us search him. But we're outta out facility. So I, it's so if anybody gets blown up, it's gonna be us. You know? I say we're expendable. It's all right. Well, he wouldn't let him. I remember. And it was, he was trying to search him and that we had the Afghan, we had one of our interpreters there.


And, and I'm trying to play good cop. We're trying like a good cop, bad cop. I'm trying to be the nice guy. And X is grabbing him and trying to get him to do what we're telling him to do. And he was just fighting it. He's tall, he's fighting it. And I, I go said, what's going on man? What, why is he not letting him search him? Is he hiding something? Is there a bomb here? 'cause now my spider senses are going up 'cause I think he's gonna blow us up. And he goes, no, no, he's, he says it's 'cause he's got his Koran in his top pocket. He's got it in his camis up here. Like, and I, I always carried my pocket Bible. You know the little green ones we get going down page. Yeah. The New Testament. I had one here. I always carried it every day. I pulled that outta my pocket. I said, here, you give this to him and you tell him he can touch it.


We're saying, God, I believe in God. I respect his God. He respects my God. We're good to go. And I said, you say that and you always said, You know what the interpreter is. I said, you say that exactly how I said it. Don't change it. Don't try to change the words. You say it just like that. And he did it in, in Pashtu. And the Taliban guy stopped fighting. He looked at me and he says, okay. He, I said, him shook his head. I said, I go, so we good, we cool. He goes, yeah, we're cool. And he let me search him. And I was like, man, You know what, the little diplomatic relations but also the religious side, man, God is God.


I don't wanna disrespect your God. You don't disrespect my God we have to search you. I said, tell him and I did tell him this, that we tell him we have to search him 'cause I don't want him killing me with a bomb. And he said it and we searched him. Now X was in all his rights to throw that guy around and believe me, I wanted to as well. He Taliban man. Yeah. But there's gotta be more way to remedy this than just throwing his ass around and all of us getting scuffed up a little bit. 'cause nobody and Roadhouse and Patrick Swayze, the great philosopher Patrick Swayze said, no one wins a fight. And he's right. Somebody, all of us are gonna get scuffed up a little bit.


We're gonna win 'cause we're gonna throw 'em down. But somebody's gonna get scratch, somebody's gonna get beat, somebody's gonna get hurt. You know, screw it. Can, let's try to do this. Be the nice guy first. And it worked. And he gave us good info. And case officers were very happy with us because they didn't get a belligerent guy trying to give information. He, he gave up. At least that's what they said. I didn't get into it. But that was Kandahar and that was how Kandahar was for me because it just, it it, the team fit the work fit. I enjoyed going out at night. I enjoyed that. It was very hot. You know, guys were getting, or you had, I dunno if you talked about, but you had Bradley on Don Lucky, You know, he got massive car bomb there.


Yeah. When you were with the teams. I mean, that was, that was Kandahar. Yeah. But then also, I love that we got a punch out all over in the Laka Garden and Hellman, the Hellman Province in the Kandahar province. And we got her fly and yeah, do cloak. It really felt like cloak and dagger type shit. It was really cool. Yeah. That was a good place to work. It was. It was. Let's move into, let's move into Libya. Yeah. You ready? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's do it. You wanna skip right to it? I'm good for whatever you are, brother. Every I, if I, if it hurts, then that's what I'm supposed to feel.


That's what people need to see. If you lead the way and I'll guide. Yeah. Yeah. I went to Tripoli first. My first trip wasn't in Benghazi, it was the Tripoli. And, and one of the things that I enjoyed about GRS at the, and especially then is by that time I had started to stop moving. I stopped working for like the, the secondary companies. I, I wasn't doing contracts for Blackwater or Soc who took over the contract or, or those were the main two. I don't know who has 'em anymore. SSON Hunter. We had another contract where I would do teaching with Sen Hunter. That's where I got to, I mean that's, me and Evan er worked on those contracts together.


Great contracts. But they started a program called the Direct Hire Independent Contractor. Do You know that you've worked at, so those that don't, it's funny 'cause what's the acronym? DHIC. We were dicks. And that was the joke. We were dicks, you wanna be a dick? Sure I'll be a dick. And so they would come recruiting for from this if, from the Blackwaters and whoever else. And if you had a good record, you've done a lot of time. And your C one at those places would write you a good eval. You could come and be a, be a dirt, be a dick. And that's what I did after Kandahar actually. I said, yeah, do you wanna go? Because it, it gave us the opportunity to just, just 'cause it gets mundane going from the secondary to the main to the secondary.


I mean, you're gonna Afghanistan, Iraq, when you're doing that 10 years, it just, you get bored. So it gave me the opportunity to go out to different places. And, and Libya was one of 'em. So I was like, yeah. So I went to Libya, went to Tripoli. It was fun. Again, it was another place where, You know, you, you, you get from the American government that these, these dictators and all that was just awful people. And these countries are shit holes. And I went there and I like, this isn't a shit hole. Wow. All right. There's still, the hotels are still open, man, there's still a shed in here that's still open. Man, this, this little resort down by the Mediterranean still open. Even though it was a burning tank down the road.


I mean, it was, it, it it, that's where IIII didn't ever really question foreign policy and things like that until Libya. It's like, okay, I, I'm not really sure this was right. But who cares? That's not my job. I don't, it's not. I'm here to do what my job is. And it was fun. That's where I met Bob. I met Glen. He was there and, and it was just, it was less protection and more atmospherics. It was more surveillance, counter surveillance and trying to see if there were terrorists that were moving into the country because of the vacuum of power. Who was on our side, who was not on our side. And that was fun.


'cause it wasn't so much protection anymore. Doing like we did in a lot in Afghanistan and Iraq. It was more just a lot more tradecraft. It was, it was fun. And, and, and it was a, it was a lot of times where we, you know, you're getting to see things or like even getting to go places that you wouldn't get to go in Iraq, Afghanistan, I'm talking about just nature. There's, there's the ocean right there. You know, you got LTI magna, the old Roman coliseums that are right there. And a lot of this job took us to those places. So you're getting to work in some historic places. They're like, wow, I didn't know Rome was here in, in Libya.


You know? Yeah. Or you're seeing, you know, the, the Battle of Tripoli and you're seeing the Marine grave sites or, and we wrote about in 13 hours when the, there was a consulate that was attacked in Libya way before ours. And we write about in the book and getting to go see that. So it was almost, You know, it's not like a music. I'm on, I'm on a job, but I'm also on a historical tour tour. And it was awesome man. And the guys were great. 'cause if you are on the, on the Dick program, you were generally, you've been there for a while. So everybody, even if you didn't know, hadn't worked that person, maybe in an area. 'cause I worked at Curtis. Stan as well. Loved that place. I loved Sue.


Sue and I loved her bill. And I loved the hook. But you would know the guys. So the guy, you hear the name? Oh yeah, I've heard of him. Oh yeah, I know. He knows it. So you're not getting a new guy coming in with a chip on his shoulder. Everybody's man, they're chill man. They're like you, they're like me. Yeah. I'm probably the most wired. They're like you. They're just chill A job to do. He's done to the job. Flip the switch on, let's go kick some heads in then turn the switch off and just relax. And that's how it was. And the agency there, You know, I, I, I learned, I had learned how to deal with him. You know, I, I I knew what I, I knew what to expect. And Bub was awesome. Bub was always a CrossFitter. He was always out working out. And so was, I loved working out.


But he did the CrossFit stuff. I wasn't a big CrossFitter. We'd watch, You know, we'd go watch movies in our downtime. He was the only guy that would watch Black Dynamite with me. I love that Blaxploitation movie. And every guy hated it there except for Buck. He was the only one that would sit through it with me. But the first trip was pretty just normal. Nothing really big was happening. You'd see some black flags going on. You know, you'd see the terrorist flags out kind of flags every, but you're used to that time and you see 'em everywhere. So what, there's some black flags you weren't really thinking of. It went home. And then the next trip they said, you're gonna Tripoli. So I'm getting ready to go to Tripoli.


And then right when I got tos, the Bay Greece, which is where our stopping point was, where part of the five 55th fighter wing is. They said, no, we need people in Benghazi gonna Benghazi. It's like, okay, Tripoli Benghazi. So what head out there. I get there and You know, you just felt it was different. You just walk, you get on Bon and the movie did an excellent job show showing that, man, you just got off a plane. We do have an expeditor there. We always, you know, we have expeditors, all these airports, but you have a guy waiting for you, a GRS guy waiting for you by himself. So, 'cause we, that was where we were doing a lot of movements.


Single per one person movements, which was even better. That was even more fun guy waiting on himself. And you get off a plane, Libby and Air probably flying in, You know, find flying that first class flight, which is love how the movie did it just, right, you have a first class ticket, but on those planes, there's no first class. So you just get the whole road to yourself. So you watch the movie again, Jack's flying first class. He has that whole road to himself. That's just those little things that they got right. Well, you off the plane, you go in there, they get you off. And then you go to, you go to the base and it just like, it wasn't secure. You know, other places, there's shit going on, but it's felt somewhat secure. At least there's big brother's kind of watching you there.


You just, you did, you were like run on our own, which was fine, but it just felt different. And there was, the work was pretty, the work was fun, enjoyed it. Did a lot of, again, a lot of trade craft. More surveillance than any protection. I remember towards the end though, and this is where it started to get hairy, where we were just, me and Boone are there, and Boone's been at it a long time too. He was start, he's been doing longer, just as long as I have. And we're out on an op and it was about three weeks before the attack. And Sarah, you've had Sarah on. Yeah. She's like, Hey, we've got reports at a QI here, there's this camp. And we had all on our Falcon view, we had all the terrorist camps marked and we were spot on.


We had 10 digit grids on each one. Alday an Sharia, A QIM. And she goes, there's Alday camp that they think there's a QI in there. Can you guys go sit on it Now Boone's, for those that don't know, Boone's black Mexican. I grew my beard out. Now I always thought he was Mexican. I could never figure out. He's he's, he's weird looking. I thought he was Tongan once and I thought he was Polynesian. Oh, he was black. And then he's like, are you Mexican? But he's, he's mulatto. But what I'm saying is he looks, he can, he can blend. Yeah. So we take our local car out and we go to this for fall Hot day camp services. Go to this one. And we sit on it for a little bit. And there's this opening within the, within the compound that their camp is, it's, it's walled, but there's an opening and we can, we're sitting there and our vehicle and we can see through it.


And like I said, we do look like locals and nobody's monitor us. And the sky walks by and the hair on the back of my neck stood up. And I looked at Boone, I said, do you see that man? He goes, yeah, that's a QI. It's like, fuck yeah, that's, that's Atu man. They're here. And it, it looked just like we were people, we were fighting in Iraq, man. He looked just, You know, the, you could even the dead eye. I mean we were, it was, I don't know. And we weren't super close. And like, I, but it was just, it was a, you just knew. It was like that's, that's a QI. Holy crap. We rushed back like Sarah, they're here, man, you guys are giving reports. A AQI is here. And we got chewed out for that.


Yeah, for what? That was beyond our scope of duties. We weren't supposed to be sitting on camps. Bob came and chewed our ass out and chewed Sarah out. And she goes, you guys, I and Sarah was pissed. She's like, dude, I just got chewed out. Bob came and got us. 'cause you guys are going beyond. You don't need to be doing that. That's not what our job is here. And me and Boone are like, yes it is. It's like Chief, that is our job. And Boone's pretty laid back eyes like Chief. Yeah, that is our job. That's our job. And he did rip Sarah more than us though, because he can, she's a staffer and she was pissed. She was just, and You know how Sarah she does, she's a pit bull man.


Yeah. And I remember that after that she said, we can't go sit on camps anymore. You just can't, we're not doing that. I said, well what the fuck are we doing here then because it, it was towards the end, You know, I'd already gone through the fights with all the CIB case officers, made fun of 'em. You know, Chubb, their shit, I, I've been doing that for, for two months now. And I was like, well what the fuck are we even doing here? And two weeks later, the attack happened two, three weeks. And it was like, man, it almost like they, they knew it. And I, I, I still don't understand why the job that we're supposed to be doing, we found a target.


We verified that target. Let's action that motherfucking target. Why we got in trouble for that. And the only one that can ever answer that is Bob, maybe our to, I never got an answer, Sarah. Maybe she knows, but I, I don't know if she really does or not. 'cause I don't think she even got an answer. She got reprimanded. But that was Benghazi. It was like it was, we were, and that was even Libya. Even some of the state department offices will tell you the RSOs. It's like we were fighting Al-Qaeda in our own offices. Yeah. And, and that was, that was it. It was, it was a lot of, just doing a lot of great work, getting to be on our own a lot singles. But then when we did our jobs, we'd get reprimanded for it.


We took some, I we got another time. We got reprimanded as well before that happened with Sarah. We, some BT Carve guys came in, the, the listener guys. And there was a hospital there that they, we were want, they wanted, and that's part of our job. We'll take 'em around, we'll drive by the areas that they think they can hear and if they have or gather information, suck out text messages with their little stuff that they do the cool stuff. And, and we took 'em out 'cause there was a hospital that they thought Iranians were in. And so we drove by it to see if they could find out. And as we came back, we came in, Bob was outside, he was waiting on us like we were in trouble for something. And he's called the BT CARite guy said, and the staff there were staffers and called him in, they were on a plane out the next day.


And I was like, what happened? He's like, he didn't want you going and listening and on this hospital or, and he doesn't want you doing any of that stuff. And these guys shouldn't have done that. They weren't supposed to. I don't have an answer. I said, man, why I, I don't have an answer. I, I still, I don't know why we're doing what we're supposed to be doing. We're getting good intel. We're giving action guys. Were in there. He, somebody had brought them in for some reason. Yeah. We did what we're supposed to do. And every time we'd do something and get headway where we could action on a target. 'cause we're not the action guys. You know, we're the, we're the collectors, we're the protectors. But when we did, it would get, we'd get, it'd get, we'd get condemned for it.


You would jump on our shit. And it was, it was just, I just like, and I did a lot of times, what the hell are we doing here? Why are we even here then I don't get it. What's the deal? And then the attack happened on, on nine 11 2012. And, you know, there was some precursors to that. You know, the, the British Ambassador had got hit by RPG. We res, I didn't respond to that. I was in Tripoli when that happened. The GRS guys that were there at that time did respond to it. And that's when they moved outta the country. They got hammered. One of their security officers got the RPG lodged in them. But they were out. Red Cross had been attacked once, which is news. That was a big news thing. And they had also blown a hole in the consulate once already before the attack, they had tried to breach the wall.


So the signs were already there. Yeah. And You know, we were always over there at the consulate. They were good guys. Alec was a good guy, You know, and they were, they, Dave was awesome. And they, they, I have nothing bad to say about them. They were just, were they were, they were overwhelmed. And they were just, these are the state guys. Yeah, they, Alec Henderson, Scott Wickman, who was the ambassador's body man, Dave Uberin were the three guys that were mainly there. And I people, oh, they were chicken. She the, what would you have done? You got a massive 40 man force running in. You're out there smoking who could chill and relax and you don't got nothing but M fours and you're not allowed to even carry 'em. Because State department policy says when you're on the compound and you're not pulling work, you gotta keep 'em in your, in your armory, which was over by the kitchen.


I, I don't blame 'em doing what they're doing. They ran to, they did what they needed to do. Scott ran towards the ambassador to protect him. That was his job. Alec ran to the talk. That's where we were supposed to go. Dave ran to get a weapon. They were just overwhelmed like that. It was done. But that being said, You know, our conversations with them, we would constantly warn them. And that's, this seems from the movie where Pablo or me being that asshole, I did do that. I remember looking at their compound. We came and we did a, a evaluation of their compound before the attack. And I remember looking at Scott, looking at Alec, I was looking at the walls. There was a big building overhead that I thought you could put, sorry about that. Put sniper fire in.


And I remember looking at 'em and I said, guys, your walls are soft. Your guards ain't for shit. You know, they're local guards. Half your guys don't even have guns. Blue Mountain Group didn't even carry guns. I said, your sniper's paradise. I said, any big element gets in here, they're gonna fucking die. And I remember Scott's eyes went, whoa. And I did feel bad a little bit. I did. But Ron was there, he covered, he's like, guys, if you ever need us, we'll come get you. And we, they had radios. We gave em our radios. We all had icoms to talk to each other. And they did request more security. Their RSO, Eric, Nordstrom and Libya and Tripoli did. So they did try. They were just turned down. They requested two 40 Bravo. They requested more armed security.


And it was turned down by Patrick Kennedy and Charlene Lamb, Patrick was the under secretary for Hillary. And so was Charlene. She was in charge of case security and all that. Those people also get away scot-free. They should have been held accountable as well. Very much accountable. But, but when the attack happened, it still was a shock to me because the ambassador at that time, his, he did have a security detail attached to him. It was 10 Special Forces group. It was the, it was the sift team that was his security. For some reason, they had been pulled off him when he came to Benghazi. I don't know why. No. Shit, I did not know that. When you watched the movie and it says JSO team repositioning to four position, that was his team.


They had been pushed out for a training mission in either Croatia or Spain, I can't remember. Interesting. Yeah. But because I knew, 'cause a lot of those guys when I was with 19th Special Forces Group, a lot of those guys from 19th I was in Colorado, the act when they did active det time and they were 10 special forces. So we knew a lot of the same people. And they'd come eat with us when I was in Tripoli because their food at the State Department facility sucked. So they'd come and eat dinner with us. And that's why, like I said, that's why in the movie, when we're talking to Bub and the, the bachelor's coming and we had that conversation, we're like, the bachelor's coming, you guys, you know. And I was like, so who gives a fuck Rain State Department?


And Bob's like, dude, there's not, he's not coming with his detail. And I was like, where the fuck is his detail? You know, they're not with him. And they were, they were hardcore pipetters. It was a sift team and they pulled him out. So that's why we stayed. And three of us did extend myself and Boone and Ronan were supposed to go home two weeks earlier before the attack. And we stayed. 'cause we had a great team. We didn't wanna mess that chemistry up, You know, and, and some guys that'll piss some people off because of course if Bob wouldn't, if Ronan would've went home, he'd still be alive, of course. But I know Ronan wouldn't change it because if he wouldn't have stayed and we would've new players in there, not saying that we're we're awesome tactically any better than anybody else.


We just had a good team. I don't think the outcome would've been the same. Not because of skill sets or anything. Everybody's got great skill sets. You worked your s as well, You know, the deal. We all got great skill sets, but it's the, that team. Yep. That and that team, whether we got along or not, we meshed well. And yeah. So, and people, oh, why'd you guys make it so dramatized that when you said during that film that three guys were supposed to, three guys extended. Well, because three of us did extend myself, Boone and, and Ronan. And You know, it's, it's also very telling of how awesome Ron was and maybe just foretold everything before the attack we had just done.


And I don't, Oz may have said this during his, I don't know. 'cause it, it really sticks out with all of us. The day before the attack, we had just done a full on CVAC training op where Rome put us through a huge scenario of if the, if the compound gets attacked, this is what we need to do medevac wise. And we had catch up, we had tourniquets who were teaching all the CI case officers going through a huge vac plan. Wow. And it was just, isn't that just the most, I said the Lord, I I love God. I just love, I mean, I do much as God looks at me and goes, man, that man, I cannot keep this guy straight, isn't it? It's just he did it. And I didn't want to go to him.


Me being and ta I'm like, Ron, eat shit. I'd done enough. I don't wanna do this shit man. Tono, get out there. Fuck, fine. And yeah, it, it saved lives. It did. It was just, it was a 24, 3, 6 hours before the attack. We went through base wide training, medevac cave plan. How do we handle mass cash? Mass ties. Damn. Damn. Yeah. So that just shows you how awesome Maron is. So yeah. But the attack happened. I remember, I remember we were just laying there and me and Boone were on QRF. We always had, You know, we always had a team on QRF standby, every team would be up. And then we always had guys that were on a, that's all they did all day.


24 step 24 hours. We were on that QRF. So end of the day we're thinking, why a day? My gosh, almost time to go home. You know, I got a few more days left. Extension, I even remember we were watching two of the greatest movies ever made. I had just watched Battleship and I was watching Wrath of the Titans. And we get a call on the radio and you can hear the gunfire, but it's not really, 'cause there's always gunfire. Yeah. I thought maybe somebody's having a wedding or something again. And we get a call on the radio and it was from our, our team leader, JIRA. He goes Jira in the team room. And it was about that monotone, not a lot of excitement.


And at least I didn't think it was, I didn't hear the excitement. So Boone did roll over me. And he is like, dude, he's like, what the fuck did you do now? Because he thought I'd pissed somebody off again. And I go, dude, I ain't done anything. I've been a saint all day, dude. I swear pissed. I just wanna go, man. Because nine times outta 10, if we got called, I, I did something. I either put, I had a placard from the movie Tropic Thunder where Sergeant Cyrus, the Robert Adam Jr. Character I had actually wasn't a placard. It was a piece of paper. And I'd laminated it and it said never go full retard. And if a ci case officer did something stupid, I'd put it on their desk so they'd see it in the morning. And so I'd do stuff like that. I just love picking, I love picking on him.


They, the Jason Bornes. So the Jason, so, so Boone Boone's, because, and that Boone's been with me for 10 years. I mean, we hadn't worked together Continu, but we've been in different spots for 10 years from State Department onto OGA. So he knows me. He's like, dude, what the hell did you do now you, so I was like, I nothing bud. I've been good, I promise you. And then the, then the urgency came. And it was about 30 seconds later though. I said, jurors, we need you in the team room now. And it was, and you just know, you, you've been doing this long enough. I've been doing this long enough. All right. It's time to go. And I look at Boone and we're getting our gear.


'cause we kept some of our gear in our lockers. But our, our quick ready gear, our body armor and our m fours, our short, our, our peace shooters, we kept right by our bed on QRF. So it was right there. Raiders. Were right there. Of course, all the night vision, all the heavy weapons were still in our lockers in the team room. We start getting our shit on. And Boone's smiling. I'm smiling, it's awesome. I'm smiling just like this. I still remember, I still remember looking at him. He's smiling, I'm smiling. I go, man, we did do something fun tonight. And we headed out our door. And as soon as you got out the door, our door from our, we were in building Charlie where it opened up, the annex was directed at 12 o'clock. So as we opened the door, You know, and we're seeing the treasure, it's, you can see the firefight, it's going off.


Damn. So now all that popping, you know, now it's starting to, oh, that's what it's, You know, every, the brain's starting to realize, oh, this ain just something, some crazy night Libya, this is holy shit. Constance getting attacked. And the Jason Bournes, the ones I saw were like, it was like cast lighting and firecrackers at him. They were just going everywhere. And I saw team, I saw Ronan, we all had tasks, you know, had responsibilities. My responsibility was heavy weapon Mark 46, get that. And then I was gonna drive the SUV Boone's responsibility was to get the keys for it, get it out. My responsibility was to make sure we had it ready to go. And then actually we all had our different tasks.


And it was beautiful, dude. It was just beautiful. I, I, I saw leader, leaders acting like leaders. And it wasn't the barking orders, it wasn't the yelling at each other. It's everybody shut the fuck up and did their jobs. And it was, it was awesome. Because even in that elements there, you, you don't always get that. You're always gonna have maybe one guy that thinks he's in charge and everybody respected enough each other and trusted each other enough that nobody needed to say a word. And it was, it was like Mozart. It's just, wow. Wonderful. And that's what it reminded me. I mean, I, I was like seeing notes man.


And we're five minutes, we're ready to go. Five minutes, it's time to go. And I remember I looked at Ronan, he's got the sedan, he's got Jack taken that Boone's, Boone's, Boone's Boone's a rockstar. He's got our shit together. The SUV's ready to go. I got my 46, You know, we're geared up. We got our night vision on that. We got all the stuff that's in our lockers, got the ammo. Ron goes like this, I look at him, that's all I need. He's like, he's good. You, I'm good. Chief's here. Our team leader's here, they're on their cell phones. I go, chief, we're ready to go. He doesn't bother even looking at me. I said, chief, we're ready to go.


He looks at the team leader, still isn't looking at me on his phone talking to somebody. I don't know who it was. Still to this day. He says to the team leader, tell these guys they need to wait. It's like that motherfucking disrespectful, fine. I didn't say a word. I'm just walking. The team leader looks at me. He starts to tell me that. And I go, dude, I I got it. I fucking got it. I walk back to my car runs like, dude, taana, what's, what's happening? What's going on man? I said, Bob's telling us we gotta wait now the movie where Jack and Ronan got stopped and we tried to get to him in the beginning that happened, but it was at night.


So we had already been through that before. So we're like, shit, he ain't gonna let us go again. So that wasn't part of Movie Magic. It just, Dawn think we changed it to, it was nighttime when that happened. And Rowan did bluff his way out of it. It was, and he just had a CCIA chief of support lady with him when that happened. It's pretty awesome. But we'd already been through that where he would not let us go. But we're waiting. You know, we're, we're, we're still thinking at that point in time. Maybe he still does know something. We don't, maybe the sift team is on its way. Maybe they're sending a, a bird in, maybe something's coming in. Maybe there's Marines off the coast and they're, You know, we don't, we're trying to play the benefit of the doubt by not cr creating more drama.


'cause more yelling and screaming is not gonna do any good. It's not. And that's why that team was so awesome is we all knew that if we had all been younger with piss and vinegar, we probably would've been fighting with them. And what would've that have done? Nothing. So we're waiting, we're continually going scenarios. At least I am through my head. I know the team is, You know, you're war gaming, you're what fing through your head. You're going through your head going, going through scenarios that you win to keep the adrenaline in check. So I'm going through my head, I'm going, okay, if we get hit with mortars here, what am I gonna do? Alright, how do we win this fight? Fine. Or we get out the gate, we get ambushed on this road. What do I do? How do we win that fight? So you're, you're just, it's, it's what you do in the corporate world too. When, so you don't like this.


You're just going through scenarios that you win and you, and the only way you can do that is through hard training or experience or both. And by that time I'd been through a lot of hard training and a lot of experience. So I was able to pull from that. And I know the other guys were doing the same thing. 'cause nobody was panicking. Everybody was Rowan's taking the lead. He's our charge. He's gonna take care of this. And we trusted that. So Rowan's talking to, to, to the chief t's there too. T's talking to the chief and the time just going by the, the fighting is intensifying. And then instead of just hearing a k and PKM fire, and You know what this, we start hearing a like, holy shit d that's Dish come holy fuck, we gotta go and can't do it.


We're still waiting. And that's when I saw Tig and Bob arguing. That's when the fir the, the one huge interaction. We didn't put in the movie. It wasn't gonna have a place in the movie, didn't need to, but they were arguing. It's in the book where, and that's where Tig was told Bob t's like, motherfucker, we gotta go, we gotta go, we gotta go now. Now. And that's where Bob told Stand out Bob, you guys gotta stand out. He told Tig and Tyrone and Jack's car right there. And I don't think it was malicious. I don't think it was nefarious. I think he just was shitting down his leg. The later was nefarious with the military not coming. That was purely political nefarious actions from the power that be commander in chief and Secretary of State and all them.


But that, I could be wrong. But regardless, we were told to stand down and so we're told to wait once, stand down 15 minutes later and then at the 25 minute mark of us waiting there. 'cause remember the state department guys have our freaks, have our icon freaks. They're calling us on the radios. And that was heartbreaking man. That really was 'cause because we're listening to 'em and they're like GRS where are you GRS? Where the fuck are you? We need you. GRS. They're, we've been overrun. GRS they're lighting the buildings on fire. We're hearing all this. And we're like, guys, Roger that Is the, is the chief of base hearing this Bob? Yes. On the, he's it's all on the top. 'cause they're open mics.


What's, I mean, so he's hearing this and he's still not letting you Go. Let's go. What was the relationship like then before this night? We didn't get along. I, he was condescending as hell. I didn't get along with him. I didn't like him. I didn't care for him. We worked in Mosul together as well. Didn't like him there. I thought we made him pretty well. I think that was the combination of characters. We, we had a team leader and we had the chief chief was very passive. What's This guy doing now? He became, he got a sis so he got his, he got his his top tier to retire as a sis sis level. And then he became a contract instructor at the farm. Now, I dunno if he's still doing that. Are you fucking kidding me?


No, they took that fucking clown. Yep. And put him at the farm to train all the upcoming Guests. Train. Now he may not be doing that. He's made enough. I mean it's sis level retirement. What, what A fucking joke. I know. So he's, he's What a fucking joke. I would take that guy and put him in charge of the fucking up and coming case officers that Wow. And that's why that fucking agency doesn't do shit anymore. It is a shit show. It's a clown show. What a, You know, he's probably retired now living in Williamsburg or somewhere nice with a thousand acre. I mean he's made plenty of money. He got the CIA, You know, he got the highest level, the CIA.


What do you think he thinks about every day? I don't think they give a shit dude. You don't think they give a shit? I think he can sleep well at night. I hope he doesn't. But it's like asking me, You know, does Kamala Harris sleep well at night? You know, she sleeps like a big 'cause They think they're right all the time. He was, I'm right, you're wrong. I know where I'm getting ahead of myself. But You know, we, we, we, he seriously was gonna stay there to collect intel when we were leaving out, when after the mortars hit, after the bombs hit after Ron and Bub died, we had to force his ass out of the compound.


'cause he still was gonna stay there and collect intel. And that's, that was him. They're, they are so elite. They're, they are the, they're elitist and they just think they're the smartest people in the room. And that's one of the reasons why I always looked fuck with them. 'cause they're not. And here's this knucklehead hay seeded from Kansas giving you shit 'cause you think you're the smartest person in the room. But that was him. And when we heard Alec and he's in the talk, so he's watching his team basically get decimated. They're lighting the buildings on fire, watching all on the CCTV cameras.


He says, JIRA us, if you don't get her all gonna fucking die. Just, it wasn't movie magic. That's what he said. Tyrone went like, he tyron's awesome. He's in a sedan or an armored vehicle. Can't roll the windows down. So he cracks the door and he just does this. I was like, wow, that is, I still get chills thinking about it. 'cause You know, I told he was big, his arms were like that. And he looked, he had a beard like Leonis, he had dyed at black. So he looked like Leitis used, give him shit. I was like, you're trying to look like Leonis, aren't you? I was like, yeah. But I remember thinking to myself when I saw that, I was like, man, I go to your combat Lee iis, this is fucking awesome. And I gave him a thumbs up and we started to head out the gate.


Now we didn't quite make it out the gate because, and I, I, You know, I I, like I said, our war gaming, we're still going through our heads. It's a chess game. Stay three steps ahead. Don't rush. You don't, if you're racing your gun, you failed somewhere. We need something. I don't know what we need. And then I realize it. I said, we, we need, we need 'em all. I'm not gonna tell you his real name, but the interpreter, we gotta get 'em all. Now did he looked pretty good in the movie like young got kind of young forties in shape. He didn't, dude, he didn't look like that. He was, he looked like Bob Newhart. Seriously. He looked like an Egyptian Bob Newhart. He was adorable Glasses, droopy cheeks.


Old dude, bald. We need him though. He, we don't combat TURPs. So I'm calling him and trying to find him. You have faith, I'm gonna find him. I say stop the cars. We get, I get outta the car. I'm thinking I don't have to run around this damn base to try to find this guy. And Lord works some ways, brother. I get out, I come in the front of my hood, think I'm gonna have to run to his hooch and then run to his skiff to find him. And he's walking right in front of my car. Like, man, thank you. I said, we need you man. And it was awesome. It was a 'cause he, he did, he, he got an argument, not an argument. He's was just shiting his pants. 'cause he, he doesn't want to go Bob new Bob Newark doesn't go to combat man. It doesn't happen. And his eyes are huge.


And I said, dude, we need you man. We, we need you. I don't speak Arabic well enough need, none of us do. We don't want blue on blue on green. You want that as but for the, your listeners that don't. A friendly fire instance with the foreign force because of a language barrier. Blue, blue and green. And I said, dude, we need you man. And he goes to, I'm not a, I'm not a combat trip. I said, I know that brother. He goes, I'm not weapons qualified. I said, I know that. And I had a Glock 19 on my hip. I handed it to him. I said, your honor, I'll go get your stuff. It was fricking odd. He took it and he ran back in the building C And initially I thought I lost my weapon. Boone did too. Boone Boone was looking at me shaking his head when he ran away.


But he came back out and he ran back out and it was awesome 'cause it was, he was, he, he didn't have the cool Gucci gear like we do, You know, the form fitting shit looking cool. He had to borrow somebody's helmet. It was way too big for him. So it was all jingling on his head. I I mean it could even been out backwards. I mean it just didn't fit him. He didn't have body armor. He had a flak jacket 'cause that's all he could find. He's got his finger in the trigger. Well as he's running towards me, he's flagging this shit out of me. And all I could do was marvel at it That whole time. I just, Marvel was like this, just freaking off this little dude that looks like a little turtle is running towards me right now. Flagging the shit out of me with this gun. And I have never felt more motivated in my life because this dude had no business going.


He's not a seal, he's not a marine, he's not a ranger, he's not secure, he's not law enforcement. Not, he's a little interpreter that he's giving of himself and he's coming with us. And I'm like, that is what heroism is. That's braver. Yeah. Selfless service. That's it man. And he got in the car. I did take his finger outta the trigger. Well I said, put you again because I didn't want him to shoot me in the back. He had to go behind me. And then we took off, then we hit it, started to head down there and that was our trek towards the consulate. And it just got even hairier from there. From there. But we get there, we stopped on a road called Gunfighter that what's called Gunfighter. It wasn't movie mag, that's what we called it.


We had a gunfighter here and Adidas was the other road on the other side. And there was locals there. They were looked like they were shooting back. And it looks like in the movie, we get up and it's creeping up. They actually were already in a firefighter. They were already shooting back and forth. We didn't know who friend or FO was, but they weren't shooting at us. So we get outta the car, Boone and myself did tell Henry, we said, Henry, get this figured out. We had our TL with us in the car. So we said, you still stick with the tl. Tell us what the hell's going on. And then again, leaders took over. Leaders do what leaders do. Rome parked, Jack parked, TIG parked, we parked behind him and we started to move in position to engage.


And you get close to that wall and you start hearing those cracks. Crack, crack, crack, crack. Because you know, the bullets were going by your head, you breaking the sound barrier, you're hearing a every once in a while. And then there was a, a block, cinder block wall behind us. So you'd hear a smack from around 7, 6 2 hitting a wall, hitting the wall. And it was fricking it was, you know, it was fucking, it's fucking awesome. And it, it's awesome. And I saw row start to engage. Nobody said a word and everybody just started to engage and we started to move and Tig got his, TIG got our 2 0 3, You know, our 1, 2 0 3 cracked a breach, put that HEDP round and that high explosive dual purpose round. And he just started, started throwing rounds down range. And Boone came up to me and said, as we're shooting, he goes, You know, we knew there was a building off in the distance that we thought we could get up there and put machine gun fire and sniper fire in.


So he goes, Tono, let's get high man, let's get high. I said, Roger that. So he went and got his SR 25. I went and grabbed the 46. So I had my M 40, M 46, M four covered. I was wearing shorts. They, boy, that's who I wearing shorts. Yeah, I was actually, they were just a version of the, they were a tan version of these. They were short. I made can or from old Tru Spec pants. I was also wearing a Mickey Mouse shirt. But we couldn't put that in a movie. 'cause I guess Disney doesn't like Mickey Mouse shooting Terrace. But I had a Mickey Mouse. Probably the closest thing he could get was the, was the, was the panda shirt. But it was a Mickey Mouse shirt. But yeah, I, we, and we just started climbing walls, man.


And it was hard. I, I wasn't ready, I wasn't no spring shake anymore. Eight foot high block walls with all that gear on that, You know, I I 200, a 200 round drum on a nut sack on the a hundred rounds on the 46, You know, magazines all over me, magazines all in my pocket and just sucked it up. And you just, and you know, I tell you what the f the first wall we climbed over, I was just getting ready to get shot in the butt or the head. So I, I, I did, I looked over, didn't see anything and then I went butt first. So I figured, well I'll get shot in the butt. I could still probably fight if I get shot in the head, I'm fucking out. But I'll be quite honest, the third, fourth wall, I didn't even care anymore. It's like just so smoke.


Get me over this wall and we, it's only 400 meters, we're 400 meters from the compound. At that point, Jack, Tyrone and Tig went down and fought their way down and suppressed the weapon just like the movie did. They went down the main alleyway to the front gate and they suppressed. 'cause TIG had that 2 0 3 and he's just knocking 'em back. And we had some local help, PKM guy with a PKM and some AK 47 guys. And, but half of 'em didn't know what the hell they were doing anyway, but at least it was, You know, it was gunfire Boone. And I did have two locals that we took with us. They did the movies. Two guys came to me before we jumped that first wall and said, Hey Mr. Can we go with you? And I looked at him and they, they were kids and at first time I just felt like I could trust them.


I go, 17th, Feb. They said, yeah. I said, come on. And Boone's like, what the fuck are you doing? I said, dude, I said, fors the fire team man. And I said, I'll stay in the front. You just stay in the back if they well and you kill 'em. So, and they went with us that whole time and we jumped, Wallace got onto that building and it was, it was that disheartening. If you again watch the movie, it's pretty spot on. We cleared that building and You know, You know it is clearing buildings going upstairs. And I got that gear and I'm clearing it with a 46 and I'm smoked and we get to the top of that building. You know, Boone's got his M four but he is also got an SR 25 on him. So he smoked too. And we get up there and we look down and we couldn't see anything. It was like, man, all this energy you wasted because the consulate, the, there are trees that surround the consulate.


Well they were all on fire. Yeah. So you, you just couldn't see anything in there. And it's like, God man, because, because you're trying not to get pessimistic but you're like, You know how many calories I just watched how much water, just doing all this and for nothing put outta your head. And what snapped me out of it too is wrong. Came across the radio 'cause he's still moving 'cause he needs our, he he needs us to suppress. He that's at least that's what he thinks anyway. He's doing a damn good job on his own that they all three of those guys, he goes, Tono, I need your eyes man, I need your eyes. I go, I go Ron, this roost is a bust man. I said, shoot, move and communicate. I'll meet you in the middle. And that's what we did. And we ran down the stairs and went to the back gate and just like the movie, we just climbed over the back gate.


What was awesome is there was a commander that pulled up just like that movie. He pulled up with his vehicle and I actually wanted him before we jumped over the gate. He got there before we jumped over the back gate. I wanted him to push it open with his car. So it's like, put, just open this car. He goes, wait Mr. Wait. And he got on his phone and he started dialing a phone number. And I was like, who the fuck are you calling man? He's like, just wait, wait. I go, who you calling? He goes, I, I'm calling the bad guys. I'm negotiating surrender. I said, who the fuck? I said, you doing the what? I said motherfucker. And Boone's yelling at me 'cause he's already inside. He climbed over the gate already and t's yelling at me to get inside on the radio.


He's like, we need ya Taana. Quit fucking around. And I just let it go. And he was one of the guys that was gonna facilitate the counter attack later. But I didn't know. And so that little argument, you see me get in with that wasn't that that actually did happen. That happened as well. And I got in there and we fought, we, we pushed them off. It's a nine acre compound And for the next hour we just were trying to find the ambassador running in the burning building, trying to locate all the state department guys. 'cause they were spaced out everywhere. Why fighting off the bad guys, pushing 'em off we're really that initial when they, we got on there, I think they were so shocked it was Americans. And luckily we have that still that era of bro, era of intimidation.


Americans are coming, we gotta go. They ran. Wasn't much of a gunfight coming up on, we were got in there, American's here, we got our night vision on. Even though I'm wearing shorts, I still look pretty Terminator ish with all the gear on. And they ran away and we found Alec, You know, he got him outta the skiff. Dave was, Dave did awesome. Dave was already out. He was already trying to find the ambassador. He was already over at the consulate trying to find the ambassador. And then we just took turns running in that burning building trying to find it. And it was tough. We almost lost Ron Ronan went in the most. Jack and Ronan went in the most. TIG was probably close to it. Me and Boone put a lot of security and then we'd take our turns, we'd spell people.


But I, I tell you what I would and I, oh I admire and thank you all your firefighters out there. I admire the hell at you. I'd rather get shot out again than ever running into a burning building filled with diesel smoke ever again. I remember going in and trying to go in the first time and I tried to run in and the doors were wide open and you can see and it's open, there's fire, You know, alive on the ceilings and there's, it's just smoke everywhere. And I hit, I ran in the, and it's almost like I hit an invisible wall. I just, whew, that is hot as shit. It was so, I felt like my eyeballs were gonna melt. And it's like you really have to just, I just had to go suck it up. Don't, it's gonna hurt. Just go. And it was awful.


And You know, your body gets used to it a little bit, but it was so hot. It's like running into a pizza oven filled with diesel stuff. Damn. And Ronan did that. I mean that's how badass Ronan and Jack are. They went in there multiple times. I went in there like twice 'cause they just kept going in and, and it was hard to find. We did lose Ronan almost once where he got caught way back in the back and we had to play Marco Polo with him to get it out. We had like Ronan were here. Jack kept yelling from Rowan this way. Rowan, Rowan, Rowan. 'cause he got stuck and almost lost his way 'cause he got disoriented from his smoked. But that just shows how badass and tig as well. You know, TIG lungs are permanently fucked. So are Jack's screwed Eventually Scott got out, you know, and I, I have no qualms against Scott.


Nothing at all. People why did he left the ambassador? Well what the hell would you have done, dude? Seriously? Yeah, you're, you're dying of fire in the heat. I, I can tell you the test from the heat. That was unreal. What would you have done man? Really? Okay. But he got himself out and that's when it started to go to hell again. 'cause that's when they started to counter attack. And I do remember before that they did find Sean's body, Dave Uberin Te and Jack managed to pull him out of a window. And the movie, I wish they would've put this in the movie more so than what they did. They did a little bit of it. But it was pretty remarkable.


It was one of the most defining moments to me of human spirit and sacrifice that I'd ever seen in my life. 'cause, 'cause Sean was out and I see him pull, Jack pulls him out, Dave's pulling him out. Uben tig is, and Scott's on some stairs and he's sitting there and he just keeps rocking back and forth. And he keeps saying he was just with me. He was just with me. He was just with me. And I see Jack, Jack for some reason he starts to do chest compressions and CPR on a dead body. Now Jack knows he's dead. The dude's dead. Sean's dead. It's obvious he's blues, he's dead. And I couldn't figure it out. It's like I'm sitting there watching this whole thing unfold from about, from me to probably that desk there about that far.


And I wanna say something, but before I get the word out it hits me. 'cause I'm looking at Jack and every time he does a chest compression, he looks up at Scott and he goes, we're still in this fight man. He is being positive over a dead body to get Scott out of his shock. So we don't have another casualty. He's just, it's unbelievable. It's just like, and I'm sitting there just marveling it going, Wow, these fucking dudes are awesome. I love this. I love Jack. I and I still love Jack, but it just, to me it just defined selfless service again. And You know, people think selfless service is giving himself, giving up your life. Well essentially he did 'cause that he's doing chest pressure from a dead body to get some guy back up on his feet to back in the fight.


Who thinks like that? Yeah, obviously he did. And it was awesome. And Mo, another motivating thing, just another reason why Benghazi was the greatest night of my life. One of them for said, but it was defining, we get it, Scott comes out of his shock. 'cause You know, big Tyrone, like Superman, I don't know where he came from. It's like he flew out of the bushes. But I, I know he is rid the belly, but he just, and you, I see Tyrone come outta nowhere and he just puts his arms around Scott and he goes, man, we are still in this fight. We need you. And you just see Scott come right back. And it was like, wow, this is awesome. I love these guys. That's why Rowan is so that's why he, he was Superman to us. But we lost Scott's body on Tig and Jack and Dave Uben did they put him in the back of our SUV that our team leader and that interpreter drove up after we cleared it said it was clear.


Yeah, our team leader. Yeah, he waited till we cleared it, then they drove up. I don't blame the interpreter for doing that, but come on tl. But anyway, we go back to Poland security. And then was Was the tl like, was he even, He was former secret service. No military. I know who he is. Yeah, I, yeah, You know, I know who, yeah, I was gonna say, You know, He's, what I'm asking is, was he Scared? I know he was scared. I know who he is. I'm trying to figure out how to ask this question the right way. Hey, I wait, I, I got, I gotta get a drink of water taking Time. I guess, I guess what I'm trying to ask was, did you guys even keep him informed?


Was he even what really part of the team? Or did you have you totally just, He had his just like Dropped him Just like any blue. He had his, he had his, You know, he had his uses. You know, he, he could, he would give us, get intel. 'cause he was, you know, he was a blue badge. So, but as far, You know, just everyday activities. He had the runs control the runs, You know, and but really me, I let Ronan handle that. I stayed, I Mean he is just a liaison. It really was. That's what he was basically. And that night he was with us and no, we didn't pay attention. It wasn't, we were lying him to pull cover. We were lying Like 99% of the staffers in GRS, they're just liaisons.


And that's, they're not operators. They're just like, They aren't just Go liaisons. Go go liaison, give us the intel. And that's kind of what he was at. We Don't even really know what you do here. What Not qualified to be here, You do here. Still favorite movies there. I can't fucking stand them. I'm so, I'm just, I can't stand them. It's probably something I'll never get over. But you, the amount of worthless fucks that were in charge of me and you and all these other like yeah. Stellar performers and then you got these chumps. When you don't hold people to the standards that everybody else is upheld to that high level standards, what do you think you're gonna get?


And I'm, we're, we're, we're divvying off a little bit, but I'm gonna say it. Look at the Secret service that protecting Trump. Yeah. Yeah. That Is what you got with JR SSTs for them. Unless they were former spec ops guys that were contractors that went there. I Think they were always just supposed to be liaisons though. And then at some point in time they like, they took in charge, inserted themselves to be some fucking leader and it's like, back to your desk, go get your fucking pen, get or your pencil and get the fuck outta my way. Yeah, My face. And that was him. But you can't say that 'cause they'll fire you, But you can still, You say it anyways. You can still I did. And then you get fired.


Well I, I I I, I, I did, I I got, I got told, I, after, after I fell asleep, I had an argument with Bob and then the TL called me in and we had an argument and we were like, he's like, Tona, I know who you are. I saved his ass from getting his ass beat by a bunch of seals when his first trip went to Coast. Why did you Do that? Because I fell sorry for him. He was, it was his first trip. I didn't, I didn't be honest with I'm just, I'm just, I didn't know him. I'm like, he's the first trip. I'm trying to be that guy. That's your first trip. Lemme tell you how it is bud. Alright? Don't go in there. Like, you're knowing everything. You're working with a bunch of topnotch dudes. Go in there, shut your mouth and fucking listen.


Yeah, but he didn't. It'd been, You know, that was 2006. Now it's 2012. So he's got years, You know, six years now. He's salty but Real experience. Yeah, it showed too. Yeah. Didn't It? It showed. It is. Yeah. It was funny 'cause when we did our debrief too, they did ask about him. They said, what'd you think of the tl? I said, he did a great job. I go, 'cause he stayed the fuck out of the way. Oh man, the head. She at Langley, the GRS they didn't want to hear that, but that's what I said. Boone started laughing. It was during our a r when we got back to after Benghazi. You said that? I Said it right to the, that's me dude. I don't give it What you gonna do fire, fire me then. Yeah, if you haven't fired me yet, you're not gonna fire me. But the argument I had with him where in Libya, after I got dressed down by Bob, which I was just, it wasn't, I was like, eat shit dude.


I've been through enough of this pomp and circumstance. Crap enough. Rah rah politics and progress a million fucking times. I I, I don't have to stay awake through this shit. It's the same shit. Well he pulled me and he goes, I'm gonna write. I got written up, You know, we get, I got rid up, wrote up. I did get written up and they wrote me up and he goes, I'm gonna write you up for this because you fell asleep. You're being disrespectful. And I remember I said to him, I, because I saw GRS kind of go into more like a state department button down. I saw it and I said, we're going more state department, aren't we button down need guys that say yes sir, no, nobody talks back. No fucking guys that cuss every once in a while, You know, you don't need guys like me anymore.


Do you, I guess guys like me are dinosaurs, aren't they? And he said, yeah, pretty much I saw my thing. I walked, when we got home, I sent him an email. I said, good thing you have dinosaurs like me huh? That night. And I didn't get a response back from, I still got the email my a OI had a OLI said my a OL. She goes, how old I am. But he said that and I said, you looks like guys like me are dinosaurs. I'm sorry. When did he try to Write you up? He wrote me up right after I got rep, right after I fell asleep before the ambassador. It was right before, it was before the attack. So when I fell asleep and the bob, Bob dressed me down where we got in that argument, he says, well write you up. Well I did get written up.


We didn't put it in the movie. 'cause how boring is that? Seeing some guy getting written up? Yeah. But I went back to my room. You Mean people don't wanna watch a, a pussy pencil, pusher write, write, write up a real man. Right. I'm gonna write you up. Yeah. Because I'm not a real man, I'm just a bitch. So I got, I got written up, I fucking hate these. Mark called me an hour later, he called me in and I, I got, I got written up was like, I don't give a shit. Fine. It's like getting a, You know, a ticket that you got a hundred million parking tickets, pay your parking tickets y'all. But you know what I'm saying? And I threw it and like whatever. It's Probably what he was doing before this exactly Was a parking, obviously he was a, for those that You know him. But he wasn't a, he wasn't a protect, he was in fort Check forgery and that was his in the, that check forgery.


It was in that division, the secret store. They do do forgery and money laundering. So whatever. Anyway, but they drove up. Yeah, he's, and that night it was, we just, if, if we need you buddy, just stay in the rear man. If you wanna add your gun to the fight, fine. Just keep it, just make sure There's no ammo in it. Just, Just dude, just stay away from, but he didn't fire his gun that night. He and he stayed hidden, he stayed protected and we didn't really worry about it 'cause we knew he wasn't get in a fight. It wasn't gonna happen. So that's what we put, we put, we put like, I don't wanna say his real name. Almost did. So we put Amal with him, but eventually Ramal even saw what was going on and the mall got attached to Jack Mall, kept follow jack around when Jack wasn't running in the burning buildings.


So we go back and we haven't found the ambassador and, and I remember on the backside of the villa here 'cause we're pulling security 'cause that back gate was left open. I told that fucking commander close the back gate when you bring your guys through. Before I really knew who he was. I thought he was friendly. He left it wide open. And I'm like, motherfucker forgot to close the back gate. I said Guys, this jackass didn't close the back gate. I said get ready. 'cause I knew what was gonna, I mean you just know it's like shit dude. And I'm kicking myself for not going back there and closing it as well and trusting, right. I knew I shouldn't have. And then all of a sudden I, I take a knee and I hear a, a big explosion goes off. So I'm here explosion blows off this way on the baton villa.


And because the angle so lucky again, thank you because the angle shrapnels this way. But I do catch the over pressure 'cause I'm not more than, You know, 20 feet away from the explosion. So I whoa knocks me catch the over pressure. But the force that goes this way, I didn't hear the initial boom. So I didn't think it was an rrp GI mean, You know, unless you're from a very far distance, RPGs don't go and you see vapor trails and there you go. It is not like that unless You know it's a way distance. And then you might see it later after it hits, you'll see sa maybe a little puff of smoke or something. But you'll always hear boom. 'cause that's the propellant that makes it go. It doesn't, there's a boom boom, You know, as I go back to pulse security, get back up on my feet.


'cause I'm thinking some guy runs in front of me and he's missing his hand, he's holding his wrist. I go his profile and I go up and his hand's missing. He's holding his wrist like trying to stem the bleeding. It's just mangled. And then his buddy comes out, runs from behind him and he's holding pieces of his, but, and it's no farther than me and you, I'm like right here following him. And I go, what the fuck, what happened? I don't even gonna speak English, but that's all I can get outta my head. 'cause I'm a little, I'm a little rattled, brain's knocked a little bit. I'm seeing this dude running by with no hand. He's just bleeding everywhere. I'm seeing his buddy chase him that's holding pieces of his hand. So I'm looking at him and I'm in my head going, dude, you forgot your hand. Go back and get, that's what I'm going through my head.


And I'm like, I say, what happened? I didn't say that all I could get out was what happened. The guy goes grenade, the guy holding pieces of it, he goes, grenade. So I'm thinking, oh well you're a fucking idiot next time when you cook a grenade off, I'm thinking this in my head. Hold it for two seconds instead of three before you throw it. And I'm thinking to my dad, west Texas from, from Lubbock, Texas. I, his voice comes in my head and all I hear is, rub some dirt on it. You'll be all right kid. And as I come back to pull security, because they're not a threat, I do hear a boom from a distance like shit, I know that's an RPGI go pull security.


And I just go like this 'cause I know I'm dead. If it's anywhere near on this side, I'm dead. There's nothing I can do. There's no cover. I can get down and roll. But by that time I hear that boom from that distance where it's only a hundred, not even more than I would say 75 meters away if that. I, I'm dead. So I'm just hoping I hear the second boom. 'cause if I do, I know I'm alive and I do. I hear it. Boom blows up. This one actually is closer. And I catch building. I catch the, the, the concrete knocks me down on the middle of the road again because of that angle. And I know that's what saved me. It was the shrapnel most that went that direction or got embedded in the wall.


And the movie showed me getting up and having a wall for cover. I didn't, I got knocked in the middle of that road that was shotgun from the front gate to the back gate. And all that came in my head was ranger battalion. What's your cover? Ranger bullets? What do you do when somebody's shooting at you? You shoot back. And I took a knee on that road and I just started shooting and I shot and I shot and I shot And I was thinking of the guys from Rio Jato. 'cause we get hammered pan. You know, Ranger's got a gray history, You know, urgent Fury just cause Somalia. You know, we shoot, fuck you guys we're fucking you coming outta me.


You're gonna catch a bulletin, a tooth. And that's all I'm thinking. And I'm just putting around. And I remember Boone, he told me later, he says, I was watching you and all I could think of is you're a fucking idiot. Take cover. And I've never felt the hand of God before. I've never felt it again. I fit that night. And I know, I do really believe we all get 1 1 1 hand of God moment where they, he steps in and protection. I did. I like, he's looking down at me. And I say this during my speeches too. 'cause I honestly believe this. I think my guardian angels like on this chair, God's up here on this chair. My guardian angel and God are looking at this idiot getting shot at.


'cause there's the world's opened up. There's this crap, crap, crap, crap, crap. It's all going around me and my guardian angels looking at God going, see what you tasked me with God. You tasked me with this fucking idiot that doesn't have half a brain. And, and God's like pity God. Pity's the one that needs to be pitied. And he says, I got you. And I felt a golden cocoon come on top of me. And that's not, I I I'm not saying that at any reasons. That's what I felt. You actually felt it in that moment. It was a golden egg. That's what I remember. Golden and egg. I gotcha. Just warm. Just I Was it was it like a intuitive feeling? It was a physical feeling. No, it was physical.


It was physic warm gold. I got you. And I guess intuitive too. It's just safe. I said I'm, I'm good. And I kept shooting. And then Did It give you confidence? Yeah. I wasn't, I got this. Nobody's gonna get me. I'm, I'm safe. You Felt it before you started shooting or in The middle of it? In the middle of it? No, when I was shooting. How long were you there in that position there? About five seconds before I felt that. And I'd already went, I'd was already hammering away. 'cause You know, they, that was a ga It was really easy. I'm just, I'm just, nobody's coming through there. It was, yeah, about five seconds. Hey, I mean, five to 10. It was, Wow. It was, it was awesome though. And then I am taking a knee. I'm not, I'm not getting in the prone, so I, I'm just, I feel fine.


I'm, I'm, I got, God's got me my right ear drum blows out. I remember that. And I look and there was a Libby in that had taken a knee right next to me. His AK 47 was shooting with me right next to my head. And that was amazing. 'cause I was thinking to myself, that ain't this the damnedest thing. God just gave me a little Libyan angel and put him right next to me. 'cause he had a buttoned down shirt, slacks on. Like, he got off work and he's sitting there with his AK 47 shooting with me. I never saw him again either that night. I don't know where he went. And then Boone, I'm running and Boone comes, and Boone takes a knee right on the other side of the road. And he starts shooting with me. And then t gets his gun into the mix on the top of the roof. And it was awesome.


And it was just fricking awesome. Now we moved a little bit after that, we started to move back to vehicles and started to kind of peel out because we had to get outta there. But that moment there for me was, and I, I I, I, I always tell people that, and I, I said, guys, I, I'm not saying hand to God's there all the time. I, again, I've never felt it after. I didn't felt it before, but I felt it that night. So when people say, do you believe in God? I say, no, I know there's God. And he took pity on somebody like me that's probably broken every command. Well, not probably has broken every commandment that we're supposed to keep. No, it was there. I felt it. And it went, oh bullshit. Fine. You don't believe me. I don't care. I Don't think it's bullshit.


And I know, and, and it was amazing. Again, I, I wish I could sit, but it was a golden egg. It was like a, like a Willy Walker Gold Egg, warm, protected, nothing's gonna get you. I got you. And we fought him off and we peeled out. And it was hard to leave because we did have a drone overhead watching everything that I sword come on station and Ronan's like, guys, we gotta go. We get, they're, they're massing. They're going attack the annex. We gotta get out. I'm like, Ronan, we haven't found the ambassador yet. He's like, I know, but we gotta go. And you, you gotta make a decision. Leaders always make decisions, even if they're hard decision. And it sticks with me because, You know, our credo, dude, part of the fist stands of the Ranger is you never leave a fallen Carr to fall in the hands of the enemy.


Every unit has that same out in those words, the same thing. You leave no man behind. And we did, 'cause we had to get back to the annex. And it wasn't the wrong decision. We would've lost 24 if we hadn't gotten back. But it still bothers the fuck at him because we left him. We left him. Now we didn't know he was there. That's still no excuse. We still could've, You know, kept trying to find him. But he, he had gotten so far back in that safe haven area that we just couldn't get back there. And when the fire died down and the fighting moved back to our annex, the locals pulled him out. He was dead of smoke inhalation. There's been talk that he was mutilated and all that. I didn't see it.


And I inspected his body when they brought him to the airfield. You inspected his body. I looked at it. I didn't, no, I didn't pull his drawers down. You know, I didn't do that. I mean, they may, they did cut his genitals off. I I'm not gonna, I'm sorry. I'm just, guys, I'm not gonna do that to me. I looked at it. 'cause what I'm thinking again, ranger battalion, what am I thinking? Randy Shugart, Gary Gordon dragging his body through the streets. So of course I'm gonna look, I'm gonna see if he's scuffed up, I'm gonna see if his face is scuffed up. I'm gonna see if he is cut in places I can see. But he was clothed and I didn't see any marks on his face. I just saw lifeless eyes. And he had still, he still had like dec, You know, smoke from the diesel all over.


So what I saw, I didn't see, I didn't see mutilation. But am I a hundred percent sure? No, because I didn't pull his pants down. And for those that want, wanted me to do that, they can go fuck themselves. Don't do that. No, I'll leave that. I mean, if I was an autopsy guer, but not in that situation. No. That's, I, and I wasn't thinking mutilation, I was thinking dragging through the streets too. Yeah. But we left them. But I, I, I, I, I stand by decision and all of us still do. And as You know, leaders, you're being a leader, You know, you make hard decisions. You have to. And sometimes those hard decisions, even if they're the right ones, they're gonna stick with you for the rest of your life. And that's one that does.


And, but it was the right decision. And we got back to our annex. We had Sean's body in the back of the vehicle. So that was a little surreal. 'cause we all piled into one vehicle. So we had Tyrone, we had Tig and we had Tyrone, we had, yeah, TIG we had myself, we had the interpreter, we had the tl. And Jack was sitting on the top of Sean's body. Wow. As we were driving back in the SUV. And they trailed us, You know, they were following us. We could, it was easy to pick up. And we're like, and I, I wish they would've put this in movie. It's in the book. But I wish they would've put this in there. I actually was making the calls back. I was like, guys, I was telling the gate gates, get get the gate ready.


Ron's like, get the gate ready. And they said, what's your status? You know, you'd always say, we're coming in red, we're coming in black, we're coming in yellow. But, and I said, or we're coming in hot, we're coming in cold. And I don't know, I was just trying to make somebody laugh. I said, guys we're coming in lukewarm. It was stupid. But it was like, I'm just trying to get people to laugh. 'cause it, we've been through a lot at that point. We come in the gate and the state department guys where they tried to get outta there, You know, where we, we got 'em out. The ones that were still, they, they did go the wrong direction. They went towards Adidas. Two houses down was where Ria had a safe house. The consulate was right next to the terrorist safe house.


State Department knew it. We told them a million times. We had taken pictures of it. There's a scene in the movie where you see us driving by and I'm taking a picture of those fuckers and they're flipping me off. That's, that happened. They didn't do a damn thing about it. So when they went out the gate, Jack kept telling 'em, and you hear it on the radio too. And that was during the fire. That's where the confusion happened. 'cause when we were getting attacked and I was shooting, that's when we were trying to get them out of there. It was during all that chaos that Jack's I heard on the radio. 'cause I'm, I'm got a piece in and I hear Jack saying, guys, they're, you're going the wrong way. You're going the wrong way. 'cause we said, go to gunfire. When you go out the gate, do not go to Adidas, you go left. You do not go right. They went right and they got crushed.


And so when we pulled in the armor held, they managed to get back on run flats to our place. That car was just on fire, just flames everywhere. And I thought, You know, they all were dead, but none of 'em died. The armor held. Scott did a great job pushing through. So did Dave getting through. They just went through a gauntlet of gunfire and RPG fire and got chased until they got back to our compound. So that wasn't movie magic at all. They got hammered and it, it just was in the chaos. He just went the wrong direction. And luckily for them, and again, I I kudos a lot to Dave. Dave Uben did an awesome job, but I wouldn't end that vehicle. But if I was to guess, I would say they all kept their heads pretty good.


But Dave probably did the one that was like, get the fuck. We go push through, push through, push through, You know. But we got back, it's on fire. We get, we'd get refitted with whatever we need. As far as ammo, tig did, did drop our grenade launcher. That was a movie magic. He actually dropped it. He didn't, it was a 69 HK 69. He hadn't rechanged the, the normal lanyard that's on it, You know, however we get that. The lanyard that comes with it sucks 'cause it just slides through. We usually cut it and we put five 50 cord on it or something that sticks. And he didn't. So when he was running, it fell off and it fell on the ground. And, but it was weird. And I, I don't have an answer for you.


I wish I did. But we had a second one as well. And for some reason I was looking for it and I couldn't find it. I don't know what happened to it. I ran around for five minutes before I went up on my rooftop looking for that other gray launcher. 'cause t's like, dude, I'm sorry I dropped it. It's like son of a bitch dig. And I ran around, You know, and know, You know how we are, we stage it where it needs to be. It's in the team room. It's in one of the gun lockers. That's where it needs to be. I didn't take it with me because I had a 46 and, and he had the 69 and we didn't put it in the QF vehicle. So I ran and I couldn't find it. And I thought, well maybe Boone did put it in the, in our vehicle. So I ran and looked in the vehicle. I could not find it. It disappeared. To this day, I have no idea what happened at 69.


And I'm thinking, why on earth would would Bob, I'm thinking malicious, but like what would that have done? So I don't know. So I couldn't find another 69. And we had two, but I couldn't find it. I and grabbed more ammo, ran up to building. Firstly we went up to building a vantage point was terrible. And then we jumped at building C where we could see over zombie land and this sheep slaughterhouse. So we had our compounds building here, building here, building here, building here. Front gate here. Zombie land parking lot where they were massing family's houses right there that they were using to come through before they got into zombie land as cover. 'cause they knew we weren't gonna shoot the kids 'cause there were kids in there so we weren't gonna shoot the buildings.


And then the sheep slaughterhouse, the sheep lit was over here. So we got up there. A was not a good vantage point. So me and Boone moved over to Sea Oz and Tagger in a little fineing position right here overlooking zombie land. And they just start moving on us. And you're just seeing it through the night vision. And it was like kids playing hide and seek man. So either just, I, I don't think they thought we had night, we had night vision or they didn't think it was that good 'cause they were just running from bush to Bush. And Ron was awesome. And I, you know, I, I talked about Nick and Paul, the Raven 23 guys. That was heavy on our minds at that time because they had gone to prison for defending themselves. Yeah. So we weren't gonna shoot.


We're like Ronan man, I don't see guns, but they're moving on us, man. They're moving the drones even overhead feeding us intel. You got asymmetric movement, You know, stuff's coming. Rowan's like, do not fucking shoot you see a gun first, then I'll give the command to shoot. And he goes, 'cause I don't wanna go to prison. And he was referencing three guys. So that was on our head. So we just let 'em get, they just kept coming and coming and it got closer and closer. And then finally Boes goes, I got AKs. And they were probably about 25 meters from Oz's position when he saw that. And then this fizz comes over the back gate right when he says that.


And it was a gelatine bomb. And I saw it. 'cause gelatin bombs is like a stick of dynamite. They light a wick. So you can see in their night vision. And it comes over the back gate and it goes over to a and takes position. And I'm like, man, this is gonna miss him man. It's gonna miss him. This is good news. And then this figure comes outta nowhere and this bombs come this way and take has got outta position to go get water. What are the fucking odds, man? I mean the odds are just like winning the lottery. He's here, the bomb's coming. I'm just watching slow motion and it just blows up. And all I see is the white light coming and the world opens up. You know, that was the, that was the in, that was the indicator to start the attack. And they just started shooting and we fucking destroyed 'em.


I mean we were, we had our sectors of fire down. We had our, our, we had all the avenues of approach lockdown. We knew the dead space. I mean, I wish I would've had that 2 0 3. We would've killed a lot more of them. But we just crushed them. And everybody was so disciplined sector. Sector. We stayed within our sectors. We trusted each other on their sectors. And it was interlocking sectors of fire. And it was like coming, it was like coming into a fricking wood chopper. And it just, everybody did awesome. Well, it only took about five minutes really. It's how long as it was. And a lot of you guys have been in fire unless you've been in Afghanistan at a base where they just keep hammering. You most firefights are only about that long.


Yeah. They're gonna, and it's like a boxing mess, You know, you're real quick and then there's some dead time. Unless there's just a massive, massive force or you get stuck and they got the advantage, but they're losing their ass. They're gonna break contact, get back and figure out something. And they did. Well when that ended, I looked and I'm thinking, well, I'm gonna go get t let's go pick up tig. 'cause I figured he was dead. How many, I mean, did you guys have any estimate in your, in your head? Yeah. Yeah. How many do you Think there were? I I think I, and I think the majority, I mean it's, it's, it was hard, but I think we got attacked by maybe over that whole course of period. Not at one time. 200, 300 people, two to 300 people. But not it, You know, it was like that initial one was probably 40 guys fought 'em off.


And then there's another 40. So it could have been the same guys. I, we didn't kill 40. I wish we were that good. You know, I, You know, and hey, we're good at what we do, but come, let's be realistic. But, You know, and then at the antic At the consulate, yeah, easily 40, 50 that we got counter at. I mean, it was 40 50 at a pop and yeah, we were killing them. I mean I, we, we'd shoot 'em. And that's, that's the, that's the, You know, and a lot of us, unless it's within a lot of us that have been in combat, and I'm not saying in a bravado thing or a ego thing, it's just how it is at a distance. 5, 5, 6. If you hit somebody, sometimes it doesn't keep 'em down. Yeah. If close you're in, it's going to, if it's me to you and I hit you, yeah, you're going down, you're not getting back up.


But at 50, 75, a hundred meters you might, but generally they're gonna be able to get back up and they'll, they, they will probably bleed out or they're outta the fight depending on where you hit 'em. I mean, or, but that was where it could have been, You know, how many guy I would, we have estimates, I've seen estimates of Wikipedia, like a thousand, no, 200, 300 over the whole night. And who knows some of those could have been attackers, the same attackers we killed. I don't know. I've got reports again. I've seen reports. A th no, I think we killed, I I know I did, I think a a hundred, 200. I think we did. Girl Oz had our, had had contact at the, at the hospital there.


And You know, Oz and I still talk. We get along, not, we still talk every once in a while. And I remember when we got back, I asked him, I said, dude, what's your contact? Because now You know we're Americans, we like to keep score, right? And I said, dude, did you ever get a word? How many we got, man? How many we killed? And he goes, I didn't ever get a number, but he, they, my contact at the hospital said that they just kept bringing bodies and injured in all night. So I was like, well that's good enough for me. I mean, after that it didn't matter 'cause it was nice seeing them turn tail and run. That's even more. And, but yeah, we fought 'em off and the reason tig didn't die, the gelatin bomb hit him and it landed right by his feet and blew up. It's just 'cause he's so big, it would've stopped my heart.


You know, it's just a big, it's just a huge flash bang. It's used for fishing, it's for dropping in the Mediterranean, blowing fish come up, You know, it's, it's Mediterranean redneck fishing. And, but it fucked him up. He still has problems. His shoulder goes numb, his back's outta whack. But he got up and that's a testament to how tough he is. He got up and he got back in the fight and he actually got hit around. We round hit his armor. It was a piece of round it hit a hit the metal post and a she either the post or something come and hit him and knocked him down. And he got up and kept fighting. And he's a tough son bitch. He's a tough redneck. Takes good good people man. Yeah. And but that was, it was awesome. And it gave us a wave of confidence.


It did. It was like, okay, we got this. We, we, our, we our battle plan, our force protection plan, our sectors of fire, they're on. Alright, let's keep doing what we're doing. And throughout that timeframe, You know, we're still thinking Americans are gonna help. We're still thinking that the IRS are seeing everything and we're thinking somebody's coming, cavalry's coming. But they weren't. But at that time, in time, we still had some fate that they were, 'cause they normally did. Everywhere else I was at cavalry came whether it was another GRS team, whether it was a scorpion team and NSA, you know, the GRS equivalent at the NSA, whether it was military, somebody was Brits, somebody was coming.


And between that two hour lull of 1:00 AM to 3:00 AM where the next attack happened, that's where we started to come to realization. Nobody's coming. And, and the reason is, 'cause we had a, we didn't put him in the movie, but we had a old Vietnam veteran that manned our radios. Our one 17, he was a staffer with the agency. Great guy, RTON, Vietnam. Wonderful guy. He still cries every time we see him because he apologizes for not getting us help. We already had QF elements on station, You know, it was, You know, we had a nine one one call we could call.


'cause that's what we do. JRS that's what our jobs is, is to coordinate with the other units. So if we need people, we can just hit a button, go on 10 alpha, comment on one seven on the one seventeens and say we need help. You know, we have one 17. And every so often throughout the next couple hours, Boone would come to me and say, Hey, we gotta hold the Delta man. They're on our way. On their way. And little did we know they had were coming, but they got diverted to, I think it's Croatia, five 55th fighter wing. That was our big, we, we always thought we had them. They had two jets at Su Bay, Greece, SU Bay Greece is five minutes with Afterburners to Libya. And then they had the five 55th fighter ring the whole unit up in Aviano.


It's a QRF base. That's what it's there for. We figured they were coming Boone's like, no, they're not coming. The fast company Marines, there was one in Spain and there was one in the med near Sigonella. And we thought they were coming. They, he'd keep coming back to me every after he'd told me somebody was coming, he'd come back and say, no, they're not. We're we're not getting words. There's no confirmation. They're coming. And then that SF the, the ambassador's old, the ambassador's, primary security team, their planners in the trims force that had the been in Croatian, got repositioned to the staging area. That was when I really knew nobody was coming.


'cause when he said not they're, they, they're not on their way anymore either. He came and, Hey, hey, that sift team, the commander's team's coming, you guys actually went through this entire checklist. That's his job and that's our job. And yes, we went down the line every, that's why politicians, and that's why the CIA pisses me off. That's our job. They know that. Well, politicians may not know that, but the agency knows that. That's what our main response is. GRS we're protective services. And it's also to protect our assets if something happens to get the assets needed that we, assets that are in the area to us if we need them. So we had them all, we knew 'em all. It was, I I was in charge of that when I was there, but it's always pa You know, every time it's passed down to somebody.


Yeah. So it's always refined and improved and refined and approved. So it, it was the RTO, the Vietnam RTO. That was, that was his job. And he was very good at it. And he, and he was very supportive of us. And the reason he cries when he sees us now, I remember, and, and I remember I saw him in Texas when I was doing a lot of speaking back in 2016. And I got pissed at him. We were out, bit of speaking event there in Fort Worth. And his wife's wonderful lady, they came to have a drink with me. And I think TIG was there as well. And I got pissed, I got drunk. And he hadn't said anything as far as testimony yet.


And he can blow the doors off all the help that was around there. He could verify what we saw. And it, and I'm like, quit being a fucking pussy dude. Stop, go tell him what happened. And he got up and I saw, I feel bad. He got up. I saw I, he tears in his eyes and he walked away. His wife's sitting there, his wife's Texas from Dales. I go, ma'am, I'm sorry. She goes, no, I've been telling him the same thing to tell. And I said, well why hasn't he, he goes, because they're gonna pull his pension in if he does, where they don't get his retirement. And I, I was like, okay. And I, I'd never say anything about it again, I love the guy.


I love him and he has a lot of info out there. But I do respect people in their family. And if that's not for my selfish reasons or anything else, I understand that. And I never bugged him about it again. And I never will again. 'cause I I respect that I do. Is it right? No, I don't think it's right. But I still respect his decision. And he did try, he did try his off. Well, 3:00 AM we get hit again. And it was like the movie show and we just, it was just, they did the same tactics and we just crushed them. It's like waves hit a retaining wall, man.


And it was a, it, it, it was, it, very, very satisfying. But it was, man, how long is this gonna keep up? Because we had a ton of M four ammo tons. But we're eventually gonna run out. We're eventually gonna get tired. We're eventually, they're eventually gonna get it figured out and hit us with a car bomb. I was so shocked they hadn't hit us with a car bomb yet. 'cause that was when Iraq or Afghanistan, that's probably what they would've just done. Yeah. Drove a car and blow up the wall. But they hadn't. So I was really shocked at that. But You know, you think about your family a little bit. And before that second attack, I had thought about my family and I just remembered the phone call. And I just remembered it briefly. And I, I thought about them and I just remembered the, the last thing they heard from me.


Did I tell I loved him? And I did. So I was okay. I didn't think about rest the night. It was the last words. Did my daughter, my son and my wife know that I love them before I got off the phone. Yeah. I told 'em I loved him down my head, rest the night. And by 3:00 AM you're starting to get, and what I was doing at that point in time, having some self-reflection, getting motivated that they're gonna breach the walls probably eventually. And that I'm not, I gotta get it in my head that we may need to start, it's gonna get close quarter and we're gonna maybe start stabbing. It's gonna start ing and that's a totally different animal that's shooting. It's intimate. And that's a my, if you're used to that, there's something wrong with you.


Mental my opinion, I mean, shooting, I understand I've done that. It's, it's kind of impersonal. And because of the way we're trained, it's almost like you can imagine targets and also they're terrorists who gives a fuck. But when they're up and you gotta stab, that's different. At least to me, maybe not to others, but it's, and I, you, I gotta get my mind right if that's gonna happen. So I'm starting to get the mindset of hand to hand. You know, so I respect those guys from World War II and World War I fighting, trench fighting. Wow. It's like, God, those guys are bad. I ain't shit. Those guys are badass. But, and the tunnel rats, You know, from Vietnam,


but we get word Bubs coming in and I didn't know this for, for several years, but bub actually ponied up money from his own bank account to rent that old executives jet. I don't know if he was ever paid back. Are you kidding? I found that out. Actually. I found that out from his, his best friend Sean, who runs Bob's Naturals. But he came on my podcast and I had no idea that, I didn't know that. Wow. But that tells you how Bob is. Yeah. Pointed up money. I'm sure he was. I think, I think what Sean said is the Seal Foundation came in and actually reimbursed. I don't have if the see I ever paid him, which fucked him. Anyway. But anyway, that's Bob man. That's bob his own money. And they rented his, our executives jet. It was, it was like a G six. It was, it was nice. It did have flight attendants on there. Serious. No shit. Flight attendants. 'cause they were waiting for us when we got to man.


And, but he gets there and they got there actually at midnight and they just, it took them so long to coordinate to get the 10 kilometers of our place. By the time they got to our place, it was about 5:00 AM and they get there. And I remember them coming in and I remember I was being my smart ass self. I'm, I was saying, Hey, fucking welcome the party motherfuckers better late than never, man. Did you bring me something to drink? And I remember Bub Bub walked by and the TL that was with him, he was a former BW guy that went to the dark side because he started sleeping with a case officer. So he got married her though it wasn't bad. He married her, but he even become a Stafford. But they both went, they walked by me and they did like fucking tano.


And they both flipped me off. They, I was giving them shit. And they went back. All of them, all the GRS guys, aside from BUB went into building C. There were two Delta guys that were worked with us in Tripoli. They went into building C two and BUB was the only one that came up to build, I mean building. Building, yeah, building C. Yeah. The, the, the headquarters building. And then Bubba went on top of building C. So like I said, keep in mind here I'm on building A, building C's, I'm sorry, building A here, building C here B, they're in B I'm sorry, that's headquarter building, building B and then building A or building, I'm getting confused here.


A, B, C, D, sorry. A. They went in building C D's here, Jack's here, Boone's still up here. I went on the front gate building, which is a, and I need to take a crap. Couldn't get anybody to relieve me. And Boone said, go take a shit. So I skied down, you know, Bo function still happened when all this you guys, You know that they, they don't stop scurried down the stairs. Took my shit, got back up and all of a sudden air a sh and it didn't sound like a mortar. It didn't. And I don't know, I, my hearing had been shot out. You know, I had earpiece in winter, but I didn't wear hearing protection in the other. So, and Boone been shooting an SR 25 by my ear all night and I'm shooting either my M four or 46.


So my hearing's gone and I went, did you guys hear that? It sounded like somebody's, it, You know what it sounded like when we used to hear the, the one oh sevens come in and I arrived here. That's what it sounded like. I thought it was a rocket. And I said, did you guys hear that? And then, I don't know, something in me said more. I go, mortars, mortars. And so I said, take cover. The first one hit and it hit on the backside of building C. And that's when the world opened up again. And I remember Ronan, he just spun. He spun and he went cyclic on that other 46. And he's just over where the sheep slaughterhouse says they're trying to come through there now, like idiots. They're walking their, their troops into where the mortars are coming fine with me.


They can take out their own guys that they want. But Rowan is just, so I'm seeing this laser beam because it's not daylight movie. It shows this daylight is actually was a a b before morning nautical twilight. So it's, You know, it's right where the sun's may, but the night vision, you still need your night vision. So I'm watching all this. I'm seeing one guy turn and start to shoot that direction. I'm seeing another guy turn, which was Oz. The next guy was Bub and the next guy was Dave Uben. And of course I wanna get my gun in the fight, but I can't see the targets because they're here, I'm here the targets, they're coming from this direction, motors are coming from this way. So I'm shooting over their heads. I put a couple rounds down and I look and I think, you know, we, we kind already went through this before, but I look behind me to make sure there's nobody coming from my six.


'cause I still got areas of responsibility. Nobody's there. I turn on, could a couple more shots and I see the next one hit and this one hits on building C. It hits right by the parapet wall, boom blows up as my nivision goes white. And it comes back. Those four guys that were shooting are now three. So it's like, it was, it's like, You know, close your eyes, you see four, open your eyes, there's three Dave's hit. Dave got hit with a 81. It sheared half his leg off. It sheared half his arm off. They were on, but they were just hanging by tendons and, and he's screaming and he, I like, how did you hear that? I don't know how I heard it, but I heard him screaming. I'm here. He's yelling, he's screaming. I heard all I could hear it. I'm still shooting. They're still shooting.


I turn around and make sure nobody's coming again. 'cause I still got my six. We still gotta fight. We gotta finish it. You can't quit. They gotta take care of Dave. I'm not running off my position and help him. Somebody. I'm just expecting maybe the delta guys or somebody to come up and help. But who I don't know. We got a fight to go. I put three rounds over the top of their head. I went boom, boom, boom. And as soon as I did that, three round, three mortars far for effect, boom, boom, boom. And when they did that, my night vision went completely white because the overabundance of light. And as it came back, they were gone. And I saw the pixie dust, I saw the charge particles 'cause any of those explosions, if it's fine particles or dust and, and there's not a lot of wind and there wasn't.


And there's a lot of, you can see the particles coming down 'cause they can get charged or heated. So I'm watching the pixie dust come down and it, it, it really did look like they got turned to dust. My brain's like, 'cause they're gone. All of a sudden they're gone. Then there's a cloud of dust. And I'm like, man, I I, we can't beat this. We don't any air support. And I put my head down, I said, on and god's and I know it was God, it was God or my mom. And he said, get your gun up Ranger. And I kept fighting and Jack kept fighting and boo kept fighting and we fought those guys off that were coming for us. Boone and Jack per, they had better avenue, fields of fire than I did.


But, and they did awesome. But the mortar stopped. And at the time I was like, wow, wonder why they stopped. I mean they hit with the building they wanted to hit. It was far for effect. They had that thing locked in. That's our main building. That's skiff. That's where all of our troops are. That's where all of our equipment is. That's where all of our, all of our comms are is that building. They knew which building to hit. And unlike David Petraeus who needs this RA ranger tab pulled that said, well it must have been a truck. And they just ran a truck and they just rap Ha haphazardly put a mortar tube in the back of a truck. Come on man. Come on man. What's up infantry officer? I got respect for Petra. But when he said that, I'm like, dude, come.


Anyway, the reason they stopped the movie, I wish they would've edited it a little bit better. You see the militia take off before the mortars came. They actually took off after that first sh when I heard that sh they must have heard it. They had, I don't know, they must have known what it was more than me. Which again, my hearing had gone to shit. They took off and then that first one hit, they went and took the mortar team out for us. Their commander had actually come in with our team and he was in the building C when those mortars were hitting. So there, that first one, they were, they scattered because that's their tactics.


When they knew something was coming, a mortar was coming in. So they're moving their vehicles so they're not part of the carnage. And then I could hear in the distance tires screeching gunfire then the direction of the mortars were coming from. And they went and took the mortar team out for us because their commander had got caught in building C when the attack happened. Lord works a mysterious voice brother. Yeah, no kidding. And the ironic thing is too is the mortar team, that whole militia belonged. They were former Omar Kaddafi commanders. Wow. We got saved, You know, we got saved. Omar Kaddafi.


So yeah. So for anybody to think that we went in there to overthrow Omar Kafi, that's bullshit. We went in there to, to stabilize a region so the Muslim Brotherhood could come in and stabilize it under that foreign policy under the Obama administration. And we needed Gaddafi's weapons to go and give to the friendly militias as McCain would say. But anyway, they saved us and mortar stopped. And then at 7:00 AM You know, a militia was coming in and I remember there was just me and Boone and Jack left nobody. And it would piss me. Nobody would come and relieve us. It was like, dude, it was like guys, GRS guys, Delta will somebody come give us a break?


I mean, come on. It's like having a patrol base and You know, you gotta give guys breaks. Nobody would come relieve us. So we stayed up there. And I remember Bob said the Delta guys didn't come up. No, no. And I'm, I got no heartache with I I did for a big time. What were they doing? I don't know. I that's a good question. I have no idea. And I, they're Delta, I know they do hardcore shit and I got no heartache with them. I'm not trying to throw 'em under the bus here. It's just, it is what it is. And I know they're, they're fucking warriors because they're Delta you, you, you kinda have to be the be at the unit. Now I've seen guys bolo shoots as at, from the unit too, going through TDC and and going.


But like anybody, they have bad days, but they're, I, I just, I don't know, maybe they're on our different, I would, I, I would like to know if you ever get 'em on. I would love to know what the hell they were doing. Maybe it was document destruction, destroying classified documents of why we were there. I don't know. I mean that's what we put in the movie. Michael Bay actually has a pretty good, he has a pretty good, he has his own peeps within the agency that feed him shit and DOD because they love him because he makes him look really good. Which he should. He's honoring, he loves veterans. So maybe that's, maybe he put that in there because that's what they were doing. I don't know. I, and but all I know is they couldn't, they wouldn't relieve us. 'cause I kept calling for him and then I kept making fun.


Like, Hey D boys, you think you could come and relieve us? I gotta get a drink of water. You know, I was just on the, the open mic so everybody could hear it. So I was being my normal jackass pissed off self. Anyway, when the militia was coming in, when says to me, he goes, toner, you got the front gate. He goes, make sure this militia that we got coming is friendly. All I had left was my M four. That's all I had m left for. That's all I had. My peace shooter. It's daytime now. And I remember asking Bob, I go, Roger that chief, I got front gate understood. Can you gimme some description of who I'm looking for? He goes, I don't know Tano.


I said, Bob, I said, chief, do you have vehicle colors? Insignia I can id. He goes, we don't have any of that information and I'm the TLS needs to be start chipping in. You know, I'm asking the TL the same things. I go there uniforms I can look for. Do I have communication via cell phone? My, my my burn phone? Can I call somebody? You guys have communication. We lost communication. I go, gimme a number, Bob. At least he goes, our team leader comes across radio, radio. He goes tano, the, the numbers between 30 to 50, they're all technicals. Holy fuck. And I got on the radio and we didn't put it in the movie, but I, I said, and you guys expect me to fight these fuckers off with a peace shooter.


I said, Roger that and can no response. 'cause why, why keep poking the bear? 'cause I'll, I'll keep giving him shit. And I just said to him, and I go on the radio, I clicked it one more time. I said, Bob, you've been a plethora of information and it I really appreciate and being a smart ass. And I went dark and I saw him coming. Pablo played it. I, it still breaks. I mean it does, it breaks my heart when I see it. 'cause he played it so spot on. 'cause that's how exactly I felt. I'm watching these technicals and it is a huge malicious, they bad, You know, You know what technicals are. It's those hiluxes with those discs or or anti-aircraft guns in the back or a p cam mounted and it's, it's badass militia.


And as they're coming in, I get behind that parapet wall at three foot high and I made myself as small as I could. I had an EOTech, it was on and I put the EOTech on the passenger. 'cause I'm thinking to myself, you know, Hey, this ain't over. It's not over until it all over. It's not over until it ends man. And I'm dead or they're dead. It's probably gonna be me. And all I'm thinking is that dis is gonna rip me in half and I hope it's quick, but I'm thinking to myself, I'm at least gonna get one of 'em. And I got my infrared do, I mean my EO tech on the passenger who looks like a commander, I don't know, but he's pasture. And then I'm just rotating back and forth from the disc of gunner to the pasture. 'cause if I see the disc of Gunner move and he hits that fly, I'm gonna hit that fly, then fly trigger.


I'm gonna pull, pull my trigger and at least get him and then I'll get ripped up. But I just couldn't think of anything else. I had no way to connect them. I learned the jumbo in Mosul at Meez because we had Sudanese guards and every time we leave the gate they would throw up the jumbo to me in 2008. So one day I stopped and asked 'em, I said, what does that mean, dude? They, it it means good morning. It officially is Swahili. It means good morning. You'll see it on shirts and guess said jumbo, but because the shock is much cooler and it be cool, they've kind of adopted that. And that's what they told me. I said, so it just means be cool. So I would throw that up and every time I threw it up, if I wanted to see if somebody was friendly, I, if I got it back, well I'm here. So nine times outta 10 it was friendly and I couldn't take anything else.


And I went like this. And I, man, I was, I I was, you could have put a lump of coal my ass. It would've been a diamond like that. I was like just tight. And they're both chewing cot. I remember the cot 'cause they had big wads of cot in their mouth. For those that don't know what cot is, it's amphetamine. They dip before they go into battle. It's a, it's like a leaf, but it's, it's like chewing copa. It's like mixing Copenhagen with cocaine and steroids. It's what it's, and it rots your teeth. It turns your mouth brown. You chew it all enough. It's, it's, it makes you look like a heroin addict if you chew it. And it look like they'd been chewing it forever. Just gross and caught everywhere.


And I remember doing this, I went like this and I, I'm thinking to myself, this is gonna hurt. And the passenger reached out and he smiled at me. He smiled this huge cot, brown teeth. And he went and he was that close. I could see him that vividly. And he smiled, threw the jambo up and the disc gunner got, took one hand off the fly, took off that disc of the back and he went like this. No. And it was shit. And I said, people watch the movie. Like, that's so, that's so dramatized. Like, oh, that's the fuck what happened. And I said, my wife is gorgeous. My kids are beautiful, beautiful smiles.


But they know this. And I told 'em, I said, honey, I love you honey. You got a beautiful smile. But that smile, that that caught filled still just the most beautiful smile I've ever seen in my life. And, and I did. I did lose it. It was like for briefly I did. I just kinda let it out. And I got on the radio and I went there with us there with us. And I, I mean I'm hoping the movie what Alden felt like you see in the movie. I'm hoping that's how they felt in there. Where it just was somebody, what had happened. And I don't know how Bob didn't get this fucking information since the commander was right in there.


The buddies that took the militia, the militia that took the mortar team out, they went and got more of their buddies. So they just got more kaddafi people. So we got saved by Kaddafi twice. Wow. And that, and, and then we got outta there, You know, and got to the airfield. And there was some, there was some fights over our vehicles. I mean in the movie it showed a few guys. There was actually probably about 15 guys that wanted our vehicles. It was kind of comical. 'cause some guy indeed is ak when they were fighting over our ve So we're in the middle and we're trying to get people on. And, and this again, this is a respect I have for Oz and I've said it before. I think it was either with you or with, but again, you respect, even if you don't like people you respect and give respect when it's due.


And again, he did. He was John Wayne. He said the coolest fucking thing. And he did say this when we got there. We were trying to help him off the back of the truck and get on the plane. And he wouldn't let us help him. He climbed his own. Yeah. For, no, he climbed his own ass down from the building. Bleeding. I dunno if he said it during his interview, he may have. But that was pretty fucking impressive. He was down pepper, shrapnel, arms playing off. And he, he climbed down a ladder. One handed, he slipped on a rung and caught himself with his elbow. And then he walked himself down. So me and Ozzy may not get along, but he's one of the toughest, some bitches I've ever been with. And when he said that, I was like, God dang, I wish I would have said that man.


I said, damn, that's some John Wayne Clint Eastwood shit right there. And he walked in there and the flight attendants were out there. What did he Say again? I walked into this country, I'm gonna walk out. He said it wasn't movie, it wasn't script. That's what he said. We're all standing there. And all of us were like, damn Man. I'll say it's, it's just nice to hear you guys have a healthy respect for each Other. We do. You have to. You go through that. And I said, you don't, you're not gonna get along with everybody. You can't hang out with everybody. I'm not for everybody believe, believe me, there'd be like, man, I hate that son bitch. But if I need him and I want 'em on with me in the front with me and there's some that don't, some that I hate that son bitch.


I don't want 'em anywhere near me. And there's some that man, if we go through the gates of hell, I want you standing right next to me. That's just, that's just humans. That's just how we are. You're not gonna like everybody. But if you have a job to do, and this goes in corporate world, this goes in the military, anywhere private military, you have a goal. You need to reach that goal. You better be all on the same focus, the same path. Now you may have different jobs, but don't create more drama by not liking each other. And that, that's a good leader that puts you in positions that don't make you co-mingle all the time. Which Ron did. He put us in jobs and responsibilities that if we had to do stuff together, we did.


But if it wasn't necessary then he wasn't forcing us. So we had a healthy dose of each other when we needed. But if we didn't, like we didn't write altogether, it wasn't necessary for us to, me and him do, do the, do the, I can't call him, You know, it's got names for it, but it wasn't necessary for us to do the meetings and the pickups and all that together. You didn't do that. You didn't And you had leaders that would force guys to ride. You don't want No, we didn't like each other. So there's other guys, Oz to, you don't have to ride together. There's plenty of other people here. And they put us in different vehicles. Yeah. So, but what was funny, I'm comical on that is is it only showed in the movie that the, the flight attendant put one towel down on the stairs.


'cause Oz was bleeding over everything. She actually came down, was putting multiple towels all along the stairs and was putting 'em in the fusel shit. 'cause she was more worried about blood getting all over the plane than, than Oz helping Oz into the plane. She didn't give him a hand, nothing. She just let him walk up like, wow, if that ain't, honestly, that's probably more closer to humanity today than how people are today than it really was back then. But he got on there and Dave, God bless Bub dude, bub sacrificed his life saved two guys. He gave himself John 15, 13, man. He exemplified that Dave and Oz would've bled out.


Dave was bleeding out. He went into a conv. He went into convulsions twice. 'cause our his tourniquets kept coming loose. So he was losing so much blood. We were out of IVs. But because that plane was there, we had a little bit of a miss, a little bit of a problem. When we got everybody on the plane, as we got everybody on the plane, we heard a, a pop, somebody shot their gun on the plane. The heating and air guy had a pistol of all the contractors had sidearms if they were weapons qualified. Our HVAC guy that was a contractor there with us, he had a pistol. He took it out to clear it, dropped the magazine. And instead of racking the slide, he pulled the trigger and he shot the plane.


So the plane sat there for an extra 10 minutes while we tried to locate the bullet. 'cause the pilot wouldn't fly if there was a hole in the fuselage. And we got lucky, it lodged in one of the iron frames of the back of a seat. Wow. Insult the injury and just comical. Comical. Wow. And finally we found it. That's when it got out there. And there was a Libyan, a western trained Libyan doctor. And one of the deltas had 18, deltas had got back to Tripoli from that. I, I dunno if it was from the sift team or he'd come in from Djibouti or, but there was a delta that was waiting there, an 18 delta from one of the groups that was working in the region. And I still don't know who it was, I just know it was a, an was an SF guy.


And they got, they got him stabilized. Dave stabilized Dave, good to go. They got Oz, good to go. And then we sat and waited and that's when I inspected the ambassador's body. They brought his body on. I opened up the body bag. And again, I don't think he was des You know, his genitals were mutilated. I didn't look and I didn't see blood down there. But that doesn't mean nothing. They could have cleaned it up and just pulled his pants on. But I didn't see any marks that indicated he was drugged through the streets, which is what I was looking for. T looked at him too. And TIG didn't see anything that indicated that as well. So we are saying no. Could it have happened? Sure, it could have. But we didn't see it. A C one 30 landed at 10 30.


And as I'm seeing it come in, you, you, you know, you've been around, you know the telltale signs, even from a distance of what a one 30 looks like coming in. It's beautiful. Coming in, dueling, just cracking, looking at the tail boom. And I'm thinking to myself, fine. Well better late than never America. Oh. And as it gets closer, I'm like, are my eyes deceiving? Man, I said that that's red, green and black. That's not an American flag. And as it gets closer, I verified it's a Libyan flag and it lands. And I remember thinking what I was like still. And I said it to myself out loud to myself. I said, still no Americans. Whatever goes down, I figure we're gonna hot load it.


So it's gonna drive, it's gonna drop its ramp and we're gonna, it's gonna turn and then we're just gonna run in and take off. It didn't, it went by us, went down about 400 to 600 meters, banked a right. Shut his engines down. And like that's odd. Okay, I, well maybe they need to refuel. And I look at my TI look at the tl, I go, is that for us? He goes, I don't know. And our country, TL was there as well. And I asked him, I go, is that for us? We jumped in some cars that we had left, we jumped in. We had another interpreter that was our expediter from the airport.


He had a vehicle jumped down there. They were all sitting in the room drinking chai. They were, they were max and relaxing. Went to the pilots we're like, is this for? And they had no idea what had just happened. They had no idea what had just happened. And we ended up talking them into flying us out. Have faith, man. Wow. Have faith. God, I always tell people, never lose your faith. It's amazing that if you have faith, your luck increases. It just showed up. And that was something that honestly I pushed when we were doing all the testimonies and I, and nobody really ever cared. Wow.


So I just let it go. I, I don't push it anymore, but I like to tell about it because it is a question, it is a, Hey man, God still in control, man. Yeah. And I, I am gonna talk about the, I do, because this is why I don't when like Obama or anyone, Mike Rogers, he's re poking. He talks shit about Benghazi. He's a terrible man. Whenever they call a conspiracy or they say, oh, it didn't happen the way they said they, when we got on that plane, and forgive me, Katie and Bubba's family, but I do wanna talk, 'cause this is, this is why politicians need to shut their fucking mouth is Bubs rigor.


Mortis had sit in, so his arm was, when we got on the plane wheel of the bodies in, we didn't have body bags for everybody. So we had to put sheets over a sheet over above because we didn't have enough. And he had, again, he had gotten dropped off the roof by the Ds. They dropped them. I don't know why. Again, I, I've come to turn with that. I'm not gonna beat those guys up. They're, they're, they're, they're they, man. They're Ds I know they served their country well and they're, they're, they did well. They, you, if you ever have 'em on, you can ask them, but his arm was up in the air, so it was, You know, we had him covered with a sheet, but his arm was like this the whole time. It's like an elephant in the room.


You're on a C one 30 and I'm on the, we're on sitting on this side on the webbing and they're sitting on that side of the webbing and you're seeing these dead bodies here. And everybody's pretty much covered up. But Bob's arm is out there and, and everybody's just staring at it. And I was like, what the fuck? Okay. I was like, well fuck if I have to be the one to do it. I didn't say it, but that's what I thought. And I walked over there and I thought it was disrespectful to leave him like that. So I just grabbed his arm and I went wrapped and I ripped it down and I felt everything ripped, but I could tuck his arm underneath the, the sheet so he could, so we couldn't see it anymore.


And You know, I I, I don't, I don't know if that was right or not, but I just, I couldn't ride an hour watching his, and everybody was staring at it and it was just silent on the plane. It's like nobody wanted to acknowledge that that had, that was going on, or maybe what had just happened. And it was like, fuck. It was all I, and it, maybe this is the, I have everybody, I have a little sociopath. It is like, man, do I always have to be the one to, to do the, do the dirty shit? And that's what I kinda felt. But it, but I'm glad I did. 'cause I, I, I know I, I thought it was more disrespectful to leave his arm up in the air and leave him in that position and get him settled, get his arm underneath and have him be in a respectful position.


And it, that still bothers me. And I don't really talk, I don't talk about that too much because one of all, I don't talk about it a lot because it bothers a shit on him, obviously. But because I I I, I don't want to disrespect the Dougherty family by saying that, that, You know, maybe it, they, they would think of it like a desecration and that's not what it was for me first. I mean, you did it outta respect, man. And that's, that's what I, that's what it was. And, and that's not a rationalization. And I, but I also, you, you're just doing the best you can. That's it. You always respect family though. You always respect other people's family. 'cause especially people you serve with. 'cause you want them to respect your family. And, and I love, I think Katie and what she's done with the Glen Doty Memorial Foundation and, and, and, and Glen's brother with the, they're amazing people.


And Mrs. Dougherty passed away I think a few years ago. But You know, I have the most respect for them because they lost their son needlessly. And I just don't wanna harp on that. But I do want people to understand and know that, so when they hear a politician say, Benghazi 'cause as a conspiracy or Benghazi didn't happen, or those guys are not telling the story. Right. I want 'em to hear stuff like that because that's, that's why I get angry. Nobody believes politicians. Right? I hope they don't. I hope not. Well, regardless, it happened and we got back to Tripoli and went back and, You know, we, we got off the plane, we went to the, the annex there in Tripoli.


I, I took a shower and got some food and I was a big Copenhagen Dipper at the time. So I was like, man, does somebody have Copenhagen? I need some co big dip in, there's actually a picture. There was one picture taken of me sitting on the steps of the annex in Tripoli. I borrowed somebody's New York Yankees hat. I didn't have any clothes because I wasn't able to get my gear. So I borrowed somebody's white under T-shirt and I had somebody's pants on that didn't fit me. So it looks like I'm a lot bigger than what I am down there, but I'm not. 'cause they were tight, too tight on me. And I have a big old dip in and my sunglasses on and I'm trying to come to terms with it all. And I got some food in my belly. And then, then we, they load all the contractors.


Now the staffers, they load all the contractors on a, on a motorcade. The Jewish guys are there. We load in our cars, we drive down the airfield, the Air Force crew chief, she was awesome. Broke every re in the world to let us load those flag drape coffin. They already had the flag. She was incredible. She already had 'em, Flagg d draped coffins ready to go pristine. It was, you couldn't have done any better than at Dover. She was incredible. And the, the pilot, Eric Stahl, Lieutenant Colonel Eric Stahl, who was a C 17 wonderful, every r in the world, they broke to accommodate us. They had already loaded Oz's Oz was already on, you know, I gotta, I'm not gonna post it 'cause it, it's, it's for Oz, You know.


But I got a picture of him where he's in his gurney, Ivy's in, he's coherent. He's doing this to me. But he's on the plane. Dave is sedated, of course he's out 'cause he's massive, massive trauma. Get the coffins on ramp closes, we take off and we fly to fly to Germany and then we get to Germany and plane lands. I didn't let go of my rifle the whole time. Or my ammo give two fucks. It's not going anywhere. It stays right next to me with my ammo. So when we get there, and I wish I would've known what I know now about General Ham, but he's on the ready to greet us, the Eurocom commander, he's the one that controls the Eurocom forces there.


He's the one that can sacrifice his position and tell Obama and Hillary to go F himself and send us troops. You know? Well he gets on and I don't even remember what he said to be honest with you. I just remember he said something positive to us. You know, he's an infantry guy, ranger cab, all that. And all I remember is I remember going up to him and saying, Hey sir, is there an amnesty box anywhere? 'cause I got a bunch of ammo. I need to, I need to download. And that's my conversation with him. But if I would've known that he didn't, he could have sent people and he didn't. And I probably would've had a different conversation, but I didn't know at the time. Yeah. He goes, yeah sir. He says he, he's a good job. He goes, great job man.


And he goes, it's right over there. And I walk over there and there's a sergeant in harm, like a sergeant. I would say sergeant in arms, but whatever the ammo drive. And there's a, there's a sergeant there and I gave a tech sergeant, air Force guy, I gave him the ammo. And that's why I always tell people, support the USO. 'cause they were already there waiting for us. And this lady come, she was the nicest lady, 50 something lady, blonde hair, about five foot six. She comes up to me and she goes, she goes, she, they already know what happened. They know what happened. They know the story. They know Where're coming from anyway, they don't know her agency. They just know that there was a bottle. There's some desks, there's some military and some civilians coming in.


Get your shit ready. And they already had stuff laid out like toilet trees, underwear, You know, clothes, shoes. And she comes up to me and she goes, what'd you lose? She goes, what'd you, you okay? I said, yes ma'am. She goes, what'd you lose? I said, ma'am, I lost everything. She goes, okay. And she started taking me around and I got some money, You know, I got some jammies, I got some sweats, USO sweats and, and I got my toiletries. And then we got to the end of it. She goes, write down what you need. I said, ma'am. She goes, no, I need you to write down what you need. 'cause you might be here for about four or five days. I said, every what? And she goes, anything. So I'm just doing, You know, I lost my tennis shoes, I lost my jeans, I lost my t-shirts.


And I gave her a list. And it was, it was a full page of stuff. I lost. I wasn't being a dick. I lost it. I, You know, lost my PlayStation. I, I was like, stuff, I, I handed it to her and I go back to my room and they put us into a nice room. It's Air Force, it's nice rooms, man. It's like a hotel. I don't, it felt like a hotel. It put us in right next to bx, which Air Force Base Exchange, army PX Post Exchange. But it's Air Force BX and I lay down for a second. I can't sleep. I knock on my door at 1:00 AM 'cause we're, we got in real late. We got in like at 11 to the, to Germany when we finally got there. And it was her. And she had two bags. She goes, here, she goes, I got your stuff.


And I didn't, I didn't break down in front of her, but I did where I closed the door because it was, well, first time I'd felt or pe or someone generally cared, like actually gave a shit. Not like Bob who came after her when we were at Triple. And he goes, thanks man, thank you. And I, I think he was trying to be sincere, but when you're that long in the agency, your sincerity is never, no, not there anymore. Or having somebody say, man, great job. It, it wasn't, and the JRS guys, they don't know what's, you know, we, what do we say? You know, it's, it, I know it's sincere, but it's a, it's a good job.


Fist bump. But actual, like a mother figure saying caring, it meant a lot. And, and then I, You know, I put the clothes on. She got me some jeans, she got me some running shoes. So I felt normal. And toiletries took a shower. And then I slept for about four or five hours. And then I got up and I turned the TV on and I saw Susan Rice already on tv. And I remember I called Jack and they were saying, video and a protest. And I, like I said, are you seeing this fucking shit? And we turned it on and I just turned it it off and I, he turned it off and we didn't wanna watch it.


'cause we figured at that point we're like, somebody's gonna tell the truth. You still have some optimism that there's some heart and some integrity within the government that somebody is gonna say something. And we still had that. At that point. It had only been a day, You know, who knows if I'd have known what I know now, 12 years later it probably would've been more vocal at that point in time. But we still had that, we still had that faith that there was still integrity and ethics and morality in DC We hadn't seen behind the curtain yet. We had a little bit, but not really, you know, because we didn't, that wasn't our job.


And we stayed on there. And then I remember that night we got super piss drunk. There's still a picture that I'll post every once in a while of me, Jack Boone and Tig and actually the State Department. Alec was on one side, but I'll crop him out because I just, I don't know if he wants to be seen. And I'm smiling a little bit and I still, I, I honestly feel bad that I'm doing it. Like what the, I'm looking at going, what the fuck am I smiling at? But I remember that I'm just trying to get through it. And I remember that I was, I would drunker and shit, dude. I was so drunk. And we had been laughing together, healing together before that picture was taken. 'cause Tig was telling me, man, did you, man, this is what I did.


And Boone was, and some of the shit is comical. That's why I'm glad we got the comical shit in the movie. 'cause that's, you know, You know, that happens man. They miss the bravados there in all the movies. Lone Survivor, America Sniper, black Hawk down, You know, even ours. But they miss a lot of the Jack Ashery. And that's one thing we like Mike, we gotta get that in there because that, that happens. Yeah. That's actually more relevant, more prevalent than the bravado. Bravado. And so I remember we were telling a story and I, I can't remember the story that it was, but we were laughing 'cause I was like, holy shit, I can't believe that just happened. I think it was, I think it was Tig talking when he said, when he, one of the, one of the sps, one of the base security guys that we had there called TIG into the office that can you come look at the monitor?


I've got some problems in, in the sheep slaughterhouse area. And he went down there to look and the sheep were jumping on each other. And he's like, yeah, I went down there and I was watching these videos and the sheep were running around in a circle and they were jumping on each other and jumping on each other. Well, all the sheep are doing, they're trying to get away, but they can't get away 'cause they're in a pen, they're in a circle and it looks like they're humping. And he did say the, the, the ba the spago. So do you think people are sneaking under there? He goes, I don't know. Is either that or the sheep are humping and the, the sp hose. Well what do you think it is? He goes, he goes, man, it was like two 30 at night. He goes, I don't know nothing about sheep. So it was just funny.


It was dumb, but it was funny 'cause it was just again, ludicrous shit. Yeah. So when you see that in the movie, you're like, is that part of the No, that actually that that happened. And that's, that's what's so funny about, and it is funny and, and with 13 hours, but it's just, the night in itself is just, just the stupid shit. The stupid stuff that we said to just to make each other laugh or just stuff that comes outta your mouth or rub some dirt on a kid, You know, after a guy blows his hand off. I mean, it, it, it's, it, it's there. And, and and I, I, I still remember laughing and getting in that picture because of that story that Tig told. And, but when I look back at the pick though, it's still hurts me a little bit because I, there's nothing that I need to be smiling about there.


We just lost two guys. We just lost an ambassador. We lost Sean, who hadn't seen Con, that's two weeks. I've been doing that for 10 years and I've been pretty relatively unscathed. He's dead. And here I am smiling a day after the attack. All of us were. And it, it, it bothers me that picture. I still will post it because I do want to tell us always any picture that's that I post on social media. I know it's not the cool thing to do. I'll always have a story behind it. 'cause I want, it's therapeutic for me. But I also maybe somebody will learn from. Yeah. You know. But You know, we there and then we went home. The reason they kept all the staffers there, including Sarah, she's, she can tell you more about than I can.


I, she has already, she's already talked about it. And they flew us out is because they didn't want our input on how they were gonna write the report of what took place. So they flew all of us contractors out. I didn't know that either. If any of us would've known that we thought they were just being cool. It's like, oh, they're getting us outta here. We gotta go home. It was no 'cause they're gonna fly, portray us in so they could get debriefed without us. There's agency for, wow. Wow. That's it. Wow. We went back to, went back to Langley, You know, you, you stop, you turn in your dip passport, you do your debrief. That's where I, we did our, our big debrief up on the seventh, up on seventh floor.


And we went through, this is what happened. We, when we mapped it all out, we stayed there for an extra day. We went through what we all did and You know, they did a big, like a a really, it was just a, a big a a r like you do in the military. We were up there and it says, moved we again. And then we went downstairs and we sat with all the GRS head shed out of, You know, that worked out of the, out of Langley there, the, the guys that worked outta the building. And that's where we went through another a r. They're like, what'd you do? What happened? And that's when they asked me, like I just said earlier, whenever we talked about it earlier about our tl, they go, so how'd the TL do? And they said his name. And I said, he did great. And they really, and Boone kind of looked at me like, and I said, yeah, he did great because he stayed outta the fucking way.


What was their reaction? What are they gonna say to me? It was one, put his head down and snickered. 'cause he knew who he was. The other two, they just looked at me. He didn't say a word. And I didn't say a word. And I looked right back at him. And Boone was laughing the whole time too. Boone's laughing. So what could they say? I got no, what are they gonna say to me? Ain't not a, but I've been around long enough. I know who you guys are. You know who I am. We can and I would, what Would a normal human being say to you? Nothing. And These people, who the hell knows? Well, I was also, and not that I'm, I've got, I've got, I've got my ass kicked enough times, but I'll fight if we need to fight.


And that's what it was. Like. He stayed outta the fucking way and it was stay outta the fucking way. And then with my eyes, I'm going, what the fuck are you guys gonna do about it? Yeah. And yeah, they probably wouldn't my, I'm a little guy, I'll get my eyes. Oh no, no, I'll, I'll my, I get the situation. But It's, it's that, I mean there's Just so many staffers that have no concept of what that might be like because They haven't done it. They've never done anything And Nothing. And do You know what that's, I don't, that's why I didn't get any response back. 'cause if they would've had a set of balls, they would've, somebody would've said something. But I do also think the one that was laughing, that snickering and smiling, giving a little smirk.


He had been down range before. I'd worked him a few times. They also knew the truth. They knew what were they gonna, they knew, they knew that he wasn't gonna do anything. So that's why one was in the corner going, You know, he's good. Bruce was sitting there going after he looks at me and I said it, he is like, he just started laughing. Boone doesn't laugh, You know, like that. He just started laughing and everybody's on our side snicker. And so what are they gonna say? They know I'm right and if they did then they would, but nobody said, nobody said anything. And then I also did That continue to work? What's that staffer who did? Oh yeah, he's still working the, our the to. He's still working. I'm pretty sure he's still working. He's still, oh come on. You know the deal. He ain't going nowhere. He, he, he played the role. He didn't say a word when he testified.


He testified against everything that we said. He, he never testified with us. He testified on his own. He testified once with Tig. 'cause Tig was still working. Tig was the last one to quit. All of us went to Yemen, TIG went to Lebanon. So myself and Jack went to Sana after we took our 30 day, our 60 days off. And then we went back. Sana Boone went to Aiden, TIG went to Lebanon. You only took 60 days off. I Took seven, five. I took an extra couple weeks. Yeah, that's it. I had to get back on that horse man. What was the, what was the first conversation like with your wife and kids?


I actually called her from the airfield. There's a wonderful, wonderful, I'm glad they got this right in the movie, you just see Jack's perspective where he calls home. We paraphrase in the movie. 'cause we got all, what we all said. Then they had, we had a wonderful writer named Chuck Hogan who mashed it together and got all of our base, our words in into that monologue when Jack's on his phone or Krasinski. And I remember I called her on the tarmac and I said, Hey, you're gonna see something on the news, you, that's us. I said, I'm fine, I love you. I said, I'll be home as soon as I can. And then she goes, what happened? I said, I can't really talk about it.


But we lost one. And I met Ron and You know, this still bothers me a little bit too. 'cause I really wasn't thinking about Bub. I was thinking of the teammate even though Bob, it came from Tripoli. But I said, we lost. And I said on an open line. I said, we lost Ron. And I said, that's all I can say. I said, I'll talk to you when I get to, and I didn't know where I was going. I said, I'll talk to you when I talk to you. And I hung up the phone and yeah, I I, every one of us had a phone call like that. Jack's Jack was the closest to Ronan out of all of us there, Ronan and Bob. So his conversation was a little bit more emotional than, than ours.


But it was, it still was, Hey, you're gonna see someone on the news. It's over. We're okay. Or I'm okay, You know, we, we lost some people. Be home when we can love you. Bye. And then my conversation when I got to Germany was a little bit more in depth, but I had to be careful because You know, we're on open lines and it wasn't, I was worried about the bad guys listening to us. It was, I started to figure it out. Yeah. You know, Toto started to open that curtain where the great and powerful oz was. And I started to see who the enemies not really are.


'cause the terrorist are the enemies too. But that we also have enemies in our own house that don't want the truth to come out. So I was, I was more careful about what I would talk about on an open line. And then when we got back to Langley and all that, You know, there are debriefs. I did also tell them as well because that, because of that 2 0 3 incident where TIG lost the 2 0 3 and I couldn't find that other one. I sat down with him. 'cause if you can bitch about a problem, but if you're gonna bitch about a problem, have a solution to it. And I remember sitting there with him, I go, you guys know that for some reason we didn't have enough 60 nines out there.


I said if we would've had enough two oh threes for all of us, the fight would've ended way before it did. You know, at five 30 we would've crushed him. They would never have touched this again. So in the future, every juris operator, it has to be just like when we're in the military, everybody has to have a 46. Everybody has to have M four, everybody has to have a 2 0 3, everybody has to have an SR 25. Everybody has to have the right gear for the right op. And then they get a pick which gear they need when they head out. 'cause this is bullshit. I said, we're the agency and we don't have enough. Two oh threes. I said, what the fuck is that? Obviously it fell on deaf ears.


And I even said, I said, even ground branch has every weapon system they need. And I get it, they're da, we're not. But that's horseshit. This is why everybody needs every weapon system. Because if this happens again and we lose one, we're not out an entire weapon system. That could have been a game changer, A force multiplier like a 2 0 3. And from what I heard and you kept working, I don't think, I think that fell on deaf ears. It didn't, It fell on deaf ears. So Fuck those, fuck those pieces of shit. How hard is it to get an extra 2 0 3 or an extra 46 for the guys when, especially when there's only five guys on a, on a team or an extra GLM something, You know?


So, but I remember saying that to him 'cause I was pretty pissed. I was, I was pissed at that. 'cause again, I felt like we're the run of the litter and so what if we are, but guess what, that's front of the litter. Just turn the tables without any assets at all. It is not easy being a ranger or a delta or seal. It's not, you're doing da stuff. But it is nice and it is heartening to have a spectra gunship fucking overlooking you. And it is nice if you are a SEAL team going out there to have a platoon rangers that got your back or vice versa when you're on your own and that's it. And you don't have all those assets. It's, it can be a, it can be, it can be a little bit more scary that you don't have Yeah.


All those protections. And so that's why give us everything we need. And I'm not asking for much. It's not like I'm asking for a DAP cover. I'm not asking for you. I'm just asking for, can y'all get us, at least each of us have a 2 0 3. But how long did it take you Chris for? I mean, I mean you were abandoned by the US government. Yeah, in all aspects. That's, that's, I wish I could tell you different. But that's, that's what happened, You know. How long did it take you to rid yourself of that anger? 2000, the end of 2000, 17,018. When I reconciled my wife, I tried to from 14 on six years.


Six years. Yep. 'cause all that time in between. And that's when the, we had gotten divorced. I was sleeping around, You know, that's why we got divorced. It was me and my, me and my infidelity. I was drinking a shit load. I was drinking all the time. I was gone all the time. I was speaking. How did you reconcile that? First you have to reconcile it with God, man, How'd you do that? Stood in the mirror and said, God, I need your help. Carry me. I can't do this anymore. After I even remember exactly what I was, I was, I was at home by myself because, You know, they lived out. I lived by my own.


I was by myself. I was, you know, I was divorcee our little, I still had our little guy, You know, our little guy was still a baby. So that was hard 'cause I was like, holy shit, I'm missing childhood. IAC child again 'cause of my own stupidity. But I remember I was in the shower doing the crying game thing in the shower was like, my life sucks. This is awful. You know? And I had, you know, I had millions of followers. So I, this was before I, shit canned all my social media accounts. So I had like, ah, shit, I don't remember 275,000 followers on Instagram. And I think I had 300 on Twitter when it was Twitter. And so Facebook was like, You know, I, that was what was important in my life, right?


That is so fucking egocentric. Vapid. But that's what was my focus was, is self ego. And I realized that that wasn't, that was leaving me hollow then the toxic relationships, then trying to fill it with alcohol, then trying to fill it with money. I had a lot of money. Tons of money didn't make me happy. And it was when I realized that I can't do this anymore. God, I need you. I I do, I need you. I was in the shower, I did the crying game thing, crying in the shower naked, got outta the shower. I had my Glock, it was right there. It wa And I looked in the mirror and I did, I I put it right here.


And I thought back, You know, I thought I just briefly, I said, okay, hard life. Yeah, you've had it. Not hard as, but it, you rough, You know, it was rough. You, you, you got this disease that you're, you're winning. You're winning the Crohn's disease fight. You got it under control. You got kicked outta the military. You fought your way to get back in. You made it. And you got through ranger school and you did what you want to do there. You conquered that. Even though there odds were against you, your, your grandson of immigrants that worked their asses off to give you everything. You've got that gene of that you don't give up like your grandma, your ELA andela, ELA andela. And then 10 years overseas seeing death and seeing life and getting through all that.


Making a bad call in Iraq that I made a bad call in Iraq where a little Iraq girl died that I could have saved her in 2005 in the Monsour district. He went through Benghazi and he got through that. And now the devil's gonna win this battle for your soul. That's what I thought. And I looked in the mirror and that's when I said, I looked in me and I said, God carry me. I can't do this. And I put the gun down and I stopped crying and I went and grabbed the phone and I called my, my, she was my ex-wife at the time, Tanya. And they were on vacation in Disney World. They had taken off for Christmas. They were going on vacation in the divorce.


She got the DC membership, but they were there. And I said, can I come spend Christmas with you guys? And no hesitation. She goes, yes, come on. And, and I mean it's, it is like God answered me like that. There was no, there was no delay, there was nothing. I got a plate, I got on, You know, I got on, you know, I, by that time I had worn miles to orbit the sun on every fricking airline in the world. I got on a delta, got a ticket, flew out the next day, and they were staying at the Polynesian Village at one of the little huts there on the water.


And it was freaking awesome. Best vacation ever. And with that, that was the life that really, that was it. The life changed, stopped doing the media. I did one more written Fox interview for the Fox E Media. It was, and that's where I, I said, I'm done. I anger's gone. God's got Hillary, God's got Obama. He will take care of him. I don't need to judge anybody. Who am I to judge anybody? They will be judged. Let it go. And life's been great. Ever since I stopped doing so much social, I stopped doing a lot of, I don't do 60, 70 talks a year anymore. I do like 10 I shit canned all my social media.


I just got rid of all of it. Now I got back on when I got my head right. My wife is a big part of that too. So she's, it's not just me, it's me and her dude. But that was huge. It was, that was so toxic. And, and that's why I, I don't, I, I give guys people shit for protecting those accounts, for making them so important. 'cause they're not at all. And I got rid of all of them. And business wise went a different direction as too, as far as business goes, which means I minimized it. Still had some battle line stuff, but I stopped doing the traveling course courses as much and I focused on being home. And we also ended up getting remarried. So worked on a relationship, it took time.


And how that worked is we just started dating again. It wasn't like we got right back in it, it was, we still lived separately and then we would just start going on dates. How did your kids react when you came back in the picture? They, I mean they were happy that dad was there, especially at Dizzy. We're having fun. And, but it was, it was awkward for the two older ones because they really didn't know what to think. I mean, is dad going again? Is he gonna be here this time? Is he leaving? But also, at that time, they were so used to me being gone anyway, even when we were married, from the point it wasn't, it wasn't anything that, it was odd and they were pushing me away. And also because mom and dad aren't arguing anymore, they're not yelling at each other anymore.


So it was, it was happier environment. If it was like a, a a normal, I had a normal job, nine to five or all of a sudden I disappeared and I came back, maybe they would've been a little bit more, it would've creeped him out. Worded him out a little bit. But because dad was always gone anyway, I, I saw them being a little happier. But as we talked about earlier, they still were very reserved. And I don't know if this is for real, You know? Yeah. And dad was mean when he ever come back from, were actually gonna be mean dad. And, and he makes, he makes mom cry. And that's what they would see. You know? And so it just took time a year of dating, of just more dating of then spending more time together of then the kids and maybe staying over.


Then eventually it just ended up to like, just like a normal where you're dating somebody and it develops into a, into a, a relationship that a marriage and that we had to do it that way. And it wa it was a little weird, but it was fun doing it that way. 'cause I, I got to, You know, You know, I got to do things that maybe I didn't do the first time I quartered her where I did. So I, it was, it was like a do over and it was awesome. No, it was great. It, everything was fantastic. I did have some, I I did have some where I would still get angry from times because, just because it's just seeing what you saw, not anything where it was infidelity or anything like that. No, I, that's terrible.


I'm a terrible person. I hate even saying, but I, I'm gonna be honest with you man. And she, I mean obviously she knows, and I wrote about it in some of the books that I've written. It's, but there are times still where I would get angry. You know, the, the and post-traumatic stress, whatever you want to call it, she shock you just, you remember and you just, you the, the anxiety was there. But I said the CBD really did help. I did get on anti-anxiety medication, but all the VA does is just, and I, I got good VA Midwest, they did take care of it. But all that does is just, yeah, create more problems. The CBD helped. I stopped drinking, You know, even though I have my own vodka, when I say I stopped drinking, I have a drink with my wife maybe once a month, You know.


And I also made it a point to be a father, be home. This is where I want to be. And I did realize that in 2017, 2018, I did a contract. My last contract, it was to Costa Rica. It was an anti kidnapping contract for a private firm in Texas to find an American that had gotten kidnapped. And so I was still contracting a little bit, wasn't going to the Middle East anymore, but I was still doing some South America stuff. And I was, it was Halloween time and I was there for Halloween and my wife sent me a picture of my son Peanut, my daughter, going out to the trick or treat.


And You know, that feeling that you gotta go down range, I gotta, it was gone. I was like, 'cause all I could see was the picture. And I'm thinking to myself is what in the fucking I still doing this for? And You know, I finished my contract. Those, those, and luckily those things are real short. You know, they're, you find the guy or you don't, he's, you're gonna find him alive in a few weeks or you're gonna pass it on to the next guy or he's gonna be dead. And he did. They, it was an American that the, they held for ransom. They, they did find the culprits and we found he was dead. They, he was. But contract's over, I flew back and man, just everything rec my son.


I reconciled my 16-year-old boy. We had that ending at Olive Garden. That incident where he's like, what? How'd you propose to your wife the first time? Second time. The second time I didn't get down on my knee. She's not that kind of woman dude. She's not that type of woman. It was honestly very nonchalant. And it, it was just, You know, we saw our rings and I put my ring back on. She goes, you still wearing your ring? I said, well, I am now. I said, where's your ring? She gets in the box. I said, do you wanna do this again? And of course I knew the answer. And she's tough as nails dude.


And it was back at Disney again, you know, and most people hate Disney. And I do. Their, their politics are horseshit, but it still can be a happy place for the family. A lot of happy things happen there. And we were actually run running around, what's it's called the Polynesian Village. There's another one out there where there's a massage place, the white one. It's, it's, it's like a southern resort. Southern, I can't remember the name of it, but we're running out there jogging and we stop and I said, will you marry me again? And she just laughed. It's just like, 'cause it was so corny. I'm such a nerd.


It is so corny. And she laughed and just, yeah. And really it was the smile. And she has a beautiful smile when she really wants to smile. She doesn't like smiling 'cause she thinks her smile's ugly, but it's gorgeous. And she just gave me her gorgeous, squinty eyed, big ass smile. And we sold her house. She had a second house in Oma. We went back, she got it ready for sale, we sold it. She moved back into my house in Omaha or, or say our house. 'cause it was our house. That's what we, we brought it together when I was in the military. And then we stayed there for a few years. And it was, it was, it was married. I was, and I was, I was a husband finally.


She was always a wife. I couldn't ask for a better wife. You know, I couldn't ask for a better partner. Couldn't ask for a better woman. 'cause she's just, she's just a wonderful, wonderful person. And I, she's wonderful for me. 'cause she's not sappy. If I'd have went down on my knee and did all that stuff, she would've told me no. It had to be doing something athletic. We were out running. 'cause that's how she is. And me just throwing it at her and her being, and and that's how you are. And that's how I am. Yeah. And she knows that. And she put a ring back on and, and I even asked her, I said, I'll buy you a huge, because You know, I, I had a little bit of money at that time. I, and I said, I'll buy you a huge rock.


What do you want? I'll get you a huge rock. She goes, I, You know, I don't want those shoes. I don't need diamonds. I don't, I don't wear, I wouldn't wear that. She goes, I'm fine with what I have. And it was our original ring that I bought her when we got married in the courthouse in Tacoma before I went to ranger school when I was at second Ranger Battalion. And, and then we stayed there in Oma for a while and Omaha changed just like all cities do. And it wasn't the Omaha that I remember, You know, good values. And there's good people in Oma. There are wonderful people in Oma. But it started to turn like cities do. Amazon moved in, Google moved in. Warren Buffet is Warren Buffet. And the tearing down cornfields, there was even riots and protests in Omaha at the time.


And we're like, we're out, we're not here. And, and we moved to Kansas. And that is a good woman. Yeah, she is. She's wonderful. And yeah. And then we, because nobody, you were the first person that's asked me that. 'cause nobody's ever asked me that. And I think it's an awesome, I do, I think it's awesome because it, it just, to me, it reminds me of how awesome she is and how she's not a girly girl. She doesn't want the girly girl stuff. And, and I did think about proposing to her, like doing the proposing and on a down, because we're in, we're in Disney and we're, we're at the, the resort.


I wish I could remember that. Damn right. It's right next to Polynesian Village. It's the old southern resort. It's the perfect place for it. You know, got the gazebos and, and, and, but I never would do that. I'd go like, there's no way. Because I did think about that. I was like, man, I gotta propose her the right, come on on a beach somewhere. And it was like, no way. If I did that, she would think I was such a, she wouldn't believe me, first of all. She'd be like, what did you do? And not, it was out running and being athletic. It was out and it was, it was perfect for us. And then what'd we do after that? We went to the gym and we worked out together and it was awesome.


And I was so ha I was just, it was, it was the, the best. And it still, I still have those feelings when I go home. That's why I love where I live, where I just walk in and everything is just, and I don't need anything. I don't need any, anything else but that. It's, it's wonderful. And she's there and she has her life. You know, she doesn't, she doesn't need me to, we don't need to be doing things together all the time. She coaches volleyball, she's very independent. But she'll still come home if she wants to. And she'll make dinner. I don't need to add, but it's not required. I like to cook too. But You know, she'll or she'll come home and she'll say, get your ass up and go make me some food.


Yes ma'am. Yes darling. And now she's, she's my angel and I have a tattoo up here and You know, I had a cross that she gave me this, she gave me this before Libya. I've had it since Libya. But I had another one that I had, she gave me, I was a military and it said love, love, honor, courage. And I have a tattoo up here on my chest, is that cross. And then I haven't put peanut on there yet, but it has the call signs of all my other kids. It says once she's Angel, my wife's angel, my daughter used to be Princess but now she's like my her wife. She's not a prince dad. I'm not a princess. Don't call me that. But that was her call sign when she was little. Now she's Kiki and then I have Bubba.


'cause Bubba is Bubba and that's them. They're always right there. Amazing. Well, Chris, there's a lot more we could dive into, but I think that's a perfect way to end it, brother. And appreciate you. I just wanna tell you, man, I saw you speak, I saw how much pain you were in, You know, probably, probably getting close to, probably getting close to 10 years. Not quite. Where did you did, where Did you Boca Raton. You Saw that? Yeah. Oh My god. That was, that was, that was, that was demon time.


And Wow. I'm just really happy for you, man. Thank you. I can tell you're at peace now and it sounds like you got a great family and an amazing wife and you deserve It. Thank you brother. And You know, right back at you appreciate being patient with me. And that's, that's cool that you did see that and, and seeing your pictures downstairs with your kids and your wife, it sounds like. Yeah. You, you ain't the boss of the house either, aren't you brother? And we don't need to be, we need somebody that's gonna boss us around and tell us, hey, our shit stinks sometimes. And That's right. It's a wonderful house. So thank you bro. Thanks for Having us. It was an honor, bro. No, the honor's honor. And thanks for letting me go down rabbit holes like I did. It's just me, bro.


Thank you. God bless Chris. God bless you too, brother. Thank you. Hi, I am Joe Saul Sea. Hi host of the Stacky Benjamins podcast. Every week we talk to experts about saving, investing in personal finance trends. Oh, crypto can't do it. You could have Done all that research, all the breadcrumbs and thought this company's never going bankrupt Foiled again. You never knew personal finance could be this fun. Throwing down the got way I'm bringing it today. I'm only gonna be off by six figures instead of seven.


Every boy has a dream doc. Every boy has a dream for sure. Stacking benjamins. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.