
My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day,


Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/results to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/results. Terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be, to be


Peter Berg, welcome to the show. Pleasure, man. Thank you, Man, I can't even believe you're sitting here. I've watched so many of your movies and series and, and to have to have you sitting here is a pretty surreal. Well, I feel the same way. I've watched a lot of your shows and I figure it's good. It's good for you to expand your, your reach and, and get a, a director to come on here because, You know, I think I asked you if you'd had any other directors and you said not yet. So I'm glad to be here. I'm a big fan of yours and good job, man. Man. Thank you. Thank you. I am curious, I have to know this, how the hell did my, like you gotta be super busy guy and with, with with who you appear to be surrounded by.


I mean, how did my, how did this pop up on your radar? I'm trying to think about when I first c came to know of you. I, You know, I know a lot of seals and it might have been Marcus or Morgan Latrell that somehow got you on my radar and the couple of other guys that are living in California that I know, but just your name came up. You know, I'm always interested in anything a SEAL is doing, particularly in xe. I know how challenging it can be for, for so many team guys to kind of figure out the next chapter of their life.


And we get a lot of guys in LA who are trying to figure it out and kind of trying to get into writing or directing of stunts. And I pay attention to that, try and help. And I heard about you and that how you had kinda found this whole new career for yourself. And having gone through, You know, the military experiences you have, I found that really fucking impressive. Wow. And, and that caught my, my eye also. So, you know, pe I don't, I don't think people understand how hard that transition is. You know, I mean, obviously military guys do, but civilians don't. They don't think about it. If they do, they, You know, kind of think about it.


But to go from the job that you've had, and, You know, I, I've been fortunate to have a, a pretty decent look at, You know, for a civilian to understand how difficult it is to let go of that world and, and move into civilian life. I think it's important that people do make an effort. I do. And, and I just, a lot of respect for what you've done am Thank you a lot. That means a hell of a lot coming from you. So I really appreciate it. Well, let's, I got all kinds of stuff that we're gonna talk about when it comes to that, but everybody starts off with an introduction here. So, Peter Berg, you're born in the heart of New York City in the 1960s.


You moved to Los Angeles in your early twenties and have realized your dreams of becoming a, a celebrated film actor, writer, director, and producer, producer, earning accolades across multiple platforms. Your approach to filmmaking is deeply personal, often focusing on real stories that highlight human endurance, teamwork, and the fight against adversity. Your films are known for their gritty realism, emotional depth and action that feels both authentic and exhilarating among your many creative endeavors. Friday Night Lights, Lone Survivor and Deepwater Horizon stand out as highlights in your career. More recently, you tackled the opioid epidemic that's like super close to me, and, and I'm sure You know why, which we'll get into the opioid epidemic epidemic.


Head on with your Epic show Painkiller just one week after its release Painkiller ranked number one in the top 10 English language series genre and currently has over 54 million hours viewed. And on January 9th, you're about to introduce your latest project, American Primeval into the world on Netflix. I look forward to discussing that today. Thank you for giving us a sneak peek that like, it looks so awesome and so realistic and like the sounds in it are, it's amazing. It's amazing. I think you'll Like it.


I can't wait. I can't wait for that to come out and clear eyes, full hearts. Can't lose. Can't lose. Let's dig in. So, so also, everybody gets a gift. Just a little something for the flight home. Open It now, Right? Yeah, go ahead. Open it up. Rah vi. Oh, the gummy Bears. Bears, yeah. Okay. W the w They're not gonna get me high. I'm not gonna get me rest or Anything. No, you, no, you'll have to go back home to California to get those. Okay. I Can get 'em, But I love Gummy Bear. Yeah, those are good.


A little something for the flat. Oh, well here's, here's yours. I got you, I got you this because I said I might need it. Oh, I, I'm not good with three hours. That's from what I understand, some of Tenancy's finest from right here, right in Franklin. Oh man, this is awesome. Yeah. Franklin Distillery. Yes, sir. Perfect. Thank you. And then I got you. This is, this is a limited edition. This is an American Primeval crew hat, which generally we had to earn up on the mountain, but I figure you've, you've definitely done your fair share of earning. So that's a gift from me and the entire crew of American Primeval, man.


Thank you. Yeah, man, I'm gonna have you sign this. This is gonna be a relic in the, in the studio. I'd be honored. Thank you. This is very cool. Yeah, that's, that's rare. That's a collector's piece. Perfect. Cool man. I'll Get a, I'll get it. Yeah, we'll have you sign it after the Okay. After the, after the interview here. And then one last thing, I got a Patreon account. They've, they're my top subscribers. Top supporters. Okay. They're the reason I get to be here. And you get to be here. They've been with us since the beginning. And so one of the things I do is I offer 'em the opportunity to ask every guest a question. And you had a ton. So this is from Tori Miller with so many great movies that you've directed and several based on true events, which movie was the most stressful to film?


It made you feel that you got, that you got it right when it finally released. Right. So I've been asked this question before and I, I'll give the real answer. Like, You know, I could just say, say, oh, well, Lone Survivor is my favorite or friend that life's my favorite. But the the truth is, they're all incredibly fucking hard to make. Every single movie that any director makes, any TV show is really, really hard. You go into it believing you're gonna touch God and achieve real greatness, and you're gonna change lives, and you're gonna tap into the divine creative forces of the universe.


And you just don't always do it. Sometimes you fail miserably, sometimes you succeed. But the reality is they're all really, really challenging and you end up kind of looking back, at least I do, and loving certain things about every one of them. Even the ones that suck you, you know, because you don't go into it thinking, Hey man, I'm gonna make a really shitty movie and I don't care. No. You go into it like, you know, I would imagine, you know, an athlete goes into a game, a a team guy goes into a building, you know, a dentist goes into a mouth with a drill.


You go in expecting to have a good result, you know, if, if you're like an, a competitive, ambitious human being. And so I try for them all to, to work every single movie. And, You know, I I love all of them. They're all really stressful. If you really push me, I'll probably say like, Lone Survivor is my favorite, and that was the most emotional. Yeah. But I love them all. Yeah, it's, you've made some just amazing, amazing stuff. And, but yeah, I would say, I mean, that had to be a lot of pressure, You know, considering the events that happened that, that that, that the movie's about.


And then, and just our conversation before we Yeah. You know, actually officially started the interview about showing the families. I mean, that's, that's tough. I mean, that is, Yeah. I mean, we we're talking a little bit about it and for some reason, You know, I, I always say like, I wanna make a love story. Just film a love story with a girl and a boy on a beach drinking wine, kissing and crying and doing all the things that people do, falling in love on a beach. And then I, I always end up on top of a mountain with a bunch of stunt guys fighting for their lives and, You know, pyrotechnics bombs going off and weather and animals.


And I, I can't seem to just make the love story. So I, I tend to be drawn towards more challenging projects. And in the case of Lone Survivor, like right from the get-go and I met Marcus Latrell and, You know, first looked into his eyes, I knew, I read the book quickly, and he was in town interviewing directors, and a lot of directors wanted that story. So I met with him, and real literally from the moment I met, sat down with him and looked into his eyes. I was kind of caught out in this spell of, of emotion and pain and, and sacrifice and this energy that Marcus had kind of got me.


And, and still to this day, it, it still gets me just FaceTiming. I mean, he, I have such a connection to him. But making Lone Survivor and, You know, started with going to the Dets family, the Axel and the Murphy family, and asking for their blessing and, and telling the story. And it all, all three of those meetings were very emotional. I remember going to Danny's parents' house in Colorado and his father taking me into his bedroom, which they left kind of as, it was almost from, from a young age or, you know, hot wheels and posters of girls and, You know, toys and all kinds of things.


And it was also his uniform that had been recovered. And his father Did. They recovered, holy shit. His father sat me down on Danny's bed, which is his bed from childhood. And he, he had a piece of paper and he started reading from the paper, and he started talking about an af it was, I remember hearing after action report autopsy. And he started reading and he said, left knee bullet, left thigh, bullet, groin, bullet. And I realized he was reading his son's autopsy report, and he started shaking and he said, abdomen, bullet.


And I could see the tears falling out of his eyes and hitting that paper. And he finished, I can't remember how many times Danny Dietz was shot, but a lot. And he put the paper on my lap and his autopsy report was his father's tears in it. And he said, that's who my son was. That's how tough my son was. You make sure you get that right. And I thought to myself, okay, what the fuck have I gotten myself into with this? Not a joke. Very, very real to some very good, decent human beings, parents and wives and siblings.


And it was a tremendous amount of pressure to make sure that when I was done, and I showed that film to not just the families, but the entire Seal community, I think Admiral McCraven was, was running either SOCOM or the Seals. I'm not sure what he, he was running Yeah. When we finished, but I had to show it to him and all of those folks and, and the families and everyone in between. And every day I was making that film, I was thinking about the Murphys, the Dees, the Axel Sins Marcus, and so was the whole crew. So was Mark Wahlberg.


It became something much more than a, than a, a movie for us. We didn't quite realize the power of the brotherhood of the seal community of your community. You know, at first maybe certainly some of the actors didn't, but very quickly everyone did. And that, that movie had a special gear that is very hard to find. And I think if you ask Mark Wahlberg, or Taylor Kitch, or Ben Foster, any, anyone that was involved in that film, we see each other, You know, text each other and like, no, no, that was it. That, that was one that would be hard to replicate.


And a feeling that's very hard to get, and the pressure to get it right was there every day, including the trial on set every day, reminded me that if I didn't get it right, he was gonna kill me. So that every day I would, by the end, at first I was really scared. And then sort of halfway through, I would see Marcus in the morning, I'd be like, I know I have to do a really good job today, or you're gonna kill me. Anything else? He'd be like, Nope, that's it. I like, got it. And then I'd go about it, Man. And then he had Morgan kind of like lurking his backup. Yeah. Because, You know, for me, Marcus was a scary one, but Morgan was a really scary one who really didn't have to say much.


But was, have you met Morgan? Do you, do you know him at all? I've never met him. And he's such a great guy. And, You know, in Washington now, doing really well. I just spoke to him last week. And, You know, the, having those two guys suddenly in your life and, and then just the General Seal community was a gut check. And it definitely focused a little bit harder every second than I have in some other films.


If you're like me, getting a good night's sleep is a struggle between aches and pains, trouble falling asleep and sleeping through the night. It can be tough to feel rested, and that can really negatively impact your quality of life. Sleeping Well is key to a long, healthy life. That's why I'm proud to partner with Helix. Their mattresses are top quality and designed to fit your needs. So many of my listeners are getting the best sleep of their lives and saving money. With Helix New Year's offer, you will not regret buying one of these mattresses. I can guarantee it. Helix is dedicated to helping everyone sleep better so they can live better. Even with my busy life, I'm able to get a good night's rest and wake up feeling energized thanks to Helix. And right now my listeners can go to Helix sleep.com/ss for 25% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchases. That's Helix sleep.com/ss for 25% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase Helix sleep.com/ss.


Even though I'm excited for the new administration, there's a lot of tension in the world. Russia, Ukraine, the border inflation, who knows what could happen next. Me? I'm not waiting around to find out and I don't think you should either. Look, it's simple. I want you to go to sean likes gold.com. You'll learn about my partners over at Goldco. They're a great precious metals company that I trust. They're one of the top rated gold companies in the industry with impeccable customer service. And they support the show. And for my listeners, they're going to give you a free gold and silver kit where you can learn about how precious metals could help you protect your money. You could also get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. That extra 10% is a great way to get started. Plus it helps support the show. All you need to do is go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com. Make sure you do everything in your power to help protect what's yours. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


Yeah. Wow. Now that is, that's heavy. I mean that's, You know, we, it's interesting, you know, I mean the kind of some things we can relate to that being one of 'em. I mean, we, my platoon was the guys that went in and relieved them after that. And I, I told you about the rounds up there, and That just gave me goosebumps when I walked in here and saw the rounds from the Chinook, the crash that I was not expecting to see that. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty heavy. There's some heavy stuff in this room that, that's very historic. But, but yeah, I remember, You know, when we, we got the after actions report when we got into country and they showed us, it was, I think it was, it was some kind of recruiting video that Al-Qaeda put up.


Yeah, I saw it. And you could, I remember seeing, I was new, You know, fairly new. And I remember seeing Danny Dietz upside down on the mountaintop, and his cammie blouse was pulled up, and a lot of the guys in my platoon had were in a, were in a team with Danny, and they were like, holy shit. Like he just got that tattoo and I was with him when it, when he got it on his rib cage. And it was just like, that's when it became very real for me. I can't imagine how, how personal and how much emotion you guys must have felt seeing that, those videos.


I saw those videos Rage. I mean, yeah, I would watch 'em every time we went out on an op. That was my, that was my, my warmup. Yeah, man, you know, I, I would, this is why the fuck we're doing this 'cause of this and, but, and then, you know, I can't wait to get into some of the opiate stuff too. I, with you, that's something we can relate on. I lost my best friend to, to opiates and who was struggling. You know, you were just talking about, You know, the transition from military, four military guys getting back into civilian and everybody goes down the, down the spiral and, and he didn't make it out.


And it was, it was because of opiates. I mean, Actually it was because of that operation. So that was my best friend's team. He was part of the recovery operation. He was part of the re the recovery operation. He was, I'll tell you this, this was this, I've never talked about this, but he was, that was his sister platoon. He was in Iraq. They were doing, having a great deployment, which means they were going after a lot of bad guys. He had, his name's Gabe.


I don't know if I should be doing this, but fuck it, I'm gonna do it. And 'cause this, he had one of the worst runs I've ever heard. And he was engaged and had a mess up at a strip club and got a stripper pregnant, broke off the engagement, was gonna do the right thing. He, he was gonna do the right thing in, in his mind, which was to marry her, marry the stripper, have the baby, and, and he deployed Iraq. Well, they were getting after it. And she went into labor.


There were some complications. So he left Iraq to come home and to be with her while the, while the baby was born, gets home, goes to the hospital, the baby's dead, the mom is dead. He doesn't tell anybody. He goes back to Seal team 10 and says, Hey, I want to go back with the guys over in Iraq. They say, oh, you didn't hear the guys are coming home early. He had screened to go to development group. And they said, Hey, you need to reenlist. So how about you jump in with the, your sister platoon who's in Afghanistan right now?


And he's like, well, I don't have any of my gear. It's all in Iraq still. And they said, don't worry, you don't need gear. You're not going on operations. You're just gonna go over there and reenlist, get it done, jump back on the bird, come home. So he wears his dress, cammies gets on the bird, they land in Germany for a layover. Find out that Marcus is on the run. Then they, he lands in Bagram, You know, so they know there's, they know that three guys have died and that Marcus is on the run. They land in Bagram and he finds out that the Hilo went down, which was all his, You know, the rest of his friends wants to go on the recoverer on the recovery op with, with with Dev.


They wouldn't let him on at first. And he was like, basically, he's like, I don't, they're like, you don't have any kid. You can't go. He is like, I don't give a fuck. I'll, I'll scrounge up some shit. So in his dress, cammies goes and takes like piecemeals some shit together from the text. Gets like a, a helmet. Like a helmet that doesn't fit with a, with a monocle piece of night night vision, like a shitty rifle, You know, without any optics on it. And he is in his like a old flat jacket that, you know, I mean, you knew the gear we were using back then 'cause you made the movie, but it was like the old shit that didn't even have any magazines on.


It's found a couple of magazine pouches put it on, goes on the fucking op the dev guys are all like, who the fuck is this? Why is the tech coming on this and goes on the op? And, but I mean that's, I goes on the op to recover the guy, the bodies, You know, they get in a firefight out there. And, and, and, and he also had a role in Benghazi. He also had a role in the coast bombing at the agency, but never fucking told anybody, You know? And, and he told me when he was in bud s he was in Buds I with, I believe I know James saw was one, I think Axelson was the other.


And this was, he was in Buds when nine 11 happened and through hell week. And he told me he was sitting on the grinder or standing on the grinder. Saw was on one side, Axelson is on the other. And this is like 30 minutes after the towers go down. Wow. What a time to be on the grinder. Yeah. And so they give a speech and they're basically saying, Hey Blake, it's been peace time for a long time and your guys' generation is going to war and look to your right and look to your left. There's a good chance that one of these guys are gonna be dead. You know, in the near future.


James saw Matt Axelson, and when he fucking landed, when he landed in Bagram, it was that master chief that gave that speech that greeted him coming off the fucking bird. Wow. And Wow. Yeah. Yeah. And then he later died of, of addiction with opiates. And so I've never told anybody that. Never told I, I appreciate. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I mean, it just kind of goes back for me to what we were talking about the, the complexity for of, You know, the difficulty of surviving for anyone that went through budged during nine 11, okay, yeah, you're gonna be busy and good luck surviving that.


Just literally coming it back alive like sa and Axelon couldn't. And then if you do come back, the complexities of having to carry, forget about the, the woman and the baby. I mean, that's horrific. And that, that would do most people in then whatever you saw in theater and people, these, these guys are coming back and having to try and move, move on. And I, You know, know some professional athletes and I've seen the complexities of an athlete retiring. You know, I, I own a boxing gym in LA and we get a lot of military and, and pro athletes that come in there and, and train and just, especially when they're, when they've gotten out.


And, and I see firsthand how hard it is for pro football players. We have a couple in there now. We've had a lot of team guys come in and they're trying to just stand on their feet like, like, like children again, like babies in a new world. And, and I can't imagine how hard it was for, for your friend to come back with, with the weight of tho those experiences in a world that's not necessarily receptive and we can't see the injuries. Right. So I could be talking to you and you look pretty good and You know, you're handsome and you're ex fucking Navy SEAL and everybody loves a Navy SEAL. And so you're cool inside. It can be, you know, a different story.


And I, and I, I remember when I, someone gave me the statistic about how much money the government spends making the seal, right? All the training, everything, You know, three phases and then all the specialized training. And then, I don't know, I heard pretty high numbers for however, what, what it cost to make a seal versus how much money they put in into kind of keeping an eye on a seal when he, when he's done, They don't care about us when we're done. Yeah. I tend to agree. I mean, certainly they don't act like they care. They might say they care, but if you just look for actions that, that's where it kind of gets hard to, to, for me to, to sort out.


Yeah. They they try to hide it, You know, they try to hide it. They don't like talking about it because it fucks up recruiting numbers. Yeah, for sure. And they've got the upper echelon of the seal teams fucking hate this show because, because we dive into it. Yeah, I would imagine. We, We, we expose it and it, it, it, you know, and the, and you know, I don't care if it hurts the recruiting numbers. Yeah. They, theyve, I believe they have a responsibility, You know, so I understand that, You know, one, I went, I got to go, when I was riding Lone Survivor, I got to go to Iraq with Team Five to a place called ua. I don't know if you've ever out there. It was a Marine Corps base kind of up by the Syrian border. And I got to spend a month, You know, it was a civilian embedded with, with a bunch of guys from Team five.


And that was, without a doubt, one of the greatest experiences of my life on, on many levels. And I, a couple of, I took a lot from it. I have a lot of memories. But to this point, one memory that really stuck with me when I tried to under, when I look now back and I try to understand the transition for seals, but not just seals. It could be any, anyone that was in the military, but certainly it could be for Rangers or Delta or, You know, marsoc or any particularly special operators that have to kind of get out. Something I remember from my time in Iraq was I got to go with the seals and they were gonna go into a house and, You know, kick in the door and get a guy.


And so they all went in and they wouldn't let me go in until it was secure. And so I was sort of out on the street and, and I was on a corner with this one Young Seal, I think it wasn't quite a new guy, but he was young little guy. And he was, he was doing security on the corner, and I was kind of with him and, and he wasn't really talking to me. He was kind of looking out on the street. And there were three Iraqi young men that had sort of come and were staring at us. And he knew enough Arabic to say, You know, go get outta here. And he yelled it at him and they stared at him and he yelled it again. And, and they sort of walked away. And afterwards, after the whole lot, we were back at the base.


I said, well, what would you have done if, if they didn't leave? And he said, I would've killed them. I said, what? He said, well, You know, the way I look at it is if I'm working and I see them, I own them. I own their shoes, I own their pants, I own their shirt, and I own their organs. I own their heart. Their heart is mine. So I do whatever the fuck I want with that. I own them. And I remember thinking, well, this guy's gonna have trouble getting out of the military. Like, how do you take, and I totally understood that mindset of like, fuck it, I will survive.


My job is to protect this corner. My guys are in that house. I will fucking protect this corner. I, I understood that, but then thinking, well, this guy's gonna have to get out one day and he's gonna be in traffic and someone's gonna cut him off, or he's gonna be in Starbucks and someone's gonna say some shit. And like, the complexity of that kind of mindset to have to adjust to being able to be like, I remember someone once talked about Mick Jagger, right. Rolling Stones guy. And you met in how in like 1975 when the Rolling Stones were the biggest band in the world.


And Mick Jagger told a story about how he had to come home from a world tour where they were selling out stadiums all around the world. And he's Mick fucking Jagger. And he comes home and his wife Jerry Hall, this woman, and he has a, has has a baby. She hands him the baby. She says, clean up the baby. And there's dog shit in the yard. And Mick Jagger's like, but I'm Mick fucking Jagger. I just came back from, You know, the Oh, and I got, and I've always thought that moment, just a little moment where I, I felt what it means to have that kind of power in a place like Iraq, where now you gotta come home and you have to turn it in.


You have to retire and you have to move forward. I don't, I don't think civilians understand that. Yeah. They don't. They don't. You know. But I think that that's a, that's a, that's, I think that that's a big reason why opiates become such, such a, such a problem. Yeah. You know, in, in the community. I mean, And they're right there. And so then yeah, you Get it. Numbs that out, Turn it off, Man. Numbs it out. And, and then it's, it's just, it's the only thing that seems to turn the switch off, You know, for a lot of people.


And the immediate easy fix. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Just, it dumbs you out to where you don't give a fuck. Yeah. You know, anymore. Yeah. And, and then, you know, down the spiral we go, Well, that was what Painkiller, You know, it was for me, the, the show I did about Purdue Pharma, You know, and the Sackler family. It's interesting. Just today, what's the date today? What is it? The, it's the 16th. The 16th. So today on the way over here, someone sent me New York Times article about a new twist in the opioid epidemic. These companies that serve as the middlemen between the doctors and the, the, I'm sorry, between the prescribers and the insurance companies, they're these companies that control what the insurance companies will allow to be prescribed.


So if a doctor says, you should have 250, you should be able to take 250 milligrams of Oxycontin a day, these companies are in charge of regulating whether the insurance companies will pay for that. So they've got this in credible power, and there's three main companies, can't remember the names of them, but it's just today in the paper. And now it came out in the Times today that the Sacklers and other drug companies were bribing these guys to restrict the, the amount of pills that were allowed to be prescribed. So they would, they would get paid off and they would allow these, these incredible prescriptions to be put through and the insurance companies to pay for them.


So it's just more of a game within a game. Within a game. Damn. Did you, and When you made that, I mean, I mean that, that, that that exposed a lot of shit to the public Yeah. That, that, that people weren't really thinking about. I mean, when you make something like that, do you have any fear? A little bit for a minute? I, I did at First, when you're fucking with some really powerful, powerful people. So at first I didn't. Right. It's like, it's like people said, well, when, when you went to Iraq, were you scared? And I said, well, not really. 'cause there were 20 Navy seals around me all the time, and I felt pretty safe when I got back. And I kind really looked at the map and figured out, I felt a little more nervous, but in the moment I didn't feel nervous.


Probably should have felt a little more nervous, but I felt very safe with the guys, the Sacklers at first. I'm like, well, yeah, we're, these guys are fucking scumbags. Fuck them. Let's make a movie and let's, let's tell the truth. You know, I have friends that have died from drug addiction and I don't give a fuck, and let's go. I'm not scared. The more research I did, the more nervous I got because they're just like, these are like real mobsters. These are the real Pablo Escobar, the, the real drug dealers that are, You know, putting up numbers much larger than the Medellin cocaine cartels, the, these, the companies like Purdue and the, and the Sackler families.


So the more I learned about just how powerful and quiet they were and what kind of masterminds at secrecy, like you still have, if you try and, You know, search Richard Sackler, they're so fucking scrubbed that you'll get virtually nothing on them. And they just constantly cycle that. And that I don't still, I'm, I've have to find anyone who's better scrub as far as, You know, internet than Richard Sackler, the, You know, the kingpin of the Sackler family. But, so the more I learned, the more nervous I got. And there was a moment where I was literally paranoid and I'm like checking my back and like, like making sure doors are locked and, You know, and having access to security if I felt threatened and I realized like, if they want to get me, they're gonna get me.


Yeah. And kind of by the time we really got going there, the wave was really getting big and people were finally starting to say the name Sackler and realize just how dirty and corrupt this family was. And I felt a little, I think all of us involved felt at least secure in that, like, if they were, it was so public at this point that if they did come after us, everyone was gonna know. It's like I didn't have to leave a note like, Hey man, if something happens to me, it was Richard Sackler. People kind of already would get that. Yeah. And everyone's like, dude, I, if I wanna stand so close to you, or I, I, I'd invite my friends out to dinner and they're like, yeah, nah, we're good Rob, very busy for a while.


Let's see how the, the show plays out. People kind of distance themselves. Joking me for a minute, but I mean, I I, I'm not necessarily like the biggest conspiracy guy. Like, I'm always up to entertain a good conspiracy story. Like I'll talk about Lee Harvey Oswald for a long time, the magic bullet theory and all that. But I, and I don't even know whether it's a conspiracy or it's just like the realization of how the world does business and this, if you really want to understand what the fuck's going on, not just in pharmaceuticals, but I think on almost any business, certainly the business of war, right?


Yeah. The amount of guys that are making money off of war, right? That's a different story. But the way the, the money rules the world, it's all about money. And the Sacklers knew it, and the Sacklers knew that they had this incredible product that could do this incredible thing. Take away your fucking pain. Like for anyone that's dealt with pain, whether it's like the emotional pain that your buddy went through after losing his child and girlfriend and seeing what he saw in that helicopter, he's in pain. Gimme that pill. Gimme 40 milligrams of that.


Yeah. Liquid honey, You know, that happens to have a little battery acid in the middle of it, I'll take it. And the Sacklers knew it and they knew how to monetize it, and they knew how to game the system. And I think, like, the worst thing that I found, the thing that really floored me was this guy Curtis Wright. Do you know who Curtis Wright is? Curtis Wright? No. So the, the, one of the challenges the Sacklers had in, in, with Oxycontin and Purdue had, they needed to get the FDA to approve it, right? They had spent so much money developing this drug, and they were having financial problems prior to Oxycontin being, You know, approved by the FDA that they were all in on, on Oxycontin.


And they needed the FDA to approve it. Like you think about the FDA and, You know, big government organization and it, You know, is probably a big organization that probably does need a haircut. And I'll bet they're gonna get one now with the new administration, which is probably a good thing, I think. But you think, oh wow, the FDA has to approve Oxycontin. That's probably a team of 50 scientists and they're gonna have to go. It was really just one guy. And it was this kind of nerdy dude named Curtis Wright. And he was the obstacle. He kept saying to the Sacklers and to Purdue Pharma, I can't approve this drug. This is heroin in a little Eminem rapper.


Like, what are you fucking crazy? No. And they kept trying, he went through multiple applications and this one guy was saying no. And that was putting the entire Sackler family and Purdue Pharma in real risk of, of financial ruin. And so at some point prior to getting the approval, some members of Purdue Pharma took Curtis Wright to a hotel room in the Virginia area, somewhere near dc and they spent a couple of days in a hotel room. And no one knows what happened in that hotel room. When they came out. Curtis Wright had signed the approval with the words that Oxycontin is believed to be non-addictive.


Is believed. Is believed. Which is weird language. It's not, Oxycontin is not addictive. It is, Oxycontin is believed to not be addictive. But no one ever used that language doesn't make any sense. Curtis, he approved it. I the drug gets, You know, going and it becomes a grand slam home run. And the money's off the chart. About a year and a half later, Curtis Wright leaves the FDA and goes and works for Purdue Pharma For, Oh shit. And he was making, they say 70,000 at the FDA, hundreds of thousands at Purdue. They bought him. And, and when I heard that, I'm like, okay, that is how the fucking world operates.


And to, it's not a conspiracy, it's a fact. And, You know, it's public. People know about it. Human beings, like your friends and friends that I have are dying and are still dying. People are getting addicted. Families are being thoroughly fucked up and it's crazy derailed and this is how it goes. And so it was making Painkiller was, You know, just an emotionally powerful experience. I don't think there was a day filming it when someone on the crew didn't come up to me and say, Hey, can I talk to you for a second? My best friend died. My cousin died, my mother died.


Just in your studio today, someone that works for you came up to me and started sharing me a story about their relationship and to a family member and, and the drug. And it, it's, it's omnipresent and it's horrible. And it's, You know what, what I get from it is like, let's open up our eyes and be real honest about how this world operates. Yeah. And usually it's money. What were, what were some of the things, what was the initial thing that kind of got you paranoid about the Sackler family? I, I remember we, I was trying to interview members of Purdue Pharma to, 'cause like I said, you can't get any information on the Sacklers.


So I was trying to interview members, people who had worked for the company and we couldn't get anyone to talk. And then a journalist from the New York Times had written a book that we was one of our source pieces of source material for the book book called Empire of Pain, that the author of that book called me, said, there's a woman who will talk to you. And she used to work for Richard Sackler as one of his like five secretaries. And I'm like, great. He's like, she's gonna call you at whatever time on, You know, in two days, be ready, she's gonna call you. So I was, I was in pre-production on the film. My phone goes off FaceTime and I answer the phone and it's this woman and she's in a car and she's pulled over on the side of the road and she starts talking to me about working for Richard Sackler.


But she's getting real close to the phone and she's whispering and she keeps looking around. And she told me she'd left work and driven to the parking lot of a little strip mall. And she was, You know, willing to tell me enough about him. She told me some things about him, but I could feel her legitimate paranoia and fear of talking about him. And after that call, I came back and I said, guys, we, we, we just gotta like, You know, watch our backs Yeah. And be smart. 'cause we are poking a bear. Yeah. And that, I don't know, man, they still could get me. And if they do, if I go quick or I go weird, check out the Sacklers.


I Will, I do feel pretty safe here with you though. I gotta say we're in good company. Yeah. I feel safe. But did you, did you struggle with addiction at all, or? I was lucky. I, I never, I never had addiction. I have family members that have, they've used 12 step to, to their, to their, You know, I have one sibling and you know, she's done an incredible job. She's 30 years sober and a hass been a godsend to her. And we've talked about addiction and, and You know, I've asked her, I'm like, what, what do you think it is? Like, You know, I've asked her, do you think I'm an addict?


'cause I do drink. There's not a drug. I haven't tried pretty much, I don't think I've done bath salts or angel dust. Okay. Take those two, maybe a few others. But I've tried them and I, I don't know, man, I always had that ability to sort of see, see through the shot, see through the line. You know, if someone put a line of coke in front of me back in the day, I might do one. But then I think about the other, and I kind of have that, that it's not that I didn't want to do it, and that I didn't see kind of what was good and what felt good about it.


But I was able to sort of see, well, let's jump ahead 24 hours, 48 hours, and think about the cost, the hangover, the self-loathing, the self disgust, the bad choices that start to accumulate and the feel. And I was able to kind of, I'm good. And my sister said to me that that ability to, to have that pause is something that can separate, You know, an addict, a true addict from someone that's not. And, and I think about that because I, it's not any super human quality.


It's nothing that I take credit for and be like, oh, I can do this any more than I think most of the addicts that I know suffer not for. It's not, it's not about weakness. It's not mental weakness or physical weakness that's causing someone to go back to that drug or back to that behavior, whatever it is that's so fucking self-destructive. It's a, it's a disease, I believe. And I'm fortunate that I don't think I have it. Yeah. You know? And do you, have you, have you experienced it? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Is that Common knowledge? I, forgive me for not knowing. Yeah, it is. It's, I had a hell of a run in Columbia with cocaine.


Yeah. I appreciate the bottle. But I've been, I've been, I've been sober for three years. Good for you, man. And well, I've been on booze for three years. But yeah, I really, I was really riding the line there. Opiates, coke, benzos, booze, sleeping pill, all of it combined together. And then, and then I did a, a psychedelics it treatment. You Had a little journey. You went on a journey. I had A little journey, went down, went down to Mexico to do, do some drugs that got me off the drugs.


What, what were some of the, the drugs, I'm sure everyone knows this and you've talked about it, but forgive Me. Yeah, that's fine. It was, so I had, I had really cleaned it up. I had a, I had, so I moved down to Meine. Yeah. That's a tricky spot for anyone. That's for a while. Even tempted to flirt with the devil, you're gonna find it down There. Yeah. Well that's kind of why I went and, and You found what you were looking for. I definitely found it and overdosed a couple times. Almost died. I remember calling my mom on Mother's Day, You know, I've always heard, you don't have to worry about, you don't have to worry about how much Coke you've had until things start slowing down.


Mm. And they said, they said, when you're on speed and things start slowing down, that's, that's Warning. That's when you're riding the line. And that happened to me a couple times down there where it all, it was like, it was like that fucking scene in old school where like, You know, the, the voice is like, woo. I started hearing that. How, how much Coke had you done, do you think? And how long was the binge? About five years. And a lot. I mean, I just, it's just, I mean it's, You know, at that time, like really good coke in Miami was like 150 bucks a gram.


Yeah. And down there I was getting it for five bucks a gram. That's Just, and it was so much stronger. Right? Yeah. I mean, it's fresh from the, it's just Right. Right. I mean, it's Columbia, You know, but, but would you do like, 'cause I, I, I never did I I, but I heard about like three day, four day binges that people would go on and you're not sleeping and you're just doing what Yeah. Would be, did you ever experience anything like that? I mean, it was all the time. It was all the time. And I would go, You know, I don't know. I never really kept track, but I mean, I never stopped.


Like I would, I would go hard in the paint for a week. Oh My Goodness. And then I, I would go all the way up until the point where like I would get like this really bad heartburn and I would just drown Tums and Pepto and anything. Like, I just wanted to keep How did you get yourself out of that? Well, I actually got run out by the federal police and I, I, so I like really, I always take care of everybody around me.


And I do it with my team now. I, I've, I've, I've just always done it. I've always been, and so when I went down there, I had a, a kind of a, I had a penthouse in, in a neighborhood called El Pado. And so anybody that was around me, I would take care of. So like number one guy door doorman who has access into the building that I'm in the door guide. And so all the door guys, like if I went to go get booze, they got booze. If I went to go get coke, they got coke. When I would leave Columbia to come back to the States, I would give 'em all my clothes, my shoes, my sun, everything like a computer.


I'd done anything. If I went to go get a phone, I'd got them a phone. So I really took care of those guys because I knew that they controlled access into the building and, and up to my apartment. And so they had kind of tipped me off. And one of 'em in particular tipped me off and, and had told me that, that they had set up a, they had set up a observation point in a building across the mine and, and that they may have bugged the recessed lighting in the hallway outside of my, where I was at. But This is real, or was this like coke paranoia?


No, This is real. Okay. That sounds fucked. Yeah. And so when I got one of that, I, I hightailed it out there and never went back. Cleaned it up, cleaned up the coke, tried to clean it up, then I started going to Costa Rica. But Costa Rica was like fucking Disneyland. Yeah, I bet. Compared to what I was doing. Ura Vita. You weren't about the pur vita. It was a joke. It was just a bunch of gringos down there wanted to, wanted to have sex with, with Latin Costa Rican girls. Yeah. And I was, I was just like, this is fucking stupid TV. I need, I need to be, 'cause the real issue was a adrenaline addiction. Yeah. From, from all my time in. And that's right.


But that goes, I was back to what we were talking about earlier. Like, you get to play God. Yeah. Talk about adrenaline. What are you gonna do with that energy when you get out? You're gonna go to Medellin and Shack Up? Yeah, right. People would come down to visit me and to think it would be a good time, which I thought, You know, I'm not condoning this, it was a fucking, it was horrible. Yeah. I speak against it all the time now. Yeah. But, but they couldn't, You know, they'd last maybe two days and they'd be, they'd come down to visit me for a month and then I'd get a note, You know, on my table that's like, dude, I'm outta here. It's like, this is fucking crazy. And, and 'cause it, it wasn't, I mean, it's just different.


It's just crazy down there. I mean, I used to go to this club, it was called Fahrenheit. And in the club they had like these tables where they would, they would line like put lines and mounds, like little mounds and key bumps and shit on the table of Coke. And then lacquer over the top. You Know, right now some of your of white viewers are like just Googling Fahrenheit and booking plane tickets right now. Yeah. Well that was a long time ago. But I'm sure they're looking But Don't do it. Yeah. But don't do it, it doesn't lead anywhere Good. Right. So, okay. So what would happen though? They, you go to Fahrenheit, how would, how would that play out?


I mean, it was just, that was, I mean, that was just one hangout. But what I really liked doing was, I mean, what I really liked was the adrenaline, You know? And, and it, it just, You know, the adrenaline from, from the teams and then my time at the agency, like, it just, I mean, it was just always like shit was happening. And then when I left, I thought I couldn't fucking feed that anymore. And, and I had no nowhere to get it, You know? And so that's, I was like, I'm gonna go down here. I'm like, But what, what do you think the, how, what did you go get into 12 Step? Did what? No. What saved you? What got you to, to walk away from the drugs and the alcohol and That Mother's Day thing, like really got to me because I was like, man, I'm gonna, I'm gonna fucking OD down here and my body will just decompose.


'cause nobody really gives a shit about me down here. Nobody knows I'm here other than my parents. And they'll just eventually get a call like, Hey, your son's body's fucking decomposing in this penthouse. He OD'ed on Coke, You know? And like the career that I've had before that, it was just like, oh, there's my son. The former Seal, former CI contractor has fucking died of a cocaine overdose. I was ashamed. And, And so I went home and I, I mean, I still struggled with the benzos and 'cause down there I would, I would just, You know, you can get whatever you want. So if I was getting, You know, eventually if I was getting too who going too hard down the Coke train, I would just pop a Valium and then, yeah. But whatever.


But, but then I had a suicide attempt and that was really like the breaking point for me when I got, when I got back home, just nothing was, I couldn't get anything going and, and, and pulled the car and the garage and reclined the seat back. And I woke up. Wasn't I, I should've ever woken up. But anyways, That's what you call it, positive fail my friend. Yeah. I'm glad you fucking failed. Me too. I really am. Me too. I really am. Me too. But, so, so, mm. Yeah.


So then, You know, then I, then, but then, but then I found, you know, psychedelics through this show and went down there and haven't had kicked everything. I Mean, so the psychedelics helped you. Are you, are you in 12 step? Do you, do you use 12 Step D Peter? It was like a light switch, Man. What, what psychedelics did you do? I did Ibogaine and five M-E-O-D-N-T. And You smoked a Toad. I smoked a to, I smoked it four times, my friend. Really? Yes sir. I wanna hear about this. I love that. Toad. Did you die? Yes, sir. Tell me about it.


Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance that you can get done right from your couch and it can be done all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Just go to meet fabric.com/sean. That's meet fabric.com/sean. The new Year's here, and this is when I reevaluate all of my family's needs. My kids are another year older, so planning for my family's financial security is my top priority. Fabric provides me help with protecting my family. And Fabric can help you too. Fabric has flexible policies that will fit your budget like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. There's absolutely no risk. They offer a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. Join me in the thousands of parents who trust Fabric to protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean. That's meet fabric.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices, subject to underwriting and health questions.


While we may have won this election, the fight to restore a great nation has just begun. Now is the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile is leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone Service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile helps support the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life in our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their 100%. US-based customer service support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to patriot mobile.com/ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code to SS. Switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend your freedom with every call and text you make. Visit patriot mobile.com/ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


I was gonna recommend that you smoke the tub before, before you told me that you did. How many times have you smoked a tub? Well, One day I did it 13 times. Oh my goodness. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. You had to really get, you had to get some, get to it deep to Dig deep, You know, but, but the, but Like 13 four times think I've done it. The pipe at one, like staying under or it was an All day event, so I started at Nine. You come out it 9:00 AM didn't go back. And, and you had a good shaman that was guiding you. Yeah. Amazing. Amazing. And like, I just, the first time was the scariest and probably the one that I got the most out of.


I mean, like I said, you know, between that and the IBI began, I haven't, this February it'll be three years Since I got dropped. I, those are the two most powerful. I mean, iboga I've never done, but I know what it is. I'm scared of it actually. Yeah. And I've, I've met the Toad. Wow. You really, I, I can see how that would've taken care of a problem. Cleaned Me out. Still clean. How, how many times did you do the iboga One? That's enough, right? Yep. Different experience than the five MEO. Totally Different. How would you, how would you explain the differences? Well, I mean, I just, I mean, the Iboga is like a 12 hour experience.


They say the Iboga is the, is the God the Godfather? Yeah. Like that's the most powerful. Yeah. I always heard that five eos the God molecule, but IGA is the Godfather. Yeah. Yeah. Is that accurate? Yeah, I think so. I think so. I think so. It was, what Was the IGA like? Man, it was, it was, I mean, it was about 12 hours long. I couldn't walk afterwards and it, it would, You know, in a nutshell, it's like a life review. It's like a life review of looking at your life through, from an outside perspective, like a non em, for me, like a non-emotional perspective.


And so a lot of the things that kind of happened, I guess you just, you process 'em in a different way, Way like from way back from your everything. A little kid. Like, everything. Like, And it wasn't all traumatic shit, you know? It was like, to to, to be honest, it was like this, it was like the, it was like these TV screens, like thousands of 'em, kind of like going off into a distance and just disappearing. And if I, and every screen was a different portion, like, like, like segment of my life and I could see 'em through my peripherals and like see 'em, You know, kind of moving through. And I, I could think like, oh yeah, that's, you know, when me and my dad did this thing, and that is in Iraq, and that's when I was a teenager, wrestling this is, there was no like chronological order.


There was no nothing. And if I tried to pay too much attention into one screen, then they would all disappear. And so it wasn't even like I was reliving experiences, but that's kind of, You know, how it went for me. I didn't, I didn't, like, it wasn't, it wasn't a scary experience other than at the very first I saw like my head split open and another one mushroomed out. That's a little scary. Yeah. But, but I wasn't, it wasn't, You know, like you hear some of the horror stories Yeah. About people reliving things or meeting demons. I didn't on Iboga, is that, Yeah. I didn't meet any demons. I didn't, it was just a life review kind of. And, and, and then when I came out of it, it's like I had this new sixth sense that said, Hey, all this shit you're doing, it's fucking poison.


Like, knock this shit off. Quit drinking, quit. You know, I quit caffeine for a long time. I quit smoking marijuana for a long time. I I was still taking Adderall to concentrate. Right, right. And hadn't had any of that. And, and like the, the, the fruit that came from that experience, just, I mean, it totally like revolutionized this show. And my business, I I was kind of scared to leave the military genre, not leave it, but explore new territories and like that somehow that just like, do, Do you credit the Iboga more than the five MEO?


Yes. With, with your sobriety. Yes. Because I've heard that. Yeah. I've heard that from ex-military guys, exte guys who've taken Ibogaine and they physically look different. I've seen them since. Yeah. And the look in their eye, they, their, it's almost like their facial construction is different. Their cheekbones feel different, their eyes feel different, their posture, and they're sober. Yeah. It seems to be the, one of the more effective medicines. Yeah. I mean, they've done studies on it now. It's, it's, it's, it's, I mean, it's really changing a lot of lives. Ah, You know, and it is the cure for for opiate addiction.


Yeah. For alcoholism. And so if you're out there riding the fucking line, You know, like we were just talking about and you're looking for a way out, I'd highly recommend it. Yeah, man, same here. And I, and I do hope that what whatever happens with Kennedy and, and You know, the new administration, that people start looking at this and that any of it, whether it's Ketamines suicide and five MO iga, the people start at least being educated on what it, it can and cannot do. And that the government starts making these, these medicines available. I'm all for it. My, my experience on five MOI never did iga.


I don't know if I have the guts for it. I was scared to do, to smoke the toed. I remember my friend took me and my friend's pretty high functioning business guy, successful. And, You know, and in fact that he had done it. And a couple other people I know that are pretty high functioning have done it, made me, You know, willing to take the chance that I didn't, I would, I was a little concerned that I was gonna break my brain on something that powerful, but because they had done it, I felt confident. And I got to the place in California where I was gonna do it the first time, and they were already doing it. And I was looking at them, and it's a little, if you watch somebody that's going through it, You know, they're making some noises and moving around a little bit.


And I was like, not quite sure what kind of experience they were having. And, and, and the, the guy who, who's actually a, a psychiatrist who's now the administer of administer of this. And he used to do antidepressants and anti-anxiety medication and, You know, he would write scripts for it. And he started learning about some of these psychedelics. And he completely changed his practice and only does 5:00 AM and Ibogaine now. And I thought that was interesting. I, but he took me aside and he sat me down. He said, okay, Pete, You know, you're, you're about to ingest five M-E-O-D-M-T. It's the most powerful psychedelic, you know, certainly one of them in the world.


It's gonna last 30 minutes or so, and you're gonna have this very powerful experience and you might feel as though you're dying, but you won't. And he's telling me all this stuff, and I'm kind of looking at him. He's like, do you have any questions? I said, well, You know, and I'd heard this about other psychedelics, you know, should I set an intention, right? Like, I wanna make peace with my father, or I wanna remember my grandfather, or I want to spend time with my dog Schlemmer who died when I was eight. Like, You know, what's my goal? What should I, and he, I remember he looked at me and he put his hand on my shoulder. He said, good luck with that, Pete. Good luck. You try and set all the intentions you want. And that kind of freaked me out a little bit. 'cause I could tell, like, You know what I mean?


Yeah. He was like, okay, you you, good luck with your little intentions. And I remember smoking it and the feeling of, for me, what, what they say they call ego death. Right? And I've heard, I've talked to other people about it. Mike Tyson's talked about it, You know, it's certainly nothing that I'm the only one that's experienced, but when you experience it, you really know you've experienced it. And it's, it's interesting because you try and explain it to people, and you find that words fail you, because we don't literally have the words in the English language to explain this kind of experience because people just haven't experienced it.


So they don't have words for it. And, but it is death, right. Of some sort that, that's a word that people can relate to. And, and for me, the way I explained what I first experienced was as the medicine was taking over my mind, I felt myself trying to hold on to thoughts. Like, okay, I am in Malibu, California, I'm in California, I'm on the west coast of America. I'm in America. I'm on the western hemisphere. I'm on the planet earth. I was trying to hold onto, and it suddenly, the, the, my ability to think was just turned off about that thought.


And then I went to, well, I'm Pete, my dad's Larry, my grandfather's Harry, my great-grand, that's off. I'm wearing shoes, I'm wearing socks, I'm wearing that. And every thought I could have would suddenly be slammed off almost like a, a steel curtain was shutting down. And I could feel myself trying to hold on to any kind of thinking, any kind of rational thinking. And every thought was just, and then this giant wall of darkness came over me, and it was a sound, and it was like over. And I remember thinking very clearly, I'm dead.


And my first thought was, it's all over. It's all nothing. Everything is nothing. I thought that, Wow, Everything is nothing. And all of this sort of sudden, 'cause I, these wor these are just words. Now, I became aware sort of that something was still going on. I was still functioning. There was brain function, but it wasn't any brain function I've ever encountered before. And then I just started going into something that felt so expansive and such an energetic experience that was kind of moving and unfolding in multiple directions.


All the, everywhere, everything at at once kind of energy. And that energy overtook me. And I remember I sobbed and I laughed and I screamed. And when I came out of it, the people who had had were organizing this, the doctor and his assistants, one of the women had a pet wolf. And I didn't know there was a wolf in the house. And I came to, and I was on my hands and knees, and I had snot and tears all over me. And I really had this cathartic release of feelings that I just am, don't have the ability to access on a regular basis.


And I looked up and there's this white wolf staring at me like, little about as close as you are, a little further away, locked into my eyes. Damn. And I'm, I'm staring at this wolf and I start pointing, and I'm, I'm trying to determine whether it's real, which it was. And I look up at John, the guy, and I'm trying to ask him if this is real. And I remember he put his hand on my shoulder. He said, Pete, try not to make sense of anything right now. Just stay in it. And it, it was an incredibly life changing experience for me. Sounds Like a David Yaro photo.


Wow. It was, it was, it was so powerful. And for me, because I'm not religious, I, I I'm was raised a bit a atheist. I I'm a Catholic Jew, and my parents didn't believe in organized religion. So I never, I just never really had access to it. This, this felt like an in incredible religious experience to me. And for me. And, and I, people like Pete, stop fucking talking about five eo. But I love talking about five eo and if someone's done it, I'll talk to 'em about for hours. Because for me, the big secret that we all keep, that we all walk around as humans on this planet, and we never acknowledge, well, there's a lot of them.


But the real big one for me is a concept of infinity. Right? The concept of if you look out into the sky at night, that in theory it goes on forever in all directions. It never stops. It has no barriers. It has no ending. Right. Very hard to get our mind around. I, I shared a car in Greece with Elon Musk alone for 35 minutes in traffic. And I was like, it's a long story about, I ended up in a car alone with Elon Musk and his driver and his security guy. And I, this is after I'd done it. And I'm like, I'm fucking, I got Elon Musk for 35 minutes. I, what do I want to ask him? And I said, Elon, what, what are your thoughts?


Can you explain to me like, like in a way that I could understand your concept of infinity? Like, 'cause I can't understand it. How do you process the concept of an infinite universe? And he looked at me, he said, Pete, I don't have a clue. I don't think I ever will, and I don't think we ever will. And I remember, wow, okay. He he doesn't get it. I'm, I'm not. So, You know, I, I don't get it either that, yeah, I mean that tracks. But when I was under it, the five MEOI felt as though I was beginning to experience the maybe very beginning of a, of a look at a glimpse of what an infinite energy might feel like.


And that felt religious to me. It felt like, and it sounds so stupid for anyone. And I get it. Don't judge, don't judge. Try it. Maybe the, that that's where I went. And it really has helped me so much in every aspect of my life as a father, as a filmmaker, as a friend in business negotiations, it's, it's given me access to a different perspective. And, and I, I would imagine for you, it, it doesn't feel like people are like, well, could I get addicted to it? And I don't know of anyone that gets addicted to things like iboga or Yeah, five Amio.


It's like, no, I'm good. It takes balls. It's like I've, I parachute, I've done, You know, some jumps and every time I've jumped it takes, it's like, you don't really want to right at that last second, you're like, and how many jumps have you had, would you say? Not very many. Okay. Not very many. I had 13 on my 13th. I had a malfunction. So I haven't gone since. But every jump, no matter who, and I've been in playing, you know, with some down in San Diego where, You know, that skydive San Diego. Yeah. Which is a great place. Jeff Branson, blah. That's where all the seals train and civilians, I go to civilian, but a bunch of tough people jumping outta planes. And I know every one of 'em that second right before they jump, they feel that maybe not today.


At least most people do. Yeah. I'm sure there are a few psychos that don't. But that's how I feel about like five amio is like, I'm glad I did it, but man, if I'm gonna do it again, it's, You know, I'm hesitant to do it every time. Have you done it once or you haven't? No, I've done it I think four times. Right. It takes and four different sessions. It takes a certain type of courage. Yeah. Take that hit. You don't know where you, you're going. No, no. And I, so, so you went in. So are you saying you're not an atheist now? No. Do you believe in I'm, I'm not an atheist, but my, my belief, okay, don't judge.


I'm not here to judge. All Right. So the second time I did it, I went into this again, I went, this time I skipped the crying. And one, one thing that's interesting is doing it a couple times, you, I think you go a little bit further. Does this sound utterly insane? No. You think people are gonna be like, oh, he's just fucking drug wacky dude. Nah, we talk about this all the time on this show. 'cause I really believe in this. And by the way, I don't believe in cocaine. I don't believe in recreational LSDI think weed is problematic. I put certainly don't opioids. Fuck. No. This is a totally different animal to me. And including alcohol that's all over there.


This, this we're talking about sound completely Different. This is a medicine. I, so like all the coke and all that shit, like we, I, we think we kind of covered it. Like it's not good. I mean, I'm, I I it led to suicide Attempt, dark, dark, suicidal energies. No, this is a whole nother experience. So the second time I very quickly went into this energy that feels like I'm deep in the universe and I'm experiencing something that feels like this multi-directional energy that's just expanding that I feel maybe part of the energy that built the universe, something had to build it right? Got all these planets floating around and you know, you start getting into like the sun and what the fuck the sun is and how that thing's still burning and how we're in this, You know, something's right.


And, and so there was some energetic, even if a God caused an explosion and that created the, the massive universe, not just our little solar system, but the infinite universe, which we are such a small part of, right? So they Say there's more planets than grains of sand of, of sand, right? And in the World. So it's a, God would have to be really busy. And he's probably not just our God the way I look at it, but I'm feeling something. And we don't have words for this, but it's a real energy that it word words do, it won't do it justice. And as I'm coming out of this energy, I start to see images of religious, iconic religious structures being built.


The pyramids, the c the Vatican, the the Notre Dame Cathedral Mecca in Saudi Arabia. Literally I'm seeing man building these temples and it's coming. So I'm coming outta the energy into man's building of religious, you know, artifacts and temples and structures. And I'm seeing men building these temples, acknowledging their religion, their gods. But to me it felt very reductive after being in a much larger energy. This actually felt smaller to me, if that makes sense.


And then I saw these religious, the pyramids, Mecca, Notre Dame Cathedral, I remember very clearly. And I came out of it and there was a guy with me who was sort of my attendant, I dunno if you had someone watching you just to make sure you don't take up all your clothes and run down the street. Which I didn't. But I looked at him, his name was Connor. And I remember coming out of it and I looked at him and I said to him, Connor organized religion is somewhat fucking absurd. And he looked at me and he nodded, just like you did. And I, and I couldn't understand in that moment having felt something that to me felt beyond organized religion.


These structures. And I've been to the mall, I've been to Notre Dame, I've been to the Vatican. I haven't been, I've been into Saudi Arabia, but I couldn't go to Mecca. I wanted to, I've been to Japan and to Indian, seeing Buddhist and Hindu temples. And I appreciate that and I certainly respect it. But in that moment, I felt that if that type of organized religion wasn't speaking to me, but I did believe that there are definitely a force greater than anything we can see or feel or touch out there. And that to me was the most honest religious experience I've ever had.


Interesting. So that's Kind of interesting Where I am. That's, I mean, it it, it sent me down a path. 'cause I was, first time I did it, it was, I didn't really believe in anything either. I grew up Catholic and, and that, You know, went out the window pretty much as soon as I joined the seal teams with that culture and what we were doing. And, and, but that, but, but I de I did you have your eyes closed or, or a Blindfold on? Yeah, I, I did. They were closed. So I did a, I did it. I wanted to see, But I, I didn't, they just closed. I didn't, they didn't cover them up. I couldn't see anything. Oh, were your eyes open?


Yeah. I came back when I, after I died, You know, after the eat Of death. What, what did your death feel Like? My death felt like, man, like it was the most anxiety, most fear I've ever felt in my life. And, and like, I, it felt like all the negative, like toxicity, like shit that I've experienced, You know, rage. Like, it felt like it was just rushing through my veins, outta my fingers and my toes. And, and it felt like it, I I had like this, it wasn't really a visualization, it was more like, it felt more like an intuition.


But it, it felt like, it felt like there was this black tar like dripping off of my heart. Wow. And, and I had had my, wow. That Must have been Terrifying. It was. And, and I just, like you, I had all these thoughts and shit about things. 'cause That's your ego trying to hold onto logic. And the last thing, right? The last thing that I was grasping onto was my wife and my son. And I was just like, I knew I was a hundred percent certain. Like, you're fucking dying, Sean. Like this, there's no coming back. You're done. And I was just fighting like hell.


'cause I just, I didn't wanna leave my wife and my six month old son in this fucked up place. And so that was like the last thing that I was holding onto. And then when I, when I let that go, that's when the crossover happened. And when the crossover happened, I like sat back up and we were on the beach, or close to the beach, we're up on a, like a mount like a hill. And you could see like, see out, You know, into the Pacific. And there were some islands out there. And I remember everything looked exactly the same. It was just more vibrant. But like, every time I do psychedelics, I'm like, it's very, it, it's a lot of intuition going on.


And, and You know, and I was really reluctant to do this. 'cause I, I was like, this shit's for the hippies. I'm not a hippie. Yeah. And I've heard hippies talk about energy and all this stuff and, but what, what I opened my eyes. I saw, I, I just, you could intuitively feel and see this flow of energy from the ocean into the beach. Up the trees, like into the grass through me. And it was, I could just, you could see it in, in intuitively and you just knew that it was there. And, and, and You know, if I felt like if there would've been some negative energy out there, it would've been like a spotlight in the darkness.


Like you just would've been able to identify it immediately. 'cause everything was just so positive. And, and then I felt the presence of Gabe, You know, who, who we talked about. And, and I, I felt that I just, it was the feeling that everything, that, all the trauma, everything that had happened throughout my life was supposed to happen. And that it was, it was okay. And that none of it even fucking mattered because this is such a minuscule sliver and time that we're experiencing right now.


And that, and so it, it's, it's so it made me believe again in a higher power. Yeah. And then, and that it's, it, same honestly, it sent me on a journey. And I mean now I'm a Christian and I've, I've had another experience after that that, that, that turned me into a Christian that like fucking slapped me in the face. Like, Hey, pay attention. And, and it's amazing. I mean, the stuff that, that it's, it's, and you also realize how minuscule like you are. We are. And you're okay with it, You know, which is the ego death.


Right. But Right. Well that, and that's where I say like, it's changed me in all aspects. Like, I don't get upset about things that I used to get upset about. I'm not quick to like get to conflict. I found my work has just gotten better. Yeah. I'm a deeper movie maker. I, when I was editing Painkiller, the opioid film, I had two editors. One I had never worked with. And they, they were, they were editing while I was still in Canada filming. And I came back and then I had to come in work with them, You know, every day. And I was just getting to know them.


And one of them had an energy, I had just done the toad and, and they were both really good guys, but I could tell one of them had a, had an energy, a heaviness, darkness. And I found out that his, he and his wife had taken their son, I think 3-year-old son into the doctor, the ear doctor, for a procedure. This was like three months prior to us starting to work. And this, they put the son under local, some sort of local anesthesia. And the son died. Their kid died it. And I found out that that was my editor and that that had happened to him and just came in after I'd found out and we're working.


And I, then I realized he had a picture of his son, little picture kind of under his computer that I noticed for the first time. And we're, You know, I don't know him that well. And I started asking him about his son and was, and I, You know, so I, I heard about this and I'm, You know, really sorry. And I just, You know, want you to know that I'm, I'm, I'm aware and if there's anything we can talk about or you wanna talk about or not, I just want, I, I want that to, I want be available to you for that. And we started talking and started asking him questions about his son and what kind of life his son had had and what kind of, You know, young man he was at that age and what he had experienced.


And we started talking. We started talking for a while. And he stopped. He said, You know, I haven't talked about my son like this. And, and I realized, I don't know that I would've had this conversation prior to experiencing that medicine. We started talking about it and I said, well, You know, how are you and your wife coping? He said, horribly, horribly. He said, we're going to grief counseling, but it's not working. They've gone to some like chainsaw counseling where they go into the woods with chainsaws and just start cutting trees as a way of trying to release anger and energy, I mean, and axes and I mean, and group therapy.


And, and I asked him if he had thought about exploring psychedelics. And he said, his wife is talking about that. And I said, well, have you heard about five Amio? He sat up, he said, my wife has been asking me about this. And I said, he said, what's it like? What do you think? And I thought about it and I said, You know, here's what I think.


So it's a new year, 2025 in your thinking. I'm ready to see if I can turn this business idea. I've been kicking around into a reality, but I don't know how to make it happen or where to start. Shopify is how you're gonna make it happen. Shopify makes it simple. Well, Shopify was able to get my store up and running fast for my first gummy bear drop legal in all 50 states. Here folks, Shopify is perfect for getting started and scaling. It has thousands of customizable templates, no coding or design skills required. All you need to do is drag and drop. They're powerful social media tools. Let you connect all of your channels and can help you sell. Shopify helps with the details like shipping and taxes, allowing you to focus on the important stuff like growing your business with Shopify. Your first sale is closer than you think. Established in 2025 has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash ss. That's all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash ss to start selling with Shopify today. Shopify dot com slash ss.


You sign up for something, forget about it. After the trial ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused every month. Thanks to Rocket Money. I can see all my subscriptions in one place and cancel the ones I'm not using anymore. And now I'm saving more money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps you lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts and keeps you informed with alerts. If bills increase in price, there's unusual spending activity. Or if you're close to going over budget, rocket Money will even automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save and lower your bills. Then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with customer service so you don't have to. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocket money.com/ss today. That's rocket money.com/ss Rocket money.com/ss.


A lot of us are trying to get our finances in order and to start the new year off right. There's some great news for homeowners interest rates have dropped and are now in the fives. If you've been buried in high interest credit card debt, now's the time to break. Free American financing can help you access the cash in your home to pay off your high interest debt. Last year, their salary based mortgage consultants helped customers save an average of $800 a month. That's like giving yourself a $10,000 raise. What a way to start the new year. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or go to American financing.net/ss nmls 1 8 2 3 3 4 N-M-L-S-C-O-N-S-U-M-E-R access.org APR rates in the five start at 6.458% for well qualified borrowers. Call 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 for details about credit costs and terms.


And I was like, You know, forgive me if I'm, if I'm overstepping. He's like, no, I want you to say it. I said, okay, because I really didn't know him that well. I said in, in my my mind, the way I'm thinking about you and, and your family, if, if, if this is your son right now in your mind and he is right here and wherever you look, your son, your dead son is right there. And you can't right wherever you look. I said, I believe that, that this medicine could maybe take your son and put him here for a minute And give you never gonna, it's never gonna go away, but give you a little bit of space to maybe process something like that in a way that you're not able to.


And I stand by that. And it's advice I would give to myself, to you, to anyone that the, the only thing I think is that young people might, I don't think it's good to do for someone, You know, much in their twenties still. I would, I would encourage people to wait till their thirties. Yeah. Just 'cause I, I, I don't, I'm not a I can't back that up scientifically, it's more of a hunch. But if someone came to me and they were like, you know, 19 or 20 or, You know, my son, I've talked, talked to my son about this and he's in his early twenties and I, I, I'm very honest with him about, You know, all of this, everything I try to be honest with him about.


But I, I said, I don't think you should do this until you're 30. Yeah. What do you think? What do you think? I think it all, I think it, I think it depends on life experiences. So, because it is so healing. So, You know, I I think if you have a kid who is, I'm not like, I can't back this up either, so. Right. I know, I know where you're talking, Whatever. With a grain assault, I think I know I, yeah. But You know, I, I mean there's kids that have been through lots and lots of trauma, sexual trauma Yeah. Rape and, and yeah. And I was just had a guy in here, and I'm not gonna mention his name 'cause this kind of conversation was offline, but his son, You know, was in an, in an accident and, and somebody was killed and, and his son did this and it's, it sounds like it healed him, You know?


And, and so, 'cause he carried a lot of fucking guilt. How Old was his son? 17 or 18, I think. And, and You know, kind of got him through. So, you know, because you, you, you do realize, I mean, for me, just you just, you man, I'll tell you like, it, it changes your perspective so much that, You know, it's like, oh fuck. Like so and so died. You know what I mean? That sucks. That a short life coulda had, you know, had a lot more life to live, died in his twenties, died at 25, a lot of seals, you whatever. Death sucks. Right? That's how humanity perceives. It's fucking horrible.


Like, you only get to live once after doing the five M-E-O-D-M-T. This shit is what sucks. They're in a better fucking spot. You know, they're like, yeah. And you get, it's almost like you get a window or a veil's lifted and you, you see like what it's actually all about. Yeah. Even though you can't, like you said, there's no words in the English language to, to describe it, but it's a hell of a lot better than here For Yeah. I, I, I would agree with you. Like for, for someone like your friend's son, I think it could be really helpful if someone's gone through that kind of really fucked up trauma that's sort of out of the realm of this talk therapy.


Therapy's not gonna, You know Yeah. Fix that. I think what would be important is that whoever administers the medicine, the toad or I mean Iboga for a 17-year-old, I don't know, but maybe did that, did he do Iboga? I believe it was the, I believe it was five Five Mio. But that, that whoever you know, is the administer, the, the, the guide stays on board with that person for days, weeks, months, helps process that. So it's not like, you know, at least keeps an eye on that, on that younger mind. Yeah. Just to make sure that like, he's able to talk about things, You know?


'cause I, I remember I was trying, you can relate to the idea that we don't have words in our the, in the English language Right. For some of these feelings. And so it's hard to explain what you experienced. And I was talking to someone about it and he told me about this tribe in Brazil that does a lot of, You know, ayahuasca type psychedelics. I think it's slightly different than ayahuasca. Some like the Yama tribes, these, some of these wild tribes that have been doing psychedelics for generations and how they have different words. Words that we don't have in our language. And he, and he was trying to get me to understand how we don't have words for so much.


And he talked about this word that this tribe had for the feeling you get in your stomach when you hear a cliff diver jump like a hundred feet or 200 feet into the water, that concussive sound, You know, that, that gives you a feeling. It's hard to explain, but like, if you've ever heard somebody really get punched in the face, You know, with a bare fist, that's a sound that different. Not like a movie. Right. Like a what, and that sound of a body hitting the water is a stirring sound. And there's a, there's a term for that in this language.


'cause that's important to them. Let's, let's remember that feeling that you get from Yeah. And I, and I, when I, and I think it's interesting that we're so new to this world and it's become sort of vogue and I know a lot of people are doing it and they think it's cool or You know, rich people in, You know, the Hamptons of New York or in Beverly Hills or having like psychedelic parties and all that and expanding their consciousness and microdosing mushrooms. Great. I don't, I don't judge that, but it, there is something very real to it. And particularly for people who are going harder and have, I don't know, man, that kind of trauma to dig, to dig up and to look at this shit is real.


I think the world would be a better place, you know, You know, wish fucking politicians would use it. But, but have you ever heard anything, have you ever heard anything bad coming from it? No. No. And I looked it up, I think, I think I heard somebody died. There was a doc. No, I remember there was a doctor or a shaman who I think in Mexico, this is all, You know, searchable, was putting people under and like molesting oof. Right. O and but that was, You know, one person. He was busted that, 'cause I, You know, searched it all like dark side downside addiction deaths and v very, very little.


I couldn't find anything directly related. But I remember this one story of some, some, You know, shaman who, who was putting people under and like, You know, doing that. But I don't know, man. I don't, I haven't heard much. I just Have you Yeah, I just heard this last week. I had actually, it was the guys that got me, that got me into this, that like, they didn't like talk me into, they shared their experience on how the, how it helped them. And like, it, it, it, I was like, I gotta do this. But they came up, we went to an event together. We were all talking about psychedelics and they SI guess there's somebody that, I haven't looked into this yet, but apparently it's, there's, there's something out there on it.


This guy did it, it seems to have experienced a 10 year time period. And within 30 minutes, I, again, or M-E-O-M-E-O Okay. And had, I don't know, I, like I said, I didn't get any, I didn't have like a storyline or anything when I did it. We just, it doesn't sound like you did either. But, but he, he had built a relationship, had a kid, like all this shit happened in his mind in 30 minutes. That was 10 years worth of time. And then when he came out of the, of the, of the experience, only 30 minutes had passed and he had like, he still misses like whoever he met.


Whoa. That was in that experience because he had built a 10 year relationship with those Whoa. With those people. And so all he wants to do. Wow. Isn't that fucking wild? That's crazy movie. I know, I know. I've never heard that. That's a, that's a movie man. That's like, 'cause there's like a eternal sunshine of the spot Spotless mind on him. If you ever saw that film. Oh, Jim Carey's a good movie where he wants to erase part of his brain to get a girl out of his mind. That's like just, You know, bad relationship. But see, that's fascinating to me. And, and I can totally see how that could happen. I think that one of the things like that five O did for me was just that kinda what's the adage that like we use 2% of our brain or, You know, and, and I I it's like to me, I I've, I've made the analogy to people, like, do you wanna understand a little bit about what it's like, think about your dreams and when you wake up from a dream and you've had some insane dream that you're speaking languages and your mother's there, but her head is an ostrich head and your, you know, son is like a stockbroker and he's making deals, but he's only two.


And you're like, where the fuck did that come from? What, how did my brain, what? You know, well I I shut down part of my brain to sleep and something else woke up. Right? And, and as a writer I can relate to that feeling of accessing parts of your, your brain, right. That you just can't get to, You know, sitting here talking. And I've had that experience many times. I dunno if you've had it writing, but where you certainly sit down and things start coming out of you. And you, you look, you think that, You know, 15 minutes have gone by and you look up and three hours have gone by and you don't remember it.


And you look down, you've written 10 pages, but you've accessed something that you can't get to normally. And they'll call it, You know, flow state or, You know Yeah. Some sort of optimal creative like Rogan thinks that, that this state is an actual entity, like an external like goblin that comes in and enter you. Right. Which then there's this guy, Steve Pressfield, who I like, who's like a guru for writers. And, and, and he talks about this too, like that the mi being able to access, truly access aspects of your mind that you normally just can't get to, right. So that five MEO can put you in this state where it just shuts down your default network.


So everything that we normally think of, like, oh, I'm wearing a sweater, you're wearing a sweater, I'm wearing pants, you're wearing pants, carpet here. All your things that are up on the wall, that's all our rational break, turn all that shit off. And the next thing You know, you've created 10 years Yeah. Of a life. And you've, you really think you've got a son and a wife. It's crazy, Isn't it? That's, and still had Nevers never heard of that man. Apparently he still has feelings, but I'll tell You, the Ricky's mourning his child, it never existed. Yeah. Yep. Wow. Yep. Maybe tapped into another life, who the hell knows. But maybe, You know, it did. It also, another thing that like it did is it set me down it, this stuff just sent me down a rabbit hole.


Have you ever read The Four Agreements by Don Miguel Ruiz? No, I've heard of him. I've Read, oh man, you got 'em. What? Tell me, gimme like the Basically not I'm gonna butcher it. So, but I mean, lots of people read this, some people read it every, I think Tom Brady reads it every year, but it, it talks a lot about, like, it's, it's four agreements that you make with yourself. And I can't even, I haven't read it in years, right? So I don't know 'em all off the top of my head. Right. But it kind of talks about like, I don't wanna make this book sound like something it's not. But one thing that it does do is it talks about how we've all been indoctrinated, but it doesn't do it in like a conspiracy ish fucking way.


It's just the way it is. And, and a lot of people read this after psychedelics and it, it's, it's when you read it, you're like, oh yeah. Like, okay, like, yeah, this, this is, this is true. And in between that and, and kind of, and, and what I experienced through psychedelics and how how healing it is and how it's fucking illegal here. Why, I don't know. It's helping so many people with addiction and trauma. FDA baby. Yeah. And it sent me down this rabbit hole to think that ev everything we know and have been told is a fucking lie. And I do believe that.


And I do want to ask you about something. Did we go to the moon? Pardon me? Did we go to the moon? I don't know, man. I wasn't there. I wasn't there. I I, I know about the picture Capricorn one was a movie when I was a kid. That was, You know, about the fact that, you know, the, the theory that we never did. I don't know man. I, I like to think that we did because that's how I was raised. And if that didn't happen, then I gotta really unpack a whole bunch of other shit. But I don't know. I can tell you I never went to the moon. What about the Stanley Kubrick stuff? Have you looked into that? Which stuff? He did.


He did. He staged it. He filmed it. Yeah. That's Capricorn one. That's the movie. That's what it is. Yeah. I mean, I Dunno man. Damn. I don't know. I Love this subject. I know. I don't, I I'm gonna assume we did. Yeah. But I wasn't there. Yeah. I just want to believe we did. Me too. I Don't know though. I, there's some pretty compelling evidence. I mean, people are full of shit and, and there's a, there's a lot of reasons that we would've lied and governments are horrific and governments will do things that we can't believe to advance agendas.


And I've seen all of this and I've gotten a front row seat to some really fucked up shit that, that our governments do. And, and when I was young, I didn't know about it and I didn't think about it. And I thought there were good guys and bad guys. And I believed our leaders when they said that we were the good guys and they're the bad guys and not always the case. Yeah, Yeah. You know, I did just come back from Israel last week. How was it? Dude, it's fucked up. You know, I, man, I, I was, I was, I was, two weeks before I went to Israel, I was in New York and I was gonna have lunch with a friend of mine and she brought a friend of hers and who I didn't know.


And during the course of the meal, Israel came up and she started ripping into the Israelis and fuck the Israelis and fuck Zionism. And she's looking at me, she's really getting mad. And I'm like, I'm curious, are you, are you, are you Arab? Are you Muslim? She said, I'm Palestinian. And I said, okay, I can imagine this is a really fucking hard time. She goes, yeah, it is. And I said, I get it. And she starts ripping Israel. They all need to fucking go and fuck the, I go, okay, okay, I hear you. You know, I'm curious, how do you process the Nova Music Festival? And what happened, You know, with 300 Israelis were killed at the music festival.


And she looked at me and she had this look in her eyes, I haven't seen, I don't know ever. And she said, I thought it was fucking hilarious. I loved it. And the feeling I had was like, sickness, anger, confused, like, I'm looking into the eyes of this 30-year-old girl. And I said, I gotta go. I said, I'm gonna leave. I said, look, I said, look, I just want you to know I don't agree with anything you said, but my pulse was going. Like I was, I didn't even know what I felt other than I had to get out of there, walk away. And then I decided to go the next week to Israel. I wanted to see it. And I wanted to just see it for myself.


And, and I went to that side of that festival and I went to one of the Kibbutzes that was attacked. And I wanted to go into Gaza, asked if we could go in and was told we couldn't go in. It wasn't safe. We got close and could see into that world the Gaza Strip, You know, behind the wall. And I just spent, I was there for five days and I really just tried to, to see it, You know, 'cause we read about it, we see it on our computers. We certainly get into our, You know, whatever social media feed. Like I had all this info.


I wanted to see it. And I think my, my biggest takeaway is as like, simple as this sounds, is that these people fucking hate each other. I mean, hate each other. I've never seen that kind of hatred. I remember when I was in Iraq with Team Five and we were driving through towns, people would look at us, we'd be in those RG trucks, can't remember what they were called. Like not the hump, but in those trucks, you know, looking out. And they'd be looking in with this look that felt, I hadn't seen that look a lot, You know what I'm talking about? Like guy.


But in, when I was in Israel, the anger and fear was so palpable. And I know it's on the other side. And I don't know man. Like, I just think like what I, when my mind starts going this, okay, Israel did this shit, Palestinians did this shit. It's been going back and forth since 1941 or whenever the, You know, 1907, depending on how far, whatever, however far back you want to go. 'cause I've tried to go back and well, okay, it was their fault and it was their fault. And English gave it to the Israelis and that fucked everything up. And then World War and, and it's this Rubik's cube that you never solve.


Bottom line is like, they fucking hate each other. They cannot work it out. Like it's like, you know, two pe kids that are fighting, they just can't stop. Yeah. And they're never gonna stop. And and I came out of there with the sense of, and, and, and looking into so many Israelis, I met the, the energy you get is, please, we need help. Right. And yes, they're, they're horrific with what's happening over there. Right. These kids dying and, and Gaza and these innocent people dying. And the horrific what have it's, it's horrific.


And I'm not like, at this point, I don't know what to justify and who's right and who's wrong at this point. It's just, if it's gonna stop, they need help. That was my take. They need someone to come in and say, you go over the fuck here, you go over the fuck here. Stop. Yeah. Yeah. And I, and I hope that can happen. It's a Very complicated situation. Yeah. It's super complicated. But at the end of the day, if you just look at it just, just practically, they, they can't, they can't fix it without other people in, in my opinion, getting involved. It's like, there, there has to be help from us.


There has to be help from Saudi Arabia, from UAE, from Qatar, from Egypt, from Jordan. Like, they gotta help. Europe's gotta help. 'cause they can't fucking figure it out. Yeah. That was what I got. And it's, it's really fucking sad. Yeah. To me. And how Much time did you spend over there? It was there for five days. Five days. Yeah. And, and you know, it, I recommend for people to go there if they want to understand what it really feels like and get a better sense, maybe a deeper sense of just how dark and complex the problem is.


So I recommend going over there. Damn, Damn. How long ago was that? I got back like 10 days ago. Oh man. So this is fresh. Yeah. And you know, brutal. Absolutely brutal to go tour the Kibbutzes, You know, and the tour that I had was a, You know, young 28-year-old guy whose brother was killed. His mother was kidnapped. They, they've kept the kibbutz exactly as it was October 7th. So the blood's all over the place and the glass and the kids' shoes and you know, the baby shoes and You know, babies were taken and, You know, absolutely horrific.


And, and You know, like you've seen that video of Murphy and Deets and, You know, using that, I mean, you can't go there without getting activated. And then you go to the music festival and you know, it's fuck it man, fuck it. Game on. Yeah, okay, you want, you're gonna do this game on you support that. Right. And I do. But then you start, You know, understanding the pain on the other side and you just, your head starts to explode. Yeah. And, and that's why I've come to the conclusion like, they can't, they need referees. Yeah. It's like the nastiest hockey fight you've ever seen in your fucking life with no refs.


Yeah. You know? Yeah. And people are bringing guns onto the ice and knives onto the ice and, and no one's there to stop it. Yeah. It's, I've been hesitant to, to, to cover the subject 'cause it's so fucking complicated. It's just, it's Well if you, if you look backwards, it's really complicated. Well, you did that well, you did that well, you did that well, you did that. Okay. That's never gonna get unpacked in my opinion, looking forward. Big, big brother issue. Like, You know, from 40,000 feet, someone has to step in and organize a large group effort to stop this shit.


So that's what I hope happens. Yeah, Me Too. Having, 'cause it sucks. Me too. It Sucks for everyone. The world is a fucked up place. Yeah. But there's some good, some good stories too. Well let's move into what you're doing now. Oh yeah. American Primeval. Yeah. How did that, how did that come across? Right. So American Primeval, that's the new show. Did you ever see Jeremiah Johnson when you were a kid? Yeah, so when I was a kid at Robert Redford played this wilderness guy who went out into the coun to the, I went out west from the city and like had to learn how to survive and, You know, ended up marrying an Indian woman and a kid and he was, ended up, first he was totally inept and couldn't function and Indians wouldn't even waste an arrow on him 'cause he was so, he was, You know, so useless in such a non threat.


And by the end he was a great warrior and he had the respect of multiple tribe. And that was one of my favorite movies as a kid. And that was like, something like that got me going and wanting to, to make movies and tell stories and stuff. And I always kind of wanted to do something like that, You know, an adventure story, not like a, a western in the traditional sense. And I like westerns. Like what? Casting? The Sundance kid was one of my favorite. Or the Unforgiven. I loved the Cowboys. Some of John Wayne's earlier. I loved all those movies, but I kind of wanted to do something that was a little more like raw and just pure survival and didn't have like towns with saloons and whorehouses and, You know, sheriffs and people Dr.


I wanted like to be up in the mountains with the savages. And so I got a friend, this guy Mark L. Smith, who wrote the T Did you see the T? Yeah. And, and I love that. And I'm like, Hey man, let's, let's go back into this world. And he actually came into my office and I have a, a collection of axes in my office. I think he'd let you to prove of it. And I pulled out this ice ax and I walked up to him and I go, I just put the ax in his lap. I said, let's do a show that's this. And I said, let's just channel this, this ice ax. And he smiled. He said, okay. And he wrote it. And it's this kind of epic saga set in 1857 in this corner of America.


It's southwestern Wyoming and southeastern Utah. It's that intersection where in 1857, it was fucking wild. There was no civilization, but it was kind of the last, one of the last areas that were really wild in America. And, You know, there were multiple Native American tribes. There were the Mormons who were setting up in Salt Lake City, and they were violent as had a real violent side to 'em. 'cause they'd been fucked over from New York to Georgia to Illinois where their leader Joseph Smith was killed. So this dude Brigham young flees west with 2000 Mormons and sets up his last stand in Salt Lake City thinking no one's ever gonna come.


And he starts growing the Mormon church and he builds his army to defend. So he's out there, the gov US government sending the army to fuck with the Mormons and get them out. 'cause Brigham Young's trying to turn Utah. True this is true, into a Utah state. Utah wasn't a state, it was a territory. And Brigham Young's like, all right, we'll take it. This will be a Mormon state, Utah. And it was President Buchanan who proceeded Lincoln, who's like, yeah, no, you're not doing that, bro. You're not doing that. So he's sending me Army out there to get the Mormons out. So they're fighting, all the Indians are fighting, and you've got all these trappers who are just, You know, hunting, tr trapping bear and other pelts.


So it's just a fucking savage place. And our show follows a woman who's got a, a handicapped sun, who's just trying to get through that land to California to find the kid's dad. So you think she's got a secret and the stories, her journey through that part of America. Damn. And it gets nasty. It looks like it, it looks Like it gets nasty. I started It is, it's, It's, it's, did we send you the shows? You sent them to Me. All right, good. We'll sit down and take a peek. 'cause they get, and it's the organizing of, of event is, is worth anybody checking out that it's an very under reported mass murder, arguably the first mass killing in American history.


That was called the Mormon Meadows Massacre. And it happened in 1857 and a group of pioneers called the Cher Party that were going from Arkansas to California, had to move through Mormon land, Utah land to get to California. But at 1857, the Mormons had basically issued a proclamation saying that no one can come through our land without a permit from Governor Brigham Young. And they'd done this because they were getting so disrespected by the pioneers who would come through and be like, Hey bro, can I have some of your wives? Or maybe I'll just take one of your wives. And they'd steal women.


Mormons were polygamists and they all had 10 or 15 wives, which was problematic. But they, these pioneers would come through and harass the Mormons. Rape women, kill cattle. They'd let their cattle graze on the Mormon's crops. So there was all this mutual disrespect. So by the time this party came through without a permit, the Mormons warned them off and said, you gotta go back and you gotta go around, which would add like two weeks to the journey. And these pioneers were like, fuck you, we're not going around. So the Mormons came back and killed all of them. So a group of Mormons. And what was kind of fucked up is they dressed up as Paiute, which was a tribe out there, Indians.


They dressed up as the Indians and actually brought a couple of Indians with them so that any witnesses would think it was an Indian murder. Damn. And it was really a Mormon murder. It was a killing done by Mormons. And they killed about 165 of these pioneers, men, women and children. And really horrific moment in the history of the Mormon Church. And it just a horrible moment in general. And that's kind of what we use is like the inciting incidents, what we call it, where it, You know, the moment that kicks something off, so the show's kind of going along and you don't realize it's gonna hit you. And then the Mormons Medal Massacre kind of comes at you hard.


And that's the event. And so it was interesting, like going to Utah, meeting the different Mormons that were historians of this moment in time and getting them to talk about it. 'cause it's a dark moment in Mormon history, which I never knew about until you got him to talk about it. Yeah. And it was one guy, one, one Mormon wrote a book called The Meadows Massacre, and he took me to the site and he wrote it because there's a, a monument in Utah now where the massacre took place and the, the Mormons built the monument to all the folks that were killed. And he's his book.


It's really interesting because it, it it's about this crime, this horrible moment in Mormon history. And, and, and what he does in the book. And what he said to me was, okay, as a Mormon, if you, if you want to show this moment in our history, you have every right to do it. It happened. But I would ask you to read my book and do your research and at least understand how it got to that point. Right. 'cause you know, like any moment of, of violence, if you, if you backtrack it and think, well, which is kind of what's so tricky about the Israel situation. Well you try to unpack it, it just, You know, and get to the roots very hard.


In the case of the Meadows Massacre, what this guy, what the book did well is it sort of let you understand how things got so tense that this 145 person massacre could occur. And I thought that was really kind of interesting. And in learning about that and learning about American history and the, the continual line of violence that's, You know, plagued our planet, but certainly pla our plagued our country, you start to understand man, and You know, our human nature and why we're so inclined to violence. And the, and that's sort of a theme of the show.


And it, one thing so interesting that saved the Mormon church arguably is that in 1857, the Army was ready to come in big numbers and just fucking kill the Mormons. And that would've been no Mormon church. There'd be no BYU, there'd be no Salt Lake City as we know. It would've been over. And that would've been a great act of violence. But the Civil War was just popping off at that moment in 1857. 1858. So Buchanan and then Lincoln had to pull all the troops away from Brigham Young and they were about to fucking get 'em. Right. Civil war, ah, we need these troops back east.


No shit. And That saved Brigham Young, the Civil War saved the Mormon church. Wow. I had no idea. Interesting. That Is interesting. Where'd you film it? In Santa Fe? In Santa Fe on location. I wanted to do a film with no sound stages. I was like, let's go out there, let's go up on the mountain, let's shoot in the weather. Let's, let's fucking sh let's make a survival show. That's what I asked for. And that was maybe one of the stupider things I've ever asked for. 'cause we're up there for 135 days on the mountain through the winter, through the summer, You know, snowstorms, rainstorms, lightning strikes, fucking rattlesnakes.


We'd to have rattlesnake wranglers cruising through the set, You know, constantly. And they'd find the little ones, which I didn't understand. Those are the real dangerous ones. Did You know this? The little rattlesnakes, the younger and smaller, the rattlesnake, the bigger the venom load. So you see a big rattlesnake, you don't wanna mess with it. You see a little rattlesnake. Everybody clears out. No Shit. I didn't know that Snakes our active broke his leg. We had to film around that stump. Man got all fucked up. It was, it was a wild shoot. And I'm like, you asked for it. You got it. But a good challenge.


A really good challenge, Man. It looks, the preview is awesome and like it's, it looks super realistic and I'm sure it's gonna crush it on Netflix. On Netflix, correct? Yes. Yeah, on Netflix on I think January 9th. Yeah, January 9th. Yeah. Well, Peter, we're wrapping up the interview, but Well you're a good dude man. So are you. I appreciate it. Thank you for opening up about your, about everything. Same to you. Thanks for sharing the story, your buddy. Oh, it's, he lives on so he was an amazing dude, but, but man, we covered a lot of ground there and you thought you didn't have it in you.


Here we are. I wasn't sure, but hey, it was Peter. Pleasure. See again and best of luck with the film. Appreciate it. Hi, I'm Joe Saul Cihi, host of the Stacking Benjamins podcast. Every week we talk to experts about saving, investing in personal finance trends. Oh, crypto can't do it. You could have done All that research, all the breadcrumbs and thought this company's never going bankrupt Foiled again. You never knew personal finance could be this fun. Throwing down the got one.


I'm bringing it today. I'm only gonna be off by six figures instead of seven. Every boy has a dream doc. Every boy has a dream for sure. Stacking benjamins. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.