(0s):
Carla only has the best tech, can't connect to network, but she didn't have the best internet. So she got Cox multi-gig speeds to power all her. Now all her tech is connected. Exactly. Step it up with multi gig speeds available everywhere, only from Cox two gig download speeds. Individual speeds vary. See cox.com for details.

(31s):
Bored with your boring cardio. Stop pedaling that snooze cycle to Nowheresville and try some cardio. That's actually fun. Supernatural fitness available on me. Quest, isn't that right Jane Fonda Cardio Will never be boring again. Sweat to the beat of thousands of chart topping songs inside stunning virtual landscapes. Bet Your stationary bike can't do that. Visit Get Supernatural dot com and join the next fitness revolution, supernatural VR Fitness only on Med Quest rating team for team.

(1m 7s):
Mr. Colleen Georg, Thank you for having me here today. I know we have a lot to talk about. One of the most talked about political things right now in Europe and I understand the importance of it and the timeliness of it. And so I just appreciate you meeting me here today. Thank you, Sean. Thank you for having me. Bye. It's my honor, appreciate quick introduction. You are the center. You are at the center of one of the most talked about political events in Europe right now. You ran as an independent nationalist candidate who unexpectedly stirred up a political storm in Romania. The first round of voting you won with 23% of the vote on December 4th.

(1m 48s):
The US expressed concerns over Russian involvement in cyber activities influencing this election on December 6th, the Romanian constitutional court annulled the results due to allegations of the Russian interference with zero evidence. You're known to be a man of the people and you are a believer in Jesus Christ from what I understand. And so before I start, I found a verse that I thought was very fitting for what you're going through, what the US is going through and what the world is going through right now. It's Ephesians six 12 for we're not fighting against flesh and blood enemies, but against evil rulers and authorities of the unseen world, against mighty powers in this dark world and against evil spirits in heavenly places.

(2m 41s):
Thank you. I appreciate it. Just one mention that independent. Yes, but dependent by the Romanian people and for the working class and for the working families and for the to foster the domestic economy and to Don depends about others, but looks that it is wrong for the oligarch system. Which by the way, in order to start I am to be very clear, I am, I'm not a political correct person and am against, or I am anti oligarch system.

(3m 26s):
I'm anti woke. I am anti LGBT. And let's be very clear, we are with God and we are for our land. And this have to be for all the countries around the world, not only for Romania. If it's a single for Romania, it's great. But in any case, we have to be free man, free people as the God placing us from the early beginning, but looks like the oligarch system, which already they lost.

(4m 6s):
They didn't know yet. Or they know that they don't want to realize that this happened. What has happened. I think they know we dance. I'm telling you Sean, I think they know we have dancing now. You know, I've seen a lot of similarities from what I've gathered and and with this election that's happening in Romania right now, also with the 2020 election In the United States and the election that we just went through. And So I know you have a limited time and you're a busy man and So I wanna start with what are the allegations against you? You know, what lies rush truth?

(4m 51s):
Wait, always. Because we cannot do a changement if we are not say the truth. The truth is the most important part of our life and all this stuff are related to his interfer from Russia, which doesn't exist. I have no any relationship myself. And besides there are zero proofs in general, what they're talking about. How do they think Russia interfered?

(5m 32s):
What are they saying? They're saying that they're, but they don't explain how important is. They don't even the, the former president Johannes had an interview in December and the journalist asked him exactly as you asked me, no. And he said, we have no, no proofs. We have just, we suspect we have had suspicion. So there was a very broad state Yeah, no, no specifics, no specific even, you know, In the, In the vicar score.

(6m 13s):
So where we have, I mean they, they have no evidence. Did this stem from the Biden administration? Yeah, I mean, what I want to say is from the beginning that the second round of elections was illegally and unconstitutionally canceled. They stolen the vote of the people new elections or they're talking now are fraud even bigger. Right. And the Romanian people are aware that was a kuta order from abroad and implemented by Romanian oligarchs.

(7m 12s):
Because I want to underline the most important sentence of our conversation today. They are alert about the word peace because they need war. And from early beginning now and forever, I'm the person for peace. I'm the president of peace. And all my campaign was for peace. And I said, we don't need war, we need just peace. And when they ask me different, they say legacy media, we sometime they prefer the lies instead of truth.

(7m 60s):
I said, yes, I shall stop In the first second. Any contribution from Romania for this war. Who are some of these oligarchs in Romania? What do they do? You know, the system is everywhere. The system, it's in civil servants, it's in a, is a system. They, they, they are in a network made by Soros from early beginning of 90 from Soros, George Soro, yeah, George Soros that just got the, which is the same situation as he made everywhere And was a civil society destroyed totally from 1990.

(8m 54s):
And I wish to be very clear that In the first minute when I shall be official president, the Soro network in Romania will be banned. Banned because did a lot of damage for our country and for our people. A lot, a lot significant. And it's not only for Romania, and by the way, this situation with a mate, now they sets a dangerous situation, you know, a dangerous precedent not only for Romania, for the whole world and spec and, and most special for United States because I, I know and I was trained and I received the, the massive, the massive constructive education in United States.

(10m 10s):
I remember very well in 1992 when I was first nine in United States, I remember with, okay, In the, In the area of environment, which is my, my background. But I learn about the idea, the strong idea of Tommy Jefferson, of Lincoln, of Washington. What does mean the democracy, what is democracy Today they installed the dictatorship with this situation. And again, they set a dangerous situation, a dangerous precedent for what will happen next in United States because they don't understand Washington, particularly today or a new administration, that this could be a wave.

(11m 11s):
Very dangerous for all of us. It's not only for Romania. Our dialogue today is not only for Romania, honestly speaking, you are here because you are aware as we, we changed some words before our interview that the situation is terrible, dangerous everywhere and particularly exactly In the country where we are looking, all of us for the big changement, for the freedom, for the real democracy. I mean, after so many years, we arrive In the point that they impose the dictatorship.

(11m 54s):
And this is very dangerous because again, it's a reset for all of us, for the whole world right now. Yes, a lot of people, including Romania, they are looking for January 20. But I dunno if we shall arrive to January 20 and all of us will be happy on that. The only thing which I can guarantee today to you is what's happened in Romania is one very important step that people are together. We are one. And this is very important because the people, they realize what is going on and they realize the situation and they realize that the system was exposed, his corruption.

(12m 51s):
This is extremely important for us. Of course, this is not justice. Not only Romania, justice doesn't exist In the country. When, when is the last time that Romania had a present that wasn't under the influence of oligarchs In the deep state. Has there ever been a This was started already in 19 90, 19 90. So 1989 was a Ku deta together with a, with a revolutionary act from the people we, the true believers at the time. Okay. But in fact was a kuta and soro network particularly, they, they stolen the country immediately.

(13m 44s):
And we arrive today with zero capacity in order to produce our domestic economy. And in general, the people are some, it's another country, another Romanian country's abroad, which is of course it's, it's very dangerous and it's not good for us. So it's one country outside, one country inside. And it's not, they're not, they don't left for good. They left Romania because they need decent work and they need a, a dignity, you know, when it comes to the allegations against the Russian influence and the the election process right?

(14m 34s):
Now, I just wanna ask you man to man, have you had any contact with Vladimir Putin? No. Zero. Absolutely zero. Is anybody in your campaign that you're aware of? Nobody important is, particularly myself. I have no relationship, no contacts, no communication, just I know like you from the tv, this is all, but in any case, important is that nobody ask official them. I mean In the sense, those guy, which they accuse us, and I'm speaking about the Romania side, they didn't ask the Russian embassy, embassy or official, let's say, conversation with with them what is going on here.

(15m 32s):
No. And is zero evidence. So my side, from my side, as I said, it's zero contract from their side, no evidence. So everything which is going on today In the whole world is because he's Russian influence seems to be the commonality. So exactly, it's like meat. Yeah, they did the same thing against President Trump. And that wound up being, being a hoax.

(16m 10s):
Even though I'm excited for the new administration, there's a lot of tension In the world. Russia, Ukraine, the border inflation, who knows what could happen next. Me. I'm not waiting around to find out and I don't think you should either. Look it's simple. I want you to go to sean likes gold.com. You'll learn about my partners over at Goldco. They're a great precious metals company that I trust. They're one of the top rated gold companies In the industry with impeccable customer service. And they support the show. And for my listeners, they're going to give you a free gold and silver kit where you can learn about how precious metals could help you protect your money. You could also get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. That extra 10% is a great way to get started. Plus it helps support the show. All you need to do is go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com. Make sure you do everything in your power to help protect what's yours. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.

(17m 16s):
A lot of us are trying to get our finances in order and to start the new year off, right? There's some great news for homeowners. Interest rates have dropped and if you've been buried in high interest credit card debt, now's the time to break. Free American Financing can help you access the cash in your home to pay off your high interest debt. Last year, their salary based mortgage consultants helped customers save an average of $800 a month. That's like giving yourself a $10,000 raise. What a way to start the new year. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or go to American Financing dot net slash ss NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 Nmls, C-O-N-S-U-M-E-R access.org. Call 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 for details about credit costs and terms.

(18m 20s):
Exactly. So don't forget that In the allegation from Trump before, it's absolutely equal with what I receive. It just, they change Trump with George, but it in fact they are the same when it comes to the, the Russian Ukraine war. Do you lean towards the Russian side? Do you have a stance on that? What would you like the outcome to be? So first of all, you can not put weapons before dialogue doesn't his dialogue.

(19m 2s):
And it is just, you know, the, the, the war has his invisible side because behind the world it's a head of snake, which is a financial banking system. They need, as I said to you before, they're alert of the world peace because they need war. Because war doesn't mean a lot of influence and money and in general, the objective are the natural resources.

(19m 52s):
We have problems, a lot of problems as country, not only from now and history. Why? Because we are rich as country. Very rich country is Afghanistan, very rich countries, Ukraine, extremely rich countries, Russia, there are a few countries very, very, very, very rich. Look Africa, why Africa is like this? 'cause it's very rich. In fact is a, a continent of course is very rich, but all the countries are very rich in Africa. I know that there is a lot of Russian and Chinese influence in Africa right now because of those 'cause of those resources.

(20m 40s):
Those are resources. Exactly. But beside is that they give to them the chance to be free. As before the colonies, colonies, British regime. You know what they, they they did the, the the, the slavery is very, very present today is not abolished. So when it comes, I just wanna re wanna ask my question, are you pro-Russia In the Ukraine war? Yes or no? I'm pro Romanian. You're pro Romanian. I don't care what is going on there. Just one piece.

(21m 20s):
It's not my business how you can have a war In the middle of Europe. Just think about that. It's a crazy time. I mean it's, it's incredible. I mean I was trained for diplomacy, for dialogue. I mean we have all the capacity In the dialogue to discuss about this. Nobody needs about this. I un I understood the what I had a number that United States and together with Europe till now they invest more than 300 millions in this world. Could be wrong, would be right.

(22m 1s):
I don't know. But anyway, looks that is most probably that. So how you can do is this money In the moment when you have more than, more than 25% of the whole world is under the level of poverty, which I mean below $2 per day. Okay? Have you been sometime in, in Africa? I have been to Africa. I have many times eight years. And I know the situation there. They invest in both sides and they fight.

(22m 43s):
What does mean? This for where this third millennium where we, where we arrive as people, as human being besides our national countries and our nationalists and our freedom, the most important, we are very, very close to lose the humanity from us. And this is my, my way with my people. Again, I'm not pro Sam. I'm not pro-American. I'm not proin, I'm not pro Russia. I'm not proclaim, I'm just pro Romanian, but I'm pro humanity. This is a most important part of my, my, my campaign and my my way.

(23m 25s):
Would it be fair to say you're just totally indifferent to the Russia, Ukraine situation. Your only concern is you don't want Romania involved could be more specific. Like you just don't want Romania involved In the Russia Ukraine conflict. Yes, yes. I don't want to involve my country there. I it is not our war. It's we have to take care about our land only, about our land, about our welfare, about our families. I wish and I definitely, IIII have to be a president who take care us about the children, to take care about the families and to take care about the peace inside.

(24m 19s):
The peace for the whole world come from our peace from us, from inside us. It comes from here

(24m 32s):
Bored with your boring cardio. Stop pedaling that snooze cycle to Nowheresville and try some cardio. That's actually fun. Supernatural fitness available on me. Quest isn't that right Jane Fonda Cardio Will never be boring again. Sweat to the beat of thousands of chart topping songs inside stunning virtual landscapes that Your stationary bike can't do that Visit get Supernatural dot com and join the next fitness revolution. Supernatural VR Fitness only on Med Quest waiting team for team.

(25m 2s):
But what is what the legacy media is doing is exactly what is not truth. And this is the main important point. I mean, who has a first power In the world? I'm telling you, legacy media. And this is a very, very dangerous situation because if you are speaking or if you are writing because someone behind you pay you is that, as Trump said, followed the water. You know, I think that the, the world is on the precipice of a, a media revolution and legacy media every day is losing more and more credibility.

(25m 50s):
Legacy media. Yes. The, the, the media landscape is, is being revolutionized by podcasts like this. Indeed, indeed. And moreover, it's the people they have to recognize what's what's happening in Romania, because Romania made act of that, of dignity, of honor, which not exists too much spread In the world today. So the Romanian people, they're looking for the dignity of human being.

(26m 32s):
They're looking for the dignity of our country to be to, to to, to weigh the respect you have, to respect first yourself, you know, know. And it's not secure for any person today In the world because it's not a code of morality doesn't exist. And for this reason, I said what is happened now in Romania and there's no reaction from abroad in special from United States. They don't understand what is going on here because if they use Romania's door for war, what would be next?

(27m 15s):
So first of all, they killed the democracy, they installed the dictatorship would be a pre precedent, as I said, for the whole world and special for United States because all the people, they're looking for the changement, which President Trump will arrive soon. How can do that if it's not reaction exactly to the main important door for the democracy and of the situation, which is today. I mean, again, this was happening In the last year, in December 6th when they canceled, as I said, the second round of election.

(28m 4s):
And they, they definitely, they installed the dictatorship in, in Romania. So today it's quite more than one month. There's no reaction. I can understand the situation official to be recognized, to be official install. But even that, you, you can have a reaction, no reaction. And, and this is also, I said for for Romanian people, it's important because we, we expose the corruption of the system with this situation and we expose the corruption everywhere.

(28m 47s):
Because I said the Romanian people, I said In the early beginning, it's aware of the fact that was a kuta. Exactly as I said, order from abroad and implemented by the Romanian oligarchs, European Union is totally for this war. We are not, it's not our war, it's not our problem. Again, we are looking just for peace. I don't want to see one man, one young man to be involved in this situation.

(29m 36s):
I think a lot of people agree with you on that. Exactly. I wanna move to your campaign. It's my understanding that, that your campaign did not require a lot of money, a lot of capital. You don't trust the legacy media and you took to social media. What we saw in 2020 during the Trump Biden election is Mark Zuckerberg completely de platformed President Trump. He wasn't allowed to use the, the any social media platforms. Jack Dorsey kicked him off of Twitter. I believe even Google also de platformed him.

(30m 16s):
Are you experiencing any de platforming or censorship on any of your social media campaigns? Sean, first of all, the social media was used by All the politicians, correct? Everywhere. I mean, it's not, not myself first, but in our specific case, our campaign used zero budget because this was my wish in order to foster and to to yeah, to foster the Romanian people for, for the future and for our real democracy and freedom.

(30m 60s):
This was my decision, no budget for that. So the narrative changed the situation. My narrative, not the social media. Social media was just a network in order to to, to rolling to roll the, the narrative, the ideas, yes, indeed. But this was made by thousand hundred thousand people I was not involved in on that. I made this just with a few people, was just a few team, a small team. And we spread this and I said, do what you want.

(31m 44s):
I'm always on the lookout for ways to get healthier. Especially now. That's why I am so glad I discovered Arm a colostrum arm. A colostrum has thousands of people reporting absolutely life-changing benefits. Tens of thousands of five star reviews and transformational stories. Armor up colostrum is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 living bioactive nutrients that can help strengthen the barriers of your body and help fuel cellular health. For thousands of research, research-backed health benefits, armor colostrum can help strengthen immunity and gut health, help improve fitness and metabolism, and enhance skin and hair radiance. We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try arm.com/ss or enter SRS to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/ss. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. A these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. These statements and information are not a substitute for or alternative to seeking care from your healthcare providers.

(33m 1s):
It's a new year and there's no better time to start sleeping better. With cozy earth's bestselling bedding, it's soft, lightweight, temperature regulating, super comfortable and helping me sleep better than I have in years. You can feel the difference too. With cozy earth's bamboo sheet set. It gets softer with every wash. They're breathable for cooler sleep year round and they're made of durable weave fabric that won't pill Cozy Earth prides itself on the responsible production of all their products. And better yet, cozy earth bedding products have a 100 night sleep trial in a 10 year warranty. So there's no reason not to try them. A better year starts with better sleep. Wrap yourself in cozy Earth, head to cozy earth.com/ss now and use my exclusive code SS for up to 40% off. That's cozy earth.com/ss. If you get a post-purchase survey, say you heard about Cozy Earth from the Shawn Ryan Show podcast,

(34m 4s):
If the people they invest their self, it's not my business. I dunno. Nothing, nothing, nothing. Absolutely nothing. I dunno who made and why they made. So it's no any influence of that. Again, zero. We are here and we trust in our land. We trust in God and this is all which we need. So the the problem is, Sean, is you can see also your question, which is normal to, to give to me, is that the people, they don't realize they could be another form this campaign because simply they remain in their track and they don't believe they could be other solution, other alternative.

(35m 1s):
Why could be why you have to remain. Because we are not free for this reason. We are not free in our mind to think that can be not an alternative. We, we can think different. How have they, how have they shut you down? It's my understanding, you won, you won the first round with 23% of the vote. Am I correct on that? This is correct. After of course they, they stolen a lot. This probably was more than 30%, but it was more than 30%.

(35m 43s):
Yeah. Yeah. Because we know from, from our calculation, but in any case was 23rd, as you said, and I want to mention it early beginning, they put me on the, on the screen with less than 1% until the end of the day. Wow. Yeah. So for this reason, I mean all the calculation for them, they were wrong, totally wrong or manipulate. What, what means do you think they'll go to the try to stop you? I mean, we talked about how they de platformed Trump in 2020, this election. We saw two assassination attempts. We've seen false allegations with, with all kinds of things in, in, in, in Georgia and New York.

(36m 27s):
And so what, what, what are you expecting to deal with? Is, is this election kind of resurfaces from what I understand, that'll they're gonna, is it may they'll redo the election for in this this year. Yes, yes. Yes. They, yesterday they promoted, as I said, a new election. New elections are fraud even bigger than what they made already because we discuss about the second round cancer illegally and unconstitutional. How did they do that?

(37m 8s):
Simply like that. By, by an order. Are you experienced? Romanian constitutional court is something which they made from early beginning in order to help them help the system, the olig guard system in any situation, which does mean what they did is finished. If they said, our dialogue today, Kalin is shown he's wrong, they cancel. Is Romania In the midst of a coup right now? Indeed that's what's happening. And it a coup deta in no shame in front of all the old world.

(37m 58s):
And the problem Sean, is, is no reaction. This is, is just the reaction from our people, of course, from the Romanian people, also from abroad, this is absolutely clear. Everyone in, in Europe, you have seen also in Canada and not only also In the United States. I'm speaking about Romanian people, but no official position. So with another words, what is going on here? We accept the dictatorship does mean that even in United States, they accept this.

(38m 43s):
So maybe tomorrow we can see in front of us that this happens. The same dictatorship in Washington. I dunno. So this precedent, it's very, very dangerous because nobody act I ask you how the former president, which is still totally legal In the position today, how he can have an international meeting or position because he's illegal. The government is illegal. Everything is illegal. After the December 6th, the last year, nobody said anything.

(39m 29s):
How much of this, how much of this coup has to do with the, the NATO base that they're building in Romania right now? From my understanding, this will be the biggest, the biggest NATO base ever to be built in Europe. 1.5 times bigger than Ramstein Air base. I understood also this 10,000 troops. I understood. I understood. We, by the way, they're not Romanians, you know, so probably they, they had the plan before and the Romanian people, they changed their plan. And for this reason, they put constitutional court to stop and to cancel the second round.

(40m 10s):
Because again, I was, and I am and I should be forever for peace. Why we have to, to have war. Why you have to, we don't need war. This is my point. What will the implications of Romania be? What if the NATO basis goes to completion will be a way for a dangerous situation of democracy In the united? A main important point. I would think it would be a major, there would be major implications for Romania two if Russia decides to strike that base. It's true, it's true. But also for United States, because from United States, we're looking for the democracy actually is a point which I said to you.

(40m 60s):
And here we are exactly, exactly on this point. That the, the situation and the the, the whole system of democracy is affected everywhere today. Look, looks what is what's happening in Canada. It's a wave of changement. And the real people as President Trump, they don't realize what is going on here, what is happening in Canada, what is happening in Austria, what is happening in France, you know, very well in Germany, by the way, in Europe.

(41m 44s):
Okay, I I can understand that each country has its own problem and not easy to manage special the debt. Correct, the debt, the loans we dated before we discussed In the United States about 35 trillions debt, which is not easy to be managed. I can understand even for us. But still it's a problem of human being, communication. It's a human being, you know, part of this life related to his God, if In the notes of $1 is with trust in God is real or not.

(42m 34s):
This is my question for Washington. We trust in God, we trust in Romania for sure. Otherwise, we, we cannot arrive here. We don't arrive here without, God made us to arrive here in this point. And for sure we are, we are, we, we shall continue this way of dignity, but have faith, Sean, and exactly here we are today.

(43m 18s):
You have or you don't have. Faith is the main important point of our dialogue today. And this is my message. You trust or not in God because here is a spirit, it's a spiritual level. This is absolutely clear. And it's not just a, a matter of let's say economic situation, which I, I can understand, but it's not, it's not more than that. We are hearing a historical situation for a big shift after 2000 years of let's say of of No real democracy, especially In the last 100 years.

(44m 21s):
Romanian people, we don't play games. We are very, very straight for our dignity and for our honor, we, we are totally convinced and, and commit to continue for the dignity of, of us or human being beside anything else. Otherwise doesn't mean that's what you're doing in this world, why you arrive here. It's a, it's a question why we are here for for what purpose?

(45m 3s):
What is our way? Why you arrive special in this time, no, 100 years ago or or 500 years ago. The world is definitely at a major decision point. Yeah, but we have to, to to to, to recognize the consciousness we have to conduct us. Could you be a little bit more specific as to the, the consequences to the United States if the NATO base does go to completion? Very good question.

(45m 43s):
Nato, based on its own constitution is a defensive organization. Correct This, everybody is knowing that perfectly for this reason. We, we as people even for European Union, even for nato, we are totally agree and we are, we like to be like that. It's fine again, it's fine. But In the moment when you change the constitution and you want to be offensive organization, it's changed the game In the middle of the game, change the rules. And here we cannot accept this point because if they change the rule and NATO becomes an offensive organization does mean that it's not anymore nato.

(46m 38s):
Correct. Correct. That's where I thought you were. This is a huge influence for United States special today with the world in Ukraine.

(46m 52s):
If you're like me, health and wellness is extremely important to you. But how do you know who to trust when it comes to the supplement industry? We have all these companies, they pop up every other day. They're all selling snake oil. How do you know who to trust? Well, here's the most important question. Who wants to take the biggest, most massive shit of your entire life? Bubs is a company I've used and trusted for a long time. They make great products, have rigorous quality standards, and they are a long time supporter of this show. And they have the recipe for the biggest shit of your entire life. I love their collagen peptides. This isn't just any collagen, it is a benchmark of trust and performance. It's crafted with integrity and backed by NSF for sports certification, giving you their assurance of its purity and potency. Bubs collagen peptides helps support your joints, help enhance recovery, and help revitalize your hair and skin. And yes, it will help you stay regular Bubs was found in an honor of Navy SEAL Glen Bub Doherty. And every product supports veterans. With 10% of all profits going to help military men and women transition back into civilian life. And now for the recipe for the biggest and best shit of your entire life. Bubs, collagen, peptides mixed with Bubs, apple cider vinegar, gummies, and you have a recipe for success every day. Bubs, collagen peptides, Bubs, apple cider vinegar gummies, ready to upgrade your life. Visit Bubs naturals.com today and use promo code Sean for 20% off your order. Bubs naturals.com/sean,

(49m 7s):
you sign up for something, forget about it. After the trial ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused every month. Thanks to Rocket Money. I can see all my subscriptions in one place and cancel the ones I'm not using anymore and now I'm saving more money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps you lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money's dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts and keeps you informed with alerts. If bills increase in price, there's unusual spending activity or if you're close to going over budget, Rocket Money will even automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save and lower your bills. Then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with customer service so you don't have to. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash ss today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash ss Rocket Money dot com slash ss

(50m 39s):
Because Zelensky Zelensky won the PRR, but Putin one, the real war, this is a difference. And the legacy media, they're talking about other things, which is not the truth. But this United States In the early beginning to you lies, rush the truth. Waits eight. So this NATO base, just to be clear, the biggest NATO base ever to be built in Europe is going to be constructive to conduct a major offensive into Russia.

(51m 30s):
Exactly. This is a word offensive, which is wrong way. And we cannot accept this simply like that because it's not our business, it's not our war. Again, we have no how I can say it's not evidence, there doesn't exist evidence on that. Why we have to be involved on that. We have not reason to do that In the game. You, you cannot change the rules during the the game.

(52m 10s):
If you do win the presidency here, will we reconstruct the Romanian government? How, how much we have to how much of the government is corrupt? All all of it. All of them. How we reconstruct that is very simple. Very simple. You don't have to do something specific for that. But for sure In the moment when the productive property is spread everywhere does mean you spread the power to each citizen. You got my point? Because each of them will be free.

(52m 53s):
He has the capacity to produce profit with his own hands and the stage help him because the private property is a key element. And here I am exactly. Asto Jefferson, mate, I don't invade the the the wheel I'm telling you just I learn from our PORs, ASTO Jefferson was for me it's a absolute ideal one. Hmm. And here we discuss about how we can spread the productive property, how we can spread the, the power to the people in order to produce goods and valued edit.

(53m 33s):
And we don't sell the just the the natural resources like, like that we, we we sell valued edit. We don't sell the timber. You sell the the the chair or you sell the, you understand the furniture, you sell the products paid from the resources, the products. Exactly. So this does mean that In the moment when you empower your people to produce and to foster the domestic economy, the country, immediately they cleaned the corruption. Because the corruption now dictate what dictate, dictate the process.

(54m 19s):
And In the moment when they dictate this, the big fish eat the small fish and it's fish. I mean the the domestic product, the domestic people, they don't have any word to say the farmers in Romania, they are under the dictatorship of the oligarch system. So just, and this was my plan, my program food, water, and energy exactly as Kennedy spoke In the United States, even even Trump, Kennedy was very specific.

(54m 60s):
We, we have to change agriculture. We have to give real food to our, to our children because we are sick as nation. Exactly. This is happening. But my program was more or less say more specific on that food, water and energy. We produce food, good quality of food, natural food, water, good quality energy. We have all the energy is necessary. Why you have to import energy. This is a very, very basic things which we have to do. So in other words, we change the situation, change, change the economic situation.

(55m 40s):
This is a big change which we have to do. So we don't change the people, we change the system. You got my point. I get your point. What kind of energy, how are you gonna expand energy? We have, we have a lot of water, hydro, hydro. So first of all, hydro, it's top. We have oil a lot of course now, not ours, it's to others too. To others. But this is not a we every, everything can be can be reshaped and can, can be changed. But we have hydro, we have oil, we have coal a lot.

(56m 23s):
So we have everything. So we can be the main exporter of energy In the, In the region. By the way, the main exporter of the region, we have gas, a lot of gas including In the black sea. So we, as I said to you, our problem is our richness. We have problems now because we are very, very rich. And this is a problem. If you do become the president, will you have the power to stop the construction of the NATO base. I have the power to install the piece.

(57m 4s):
This is for sure the people In the entire international world, they have to recognize the peace, not the world. We don't need war. It's absolutely crazy things which we are doing today in all the countries speaking about any country, if you wish, whatever country you, you choose in Europe, China, Russia, United States. Why you need this? No, I ask you why, why, why? We need, if we can cooperate, we have just one planet which give to us. Everything can cover all the needs, which we are looking for, but for sure cannot cover one.

(57m 49s):
Our greed. If we trust in God why we need word. I ask you, I ask you personally today why if we said we trust in God. Correct, correct, correct. Even In the note of $1 is no, we are trusting God. Why you need work. Well for what? Because we can cover all the needs. You would have to take away greed. This is a point. So the greed will be, and In the moment when exactly as I said, on economic dimension as a distributed system, as a sovereignty of the people.

(58m 36s):
Because this, I'm looking for In the moment when each of them has power each, not few of them each In the moment when the private property is strong, strong and private productive property. Property, he's strong. Which does mean he has the tools, he has everything in order to each person to produce himself whatever he wants or to construct whatever he wants. It's not my point. Small amount of enterprise. This is the most important. Romanian entrepreneurs to be strong. The country will be strong if we discuss about oligarchs. They're strong.

(59m 15s):
Of course they destroyed Romanian entrepreneurs because they, they control the market. The market is not free. The market is control. It's a market controlled by the oli guard system. They control the price In the moment. They control the price, they destroy the, the domestic product. So the market, the the price of the of, of the market have to be free. Free free doesn't mean free, no other things. So it's very easy. So for this, I said we don't need war. If we have all the things which we need, why?

(59m 58s):
Why you have to have war. Okay, we can understand what's happened 200 years ago, 300 years ago, 500 years ago. We can understand 1000 years ago, yeah. Until the moment when all the states, they arrive to the point and okay, we cannot, we can understand the construction of the states. But right now In the term millennium, what is the role I ask you of United Nations in this war, in this sense, I left United Nation for this reason because I know the reason why they built United Nations 1945 for one simply gold piece.

(1h 0m 43s):
We don't need anymore war. This was the goal and was not anymore until today were more than more than 1000 wars everywhere in conflicts. What is the role of United Nation ask from 1945 until today? Tell me what was his role. If the main important role peace was not accomplished Does mean that me, you as citizen, which already we pay from correct.

(1h 1m 26s):
From our budget to United Nation via our countries because this is a rule each country make is a contribution. Make a contribution to Na nation. You, me everybody. How can reflect our contribution? The peace Zero. Because they installed the war everywhere. Where is United Nation? Tell me in Ukraine today or in relationship with Russia, why United Nation is not in Moscow today or in Kiev to discuss about this?

(1h 2m 6s):
Why, why is not? I think it's pretty clear. 'cause I don't want it. Why not? Why Washington is not in front of that. Because they want the war. I told you from early beginning this, for this reason, they canceled the second election with me and Romanian people because I said peace, peace is the main purpose. So we have to be aware and through you and through other leaders like you who you trust in God to reflect that we are in a very dangerous situation because we have no, in Europe, particularly Sean, we have no leaders.

(1h 2m 53s):
We have just power holders and puppets as in Romania is today's a puppet. Of course he's controlled by our legal system. He's not leader. Leaders are few, very few. And they trust in God and they take care about our people. I hope President Trump and very clear to be a leader. I hope to be a leader. I think a lot of people hope that I hope to until the first day In the first minute, not first day.

(1h 3m 38s):
Yeah. When the election resumes, we have to start from the first round again, we, it's difficult to accept this almost impossible because new elections are fraud even bigger. We are looking for the second round and we are looking that before 20, I hope or after 20 In the first day President Trump to, to give a wise, wise signal to all world.

(1h 4m 25s):
But beside we are Romanian people alone with God. So we continue our way. Like already we start for our dignity for sure that. Well, Mr. George Ku, I really appreciate you being here and I can tell you're a great human that cares a lot about your people and I just, I much appreciate the thank you, thank you, Thank You.

(1h 5m 14s):
No matter where you're watching Shawn Ryan Show from. If you get anything out of this, please like, comment, subscribe, and most importantly share this everywhere you possibly can. And if you're feeling extra generous, please leave us a review on Apple and Spotify Podcasts. Hi, I'm Joe Sal Sea. Hi host of the Stacking Benjamins podcast. Every week we talk to experts about saving, investing, personal finance trends. Oh, crypto can't do it. You could have done All that research, all the breadcrumbs and thought this company's never going bankrupt Foiled again. You never knew personal finance could be this fun. Throwing down the got one. I'm bringing it today. I'm only gonna be off by six figures instead of seven.

(1h 5m 55s):
Every boy has a dream doc. Every boy has a dream for sure. Stacking benjamins. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.