
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling. Today.


The NFL playoffs are better with FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 200 bucks in bonus bets guaranteed. That's $200 in bonus bets win or lose FanDuel, an official sports book partner of the NFL 21 plus in President Select States. First online Real money wager only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan doel.com. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Jane Doe. Welcome to the Shawn Ryan Show. Thank you. It's a pleasure to be here. I really appreciate you coming. Sarah Adams a really good friend of mine and repeat guest on Shawn Ryan Show connected us. What, about a month ago, I think? Yep. And So I know you're traveling from overseas. We'll not say where, but she says that you are the world's leading expert on Al-Qaeda, and I've been talking to Sarah Scott Mann legend. We even flew all the way to Vienna to interview Ms. So who's the leader of the National Resistance Front, kind of took the torch from his dad, who was assassinated by Bin Laden just a few days before nine 11.


And we've been trying to get out, You know, what Taliban, what Al-Qaeda, what Isis, Al-Shabaab, all these terrorist networks have been up to on the show. And it's been really, really hard to kind of get people's attention. The mainstream media just refuses to cover it. I don't know why. And, and unfortunately, it took the attack on January 1st, 2025 this year to kind of get people really looking at it. And, and so now you have the whole world listening. And I know there was some, some, some, some attacks in Europe at the Christmas markets.


Sarah, actually, I wouldn't, she told us that was gonna happen. I don't know if you would call that a prediction or if that was just flat out that, I mean, intelligence that's being brought to this show is coming to fruition. And now that people know that people are paying attention and, and So I just, I know that takes a lot of courage to come out here and be on this show. And so Thank you for being here, And Thank you for the invitation And just a quick introduction. So today we're gonna hide your identity. We'll call you Jane Doe, due to the nature of your work combating terrorism. Again, welcome to the show.


You're one of the leading experts in the world regarding the Al Al-Qaeda terrorist network. You're an is a veteran and former intelligence analyst. You completed multiple tours in Afghanistan. Thank you for sitting down with us today. This conversation's gonna help a lot of people. And, and, and this is from Sarah. I was texting with her to more this morning. And so a lot of people have a lot of faith and, and, and Sarah Adams and what she has to say because, because things are happening that she said would happen, multiple things, both overseas and, and here. And so she texted me this morning, she said, Jane is humble, but you not only have the number one expert in the world right now on AQ central leadership, but she has completely infiltrated them.


What is in her head will save lives, no doubt. Have a great interview. And so if Sarah says that, that carries a lot of weight, not only with me, but to this audience, and as the audience grows more into the global scale, again, Thank you for being here and in and emptying out what's in your head and what You know about these terrorist organizations to the entire world. I know that that comes at a cost. Thank you. I'm, I'm trying to do my best. I mean, it's, yeah, all trade is, is, is, is is very sophisticated. And, and Sarah has been doing an amazing job and I've been working with her in the last two years trying to put the piece, the, the pieces together to understand what happened, You know, around 2021, what has happened, what's been happening now.


So yeah, I'm trying to give you, during this interview kind of that what we know. Well, we got a lot of different subjects to dive into. First everybody gets a gift. It'll be the only light part of the interview that we have here. So here you go. Thank you all gummy youth. Those are vigilance league gummy bears. Yeah, I legal in all 50 states. I'm not sure if they're legal, where you came from, but it's just candy. There's no CBD, there's no anything else in 'em. So, oh, Thank you. I'm a big fan of gummies. Right On. Yeah. And, and they're made here in the USA, so those are hard to come by is we're sold out again.


But, and then the other thing before we do start the interview, I have a Patreon account, Patreon's a subscription network. And so one of the things we do, they've been around here forever, since before I even started this show, I used to teach tactics, which is weird saying that, seeing what this is developed into. But, but one of the things that I, I do for them is I offer, I offer them an opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. They've been with us here since the beginning. They're the reason that I get to sit here and the reason that you get to sit here. And so this is kind of the least I can do for my community.


Sure. And so this question is from Kyle M when dealing with a threat such as A-V-B-I-D or any other explosion, mass shooting kind of event, what are the proper precautions to take when analyzing for potential secondary attacks? And then there's a follow on such as more shooters and secondary explosions. How does someone know whether to stay, fight, help the wounded or retreat to a known safe location until the chance of a secondary threat is greatly mitigated? Ooh, not an easy question. I mean, we, we used to face with it in Afghanistan, right?


We had all these very tough decisions to make every day. I think the key here, what we are facing, I mean, these complex attacks, is that how we can put together the first responders? Right? I mean, when it, when we talk about casualties, you know, okay, let the, the, the, the, the medics take care of that or just trying to catch, You know, the shooters. I mean, that that's on the police or what the community can do. Yeah, that's another question. I think here, what the challenge is going to be is that what if we have two attacks or three or four or five at the same time, the same place?


Yeah. I mean the key in here that the responders not, I mean, not to drag all of them to one spot. So it's all about, I think the key going to be organization, what the local people can do. You know, it's America, people have weapon. I mean, you have large numbers of veterans, special forces communities, obviously they can be kind of involved. The risk in here, it's like what happened during the HOAs attack? I dunno if you heard about the AL directive, then the HOAs attackers got into the music festival and the military got the order to shoot and the military said yet, but we don't know who are the attackers.


I mean, it's not clearly visible. And they said, doesn't matter, just stop them. So obviously there were casualties. Yeah. So I think that's a, that's a huge risk in here when we talk about multiple attacks, how you stop them, how you can contain them, and local population. I mean, it's just law enforcement. I have a feeling this question comes from Kyle Morgan, who was a prior guest on this show, former Delta operator, US Special Forces, and he responded to a terrorist attack, I believe was Al-Shabaab at the Radison Blue in Molly.


And I can't remember exactly how long the gunfight is, was I, I believe it was like a 16 hour gunfight slash rescue mission. And when nobody else would answer the call, it was him. And I know that that's still haunts him To this day. And now with the threat that we face here in the US and also in Europe, I know this is on everybody's mind. So just to kind of expound on, on his question here, You know, what, is there anything, is there anything that, so let's say it was A-A-I-E-D-A bomb, in my experience being overseas in Afghanistan, that was, I wouldn't say all the time, but in several cases it was an initiation with a follow on attack of shooters.


Would that, would you say that if an A-I-E-D-A bomb went off in a location, it would be, could you expect shooters to come? Are you picking up that kind of intelligence? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. I believe So. I believe so. I mean, when we talk about VBID or, or IED I mean, in Afghanistan it was mainly targeting convoys, right? VBID is, is just targeting, you know, the, the, the population. When you have a crowd, I would expect here on US soil or in Europe, I mean, when we talk about V-B-I-E-D, it's going to be target, it's going to target specific locations. I mean, because the key, I believe, at least the information until now I have is that it attack with an explosion is just going to be kind of an the, the beginning of an attack, which is coming after.


Okay. So, and the, and the key of that is to drag the first responders to one side. Okay. Okay. So imagine that if you have, I don't know, it's really just a wide example. So it's nothing to do with information like getting a suicide bomber into ause zone, where obviously you can have high casualties, right? And the first responders will be there, I mean, several ambulance cars, the police, You know, just close the vicinity of the area and mass shooting is starting on the other side of the city. Okay. So it would be to, it's a diversion. Yeah, absolutely. It's absolutely it's diversion with, with mass casualty event.


Yeah. Yeah. And then a follow on attack somewhere else in the city or throughout the country. Yeah. And, and the key is to not have response. So until now, what I know is that just, just imagine that you have an explosion in one place and you have just, I dunno, 1000 people around. Everyone is calling 9 1 1. That's a massive heat on the communication system, right? Because everyone is calling 9 1 1 and, and it's one location. So when phone calls thousands are coming from another location, it's, it's, it's, I I can't, I can't imagine how the system is going to handle that.


And we are just talking about communication. I don't know how you would handle that. You would have to be very smart about how you allocate resources or have at least a team, maybe a SWAT team or two SWAT team sitting behind to respond to a follow on. Do you think we'll see that, so that doesn't just apply to bombs at the, that that would apply to any attack. Yeah. Could be a diversion. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I mean, I mean that's, that's the key. That's, that's really the key that it's going to be so hard to encounter it. And it, just back to the question, I think the United States has this, I mean, you have a lot of veterans just imagine that something is happening around where you live.


You know, I know you, and you will grab the weapon, You know, and you do your job because you are trained for it. But in Europe, we don't have it. We don't have this large number of veterans. Yeah. Nor can you carry a weapon. No, no. But, but with these attacks, yeah. At least until what I know now is that, yeah, it's going to be probably one attack, make a huge diversion, overstretching the responders, and then just do the next one. Do You think that Europe is a lot more vulnerable to this than the United States, do you think?


Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. Do you think they'll start there? It's difficult because, You know, everything, any, anything can trigger the attacks. And, and that's the key here. That's what I'm trying to figure out. How, how they work, how they think. I'm just telling an example can be that we stopped funding the Taliban and just, okay, let's do it. Yeah. I hope that we stop funding the Taliban. Oh, I hope so. I have to say this on every show, even though every time we talk about this, even on other shows, when I interviewed Donald Trump, when I interviewed JD Vance, I, I, I talk about it, but we are, we are currently funding the Taliban, according to legend, Sarah Adams and Massou.


We, the US is currently funding Taliban 42 80 $7 million a week, flown into ca as cash into Afghanistan through NGOs. And it was, to my understanding, I believe since, since the Afghan withdrawal, the Taliban is set up over 900, and this is even six month old news, so I'm sure it's more than that. Over 900 NGOs kind of, kind of facade NGOs that just funnels the money right back into the terrorist Organizations. Yep, absolutely. But also when we talk about the, the cash delivery, is that, so the plane is landing.


There is a un personal, You know, because part of it is, You know, the cash for Unama, but there are additional bags. Wow.


I am always on the lookout for ways to get healthier, especially now. That's why I am so glad I discovered Arm a colostrum arm. A colostrum has thousands of people reporting absolutely life-changing benefits. Tens of thousands of five star reviews and transformational stories. Armor up colostrum is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 living bioactive nutrients that can help strengthen the barriers of your body and help fuel cellular health For thousands of research backed health benefits, armor colostrum can help strengthen immunity and gut health, help improve fitness and metabolism, and enhance skin and hair radiance. We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try arma.com/ss or enter SS to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mr.com/ss. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. A these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. These statements and information are not a substitute for or alternative to seeking care for me, healthcare providers,


I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth in what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter, and the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CAA targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing.


And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments we'll see in the newsletter.


It's a new year, and there's no better time to start sleeping better With cozy Earth's bestselling bedding, it's soft, lightweight, temperature regulating, super comfortable and helping me sleep better than I have in years. You can feel the difference too. With cozy earth's bamboo sheet set. It gets softer with every wash. They're breathable for cooler sleep year round, and they're made of durable weave fabric that won't build cozy Earth prides itself on the responsible production of all their products. And better yet, cozy earth bedding products have a 100 night sleep trial in a 10 year warranty. So there's no reason not to try them. A better year starts with better sleep. Wrap yourself in cozy Earth, head to cozy earth.com/ss now, and use my exclusive code SS for up to 40% off. That's cozy earth.com/ss. If you get a post-purchase survey, say you heard about Cozy Earth from the Shawn Ryan Show podcast,


I also have to say that, that Congressman Tim Burchard out of Tennessee is the only one, the only one that has been on this since the beginning. There's been some more congressmen that have gotten involved with this. But even, even our two senators here in Tennessee, I personally spoke to one of them to get this push. 'cause it got, it got stopped at the Senate and it just fell on deaf ears. It fell on deaf ears. Our Congress here, or excuse me, not our Congress, our Senate here, our government is not taking this seriously. And, and these senators, these congressmen that aren't taking this seriously need to be held accountable.


And So I would, I would urge the audience to pay attention to what your congressmen and what your senators are doing. Because if they don't take this stuff seriously, as we saw on January 1st in New Orleans, people are going to die. They're going to die. And moving back, just rewind in just a minute, back to the terrorist, the follow on attacks and, and you were talking about, You know, you know, the, kind of the Second Amendment here in the US and how that could play a role in stopping attacks as they happen. Do you think that, or maybe do You know, not, do you think, do You know if these terrorist organizations, Al-Qaeda, al Isis, Taliban, Al-Shabaab, the, the, the, the Islamic Brotherhood is, I believe that's what they're going by now.


Do they take that into account in their, in their intelligence gathering? Do they look at this country does not, is its citizens are unable to defend itself. This state has very strict gun rights or no gun rights. They're not able to defend themselves. Don't go to Tennessee where, where everybody here carries a gun to defend themselves. Do they, are they aware of that and do they take that into account when they Yeah, yeah, abs absolutely. I mean, they, I I mean, it, it always impresses me how they, how they work. I mean, how they assess situation, how they have these great abilities of observation learning, and they see the struggle, what we are having, You know, they are just following the news.


It's, it's so simple. I mean, if you see a state where there is like always negative news about, for example, the police is a target, right? Because the population don't trust. You're talking about the states that have defunded the police. Yeah, yeah. It just examples, You know, so they are really watching us. They're in tune with us. Absolutely. And They take that into account. They know our politicians. So they, it, it's really interesting in the last two months, three months since President Trump got elected, the change, even how they communicate inside a group, What has changed That, I mean, they felt safe before, You know, freedom of movement, freedom of operation.


They've got the money. So now they kind of struggle to see what's going to happen. They had, You know, the Doha agreement, it was during the, the Trump presidency when it was signed. So now they don't know what's going to happen and that worries them. And, and it, it makes them, I think, less predictable. Interesting, interesting. You know, I, I had, I've thought a lot about this and, and not only with, with terrorist organizations, but also the Iranians, the Russians, the Chinese, I mean, in my opinion, it would've been not in their best interest to attack under the, under the, the Biden administration because the weakening of the country is just happening at such a rapid pace.


And, and I try to, I try to think like them. And so if I were them, I would've waited until that election happened to see who was gonna win, to see if the country would continue to weaken. And if it had continued to weaken under a Harris administration, which it would have with the open borders, with the immigration policies, with the, with basically just the negligence that we saw throughout, throughout the entire country and, and in the world, if I were them, I would not have attacked until, until a stronger president comes into power.


Because at that point, the weakening stops and it starts to strengthen. And so what I thought they would do is they would hit us at our weakest point, which they did on January 1st. Yeah. They were, they were very happy, you know, with the, with the administration because, You know, it, they were, I mean, Al-Qaeda was denied monies flowing. So it just better, You know, to keep a low profile, low profile, You know, just stay under the radar, You know, you do your business and that's fine. And Keep infiltrating. Yeah. And keep infiltrating. I mean, I mean, open border and, but I see that in Europe.


So it's, it's not just the problem of the United States in Europe. I mean, it's, it's when the refugees are coming, You know, we have a law and we are not sending people back. Sarah had mentioned that there is a, at least, at least 1000 terrorists that have infiltrated the United States. I'm surprised that it's not more, but it's, it sounds like that, You know, Sarah only reports facts and, and so, or, or gathers factual information. And so I'm curious as to your insight. Are there more than a thousand, are there more than, than a thousand confirmed terrorists that have set up Sleeper Cells within the United States?


Well, my numbers are, are quite the same. What I would add to this, it's, it's just, just that occurs and we haven't talked about facilitators. What do you mean by facilitators? Facilitators, for example, we have the war on Gaza, which obviously has a huge impact and not just on Muslim population. It's, if you see the protests, You know, what we had, I mean, it's going to be so easy to find facilitators who are going to take a, take care of, I don't know, one money transfer who is going to have attackers to get into a building, because I feel you, I'm with you, brother.


So they will find these facilitators at those protests. Oh yeah. Just, You know, like the ISIS claim that the New Orleans attacker was not an ISIS member, was just, just a sympathizer. So, and, and we see what happened. And Sean, it's a lot. Wow. And it, it's just growing every day. So these thousand, these thousand plus that, that are, that are confirmed to be within the United States borders, are they grouped together and pairs? Are they singletons all throughout the United States? Is there a thousand different locations that all these people are at?


And those are the facilitators, those are, those are recruiters, those are facilitators, those are planners on future attacks, or are they, are they grouping up in 10 different places in a hundred or they grouping up into 20 different places of 50? Or do You know, do you understand what I'm saying? Yeah, Yeah. I think, I mean, they are, this, we are talking about small cells. Okay. So it's, it's from operational point of view, it's really wise to keep them separated. You know, if one falls, You know, once cell gets discovered, you still have the other 10 or 15 safe. So I believe at, at least what I know, they are not communicating much between each other.


So the cells are staying separated from each other. It's how many cities and where we still don't know we are working on it. Do we have any confirmations of where they may be? We have some, some, but we, we, we couldn't confirm it yet. I mean, not yet. We are working on it. How Many have infiltrated Europe? I think it's more than a thousand. It's easier, You know, they come as refugees and I mean, they just simply get in, You know, so they walk through and I think countries have this very, I mean, the United States has its database, right?


Big part of it is coming from Afghanistan, You know, you had all the names, the backgrounds. Europe doesn't have this big database. If they are sharing between, I mean between Europe or, or the United States. I, I, I don't know that, but I know it was one guy who reached Greece in 2019 as a, as an refugee. And it, it was a case study. No one questioned why he ran away from Afghanistan in 2019 when we still had the government. But he was a refugee and it was taken by a European country.


And after a few months, he just grabbed a knife and killed two women. And the narrative was, I believe it's a narrative, is that he had mental problems. So, You know, it's this thinking, You know, 2019, why, why did he need to run away from Afghanistan? Why was Syria refugee, no one is asking, was taking there to the European country and killed two, two women. Why are they, why are they formulating these narratives? Why don't they just call it for what it is? Is it to, is it to try to contain mass hysteria or try to contain fear throughout the population?


Or is it they don't want to bring light on terrorist organizations or, or what, why are they coming up with these narratives? Yeah, that's an interesting question. I'm asking this almost every day that I think it's, it's sort of a protection also that, You know, it's leave the people in the delusion that they are safe. You know, you are safe, you're not questioning. But also, the other thing is, just think of it. If you just using this case study that if you have an Afghan coming and killed two women, you start to question what's going on in Afghanistan. Right? But when you start to question it, you get answers.


When you have answers, you have to do something. No one wants to do anything related to Afghanistan. No one. So it's to, it's to, it's, it's basically to save the move power move on. Yeah. They don't want to talk about it because they don't want to be removed or elected out or removed from power. Yeah. So they want everybody to know, Hey, it's safe. This is just a one-off, this is a spinoff. This is, this is nothing to be worried about. It's just a coincidence as this happened. They don't want the fear to come, or they don't want to, they don't want to reveal the truth of what's going on. Because if they did, they would show how incompetent they actually are in office.


And, and, and, yeah. And it, it's also, You know, having successful four years because, because it, it's what I can see, it's all about, I mean, related to Al Qaeda and Afghanistan. So it's what's going on in there. It's all about short term political agenda and not about long term solutions. So it's, you know, it's, it's something like this. This is what I can see, I mean, related to Afghanistan as a narrative move on, there is nothing to see here, move on. So everything related to Afghanistan is just buried. We saw that. We've seen that. I Saw. And, and, and dis mental issues.


That's the main narrative now in Europe. What is it? It Is, it is. The attacker had mental issues, mental problems. It's an ideology problem. Yeah. Well, well, you know, I'm, I'm really concerned. I know every time I cover this, more and more people get concerned. I'm actually extremely concerned that Sebastian Gorka took the director of counter-terrorism role here within the United States. The guy has zero background. I don't know why he was placed in that position. He doesn't know what he's doing. And hopefully somebody more competent takes that role.


Like Scott Mann or Sarah Adams. Speaking of Scott Manser Adams, this is another, I don't know if I'd call it a positive, but I just, I just want the audience to know that there are people out there that are, that are trying to reach local communities. I know you're a big part of this Scott man, retired Lieutenant Colonel Green Beret outta Special Forces Sarah Adams, former CIA intelligence analyst and Targeter, I know you're involved in this. You guys are coming out with a book called The Gathering Storm. And Scott Mann and Sarah have been flying around the country to anybody that will listen to what they're trying to, to, to, to what they're saying, to try to prepare the local communities as our politicians continue to fail.


In fact, they're coming here to my county to brief an entire panel at our sheriff's department. I talked to the sheriff, they're coming here. We're having, we're actually having a panel here coming up on, on everything that they've uncovered. And, and along with, with you what you've uncovered. 'cause I know they take everything that you have very seriously. And so, so that's what they're doing. But, but, and, and so sheriff's departments, police departments, lots of local governments, very small communities are, they're listening as our federal government, state government continue to, to, to fail us. And so can you, can you talk a little bit about what the gathering storm operation looks like and what exactly it is?


Yeah, sorry. Yeah. So we, there, there is part of the book where we put together actually what we know there is a part of it, for example, which is about Al-Qaeda, the changes it went through, how it's operating in and from Afghanistan, what are the other bases. And yeah, it's, I I think I, I want to highlight something because it's really important. I think it's pretty amazing in America here that you have people listening. I, I think it's, it's really, it really shows that people are taking this seriously. We don't have this in Europe.


You don't No, no. You, no, we don't. Even after what happened at the Christmas market, nobody's listening. No, no, no one. No. And there is nothing to see here. You need to move here. Yeah. So, and yeah, we are focusing on local communities, you know, and trying to share what we know, because I think, you know, it, it's, we always call it this critical information. If you have the intel, you can, you can be prepared, you can prepare the people, you can prepare the law enforcement, you can, you can prepare the first responders, right? And I think it's a huge advantage, and this is necessary to do that.


I struggled a little bit in the beginning, okay, we are, what we are creating, You know, a mass hysteria, people are going to panic. But, and, and I get this question, it's just what if you are wrong? And, and I always say, okay, let's turn the question, what if I'm right or what, what if we are right? And there will be no response. Well, I can answer that question right now. What if you're wrong? Well, what if you are wrong? Well then we're all better prepared for what, what might come. And you're right. What if you're right. Yeah. Which January 1st proved that you are Yeah, yeah. And, and, and just a little bit how we work that Sarah has her own line.


I have my own line, I have a partner, he has his own line. So we, we are using minimum fee independent networks. So we verify information. You've infiltrated all of these terrorist organizations, number one being Al-Qaeda, correct? Yeah. Yeah, I did. How did you do that? I think it's, I mean, when I, when Alqaeda said, and it was stated in 2016, it was Zahiri who said that Alqaeda wants to return to Afghanistan.


And Could you say that again? In 2016, Oz, he stated that Al-Qaeda wants to return to Afghanistan. It was in 2016 when he stated that. And it's an easy, You know, for them, they are one, You know, the ideology is the same. So it, it was an understandable choice, but we have allies there. So, and, and the, the interesting part when we talk about this, it's that the Afghans are not so happy about Al-Qaeda being there.


The Taliban is, but the Afghan population, I mean general, they are not, Yeah. It seems that the, the local Afghan populace is, is obviously very concerned. They made a lot of headway when we were there. And now that's completely demolished. And, and then, You know, another thing that Sarah told us is that Hanza bin Laden is still alive even after we reported that apparently he was dead. And so it's to my understanding that Hansa Bin Laden is marrying into all these different terrorist networks. He's married into the Taliban, Alba, Al-Qaeda, all these, all these terrorist networks to form the, the Islamic Brotherhood.


Yeah. And, and so now he's basically taken, would you call him competitors? Yeah, He's taken competitors. And he is united at 'em all with one common goal being Yeah. Being to take out the West. Oh, it's not just Hamza, actually, his brother are so married recently to a woman from the Haqqani network. So they are, yeah, they are, they are one. And, and actually, You know, they, they, they didn't even hide it because it was stated several times. Now they are not hiding. I mean, Hamza is wandering around in Afghanistan.


And even if you ask an average Afghan, okay, who is, You know, like educated know, knows who Hamza bin Laden is. And they are telling you, I mean, it was, I think two weeks ago, I, I texted to couple of people, I I I knew from, I know from the past. And, and when I ask, okay, so Hamza Bin Laden, no one said, no, no, he's dead. But I mean, to deny that he's alive, it's deliberate. It's not because they don't have the intel. They know they, he's alive. They do. Why are they hiding that? I believe so why did they try to hide that?


Because you, otherwise you have to do something. I mean, how could you explain, I mean, just imagine that you are, you are a political leader and someone is coming to you and saying that, Hey, Sean Hamza is alive. Yeah, I don't want to know that. Because when you take it, oh seriously, you have to do something because people have been ask Sean, why aren't you do something? Why is he still alive? Am I six reported him alive? Is that, am I correct? What other country's intelligence organizations are now reporting that, that revealing that he's alive? It's the British, they, they they do and they really don't understand.


I mean, I'm, I'm pretty sure you heard that it already appeared in the British news that Bin Laden is alive. So it was intentionally leaked to the British media, You know, kind of warning the people to trying to do something. The Australians know that he's alive. It was a little bit of confusion in the beginning because when Hamza appeared, Abdulah Bin Laden, you know, the brother, he was in Afghanistan and it was even in the UN report in 2021. So when Hamza appeared first, and I've got the information, I started to question, are you sure it's Hamza?


It's, yeah, yeah, it's Hamza. Are you sure it's not Abdulah bin Laden? And they said, no, no, no, it's Hamza Bin Laden. And then after two months I could find an NDS former NDS officer who said that, yeah, Hamza is alive Real quick. NDS is ba, NDS is basically, was basically the Afghanistan's version of MI six or, or CIA Yes. Was their intelligence. It's their intelligence organization. Yeah. So they reported after four or five, we, we tried to, You know, see that it was four or five months after that they reported to the us Ann Acts that Hamza is alive.


And according to sources, there was even a photo attached was taken in of Hanza. Wow. Wow. Do you think that we'll get more into Hanza here in a bit, but one thing too, I just wanna say that, that we, we spoke about the gathering storm. Look, this is the best of what we have right now. And, and it is, it's coming from a former intelligence, targeter yourself, former current Intel analyst, Scott Mann, retired Lieutenant Colonel Green Beret. We're gonna link that below.


This is, right now, this is pretty much the only way to prepare yourself, your community, get that to your local leaders. We'll link that below for everybody to take, take advantage of. It's not even out yet, but I, I am, I'm not sure when it releases, but it will be very soon. I spoke to Scott last night and he said he's, he's finished with it. But one more thing, do you, before we move into all the other stuff that we're gonna talk about, do you think that these, do you, you think these terrorist organizations will start to target specific individuals? Much like what we saw with Joe Kent's wife, who the former d the the DIA intelligence officer, a really good friend of mine, Scotty tz, was killed in that.


He was protecting her and they targeted them at a restaurant meet car bomb, blew him, killed him with a car bomb. And do you think that we'll start to see individuals within Europe, within the United States, Will there be individual targets or will in addition to mash casualty events? I think it's in the pack. You know, if you, I, I know that Iran has his own list, You know, who should be killed Also Al QA in 2023, December also mentioned three people. One is Elon Musk, the other one, I don't remember his name.


He is related to economics. So yeah, they have, they have a list to do that the, I think can be a twist in here that Alida and the Taliban, they have very good relationship with organized crime groups. Meaning cartels. Yeah, Cartels for example, sir Udin Haqqani has this amazing cooperation and relationship with the Albanian Mafia, which is controlling half of Europe. They have network, I mean almost global. So that makes it even more unpredictable.


I know that, I mean, on the election day when it was announced, president Trump won the election. Yeah. Al-Qaeda was not so happy. Why would they target a individual like Elon Musk? Is that for the press or do they have something personally against him In the video, what they released in 2023, it was more about his kind of a symbol, You know, of economy, his a symbol of power, infidel, you know, so that is nothing. I think they also, obviously they can use it as recruitment, but he was mentioned in that video And the economics, why would they go after somebody with economics?


Because it's power. You know, it's, that's why nine 11, the VTC, they were symbols, the towers, Do they have a history of this? I mean, I don't, I don't, in my time in service, I don't remember seeing a, a gross amount of information saying that individuals would be targeted. It was always locations like coast the station at Kabul, Kandahar, You know, the, the, the, the black base that was down there. I mean, what I've never, I don't, I can't say it never, but I don't recall seeing individual targets.


Is this a new thing? Yeah, it's kind of a new thing. Now they can see that there are people, you know, if they are taken out, it can be used as, as their own interest, you know, their own benefits. It's kind of a new thing. And I think it makes the most vulnerable. So it's, yeah, I'm, I'm working on this part because it's, it's interesting how they see, obviously they want to avenge Sule man's death, You know, who was killed during President Trump's administration. That was a big hit for them, and they want to avenge it.


And, but as you said in the past, for example, they, they didn't want to kill Obama at least. I mean, they were talking about it and there was a letter found in a bot about when they said, okay, don't, don't touch, don't touch him. Why? Because they saw that that would create a vacuum. And that's where they used that. And I, I'm really, I'm a political, but that's when they wrote that is Biden was, by that time, You know, the vice president and they said he's completely unprepared for the position. So killing Obama wouldn't make that benefit for Al-Qaeda.


So it was a longer play. They could, they could foresee that They always play on a long term end. And this is where we are losing. Wow. Why is, why does this all stem in Afghanistan? Why, why is this not stemming more in Yemen or Iran? Why, why is Afghanistan such a, a key country for for festering terrorism? Hmm, Alqaeda. I mean, they have this amazing strategists, okay, so even today, and they had this analysis where open jihad, You know, the open front jihad can be carried out.


Alqaeda made a list of their own limitations as well. So it's really like a military, what the capacity you have and what you can achieve. So it, it's really, it's brilliant. And one of them was Afghanistan, Yemen, Syria, Iraq, and North Africa. But they identified as can be suitable for open from Jihad. It's why, because the government is weak. Social services are weak, the ideology is not far, You know, the local population's ideology is not so far from Al-Qaeda, and this is where they can grow the seeds.


And, and, and, and they have, I mean Yemen is, is always been for them kind of soft targeting. Obviously it has a government which is kind of supported by the west. Afghanistan is, that's where everything has started. So they're, how are they communicating? How are they, how are the, it sounds like all of all the leadership, excuse me, all of the leadership is within the Afghanistan borders, correct? Yeah. And so now that it's a safe Asian for terrorism, how are they communicating with their, their leadership throughout Europe?


In, in the United States, Inside Afghanistan, the senior members, they are communicating with each other by couriers. So interestingly, they don't by couriers. Couriers, yeah. They don't trust. So they're not, they don't have a digital footprint. No, They don't. This is all couriers. Yes, Yes. So they, they still don't trust, You know, much with Europe, it's, they, they they are, they are using technology. So what I know is they are communicating encrypted messages.


So they use the digital communication. What kind of message? Like Signal Pro Kind of, and emails also, you know, you can create, you know, this temporary email addresses, You know, sending them after one hour, You know, it's deleted. So they use that. But yeah, within Afghanistan, they don't, I mean, we, we've got couple of phone numbers of them, but they are not using much. Wow. And so all of the, the thousand Plus that have infiltrated the United States, the thousand Plus that have in infiltrated Europe, none of these, none of these entities are communicating with each other within the borders.


It's all coming from central command, which would be stationed in Afghanistan. Yeah. Correct. I mean, I believe that, but as I'm saying, I mean, So it's very com it's very compartmentalized is what I'm saying. They don't know what each other's doing. That's the key. That's the key. Not knowing each other, you know, self falls. So the only way that it could get leaked is by two points. The, the single point within the United States and the single point within Afghanistan. Yeah, they couldn't, they couldn't. So basically for those that don't understand, what I'm saying by compartmentalization is if, let's say that the FBI raids a sleeper cell within the United States, that sleeper cell will not have any information.


No. When it comes to what the other 999 Sleeper Cells within, within the US borders or within Europe's borders is doing. It's all the, the only way to infiltrate it is at the head, which would be in Afghanistan. Yeah, exactly. And even within one cell, they don't even know each other's real name. So it, it's really, if you see that from the operation, from point of view, it's, it's genius. You know, one cell is not going to lead to another. Wow. It's not, and, and, and you have all these Taliban and Han network supporters here in the United States.


I mean, personally, I have some experiences with them and also they can pass messages. What, what is your experience with them? Very negative. I mean, okay. I didn't expect they will be positive that it, it, it's really all about trying to legitimize, You know, the Taliban government whitewashing the Taliban alla as well, changing basic information, you know, it start to argue about really facts, what you can even find open sources. They are very aggressive.


And this really had a peak during the election time. They really had this campaign of Biden Harris. I mean, they even created a hashtag for it. It was really interesting. And, and just, You know, false narrative. And, and, and you have a lot of lobbyists here in the United States. I mean, we are listing them and, and they are powerful. I mean, there are people listening to them. Who, who are these lobbyists? One of Them organizations? Are they individuals? Both.


I mean, individuals is like Za, You know, I dunno if you heard about him. He's one of them. I Haven't, who is that? He was from, he, he was member of the Dohan negotiations. He's an American citizen. He's from Afghanistan. And he had this key role, You know, passing more power to the Taliban during the negotiations. He's one of the powerful law based, and there are several former businessmen here. So yeah, they are powerful and they are listening to them. And what are these lobbyists doing?


It's obviously, You know, this, this small chatter, You know? Yeah. Did the Taliban doing this, the Taliban doing that? There is no Al Qaeda. And to me it's strange because when you read it in a UN report, it's obviously that person is lying, right? But they are just keep going with the narrative. Keep repeating. I mean, since the, I see that since the US presidential election, how the propaganda machine of the Taliban has changed, for example, toward the positive news, economic innovations, You know, new factories, life is wonderful in Afghanistan. Everything else is a lie.


And we predicted that. I mean, we, we made several posts about it. What kind of changes are going to happen or became true. Man, this stuff scares the hell outta me. Let's, let's take a quick break and when we come back, we'll pick right up.


One of the most important ways to stay healthy is cooking your own food. The best way to start the new year is with a home cooked meal in hex clad makes that easier than ever. Hex clad are hands down the best pans I've ever used. Hex clad makes cooking so much more convenient to get the performance of stainless steel and the convenience of non-stick in a single pan. They're easy to clean, dishwasher safe and simple to wipe off after use. They're even oven safe. Up to 500 degrees Fahrenheit. The patented hexagon design is durable and protects against scratches even from metal utensils. Plus HX GLAD products come with a lifetime warranty, they can literally last a lifetime. For a limited time only our listeners get 10% off your order with our exclusive link. Just head to hex clad.com/ss, support our show and check them out at HE xcl ad.com/ss and tell them we sent you Bon Appetit. Let's eat with Hex Clads revolutionary cookware.


While we may have won this election, the fight to restore a great nation has just begun. Now is the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile is leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile helps support the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life in our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their 100%. US-based customer service support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code SRS. Switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend your freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


All right, Jane, or back from the break here, and man, this is already like pretty alarming stuff, but I want to get into more about Al-Qaeda. So what are some of the leadership changes that you're seeing within that organization right now? Yeah, they, they are continuously changing, but there are significant changes. What, what we could observe, one of them is that they, they became more goal oriented and less rule oriented.


So that's why More goal orientated and less rule orientated. Yes. What does that mean? They focus so much on operations To carry out the attacks, to do their own business. So if you see Osama Bin Laden or Iman Hiri, You know, they were, they were also fighters, okay? Mainly Osama Laden, not Zahiri, but they were these kind of soft guys, You know, running around the Afghanistan with the AK 47 Zawahiri, you know, ese about this religious speeches. So he was more a preacher, excellent strategist of course.


But the new leadership is more mission focused and they are so fast. I mean they returned, Abdullah Bin Laden arrived 2021. Saal Del, who is the chief of the external operations of Al-Qaeda, returned in 2022 bin LA and returned in 2022 as well to Afghanistan, Saal Al and all Ham Hamdi, they are the two major guys in Aida's leadership. They run mainly everything and they are battle hardened fighters.


I mean, Sal Al himself is coming from the special operation forces. Are you sir? The, the, the the people that the US trained? No, he was in the Egyptian Special Forces. Okay. Okay. He was in Sudan, Yemen, Libya. He fought, you know, against the Soviet troops in Afghanistan. The guy is a genius and he's called, and he's just marching to execute the mission he's talking about. We know that from meetings, you know, what they had.


Of course he, he's devoted himself to, You know, his life is the Jihad, but it's a military guy. So then we talk about operation planning. It's a military guy. Do they have different tiers within the organization? Do they have like, like how US military set up? They have tier one organizations being Team six Delta. They have, they have conventional forces. The infantry, they have, is it broken up like that into tiered, tiered units? Not in Al-Qaeda.


Okay. Not, not in Al-Qaeda. It's what they, what they did is that they prepared and trained, You know, the fighters, the attackers in for Europe and to, for America to carry out the attacks. And, and very, very well planned operation. If you see, if you just see, You know, what we've been talking about. And what I can see from them is that they even told us it, just let me quote you. So Del from 2023 November, This is what he wrote, we are facing this major shift in the global jihadis path and facing a radical change in rules of fighting on the occasion of the opportunity of the century that may occur only once or twice in a lifetime.


We call on our Islamic peoples everywhere to fight this battle, which is the most important Islamic step. So they even are telling us they are changing. And if you see the previous attacks, you could see how the homeless attack was already more brutal, more, it was extremely organized. I, I talked to former colleagues from the US Special Forces and I asked them, what's your opinion? And they said, wow. They were extremely organized and synchronized.


What they did in Israel, the, the Homa says, and if you see it was, it was several raids at the same time. We're gonna start seeing that everywhere. Yeah. And, and you know, when, when, when I talk to other analysts, this is what I can see. It's, it's kind of, I don't know, it's a tendency now that no, that doesn't fit Al's profile, You know, oh, that doesn't fit Yl other, it doesn't fit it, you know, this old dogmas and if you see Al-Qaeda is a, okay, it's a terrorist organization, but it's part of nature.


So it learns, adopts and evolve. So why are we just denying that? It's just acting as part of nature. Have they ever been more effective than they are now? Well, I was really surprised the, the changes and the achievement, what they have reached during the last two years, and they are stronger than prior. Nine 11, they have more money, they are more organized, they are more trained. I mean, just to see the training, what the fighters have received and they, they are still receiving.


Okay. So they, they haven't stopped training fighters. That's scary. I mean, just to look at their equipment. Yeah, it's all our equipment. Yeah, It's all US equipment Mainly. Yeah, mainly I was going somewhere, I'm trying to, to regain my train of thought. The, the, the info that you're putting out, it's just is, it's hard to keep a thought. It's hard to keep a thought. Can you explain what the Islamic army is and who all is involved?


Yeah, it was 2023 November when it was right after the homeless attack, when I started to track movements of fighters. So the Taliban, Al Qaeda and the Iranians, they moved fighters to Syria, Iraq. And it was extremely organized. I mean they used airlines, so it's not even just cars, airlines. And then I started to see, what Do you mean they used airlines? I know that's on the outline. Yes. About the airlines. Right after the, the homo attack, the Taliban sent fighters to Iran, to IRGC, Irania Revolutionary Guard basis.


They took a plane there, they took planes there and Iran flew them to the Moscow. It was before the 19th of November, no, 19th of October. Because we just put the information to the system. Listen guys, massive fighters flow are going to Damascus and they are going by airplanes. And that's when Israel bombed the runaway of Damascus, You know, just to prevent the planes landing. And then they turned to ground transportation mainly, which was, You know, a little bit slower because it's not easy to move a lot of people.


But before that, that's what they did. Something that's on. Speaking of the airlines, and I'm switching gears here a little bit, a couple things I wanna talk about. The invisible bomb, the Sarah Adams has been discussing we've, we've talked about it several times. In fact, there's a really good discussion on it, on our ex spaces. I think that's what they call it. But I wanna talk about the invisible bomb. And I also wanna talk about, let's start here. Scott Mann obviously has a lot of sources and is really tied in with this stuff as well. I'm, I know, I don't wanna mention any names, who he's involved with.


I don't know if I should or not. I think it's okay. But, but I'll keep that quiet. But he's really tied in with some of the people that were in NDS as I mentioned before. NDS is the, the, was the Afghanistan's version of C-I-A-M-I six. It's an intelligence organization. And he got reports that they are Al-Qaeda, these terrorist organizations. The Islamic Army is predicting 50 to 60,000 casualties within the United States alone.


We talk about nine 11 was a $500,000 budget. Now we're sending 40 to $87 million. You know what, is there any, have you, through your, through your network, have you heard anything about 50 to 60,000 casualties? I mean, if you, if you see that it's going, I mean, they are talking about mass casualties. Okay. That was mentioned several times and it, it's really not about to show off. Okay. I mean, if you, if you see the nine 11 attack, it was all about, You know, the string symbols, and I'm, I'm really not about numbers.


I mean, 3000 people died. Now it's all about mass slaughter. And, and because that's going to paralyze the entire nation. And, and it's, it's not just about the casualties. Just imagine that services will be shut down and if we, What kind of services? I mean, power grid, those type of services. Water, and, I mean, just, We're talking police departments. Yeah. Emergency, I mean, hospitals will be overwhelmed, you know, taking care of casualties still. I'm not even talking about economic impacts. I mean, if it's happening just at the same time in several big American cities, You know, airlines, they will be stopped for sure.


You know, standard operation procedure. So the economic impact of this and, and the chaos, what it's bringing with it and, and who, who you are going to trust after it. Just so it's so wide, the impact. And they are aware of it. That's why they planned it. And that's why the homeless attack was an amazing rehearsal, because they could see that, You know, step by step, line by line. What are the outcomes of an attack like this? Let's dive in a little more specifically.


Let's talk about the economic impact. What, how would that affect the economy? Well, if you see the nine 11, I mean, the stock market was shut down I think also for a week. I'm not sure about the time, but that can be predicted just to see how the goods are flowing. You know, just really, I'm talking about the local level. I think it's more, it's an, it's easier to explain, just filling up, you know, the goods of the supermarkets. You know, we talk about one week, two weeks bill, it happened. You don't know, could you catch all of the shooters?


Because we don't even know the number of the people in the sar. So it's this massive manhunt banks, You know, obviously they will be closed. So the economic impact of this is also why I wouldn't minimize it. So it, it has impact on every part of our lives. Man. I didn't even think about that. I did not even think about that. So the hospitals, we, we overflowed the first responders being the police, that will be completely taxed.


There won't be enough of 'em to go around. We already talked about proper allegation of resources, which would be extremely hard to do. Yeah. Just, I imagine that there is a woman and it's time to delivery and the hospital is just this dealing, I dunno, 100 casualties there, You know. So it's, Let's talk about the, the invisible bomb. Are you familiar with this? Yeah. So it was, I I don't think too many people paid attention. It was a video released in 2023.


I was lucky because I saw the video. So it, I think it took for the authorities 30 minutes to remove from the, from the internet. But there was one website where you could watch the video, I think for a couple of days. And yeah, the airlines are still in the plan, You know, to attack. And the invisible bomb, the interesting, it's a homemade explosives. So they, they guide you step by step how to make your own bomb home. And the most interesting part was they made, because it's even, they even talk about it in the video, that they need this research where you can buy what, for example, what ingredients you cannot buy in the United States, or it's tricky to buy because maybe the law enforcement, You know, is keeping an eye on the, the, the sales.


So it, it's really detailed how to make it step by step. Of course you need patience and it, it's not so easy as it sounds, but you can make it and it's a powerful bomb. The trick, what they made about it is that when you prepare the bomb, you need to remove the smell, You know, of the explosive. And then after you cover it with silicone. And that's why, and, and it doesn't have metal parts. So it's chemically induced explosion. So metal detectors are useless.


Dogs. Dogs, no, because the silicon itself is just sealing the smell. So the only way is that, and even they detect, they show it in the, in the video. The only way to detect this bomb is that the body scanner, the only way, Okay, so they go through metal detectors. Yeah, it, it, it, a dog can't sniff it. It could, so this could easily get onto airlines pretty much anywhere that doesn't have the body scan machine, which most, I don't know how many airports have that now, but I, I think it's pretty safe to say that the, We even tell in the video that not too many airports have it.


I mean, Sirius is so detailed. I mean, they did the Iraqi at the airports and, and they are, they are telling it that it's, yeah, they check the airports, not so many. We are talking about bigs like, I dunno, I think in, in New York, JFK, they have it, they use it, but smaller airports, they don't Even, some even some large airports don't. Yeah, they don't. Yeah. And, and it, even in the video, so the video, it's about to make an a homemade explosive, like a half a kilo, which is powerful.


They even demonstrated. So you can see it. And just two less than 200 grams. Oh, sorry, it's a European language. Grams. It's enough to make an explosion in an airplane, which is going to be catastrophic. I mean, even, even airplanes, I mean, that would be devastating. But, You know, we're, we're just talking airports. What about, what about major arenas, stadiums, concerts, football games, baseball games. Yeah, hockey games, speaking events, hospitals, schools. Yeah, I mean, the list goes on. Nobody has this type of technology except, except the major hub airports within the United States, which even some major hubs haven't even implemented this type of technology with the body scan yet.


Yeah. And there are some airports, You know, when they do body search, but of course they don't touch, for example, your intimate parts, you can hide it there. How big is this? I mean, it, it, it showed like, it's, it's approximately, I dunno, like 20 centimeters and it can contain half a kilo, which is really powerful. And is It about, I mean, how thin is it? I mean, it, it, it was, it's, it's like they even make the bomb, it's like a, a mineral water bottle, You know? And actually they use a mineral water bottle to make it. Okay. Okay. So it's like a half a liter bottle. You can make it, What kind of devastation are we talking about?


It was, it was shown on bricks, You know, they put together and yeah, it's powerful. Could it, I mean, could it, would it, could it take a building out? No. That that's not, but for example, if you just go there next to gas lines, You know, so the, the bomb itself, if you use one, yeah, probably it's going to kill people around you, but it's not, we are not talking about huge vicinity of that. But if you have couple of ones and couple of people, yeah.


Okay. So it wouldn't be, it wouldn't be like A-V-B-I-D No, no, no, because it's big, You know, so you cannot, you can't hide it. It wouldn't be, it wouldn't be as devastating as the typical suicide bomber that wears a vest. No, it Be a somewhat of a, I don't wanna say minimal explosion, but compared to what we've seen overseas with, with a vest full of explosives or a car full of explosives, it wouldn't, it Would we find a solution for that? So what they did is that, I dunno if you remember, in Afghanistan, they put even screws, You know, in the west, You know, fragmentation.


Yeah, exactly. So what they did now is that shredded, they shred plastic. It's like, You know, with a knife, you cut this heart plastic and it's sharp.


You sign up for something, forget about it. After the trial ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused every month. Thanks to Rocket Money, I can see all my subscriptions in one place and cancel the ones I'm not using anymore. And now I'm saving more money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps you lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money's dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts and keeps you informed with alerts. If bills increase in price, there's unusual spending activity, or if you're close to going over budget, Rocket Money will even automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save and lower your bills. Then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with customer service so you don't have to. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash ss today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash ss Rocket Money dot com slash ss.


If you're like me, health and wellness is extremely important to you, but how do you know who to trust when it comes to the supplement industry? We have all these companies, they pop up every other day. They're all selling snake oil. How do you know who to trust? Well, here's the most important question. Who wants to take the biggest, most massive shit of your entire life? Bubs is a company I've used and trusted for a long time. They make great products, have rigorous quality standards, and they are a long time supporter of this show. And they have the recipe for the biggest shit of your entire life. I love their collagen peptides. This isn't just any collagen, it is a benchmark of trust and performance. It's crafted with integrity and backed by NSF for sports certification, giving you their assurance of its purity and potency. Bubs collagen peptides help support your joints, help enhance recovery, and help revitalize your hair and skin. And yes, it will help you stay Regular Bubs was found in an honor of Navy SEAL, Glen Bub Doherty and every product supports veterans with 10% of all profits going to help military men and women transition back into civilian life. And now for the recipe for the biggest and best shit of your entire life, bubs, collagen, peptides mixed with bubs, apple cider vinegar, gummies, and you have a recipe for success every day. Bubs, collagen peptides, bubs, apple cider vinegar, gummies,


And it's causing so similar injuries because they tested it. So the entire, so even the fragmentation is nondetectable? Exactly. No, it's not metal. Could it be used to initiate something larger? You know, a lot of explosives, you need an initiation to to detonate the actual, the the, the bigger explosive. Could this be used to? Could they daisy chain it? Yeah. You know what I mean by daisy chain? Yes. Yeah. Could it be connected to others? Yeah, exactly. They can do that. So they are, they are so smart, You know, they see the equipment, what you have, and they patiently take their time. How can I encounter it?


How, where is that gap? What I can use Is anyone listening to this stuff? I think to listen Sean first. So when we are listening to people first we need to acknowledge that we don't know everything. Right? Also, we have to have openness, You know, curiosity. Okay, what do you have to tell, isn't it right? But most of the times when I talk about these things, I mean, very often I meet people that, ah, no, okay, no, they are gone. They are stupid. You know, this is just guys running around with AK 47 and just, we really need to see how they are right now and where they are.


And you have to be humble to do that, to acknowledge that I don't know everything. So I, during these three and a half years, I made these amazing connections with analysts from, for example, from Switzerland, Australia, but even Pakistan, You know, everyone is saying, oh, because of the narratives, I listen to everyone because I don't know when I can learn or getting a new information. And I don't see that we are having that from our leaders that, okay, sit down, tell me what do You know?


It's this, I'm sorry, I I I was actually looking for it, the proper English, where there's this arrogance, you know, and I can see that on analysts too, in the last, I mean, just my last year talking to them. No, no, it's not. How do You know that? Or show me evidences, but I'm not going to post on Twitter or sorry, X I'm not going to post it. So it just theoretically, you know, let's sit down, talk. No, no, no, it's not like that. Actually, I found what can be behind, you know, is that what, So I or my partner, we are going through with this going against the narrative.


The what? Going against the narrative, You know, going Against the narrative. Yeah, exactly. That okay. Is gone. No, it's not gone. And just sit down one hour and I can prove it to you. How do you prove it to 'em? Obviously the sources would prove a lot. This is where I struggle personally, because I, I even thought that if, if the new administration is going to sit down and talk, I really need guarantee from them that they are going to protect the sources.


Yes. I read, I read in your outline that 22 of your Yeah. Your assets have been, have been murdered. Yes. Yeah. It's from my side and my partner who can't be here because of his line of duty, he, he, he couldn't come and 22 gave his life and everything points to there. They were burned by three letter agencies. Are you serious? Yeah. They were burned by three by American three letter agencies. Yes. I mean, they were the only ones.


I mean, You know, when you provide information to a government, you obviously you have to name your source the position. They have to see that if the source is credible and somehow, I mean, 22, that's a little bit high number to be coincident. Yeah, I'd say Do You know how the, the agencies are burning the assets? I mean they are cooperating, You know, with the Taliban and, but I would correct it. This is not a correct sentence. They are cooperating with Jihadists. Okay. It's not just the Taliban, they're not talking about just the Taliban. They are cooperating with Jihadists in Syria.


We are, I dunno, consciously or subconsciously we are cooperating also with Jihadist or a Muslim brotherhood in Libya. So, but just back to the Taliban. Yeah. We are receiving intelligence from them. They are our partner. And I wouldn't even call them partner Sean. They are our proxies. Geez. Geez. Yeah, man. It's just gotten so bad. It's gotten so bad. So we talked about simultaneous attacks. Do you think that, is there any intelligence that's saying that, that all of these different Sleeper Cells will attack at the same time or will be a couple here, couple there and just sprinkled throughout years?


Or will it be all at once? Mm, It's difficult to tell, you know, because the plan itself, it's flexible, so they always can change. So they'll do it on the fly. Yeah. It's like you, you initiate one, two and then you say that, okay, it's not working so much out. Okay, let's, let's abort. Okay. Okay. So that's why it's difficult to, to predict. And here it comes our limitation because of who meant, You know, who obviously has its own limitations For the audience. Human is human intelligence. Yes. Meaning it's coming direct from humans. Yeah. So, and, and we have our limitations, but we are working on it as much as we began to, to get out and, and just to pass it, You know, think to Someone who can do something.


I Think one of the most alarming things that you've mentioned is that there is no, there will be no SNT intelligence it sounds like, because of the couriers. And so, You know, when, when I was in, when we were working over there, a lot of it was intercepting cell phones, the communication devices. We were able to, to intercept those text threads, those conversations, those emails. And now that they're using couriers, it's only down to humid it sounds like. Oh. So, and, and, and also just as a plus, You know, China is helping the Taliban to protect this communication. So even if they are doing communication on the, on the cell phone, it's, it's protected by Chinese technicians.


So China is behind Is is, is it's kind Of a assisting, You know, it's a symbiotic relationship. You know, they have a long term plan there, you know, in, in, in Afghanistan, I mean all the mining contracts, You know, we are talking about years. So it's kind of, yeah, I'm having some income here. So I'm, I'm helping you. And in this, just back to this cooperation, I didn't know the first time when I heard, I didn't know I should lie or cry, but when the Taliban meets the US officials, including the three letter agencies right after the meeting, the Taliban actually is briefing China, what was discussed during the meeting with US officials, How much, how much of the Islamic Army's funding is coming from the minerals that we, well, I guess we didn't give up that China took control of, I mean I know there's been negotiations between China and Taliban over the lithium mines.


Afghanistan's very rich at lithium. We obviously, we, we just left it to them when we, when we withdrew from Afghanistan. How much income are the terrorist organizations receiving from China to build these lithium mines? The, the, the Al-Qaeda doesn't receive it directly, so they get it via the Taliban. Okay. Right. You know, as a, as an income. So they have their own revenue. What I know that is, is money coming from goldmines gem mines drug trafficking, You know, Al-Qaeda has a revenue.


I would say that until, I mean, what I could track it was annually around $500 million, $500 million Goes directly to Al-Qaeda. So less than what the US is funding. Just in cash. Yeah, Exactly. And you know, I, I did, I don't get the point. I mean, how do you expect them to take your side when you pay less? And, and, and I think basically the approach is wrong. I had last, no, in 2023, I had a discussion with the Taliban. He is, I mean on the ranking is like up.


And he just told me that you people are so arrogant and you can believe that we, if you pay, we are going to whatever you want. And You know, so, so correct. How does Russia fall into this? I mean, we're obviously not friendly with Russia as the Russia Ukraine conflict continues, however, we did see, was it Isis K that did the attack on the Russian mall? And so are the Russians, how do I say this? Are the Russians, well we know China, this, this, we know that China obviously benefits from what the terrorist organizations plan on doing to Europe and the west being the us.


Does Canada fall into this at all? Yep. What about South America and Central America? They are not much. No. So what is, what is Russia's stance on this? Are they taking precautions? I mean, they took a big hit. It was bigger than, than Is it a, a big hit to have a attack in a mall? I mean, just because, you know, it's, it's, it's the first thing which came up in my mind when I saw, You know, the social media after the, the attack, you know, in, in, in Russia it was like this band lagoon, You know, I escape event global, they are deadly. They are this and that.


And just come on man. Look at the scale of the attack. It was like the guy almost like in New Orleans. No. So if you see the casualties, Well, there was multiple shooters there, wasn't there? Yes. And the Kathy Ray was a lot of, Yeah, it was higher. A lot more. Yeah. Russia currently is helping the Taliban to rebuild the, the, the weapon system in Afghanistan. I mean there are Russian soldiers, resident civilian, but they are soldiers technicians helping the Taliban to repair tanks, aircraft, You know, which are coming from the, the, the Russian time.


It's beneficial for them because obviously they get paid for it. Right. So as a Wagner group, I, I actually, I don't know their nature. I know they are there. I know they are in Kabul. There are a couple of ones also in the north. I don't know where actually they belong, but they are Russian. So they've, they've potentially made amends. Yeah. And You know, they are helping to, to fix tanks, airplanes, helicopters. So it's also another symbiotic real relationship. I mean, they tortured those guys, they tortured those guys that, that that shot those people at the mall.


Yeah. Yeah. But it's one attack. One attack. And, and, and, and this is where it gets interesting. If I see, I mean when you see ISKP or the Islamic State in Afghanistan, it's, it's interesting how it developed. So in 2023, somehow, actually I couldn't track it, how OT ov, You know, he was the number two in the Islamic state appeared in Afghanistan in a prison in MOUs province.


We couldn't, I mean we couldn't track it how he ended up there. But he was there and then he was transported in 2024, was transported to the north and started to set up training centers. Not, don't don't think, I mean big training basis. They were small centers dealing like, I don't know, 20, 30 people. And these fighters were coming from central Asian countries coming through the border. I mean by the help of the Taliban and the, and the GBI, You know, the Taliban intelligence, GU OVS key role there is that training these foreign fighters send it to central Asian countries or even to Russia, You know, just to destabilize Russia, call KA wiler.


OV has a very close connection with Ani. So when we started to talk about, You know, also Surah, you know, here talked about, You know, Wiler at OV and the training centers. So they removed all this to the, the other side of the Afghan border. So this, you know, these tribal areas in Pakistan, because they started to talk about it. And obviously on the north, Afghans in the north of Afghanistan, they talk a lot, You know, because these people are, You know, they don't belong to there. The, and this was reported Sean, there was a report about this.


Wow. And, and the 2023, the Taliban GDI director, Abdul Haik, I dunno if you heard about it. He's a former Gitmo Giee, actually he went by private jet to Italy and participated in intelligence conference. I don't know what was on the conference, honestly. You know, I always confess if I don't know something, So I don't make it up. But suddenly they started to arrest Taji nationals, you know, ISIS related nationals in Europe.


So I guess they put him on working, you know, he was kind of tipping off, You know, the European agencies. But I have one question to the European agencies. I know how many people are passing every month from central Asian countries to Afghanistan, how many they are arresting in Europe. Do these two numbers are matching each other? What are they? I don't think so. I mean, there are a couple of arrests. I mean, if Ani is smart, what they would do.


I train more, I tip off, You know, couple of useful idiots so they can see me as a potential counter-terrorist partner and the rest, You know, just let them working. So another diversion. Exactly. And I know it's almost every month between 60 and 80 foreign fighters are entering Afghanistan. So, and, and it was interesting because I was thinking why, why they put this guy, You know, wasik to, to this conference and last week I found the actually that he, even in the past, he offered his help to the American government, You know, to capture the Taliban intelligence chief.


So I think they just returned to this information, You know, okay, this guy offered once, so now he will be useful. I can tell you he's not useful because I'm pretty sure he's not tipping off every single incoming fighters. How are these guys convoluting with the cartels? You kind of mentioned that earlier, that they, they had close ties within Mexican cartels. Yeah, it's, it's all about money. You know, it's, it's business for everyone. I mean, ar Qaida and the Taliban, but mainly ar Qaida had relationship with them in the past too.


They used disorganized crime groups to, for example, get nuclear material. So that's what they are using. Now I know that they are cooperating with Russian organized crime groups and they are helping to get some stuff in, You know, crossing our borders, including the United States border. How long have they been com convoluted with cartels? I mean it's what I, I mean the problem here is that what I have access to, I'm, I, I have capacity just to track specific things.


So I I I, the time, I, I don't know, but I know there are materials. For example, the Albanian Mafia is taking cash into Europe sent by Udin Haqqani, and I mean money bags is the Albanian mafia there, for example here, I know that it's the, the cartel. It's, yeah, it's probably about weapon and other things. Why? Because they are here, You know, the local guys Yeah. They know the flow. Yeah, they're good at it. They're good at it.


What, what are, what would Al-Qaeda, what is their long-term plan? What is their short-term plan on top of that? Is it the same long-term short-term plan for not just Al-Qaeda, but for Isis, for Al-Shabaab, for Taliban? Is it, is it for it all one plan? I can, I mean, kind of, sort of what Aqa is doing now, and, and we have to ask to look into what they are doing on a, on, on one specific spot, AQA short term plan. Now, is that a short and middle term?


Is that trying to support local jihadist groups to form a government to take over a country, To take over an entire country? Yeah, Exactly. It's, it's like what the Taliban did. They just did it in Afghanistan. They did it in, now they did it in Syria. So it's, it's what, what people don't understand about Syria, that it's, and it's a really trick what our governments and the media is doing that, I dunno if you follow the news, what happened in Syria. So the guy changed his suit, You know, he's in suit ties.


He's using his name, real name, not the, and he's meeting our politicians. So he's changed. And that's what every analysts are saying now who have government contracts. He's changed because he's saying that, that, I can tell you that those fighters were trained in Afghanistan and all uliss, because I use his fighter name, I'm not using his, his civilian name. He sent people to those meetings with Al-Qaeda and he cooperated.


Do you have any idea what country they plan on conquering taking over? It's, it's not just physical. Okay. Imagine that. It's interesting to see, for example, Libya, the Libian government is pegged by Al-Qaeda and the Muslim Brotherhood, and we are dealing with them soon, Sean. We are going to buy oil from them.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. What do you want your 2025 story to be? Every January brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled in 2025. Maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's part of your story you've been wanting to revise. Life isn't about resolutions that fade by February. It's about becoming the author of your own life. Think of therapy as a partner, helping you write new chapters and create the meaningful story you deserve to live Therapy is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. And it isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's helpful for everyone. Better Help is fully online making therapy more affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easily switch therapists at any time at no extra cost. Write your story with Better Help. Visit better help.com/ss to get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com/ss.


What about Yemen? Yemen? Yeah, the Houthis, I mean, in 2022, I already told that under other reports. Okay, so I'm not painting myself as a genius, it's just, I'm also reading a lot. So these, You know, institutions reports, for example, there is amazing institution called ANA Center. They are reporting about Yemen also. They mention that it seems like Alqaeda and the Arabia Peninsula, You know, a cup, one of the affiliate of Alqaeda Alqaeda, Bain Yemen is showing some interest to cooperate with the ties.


And everyone, no, no ties are Shia Sunni. They hate each other. Again, old dogma. Well, they're working together and it, it was publicly released last year. So we need to overcome this, this barrier, this old dogmas to see that like, You know, like you see, it's a new organization. Let's discover it. Somalia, Somalia is struggling. You know, that they, Ash Shaab can't win. You know, they, they are just, I mean they're fighting with the government.


Obviously. It came up, oh, we should negotiate with Ash Shaab because all these terrorist organizations or these jihadist groups, what they do, they realize that Taliban communicated highlighting local interest and we buy it. So when we negotiate with Asha in Somalia, oh, Shaba is busy just with local agendas. Yeah, but that's not true. How much influence do they have within more well-to-do countries without throughout the Middle East and East Africa?


Do they have, do they have influence in Saudi Arabia? Do they have influence in Oman? Do they have influence in United Arab Emirates? Mm. Countries that, that are, are, are wealthy countries? Well, they use the Muslim Brotherhood, You know, which kind of, I mean Al-Qaeda, the Islamic state, You know, they are rooted to the Muslim Brotherhood. And the Muslim Brotherhood loves to portray itself as a nonviolent group. However, they are the political wing of this Islamic army.


Why I am saying it, it's because the Muslim brotherhood is banned in Arab Arab countries. For example, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, they are banned. And what the Muslim Brotherhood have, has tried to do again during the horse attack is fueling internal tensions. You know, telling to the mu these Muslim reader leaders or Impas, they are serving just the West. They are not protecting other Muslims. They are supporting Israel, You know, on the war on Gaza.


What these countries do is that they break it down very hard. I mean, if they hear a speech from a radical imam in a mosque, the guy will be arrested on the next day. You know, they just don't give any gap for these radicals to, to plant a seed. So they don't have much control in those countries, is what you're saying? I mean, they have some, I think the weak link, what we could witness during the, I mean after the, what I saw the weak link was Jordan.


Jordan is a country, you know, depends on also aid. And they had a very strong Muslim brotherhood inside work. I mean, they were preachers, You know, in the mosque asking the people to break in to, to Israel killed Americans. They struggled, but somehow they were able to control it. But I know that during the, the, I mean from the meetings during the, I mean, right after the homeless attack, al QA Central had weekly meeting with the Muslim Brotherhood in Jordan to discuss how to cause more issues within the society fueling, You know, tensions, asking the people for protest to weaken King Abdullah Weekly.


Weekly. I mean, they had this amazing, I mean, amazing meetings every week coordinating pe, military commanders in Iraq, Syria, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt. They, they did it every single week. What about, what about Western Asia or actually any Asian countries, do they have influence? Their just, I'm trying to get a overall picture of how much influence they have throughout the world. Oh, so South America, central America, we know they're in what the cartels would let, let's go to Asia.


It's global. It's global. It's just directly what I can see, and You know, this is why I often call Afghanistan as the fountain head of Global Jihad, because it's not just the Taliban, it's, it's all qda together. So what I could see that they are providing physical support. I'm talking about weapon, ammunition, financial support, money to 19 countries. Can you name them? Yes. So you, we have here Afghanistan, Southeast is going to Pakistan, Jammu and Kashmir.


We have Bangladesh, Myanmar, Indonesia, and Malaysia. We have the whole Middle East. Then we have Yemen, Somalia, Libya, Morocco, Jordan. And, and the Sahel itself, You know, bur Somali, that's what they do. And they have facilitators in every embassies. And this is the long-term plan. The long-term plan is, is to establish the caliphate. So the, the taking over countries is a short-term plan. Yeah. It's taking more and more, You know, it's kind of, it's physical. Imagine this plan, it has two, two ways.


You have one physical, You know, just trying to put more and more countries where these Islamists are ruling. That's what you can see, for example, in the Sahel. And then you establish governments, which are begged by these terrorist groups. And the long term, the long-term plan is to have this Islamic cate ru ruled by Sharia law. The short term plan is getting more and more countries so expanding, you know, expanding your influence, expanding your power, expanding your networks. This is what they are doing now.


So when people are telling me that Al-Qaida is recovering in Afghanistan, they are reorganizing stuff. It, it's wrong. Al-Qaida is full operational. Actually they jumped another level then now we are talking about massive innovations. What they are doing. They have so many scientists shown, Let's move into the caliphate. Can you explain what that is? Yeah, it's basically sha ru would system what we, exactly what we are seeing in Afghanistan. And it's just not having any Western influence on it.


So it's, it's actually the long term goal is quite simple. Where they do all these tricks is the short and middle term, like making the people believe that if someone is changing the clothes and start to use the real name, that guy is our friend. And this is when we are not paying attention. Break it down a little bit more basic with the caliphate. Okay? What is it Ate? Is that this, it's a system. I would say it's a government system, which is running a country. And you don't, you have, I don't know, I mean should I, should I explain this story low?


You know, it's, Yes. Okay. Basically it's defined by the religion itself. It has its own judicial system, its own educational system. For example, they don't have so many subject to teach, which is related to science. So it's basically, it's always about the, the religion. Honestly, the caliphate is not my strength. That's more about other members of the team. But yeah, that's the, that's the, that's the plan. I, I think that's, So it's basically a global, a global type government that falls under Sharia law. Yeah, yeah, exactly.


That's What they want. That's the long term plan. That's the long term plan. And, and I think this is the key where their strength is that we, we don't plan on a long term. Our leaders are planning for four years. They have this plan and You know, it, it, you cannot even put a timeline on it because if it, it's Jesse Perry wrote, you know, he just released the book and I love the title. If it takes a thousand years, year doesn't matter. Keep going. Like China. Like China, exactly. So they are learning In their, in their eyes, what, what does, what constitutes a takeover of a country.


That's A good, when, where do they find what, what is successful in their minds when it comes to taking over an entire country? When you start to talk to them and negotiate with them? That's already a good point. It's already a good point. I mean, just to see that, we know that couple of people in the Central Libyan Bank, they are all quite a members and they are controlling, I mean, millions of dollars. We are negotiating with them. I, I mean we are having trade with them. It's not necessarily planting a flag.


Yeah, no, it's not. It's influence. It's how much influence they have over The government. And they have a massive influence in Europe. It's crazy to see that. How, I mean it has a history like after 2001, you know, the nine 11 attacks, obviously societies developed, you know, this anti-Muslim attitude. So for example, in Europe we used NGOs, You know, to kind of calm down, You know, this kind of attitude because obviously it's not about religion. I mean, we can't say that every Muslim, You know, they are terrorists.


It's not true. We know that it's not to do actually with the religion itself. And these NGOs just got so powerful in, in, in, especially in Europe that they are influencing governments. For example, in Switzerland, Switzerland. Switzerland seems so natural. Actually is the center of terrorism in Europe. Are you serious? We, I, I work with, I mean I work with several analysts and I have several partners, you know, obviously, You know, I cannot reach out to every countries.


But we have Swiss partners and they are telling us that what's going on in Switzerland, terrorist recruitment, financing, terrorists. And actually there are terrorists who proved to belong to Al Qaeda and they are Swiss nationals. And the, and the government is not deporting. There was, I think recently, two or three months ago that they could suspect the guy belonged to Alqaeda and they couldn't deport him because of the law. 'cause of the what? Law? Because of the law. You know, he, he has a second citizenship or got the refugee status and you can't deport.


But you had brought up scientists and innovation. Yeah, just a few minutes ago. What kind of, what kind of innovations are they doing right now other than this invisible bomb? So I think that's, that's kind of shows that, You know, the operational part is running right, because you, it's just running by yourself. It's set up, it's working. So what they did is that they have scientists, they're what, You know, they have microbiologists who are working in biological labs, developing weapon of mis destruction. They are working on it. Even the un reported that they have weapons engineers Weapon what?


Weapon engineers. Weapon engineers, yes. To build new weapon, for example. We know that they're working on drones. So, so we're, we're potentially facing biological warfare as well. It's on the platter. Yes. What kind of biological weapons? We exactly don't know. Not yet. Viruses. They are working on modifying agents to make it more little. And there is an alloid, a microbiologist, and he was detained.


His name is Yazi Suat. He's a Malaysian actually he's a former military. He studied another United States and he was detained until 2019. Then his close monitoring ended in 2021, 2022. He was already working in Afghanistan in a lab. Were they testing these? They already tested Where In Afghanistan. What was the outcome? It's working. It's working.


What else are they innovating? These are the two, but we actually know until now, Drones and biological warfare. Yes, yes. And the invisible bomb, which is already Yeah, that's, that's already done. You know, and the, the invisible vests. So they are just doing their job and, and, and I think the crazy part is that they do what this without intelligence interference for intelligence interference. Let's talk about a little bit about the role of Turkey. Mm, yeah.


So Turkey is, I mean it's been on the news obviously because of Syria and Turkey always hosted and shattered the Muslim Brotherhood. And since, You know, they are kind of neighbors, they had very good relationship with, with jihadist groups in Syria. I am not so sure Turkey's goal yet. I'm trying to see if they are helping to spread the sentiment of Islam jihad or they are just exploiting these terrorist groups and it's kind of expanding, you know, their, their interest, You know, their power.


I still need to see this because Yeah, but my capacity is really, really limited on this field. And let's see what's going to, but I, I, I need to see before I claim something, I suspect that it's a symbiotic relationship that we are working together. I mean, if you see turkeys in Somalia now, they have got huge influence on, on Syria. So Qatar, Qatar, Qatar is a difficult case because several things happened.


I just saw after the homo attack that there was an Islamic scholar group which visited Afghanistan. It was in 2023 February. And they met Udin Haqqani and they gave him a gift, which was a replica of the all al mosque. And you know how they call it the HOAs attack, all oxa flawed. So that was interesting. I dunno what happened on the meeting, but I found it interesting. And this Islamic scholar group is funded by Qatar Plus we have information that until now, like I I, I don't want to say exact number, but more than 10 times plans landed in Kabul delivering M four rifles to the Taliban, which is a violation of the embargo.


Wow. These guys' network is a lot bigger than I thought. And, and plus we had this, I don't know if you heard about it, we had this Qatar gate that how Qatar is kind of buying influence in Europe. So there were several European politicians, You know, they got caught because they received money from Qatar. So they are massively influencing decision makers and policy makers in, in, in Europe. And there were a couple of European politicians spoke up, You know, saying that, come on people, we need to stop Qatar.


We are doing what Qatar is saying. And then they got labeled, oh you are, you are far right, you are Islamophobic, you, you hate refugees. So they were completely discarded. But in Europe we have a massive influence of Qatar and we are not doing anything. It's just going by the flow. GDI. Yeah. Can you explain what GDI is? Yeah, so it's a Taliban secret service, obviously the intelligence service of the, of the Taliban. So the GDI is the Taliban's version of ccia A yes.


And I said Yes. Yeah, It's an intelligence organization. Yeah, the Taliban, Yeah. It's ran by Abdul Haik, you know, the former GI Gitmo Deta guy, which is, I think he's kind of playing his role in the system. The most interesting person in the GDI is Mir Java. He's the deputy and he has a very important role in Al-Qaeda. He's representing the Hakai network in Al-Qaeda. When it comes about decisions or something coming from the Hakai network, it's him who is representing Sir Haqqani.


It was couple of months ago when Alqaeda wanted to send suicide bombers to the West Bank and it was Java who used his and said, no, I don't think, I think we should wait. So he has a very good position. Otherwise what the GDI is doing is providing protection and undisturbed condition to every training centers training basis. They are responsible for the security of al QA members. They're traveling around Afghanistan. So that's, that's their main job.


And yeah, it's trying to find the people who are talking and So is GDI the intelligence service for not just Taliban, but Al-Qaeda, isis. Yeah. So it's, it's, it's basically the Islamic brotherhoods intelligence. Yeah, yeah. It, it covers, it, it it top covers all of these terrorist organizations. Yes, yes they do. They do. They do. Where is their headquarters? It's in Kabul. They are operating from there. They have several departments and yeah, they are like one, What are the departments?


How is the GDI broken up? I mean they have one department specifically, which is taking care of the security of, of the A Qaeda members. And there are, there are one department, for example, they have sgin department I just described. They have a sgin department. They have SGIN department, which was actually very active around safe houses where all qaida members are. They, they constantly checking if there is any foreign segan activity. So this is how they take so seriously the protection of AA members in, in, in Afghanistan.


How long has the GDI been around? I mean it's like, yeah, it was established right after Kabul fell, You know, and that's their main job. So About what, four years? Yeah, Yeah. Do they have operators in the field throughout the world? I don't know that part. I don't know that part honestly. How can I network yet? Sure, yeah, it's a global organization. But the GDI, I don't know. I know that there are people in the United States directly being connected to the GDII know that.


So they have opera operatives inside the us Yes, Yes. And in Europe. And in Europe as well. They are directly communicating with them. I know that. What Are they doing? Are they conducting surveillance? Are they infiltrating media? Are they, what, what they're lobbying obviously. Yeah, They are lobbying. That's what they do. I think also what they are doing is trying to identify evidence of abroad, You know, who can be potentially your help, You know, kind of source or they are trying to help you because you know, a lot of Afghans, I mean who are here, they have their family in Afghanistan so they know what's going on in Afghanistan.


So they can be very helpful for you. So I know that a lot of Afghans here in the United States, but also in Europe, they are so afraid to speak because they can be found. They know who are here, You know, from the Hakai network or from the Kandahar Taliban who are potentially working for the Taliban. They know that, but they are just so afraid to speak up because they are afraid they'll be deported because they can see that our governments are protecting the Taliban. So they're also, the operatives are also developing assets and creating their own networks.


Yes, they do. How effective are they compared to an organization like CIA or MI six? I think they are not much. I think the, the, their effectiveness relies in simplicity In what They are so simply working. Okay. You know, it just really, they are taking their time. They are super smart. It it's, it's like one, one thing. What what, I know there was one guy in the United States, his job was given by the Taliban, by the haka network is trying to check and monitor social media to see which Afghans are speaking up or potentially sharing information.


That was his job and he got paid for it. So they are very simple things what they are using. So when they recruit an asset, are they paying the asset? Are they Oh, they do Threatening the asset? Yeah, they do, they do. Sometimes they threat when they stretch. Usually what I could see is that, yeah, they are not speaking, they are not speaking. And I dunno if you've seen that there was this Afghan athlete, female athlete spoke about, You know, the Afghan cricket team and she's receiving death threats and, and she has protection from the French police so it went that far.


So they have power in our countries. They really can make people's life hell. What have we not covered yet? Ooh, a lot. I mean it's just, we could talk, You know, days about these things. I think what we need to understand is that these groups are getting together. They, they had already their interlinks before.


Now they are cooperating Shena and Shia and Sunni, which we claim that they hate each other. I think we need to see that we, we are running out of proxies, You know, we ought talk, You know, teaming up with militias. We are using them for our interest, which is okay, but after four years you change it and you start to pay the, the opponent force. And we are running out of proxy. So these groups are learning and they know that I can play to be your friend. So I get money, but at the end of the day, I still hate you and I still will do an attack on your soil.


And they are, they are cooperating and they are learning from it. So it's, they're not just cooperating, they are learning from it how we can do better. And we, we still don't want to kind of accept it and we are using these groups to encounter Russia and China. So it, it's, it's just, I I've never thought I'm going to witness something like this. What is US intelligence's relationship with Taliban? Oh, they are having meetings.


I mean it was 2022 or, and I don't want to be wrong, 2022 or 23, but I think it was 22 then all d we had photo of CIA contractors in Kabul. So what we know that they are not all the time there, they are traveling there, You know, frequently. I know that they share intelligence, I mean share intelligence. The Taliban is feeding the system with sort of intelligence about the ISKP and about the Al-Qaeda in the Indian subcontinent.


That's it. There are, you know, the small pieces of information and lies and the United States is not taking any effort to verify this information. And, and here it comes. You can say that, oh, someone told me that. Oh, because they are stupid. They are not stupid. So seriously. So the CI is not stupid, it's just that's the political order. There is nothing to see move on. And it's good for us, You know, when they are lying for us, it is good for us. We don't need to do anything with that.


So you don't need to admit it that we are facing, You know, serious threat. Obviously Afghanistan was, was taken over by Taliban and Alqaeda because when you reach this conclusions, it's the next step is you need to do something and no one wants to do anything there. Back to the GDI, I forgot to mention this. Are the, is the GDI still holding American hostages? Yes, yes. How Many What? I know it's, it's three who are there and it was this, oh, I want to say because I know Justice family with this hobby, You know, he's an Afghan American citizen and it was just denied such a long time, You know.


No, he's not there. They don't have him. Yes, they have him. This is verified. This is verified. They have him. Do You know where he is being held? Well we try to track him. And the last, last information, what we've got is that already the, the haka network and AA has him, but where we don't know the location, What are their plans for this? Are they planning on using our hostages as negotiation? Oh yes. Oh yes. That's what they are going to do. That's what they are doing. I mean it just, you have American citizen, this Ryan Corbett who is in, as far as I know, he is medical condition.


Is that deteriorating? Deteriorating, yeah. Very fast. And it's still there and you're still sending money. You know, it's, it's just the, the CIE contractors are passing there every week. Are who are the other two? This Hobby bi. I know and I know Ryan Corbet, the third one, I don't know the name. They were not my focus. Are they torturing them? As far as I know, no, except Habibi. They do hobby bi, they do the US citizens. No they don't. Why are they torturing him? What do they want to get out of bed? They believe he played sort of a role for in the, in the collecting intelligence about Iman Zawahiri, You know, when he was killed in Kabul.


That's what they believe as far as I know. But I think they, I mean as really the information I have, they don't touch the, the US citizens. However, I believe just to know the conditions there, that's already a torture. Yeah. So I can imagine, yeah. What kind of negotiations do you think they'll initiate with our hostages? Oh, I think they will play now differently. You know, because of the new administration. I think they are keep trying to sell, You know, we are your friends and we are your counter-terrorist partners.


I dunno how it's going to work, but what I see globally and also in Afghanistan that we, it's, it's a, it's a chess game and it doesn't matter where we step or what we do, it's checkmate, you know, we don't have so many options to, to do, I'm just telling you an example. Yeah. You have the hostages there, so Yeah, yeah, sure. You don't pay anymore. Okay. We kill them and what, what you do, you invade Afghanistan. Well, it's not going to be that easy like in, You know, in 2001.


So you, you won't do that. So you see it. We don't have so many options anymore. I mean, it's gonna be a lot harder to, if we were to go back there, I mean we've burned all of our allies who would come work with us. Oh, I think there, there are still, I mean even, You know, hearing the Taliban that so many are disappointed, You know, they, they had this Holy War propaganda for 20 years, you know, fighting against America, You know, the, the big evil. And now they realize that actually the Taliban is the same corrupt, You know, as the government was.


They are not receiving salary. So they don't have that such a good life. I mean, the top they have, so the Taliban, I mean from the middle level also are not so satisfied. And to your knowledge, has there been any attempts to recover our hostages? I don't know. Is it even being discussed? I I really don't know it. It's, I, I've got couple of questions, You know, and, but they're not my focus. I'm mainly focusing on as the central leadership. Do they have any European hostages? Oh, they have. Not just American. They have, yeah. So what Are you about European hostages?


As far as I know they have 26. 26, yes. European hostages. Yes. And is Europe doing anything to recover their Hostage? I I don't know. You know, it's, I mean, when I see Europe, it's, it's like there is no communication. I mean, seriously, Europe is not talking about Afghanistan. You don't even find it. It's somewhere mentioned. Oh yeah, they are talking about, sorry, what projects? They are funding for the Taliban and that's it. They don't now the narrative, I mean, it's, it's all the information. It's all about, You know, the Ukrainian and Russia war deaths controlling the entire information space in Europe.


Are the Europeans even aware that they have hostages? I don't think So. I don't think so. I mean, I, I just coincidentally saw it in one of the reports, but otherwise no one is talking about it. No one Is Europe doing anything to combat what's coming to them? I don't think so. How would they begin? I don't know. I think we still believe that, You know, it's, we pay the Taliban and they are, they need our money, but they don't need our money. And I really don't see this because there is no communication with the European agencies or, or decision makers. Zero.


Nothing. Nothing. We have couple of, I mean, for example, we had couple of people who reached out to us and said, come on, how can we cooperate better? They are fighting the same battle as like, so, and Scott is doing here, You know, trying to push, you know, politicians to, to listen and do something. But in, in Europe it's harder. How would you define politicized intelligence? Yeah, that's, I mean, just, just to see the last four years, You know, I, I, I mean that's what I felt on my skin is that if, if a government decides something is not comfortable, something doesn't fit the political agenda, even on the intelligence field, it's just ignored.


And this is how Al-Qaeda is. You know, they, they don't even mention Al-Qaeda. I think I heard maybe five or six times in the last couple of months, which is, which is already an improvement. It's this using the power to, you don't collect information based on threats. You, you collect information based on political agenda like isis, You know, it's been ever, it's just isis. I dunno. They don't exist. Yeah, but we have this, no, it doesn't exist. And this is extremely dangerous because that means you are missing information and they can be vital.


And I could, I mean, my partner, You know, he's American. He had direct contact with three letter agencies. I, of course, I'm, I'm not American. He had, and he screwed up. I mean, he was screwed up so many times by three letter agencies. Like there was one three letter agency who taught him don't submit anything to us, which is about Afghans or Afghanistan. But why? Because we don't care. That's, that's the order coming from the top.


Geez, I've heard this couple times. I've heard it from congressman at different events that the agency has reached out and told them to stop. Just stop talking about it. Cease the conversation. This is done. Yeah, but is it, it's it, isn't it childish? You know, it's like when you have your children, You know, and they say you're sick and hide, You know, and they just, I'm hiding. Yeah. Yeah. So it's out of everything that we talked about, what do you think that the, the biggest threat to the incoming Trump administration is when it comes to terrorism?


It's, it's a little bit complex because, I mean, what I can speak about the Trump administration, it's, it's coming from the media. Okay? So I, I don't live here. So what I saw is that the new administration want to make major changes, right? In, I dunno, I heard the FBI, You know, intelligence agencies, security forces. That can be a very sensitive point because if they initiate the attack, when you do these changes, that can influence the response, right? So this is one. The other thing is that I knew when they saw the news, Okaya Central saw the news first they were very upset.


President Trump won. But after 10, 15 minutes, SIFA Ada said, bring it on. So they know that they have a specific plan for the Trump administration. And it's all about, if you see the political agenda of President Trump, it's all about, for example, bringing troops home, right? To decrease the American military presence. You'll be a bit dragged into conflicts And you won't be able to do that. Because if you, if you do it, you say that, it's another example.


You have an attack on an embassy. Okay, let's say that. And they will order, okay, let's find who did it setting up, You know, you need find the perpetrators. Still troops are there, but if you don't go after them, the restored American image, which was, You know, another promise, You know, during the election, that's not going to happen. So that's why the next US administration don't have, I mean, those decision makers, they don't have too many options.


Sean. It's a very sophisticated chess game, and they will need a very good chess player. Do you feel we have any good chess players coming in? Oh, I don't know. Or just see the other things that these attacks, it'll have economic impacts. So his other plan, You know, to make some economic improvements, it's not going to happen. I got a lot of faith in Mike Waltz. He's the incoming national security advisor, and I hope he is paying attention.


I know he is, but he's got a big job to fill. And, and two more questions before we end. I already think I know the answer to the one, but is there any possible scenario where we make peace with these organizations? No, because they don't want peace. You know, You know, I, I heard this, that we make peace with our enemy, right? It's, it's, it's, it's correct. If the enemy wants peace, but this enemy doesn't want peace, they, they, they don't stop.


I mean, we, we passed that stage long time ago. So when we say that, okay, I made a peace deal with them, with, You know, the, it was like the Doha agreement, You know, you tried, okay, it failed. So, okay, move on. You know, so solve the problem. And we always discard what this group, these groups want, why they are equal players. They have their own 50% in this game. Why are we dismissing that? It's a little bit like self-centered what we want. Yeah. But look at what they want.


And I think it's, it's really important when I see Europe is that, You know, when I heard President Trump said, Amer, we make America great again. You know, we are super power. And it's like being the big brother, because I can see that Europe is doing what, You know, following the American flow. But, you know, to, to be powerful and being big also requires and comes with responsibility. And, and I think This is what decision makers and politicians need to understand. You have to take the responsibility and you have to be very careful with it.


Because if you don't take responsibility to be great or being powerful, that has serious consequences. What recommendations, and this is the last question. What recommendations do you have for the Trump administration? What did they need to fix first From this point of view? First is that they need to see what happened in the last four years. It's kind of, You know, damage assessment. You, you, you, you have to see what happened. And it's really important for them to be ready to see the ugly truth.


Because jihadist groups are our proxies. And I dunno, how can you turn that around? And you have to identify lobbyists in the United States from the Muslim Brotherhood, from Al-Qaeda, from the Taliban. You have to find them and you have to isolate them. If they are double citizens, You know, just rip off the citizenship. Go home, please. You know, you, you are a, your personal non grata here. And also see that, You know, someone used this. So it's really not my words, ed.


I mean, terrorism is like a tumor. You find it, and it, it has been growing in the last four years. So you can't do that to ignore it. So the, the coming administration has to deal with it. They will not have another choice. Why? Because it's already here. One of the, I mean, the spreading cancer size we are having here and we are having in Europe. So you, they don't have a choice. And the other thing, what I would really love to see finally from someone being active and not reactive. Yeah, me too.


Me too. Me too. I don't know exactly where we would start, but everything seems reactive now. I think where we would start is prepping the local communities and getting them up to speed on this and allocation of resources, hardening up school security, hardening up arenas, hardening up stadiums, figuring out how we detect these invisible bombs. I think those would be the, in my opinion, those would be the first steps on what we need to do. Yeah. To start to Secure this stuff. It's kind of urgent. Yeah. It's, You know, instead of waiting until the next one happens, and then you get that local community ready when it's already gonna be somewhere else.


Yeah. And So I think I'm with you. The administration needs to get the local communities to be more proactive. There needs to be more funding. Yeah. You know, I lied. I said there was one last question. I have one more. We just saw these wildfires Yes. In California, specifically in Los Angeles. If I remember correctly, Al-Qaeda said that they would burn our cities to the ground. Yeah. Is there a possibility that, that have you, let's take all speculation out. Do you have any intelligence from your assets, your sources, that, that was instigated by terrorism?


No. No, it was not. At least that's what I've got. It was not, but they, they praised it, so it was heartbreaking to see. But yeah, they praised it. I I, I checked it, I asked it, and my information is, no, they didn't have anything to do with, I think it was an echo terrorist, but it's, you know, who knows? Obviously, You know, I, I can, I don't know everything. So that's, So I, I'm, I'm, I, I, I asked them and they said, no, no, no. It has nothing to do with them. I, I think, You know, the, the most powerful person in Al-Qaeda central is Al Al. And recently we could get the translation of his book.


The Guy is a genius. Why he, he talks about strategy, he talks about innovation, targets, allies, leadership. He's a genius. Should we go into that? I mean, yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's a detailed what his ideas, it's, it's, it's a military strategy book, how leadership should look like. I mean, I would even give it to my country's politician is read it because This is what we need. Leadership is he's writing about lessons and learn.


He's writing about don't, don't get stuck with victory. Go through the losses, mistakes, because that's how you develop. It's, it's, it's amazing. I suggest the new administration to read his book because it's just very impressive. This is how AKA is when we look at the, the organization itself today, that book represents the level they are. And I don't see they are on the lower level than us. Did we see, did we discuss the strategy within the interview? A lot of it, Yeah.


How are his, what are his leadership principles? What stuck out to you? Loyalty. And that's, that's the first one. Commitment. That's, that's also the others. But it's run by very sophisticated military organization, very sophisticated and flexible. So they don't have that rigidy rules. It's, it's, it's, it's very good. I mean, I was very impressed when I read it. What is the book? 33 Strategies? I'm, I'm going to send you and I'm going to see if we ever, I mean, some places we can make it available because I, I wish people could read it, especially decision makers, because they could see this is not a guy running around in Afghanistan with an AK 47.


He's a mastermind. Yeah. And this guy, I mean, his book could stand West Point or Sandhurst. You hear that? Any us politicians, any leadership in the country? 33 strategies. You're gonna send me a copy? Yes, it'll be translated. Yes. Will it be digital? It's, it's already translated. Yes. Can I disseminate it through our newsletter? Yeah, I think so. I'll Put it in our newsletter when we receive it. You can download it for free. Have your staff read it if you don't have the time to. But sounds pretty clear to me that we need to pay a lot of attention to that book, that mastermind 33 strategies.


Jane, Thank you so much for coming. I really appreciate it. And I hope the next time we run into each other, it's better news. Thank you so much for being me. Thank you. Thank you. No matter where you're watching Shawn Ryan Show from. If you get anything out of this, please like, comment, subscribe, and most importantly, share this everywhere you possibly can. And if you're feeling extra generous, Please leave us a review on Apple and Spotify Podcasts.


Hi, I Am Joe Sal Sea. Hi, host of the Stacky Benjamins podcast. Every week we talk to experts about saving, investing in personal finance trends. Oh, crypto. Can't do it. You could have done All that research, all the breadcrumbs and thought this company's never going bankrupt Foiled again. You never knew personal finance could be this fun. Throwing down the got one. I'm bringing it today. I'm only gonna be off by six figures instead Of seven. Every boy has a dream doc. Every boy has a dream for sure. Stacking benjamins. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.