
The NFL playoffs are better with FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 in bonus bets. If you win your first $5 bet FanDuel an official sports book partner of the NFL 21 plus in President select seats First online real money wager only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan doel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Tim Sheehy, welcome to the show. Thanks, Sean. Good to be here. It's good to have you. This is the latest interview I've ever done here at the midnight hour, but I really appreciate you coming down. I know you're a busy guy and, and especially, and congratulations on, on your senate. Well, Thank you. It's, it's more like condolences because it's a huge, as you probably see, You know, undertaking for anybody. But we have to do it. Guys like us have to get involved, You know, we were just in the Pete, he, Seth hearing yesterday. We gotta get guys like us involved and getting this country back on track. Yeah. So it's an honor. Do It. Yeah, a lot of people are stepping up.


It's good to see. And then, You know, our conversation downstairs, so you're only the second ever special operations veteran to enter into the Senate. As far as operators, I'm sure there's been guys who've been through commands, but as far as I know, You know, the, on the only, the second operator, Bob Carey, medal of Honor, recipient Vietnam Seal was, was senator from Nebraska previously and then, and then me. That's pretty incredible. That's pretty incredible. And yeah, I saw your remark in the, the HG Seth hearing. Well, how, how did that go again? Well, you know, it's, to be honest, so, You know, I'm the most, one of the most junior members of the Senate, I just turned 39 and most senators are, You know, 70 or, or whatever.


And that's not to meant be disparaging, it's just a fact. It's, it's a very, You know, they call it the most expensive nursing home in the nation. So I'm very junior. So it'll always, it'll, it'll Be great to see somebody that doesn't just space out in the middle of a press conference and not know where the hell they are. That helps. A lot of people are looking forward to that. Yeah. And So I was the last guy, this, as you probably saw, it was a five plus hour hearing, I think, You know, it got it. Got to. So I was the last one in line. And, you know, at that point it was, the lines had been drawn, You know, the Democrats were hammering over anything woman related, You know, and, and You know, Pete's never said he is perfect. He didn't say I'm a saint, You know, I'm a preacher. He admitted, yeah, I, I, I had, I had some challenges, but now I have a wi I love, we have a lot of kids together and I've, I've committed to, to our Lord and I've committed to serving this country.


So they were smearing him. And of course our side was righteous indignation, rightfully so defending him. And it got to me as the last guy and I'm like, You know what? I had all these fancy questions laid out. Nobody wants to hear these questions, you know, so I'm gonna ask him. And that wasn't rehearsed at all when I asked him 5, 5, 6, 9 millimeter night vision goggles, how many pushups? That was just, You know what, I'm gonna ask him questions. He knows the answer to, to show all these people in this room that this guy knows what he's talking about. And of course, I asked him how many genders there were. Toughest question this day and age. We shouldn't have to, but we do. And I reminded them that there are two genders and I'm a sheehy, so, You know, I know that better than anybody. Oh, That's amazing. But quick introduction here.


So Senator Tim Sheehy, US Senator for Montana, and Former Navy SEAL Officer, like I said, second ever special operations operator to enter the Senate completed numerous deployments around the world. You're a family man. Your wife Carmen of is a former U US Marine officer. You both are raising four children, an entrepreneur, founder, and former CEO of Bridger Aerospace and Ascent Vision Technologies and owner and ranch hand at Little be ca Cattle company. And most importantly, for what we're gonna talk about, 'cause we'll be talking about the LA wildfires.


You're an aviator and water bomber pilot. So we'll talk about, You know, your expertise and, and, and what You know about this disaster that's going on in, in California right now. But before we, before we move into the, the nitty gritty stuff, I've got a Patreon Patreon's, our subscription account. They've been with us since the beginning. They're our top supporters. And so one thing I offer them is I offer them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. And so this is from Amit Shamgar. What do you believe is the most pressing moral challenge facing our society today, and how do you plan to address it through your legis legislative work?


Apathy. I mean, the, the greatest cultural threat to America is apathy. That most Americans don't really seem to care about this country anymore. They don't really seem to realize that we live in a pretty damn special place. And not only do we live in a special place, we are so lucky, you and I, anyone in this country. I mean, you've been all over the world as I have. I mean, there's 300 million Americans, give or take there, 40 million. There's seven, 8 billion people in the world. Our chances of having been born in this country, just statistically, God, the universe, whatever you believe in, the chances of you being born in America are pretty damn small.


And think about other places you could have been born, Mali, Iraq, Afghanistan. Yeah. You know, Pretty much anywhere sub Yeah. Southeast Asia. And there's some beautiful places there, but there's only one country in the world. People are starving in the desert and drowning in the ocean trying to come there to become part of that country. And that's right here. And I think so many Americans have forgotten that. I mean, that's why I'm sitting here. I've never run for anything before, not even student council walked away from a company. I love my ranch, my family to do this because I think so many Americans have just lost sight of it. And So I think, how do we fix it in legislation to amids question is education, making sure that our kids are reminded how special America is.


And You know, they've been told these past several years how bad we are. Yeah. How racist we are, how broken we are, how evil we are, how our institutions are bad and inherently racist and, and, You know, our, our American power is bad or the fact that we're economically strong, you know, the list goes on that we want to tear Lincoln's name off of school. We want to tear statues of George Washington down. We wanna erase our history and replace it with something new. And that's a fundamental threat to our existence. And you know, it, it's scary that that mindset has been adopted at almost every level in our government. Yeah. So how do we fix in legislation? Number one, we hold government accountable.


Number two, we actually make sure we're adhering to constitutional government because the thing that set America apart that's made us so special is not our government, it's not our military, it's not our geography. Although all those things are great. It's the fact that we are the first government that was formed around the concept of a free individual. That every mind soul has its own unique destiny, its own unique potential. No other country has ever founded with that entire concept as the foundation of a nation. And we were, and we're not perfect. We've never been perfect, but we're a pretty damn special place. And I think we need to remind our kids how special we are because how do we expect them?


We're all time low recruiting in the military. How do You know, we have all time low trust in government right now. And that's a product of us telling generations of kids that they shouldn't be proud of this country. Yeah. You know, you brought up, you brought up holding the government accountable. And we try to do that here as much as we possibly can. And sometimes we get a little bit of success. Most time it falls on deaf ears. But You know, when I, when I ask my audience to hold the government accountable, I'll give you an example. They always wanna know how, how do we do that? And a lot of people we've lost, you know, it's no secret.


America's lost a lot of confidence in the, in the voting system. And, you know, I'll give you an example. We, You know, about the Taliban funding stuff. Oh yeah. And Thank You for highlighting that, by the way. Thank you. I mean, we, a lot of us knew what was going on. I didn't know the extent until you started talking about it and really highlighted it. And I mean, you kicked off a firestorm and we have legislation going on. I I signed on to co-sponsor today In the Senate. Yes. But to no tax dollars to the Taliban. Man. Thank you. So like, and, and that's, that was started. You, Scott Mann, the whole crew of guys, I mean, again, we all knew about it. I was aware of the existence of this. But until you started quantifying it and, and driving that truth home, You know, it didn't rise, rise to the level of consciousness that we can let, now we have legislation on the floor in the hundred 19th Congress to put an end to it.


Man, that's, that's amazing. So yeah, Thank you. It's happening. But It took a long time to get there. It did. It took a long Tim Burchard outta Knoxville, like knocked it outta the park. He did not give up. It was Bill after bill after bill that he wrote up. And, but we had a petition and that petition went up to, I think last time I checked it said like 400,000 signatures. And we couldn't get Congressman McCall to do anything. And You know, you would think at the time, I think I brought it up and when I interviewed President Trump, You know, there was 300 something thousand back then. But I mean, it is just, people get so frustrated 'cause they don't, they don't really know, they don't really know how to hold the government accountable.


And So I I I would love to hear, You know, your suggestions on what, what can people do? Does it actually do anything when people write a congressman's office or a senator's office and they get hundreds, maybe thousands of letters demanding change? Well, you asked, what do we do? And the number one thing you do is what I'm doing, get in the arena. I mean, it's not a glorious thing. It's not a fun thing. You wanna find a way to lose a lot of net worth fast. You know, the most expensive hobby is in horses and planes or boats. It's politics. I can promise you that. But I guess unless you're Nancy Pelosi. But the point is, get involved. I mean, the world is run by people who show up.


It is, I mean, whether it's school, board, student, I mean, whoever gave a shit who their county health inspector was five years ago. Yeah. Who did, nobody cared or who was on the school board. No one even thought of that stuff. Like, I might wasting my time. Well, guess what, when Covid came and, You know, face diapers and shutting schools down and closing businesses, you can't go to church. You can riot in the streets, but you can't go into a church. People started who's making these rules? What's going on? I'll tell you who's making the rules. It's the people who showed up, the people that said no one's, no one else is making the rules. So I'm gonna make the rules. And that's, that's how I got here was Afghanistan, You know, watching Afghanistan collapse, being convinced, watching Kabul collapse a nation I fought in, you fought in, my wife fought there, we lost friends there.


At some point, an adult was gonna enter the room at the NSC at the Pentagon in the White House. Say, Hey guys, pick up the phone and press the red button. What the hell's going on guys? This is ridiculous. Yeah. Stop. This is amateur hour. And it never happened. It never happened. And for me that was like the watershed moment of like, wow. Like there's, there is no one behind the curtain. We better get involved. We, our generation, the generation that lived through the great finance crisis, nine 11, fought on a nation's longest war. We better get involved. Good point. You know, I was gonna ask you too, you know, I mean, what, at what level do you think people should get involved? Should it be in, at the, at the, at the city, local level, state level, federal level?


I mean, it seems to me like if a lot more people would've gotten involved in LA we probably wouldn't be seeing the, the mess that we're seeing right now. But I'm, I would, I would love to hear your thoughts on that as Well. No, you're absolutely right. And I think any level, I mean, you gotta figure out what works for your lifestyle, what works for who you are, what issues you're concerned with. You know, I got involved in politics, not as a candidate, but as a, as a speaker, as a fundraiser. And as I spoke at events and helped other candidates run, some folks said, Hey, we have a really important center race coming up. You're pretty good at this. Would you consider running? And I think for a lot of folks, maybe you're a farmer in northern California.


I say that specifically because people don't think farmer when they hear California, they think Santa Monica, they think San Francisco. It's our biggest ag state of the nation. I mean it's the, the central Valley of California is our most fertile is ag area in the whole nation. Arguably. I mean, of course there's different, you know, whether it's grains or, or You know, soybeans, center cetera, et cetera. But it's one of the most fertile areas in the country. And California farmers are at the center of this fire crisis that we're gonna be talking about today. And, you know, common sense policies have been ignored. And you know, when we talk about this modern conservative movement, You know, MAGA America first, I, I think so much of that is misinterpreted by so many people that America first doesn't mean isolationism.


America first doesn't mean nationalism. All America first means is the American people. It's not too much for the American people to ask and expect that the government that they've elected and and pay for makes decisions that are good for them. We put the American people first. We put American businesses first. We put the American border first. We make decisions as elected officials. We may disagree on details and procedure, but ultimately when we make a decision, it's for what's good for the American people. And what we've been seeing for so many years now are decisions that are bad for the American people. We put the rest of the world first.


We put in Southern California, we're putting environmental groups first. We're burning the, putting the smelt fish first. We're putting endangered iceberg lettuce first. We're saying you can't pump water out of this reservoir because there's a snail in there that's endangered. Don't touch that water. We're saying don't cut any of those trees outta that forest because it's protected area. Well guess what, that forest burns we're saying, You know, we're not gonna be ready to have community resilience for this because it violates our endangered species act protections. And then we're not ready for a fire. So I, I think this fire, You know, is, is, is gonna be a wake up call for the whole country because, you know, I, I started my company's quick background to how I got into fire.


You know, how is a Navy SEAL Senator now what does wildfire have to do with me? Like you served overseas a SEAL team leader. And as You know, during those war years, we got very good at integrating close air support and airborne ISR real time into a ground team. And you know, for years, you know, when the first time aircraft were used in support of military operations, no, I don't. Napoleonic Wars.


They started hot air balloons on a tether up so they could spot for the artillery and deft. No kidding. Yeah, very rudimentary. They'd look at, You know, and then yell down corrections to their cannons. And of course that progressed through obviously into World War I, early airplanes. So with Camel, et cetera, et cetera. Then, you know, world War II of course was the first real air war. And throughout all, and then of course Vietnam through the Cold War. But the first, during those 20th Century Wars, You know, we'd take imagery, take pictures, and if anyone's ever watched that movie, 13 days where it shows the fa crusader flying over Cuba, taking a picture of the Soviet missiles and then landing in DC and it shows how all the steps the guys had to run the film through before it gets shown to the president.


You know, airborne reconnaissance was a tool of the strategic commanders generals, secretaries, presidents, the average guy on the ground, like you and I, we didn't see those pictures in World War II or Vietnam, Korea. But what we saw in our war in the Global War terror was, was a, a closure of that information loop to where every operator on the ground was starting to get access to that information. And that was a game changer on so many occasions. See how many guys are on the compound, see where the rocket point of origin sights on the ridge line. See where the enemy squirting off to. And seeing that information in, in a timeline that you can make a tactical decision. Not strategic, not we're gonna invade the country on the east instead of the west 'cause that's where the missiles are.


But a split second decision squirter out the, out the north end, You know, go. So I was part of that era and I started flying planes when I was, when I was a kid. My neighbor growing up was a Navy pilot, Harry Tebow, great man, Korean warrior, a Navy pilot. And he took me up flying when I was about eight years old. And, and I fell in love with it right away. I'm like, flying is gonna be my life. And he started teaching me how to fly. And his son Steve Tebow started teaching me how to fly. And I got, I started, I was flying planes where I was driving cars, got my pilot's license right away, sold when I was 16, pilot's license 17. And I went to Annapolis and I went to Annapolis to be a Navy pilot. Like that's what I was gonna do. The Navy pilot on an astronaut, You know, like the movie, the right stuff. That was my, that was gonna be my path.


And of course I get there and the wars are kicking off Afghanistan, Iraq and realize pretty quickly that me flying planes was really a selfish desire. I loved flying, but this was a ground war. We didn't need guys circling around in jets, no offense to our, our pilot trends. But this was a door kickers war. Yeah. And I wanted to be where I was, needed the absolute most in that war and that was on the ground. So I went into the teams, but I always had that aviation knowledge and passion. And my first deployment was Iraq oh nine, and part of a joint task force there at a Baghdad. And we had, we had the integrated ISR all the time and I really saw the power of those sensor systems.


And my next deployment was Afghanistan and 10, the few others after that. And across those deployments, I saw the impact of, of having real time information being shared with us and then being able to bring in aircraft very precisely conducting airstrikes in support of troops in contact. And one of the times that I was injured was actually friendly fire and Apache shot at us instead of the enemy. It was a mix up in the coordination, as I'm sure you've heard that luckily nobody was seriously wounded or killed, obviously. But You know, we all got our bell rung in a little bit of, You know, Nicks dents and scratches there. But I came home from that after I, after I got outta the military and there was a fire in Arizona in 2013 called the Yarnell Mountain Fire.


They maybe made a movie about it called Only the Brave. And in that fire, the team of hot Shots, the Grand Mountain Hotshots were, were fighting a a a fire. And, and the fires in the southwest is in Arizona. Sage brush high desert. When you have a terrain and wind-driven fire in that kind of fuel type moves very fast, very dangerous. You know, all fires are dangerous, but like heavy timber fires in the northwest are really tough to put out, but they don't move quite as fast, dry sage brush and high desert fuels. Those light fuels. It rips and the wind shifted direction. The team leader made the right decision to say, this fire's getting outta control.


I'm gonna get my team outta here. I'm gonna move him to a safe zone. Well, unfortunately he made the right decision, but with the wrong information. And instead of moving to a safe zone, You know, they moved into a zone where the fire burned him over and killed him. Burned him all alive, 19 firefighters killed. And about as I was getting out, it was about a year and a half after that event, I, I read the debrief on it and I realized as I read through it, had that team leader had the same, You know, 19, that's about how many we'd have on the mission with seals. And I couldn't and, and the Desert Mountains, I was like, I'm, I, I could feel myself in his shoes in Afghanistan, run around with my guys in Afghanistan. And I said, man, if that team leader had the same tools I had as a team leader in Afghanistan, his team would be alive.


So I started my company, Bridger Aerospace to bring that capability. If I could bridge that gap and provide that kind of data to our firefighters, we could save some lives and do some good. So we started my company, it was another veteran co-founder of mine. We started my barn with every scent we had. And it was, it was classic like shoot first ask questions later. Like let's just start a company and, and we think we can solve this problem. Having no idea what we were getting into. And man, it was, it was an adventure. 10 years. It was awesome. We went from two guys in a barn. We created over 400 jobs all over the world. We split into two companies. Eventually we spun out our technology that was infrared into a defense company that shot down drones.


It was very successful. We sold that and then we took our firefighting company public. We're one of the largest aerial firefighting providers in the world now. And then Little Belt Calico we can talk about later. My, my sniper from my seal team runs Little Belt Calico farm to table beef from the time the calf hits the ground to the time, You know, it's processed, never leaves the state of Montana. And it's, it, it, it's minimally transported because every time we move that cow, it stresses out the animal and really proud of the product. It's some of the best beef we're ever gonna have. All veteran run operation there. And we're really trying to rebuild the American food supply chain. 'cause we're sending so much of our food supply chain overseas and it's so unhealthy for our people. We're an unhealthy country right now.


Yeah. And we're gonna do everything we can to make our food here again. So, but anyway, so, so back to fires and Bridger was the core of all these other amazing businesses that, that I'm so proud that our veteran team all were led by veterans, every single one. And, and we started bringing this close air support model to wildfire to say we can real time infrared surveillance, giving the ground team real time intelligence. Then we can come in, bring water bombers in that specialize in tight direct attack, high volume on the fire. We can put that thing out and give the team the best support they can possibly get. And, and that's what we've done. And You know, one of our pilots actually was one of the guys we got outta Afghanistan.


He was an Afghan Air Force pilot who, with his, with his squadron snuck out of the country. The Wall Street Journal had a great article about, about him and the company a few years ago. We got him outta the country, flew to Uzbekistan as he was flying out of Kabul, they shot at his plane, shot a hole in his fuel tank. So he ran out of fuel, crashed, landed in Uzbekistan. You know, we're all in touch with him, You know, the whole way the team that, you know, got that knew him that we're handling him all the way, got under the states American dream. We get him out of Afghanistan, get his family to the us, get him legally set up. And now he's flying again, fighting wildfires in America, fighting for our country again. Damn. That's amazing. Yeah.


And he is a great guy. But what we're seeing in LA right now is a catastrophe. I mean, it is, it is the culmination of so many facets of just basic mismanagement and wrongheaded policies come to a head. And unfortunately this isn't the first time, You know, in the last year and a half, Le Haina Maui, remember? Yeah, Hawaii, who thinks wildfires when I think Hawaii, very few people, a hundred people dead. Lana wiped off the map New Jersey in November, who thinks about wildfires in New Jersey. But we had big fires in New Jersey in November. We had the largest fire in Texas history, one of the largest fires in American history, the Smokehouse Creek fire last March.


And of course now we're seeing literally our nation's largest city burned to the ground. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know, we're gonna dive into this, but as of right now, just lifted it up, we got 25 dead. It sounds like from the fire. About 40,000 acres have been burned to the ground. Thousands and thousands of structures gone. And You know, it sounds like there was a lot of incompetence. Sounds like we saved a lot of fish and snails, but not a lot of people. And You know, I mean, where are we gonna, where are all these people gonna go?


I mean, like you said, this is one of the largest cities in America and where are they gonna go? This is gonna take, well let's, this is gonna take years To a different state. I mean, remember what happened Katrina, when all those folks evacuated, new Orleans, new Orleans still hasn't recovered. They all, a lot of 'em fled to Houston. Many of them never came back. Once they were uprooted and gone, they stayed. I think a lot of these people who are leaving the state to go stay with family elsewhere, packed up the car and drove away. Many of them may not come back. Man, man. Well, You know, Trump called this actually on, on Joe Rogan's podcast.


He talked, what was the fish, The smt, The smell, the smell of fish said that they, they weren't pulling, pulling water from there. 'cause they wanted to save the smell of fish. Is it is, I mean, a lot of incompetence. We'll get into those. But I mean, what were your initial thoughts when you saw, when you saw the fire, Knew right away it was gonna be a catastrophe. And actually, as recently, about three weeks ago, four weeks ago, I wrote an op-ed before all this. Are you serious? We wrote an op-ed in, appeared in Fox news.com saying We are not ready to fight wildfire in this country. Our system is fundamentally broken and we have a big one coming and we're not ready.


I wrote a book about it two years ago called Mudslingers, about aerial firefighting. And 100% of the proceeds of that book go to fallen and injured wildland firefighters. I don't make a cent off it, but in the book I wrote about it too. I said, I've been fighting fires for almost a decade now. I'm not an expert. This guy's been doing it for 30, 40, 50 years. But I'm telling you how we fight wars in other countries is such a far cry from how we protect our people, our own people. And when I see, I'm not criticizing the brave firefighters on the ground for, let's talk about our firefighters. You know, a structure of firefighter in whatever city you're in, you dial 9 1 1 by National Code, national Fire Protection Association, NFPA 4 9 17 10.


There a whole list of codes. There'll be a red, big red fire truck at your front door in about five minutes, 20 seconds. Every city in the country's laid out that way. And we pay those firefighters year round, fantastic salaries, great wages because they do a dangerous and important job for our communities. We may not need 'em every day, but we need 'em. We need 'em and we fucking need them right away. We do the same thing with our police officers. Same thing with our military. Right now, our, our firefighters have been staring down the ba battle, the, the barrel of a 40% pay cut. Our wildland firefighters, we pay our wildland firefighters like hourly seasonal employees. We took like 60% pay cut since when did that happen?


It hasn't happened yet. But that's what they're, if we don't enact legislation to protect their pay, that's what they're looking at having. And every year, that's, that's what our firefighting community that protects our wildland firefighting, our wildland firefighter community is constantly worried, are we going to get paid next year? 'cause they are paid as hourly seasonal employees. You know, and you look at the disparity between how we treat a veteran that goes to war. They get paid a salary. It's not the best salary in the world, but it's a salary to live on. They get housing benefits, they get medical benefits. And if they get hurt, injured or killed, either in the states or on deployment, basically the military and the VA take care of him. Basically. It's not, we all know the VA's not perfect, but there's a system in place.


Our redland firefighters get none of that. In fact, my team and I started a foundation raised hundreds of thousands of dollars specifically for that, the Montana Firefighter Fund specifically to help severely injured or killed firefighters in their families. Because there is no SGLI, there's no va, there's no Wounded Warrior project. And when these guys get hurt or God forbid killed their families are kind of left like, what's the big deal? Like what, what, I mean, what are we, what are we supposed to do? Where, where's the help? So I I it's, it's incredibly sad. But if you look at how we treat the problem holistically, this is such a challenging problem to solve. It's actually very simple to solve, but it's very challenging because it's, it's a whole of government issue.


Let's take the LA fires. I'm talking about for years, California has led the nation and environmental reform. There's some good things about that. We all want clean air, we all want healthy forests. We all want healthy ecosystems and we want as many species running around as possible. I know very few people I say I don't think I know anybody who doesn't want those things. But those policies come at a cost. And this is, again, going back to America first. Policies have impacts. And if you're going to say that the smelt or the agent of snail fish or You know, the spotted owl is more important than the safety of millions of residents, that's a decision you have to make openly and clearly.


And you have to be honest with your constituents. Hey everybody, I know you all want spotted owls flying around. Are you comfortable with your neighborhood burn burning to the ground to protect that owl? And I, people would say, no, absolutely not. Are you crazy? So how we, how our structure of firefighting community is, is built. It, it emanates from the great fires of the 19th century. So, You know, you go through history and especially in America, we built our cities fast during national expansion, built 'em outta wood, and they built 'em without any rules. People just threw up whatever they could. Denver, Kansas City, Chicago, Boston, these great fires.


The great Chicago fire really was, was the, was the impetus, I think it was 1893, I might be wrong on a year or two there, but late 19th century and after that fire, everyone came together and say never again. We're done with our cities burning to the ground. This is happening too often. And actually who came out and fixed it was private industry, Westinghouse, general Electric, the electric companies who were wiring our cities with early electricity. There was no code of how to run wires. You know, now you can't put an outlet in it without pulling out the code book and a guy coming by inspecting it. Back then it was so new. You just, yeah, whatever, stick the wires in here, let's go. So all these wood buildings jammed together with a bunch of wires running through 'em that were shorting out all the time.


And these cities would start on fire and they'd literally burn to the ground. So in the, in the wake of the Great Chicago fire, the electrical companies came together and formed an association, an association that today is known as the National Fire Protection Association. And they said very clearly, number one, this is morally wrong. It's also bad for business. Like we're burning down cities. We are going to create a system of codes to better protect our cities from wildfire. And fast forward through the 20th century, what that did was building coats, fire sprinklers, you know how we wire our rooms to make sure that You know, the, the outlets in our wirings, you know, 16, 18 inches off the ground, if you know what state you're in, You know how we run the wires through conduit, where fire hydrants are. Those early fires, what would happen is it was before water in the cities.


So they'd fight and with bales, pales of sand, You know, and shovel on the fire. And a lot of times they create firebreaks in the city. So as, as buildings were burning instead of spraying water on, they didn't have fire riders, they would just, they demolish a line of buildings behind them. That's where they saying fight fire with fire comes from and then start 'em on fire to create a back burn to literally they'd burn down part of the city to keep the rest of the city from burning when the main fire got there, which is a tactic to fight wildfire. And eventually they said that this is ridiculous, we should be able to fight fires in our city. So they created a system to fight fires. And that starts with building codes. It starts with a fire hide in every street corner.


It starts with hoses that match the fire hydrants. 'cause then as, as we started to use water in cities to fight fire, you know, different boroughs would help each other out. Brooklyn would go help Manhattan or You know, long Beach would go help, You know, Anaheim, whatever. And they'd get there and the hoses wouldn't match 'cause they bought different equipment, You know, or they made their own thing up and they, you'd have a fire wagon show up and try to plug their hose in. Ah shit, these are different sizes. Like what, what good is it if we can't hook the hoses up? So they standardized hose sizes, respirators how to train firefighters. And it created a national standard for firefighting that as it was adopted, decreased structural firefighting deaths and civilians. And firefighters by 80%.


And as you well know today, I mean firefighters, we call 'em firefighters. But really I think 94% of callouts for firefighters now are medical related. They're basically EMTs and car accidents. Yeah, we've largely eliminated structure fire from our nation's regular everyday occurrence. And every around, every city fire stations are, are located to provide a five minute response time anywhere in the city. And within that response time is a table of requirements. Okay? It's four story building. It'll be a ladder truck, it's a 10 story building this big, alright, we need two ladder trucks, four rescue rigs, two ambulances. And they basically construct that based on a, on a response matrix.


And a five minute response time means you call 9 1 1 'cause you have the kitchen fire. They get there while the fire's still in the kitchen, they show up half hour later or an hour later now the fire's in the living room or the whole house is burned down or it's moved to the next house. So time is of the essence and fire response, any kind of fire, You know what the response time is nationally for wildland fires. I don't afraid to ask. That's because there isn't one. Oh perfect. There is no requirement. None. That's why like last year for the Texas fires, it took three to four days for aircraft to be able to be ordered through the system. And I'll tell you why. I'm not blaming anybody. It's not the forest service's fault, it's not the department tour's fault.


This is just how the system we've allowed to exist works. When the fire season's over season, it's January and we have the biggest fire, worst disaster in American history burning as we speak. And it's January, so there is no fire season. November we were burning in New Jersey all summer of course is Colorado, Utah, Montana, the west February last year we're burning in Texas. Now it's January, we're burning in LA So there is no season anymore if there ever was one. But when these traditional federal system says the fire season is over, They Deactivate all the air tankers and all the firefighters, all the engines, they lay off the fire crews and they shut down the fire stations.


It's literally like if this here in this neighborhood, you said, You know what? We haven't had a fire here in about a week. We feel pretty good. Hey mayor, fire all the firefighters. Sell the fire engines for cash and, and shut down the fire stations. 'cause we obviously don't need 'em anymore. We haven't had a fire in a week. So why do we need all these people hanging around? That is the exact paradigm that governs our wildland fire apparatus nationally. And that's why in January there was not a ready made response matrix ready to go for this. Because come winter time, winter time, we send everybody home. How many people have been? Do you, do you have any idea how many people are now displaced?


I've heard I think we're over 15,000 evacuated. 15,000. Oh, I'm sorry. I I think, I think it's almost 15,000 structures have been damaged. I think 60, 50 or 60,000 people have been evacuated as of today. Wow. I know some people are starting to trick trickle back in. But yeah, pretty serious numbers. I mean, those are huge numbers. How did this, You know, we, we, and you had a, we had a phone conversation with a couple days ago when we put the interview together at the timeline here. But I asked you, how did this start? Could this have been, You know, we talk a lot about terrorism on the show. Could it be, could it be terrorism? I mean, you said yourself, go ahead. You know Yeah. What Al-Qaeda said.


No, It absolutely could be. And you know, we recovered plans, You know, not, not we, but the royal we, the, you know, special operations, intelligence, community, law enforcement, I'm not sure who was the, the appropriating, you know, agency, but there were plans recovered from Al-Qaeda. That's, that had a, a proposed plan to attack America with wildfire. Because anyone who's been to the western US spent time out there. You go out there in those dry months, August, September, October, especially like now with the Santa Ana winds kicking, it's the cheapest way to wreak absolute havoc on our nation the cheapest way. I mean, nine 11 was pretty damn cheap. But, You know, they trained those guys for a few years. They had to hijack airliners and it was a complex plan.


Well executed, hate those guys. But you outta respect, that was a well executed plan. Terrible. Think about wildfires. Easiest thing ever. I mean, drive down the interstate with a Roman candle or You know, a, a Evian bottle of kerosene, light it and throw it out the window and keep driving. And the fuel ex is so explosive that especially in winds like this, those fires will move fast. I mean, so last year, the Smokehouse Creek fire in Texas, we'll get back to LA in a second, but I think it's important for folks to realize everyone's talking about LA as they should be. But there's so many other incidents in the past many, many years that that illustrate why this is preventable and why we need to act now to fix it.


The Smokehouse Creek fire in Texas last year was a disaster. The local response as usual is great. These local fire departments man up. They get out there, they fight hard, they protect their communities, but they do not have the resources. A a local fire truck is not designed to fight a million acre fire. It's designed to go fight a little two bedroom house fire in a neighborhood. These guys are outgunned, they're outmatched. That fire at, at peak spread when it was being pushed by 80 mile an hour winds was burning two football fields a second. Wow. I mean, visualize that. Wow. That's how fast it can spread. So this isn't the perception of people that think about a fire.


It's plotting along Two football fields a second. It's plotting along and it doesn't burn in a line. You know, you know, it, it's, I I fought a lot of fires from the air, fought two fires myself on a ranch this summer. You know, if you live out west, especially if you're an ag fighting wild, you better be always ready with your, with your pick and your shovel and your pulaski tool to go fight a fire. 'cause the the hay baler, the hay rake, the swather, you'll hit a rock when you're, when you're pulling hay and You know it will, it will start a fire. So two football fields a second is how fast that thing is moving. And it doesn't move in a line, especially when it's moving fast. The heat of the fire, like when people look at these pictures in California, they'll look at, they'll see trees intact and they see a house gone and they look at those pictures like, well how did that happen?


How come the trees are standing but the house is gone? Well a lot of this, because the proximity heat of the fire will cause things a self combust in front of the fire. So it's not even the line of the fire, it's just the heat that it's creating causes the flashpoint of material to just burst into flames. And then embers will get blown by the wind out in front of the fire line and you'll have spotting. And spotting is where you see spot fire starting in front of it. And that's how sometimes the ashe will blow miles in front of the fire and start spot fires. That can be a whole new fire. And that's what we're getting seeing now in LA is a complex fire. That's what we call a complex fire where it's not one simple fire, it's a whole area of fires like we're seeing in LA now there's multiple fires around the valley that had been started and now you've got a complex fire, you've got a huge incident of multiple different fires that are all part of the same ecosystem, but they're different incidents.


And that makes your your response to that that much harder. So I mean, do we, You know, kind of back to the Thank you for that, that that, that explains a lot on how these spread and that's, I mean, two acres a second, that's, that's moving, You know, the terrorism. Do, do we know, how do we know how this started? Not yet. And and obviously one thing about arson investigation is, is, you know, it is inherently challenging because the area has been burned. There's definitely been accusations that this is arson. I have not seen any, You know, foolproof evidence that it was. But there absolutely has been arsonists all over the country that started these fires.


And one thing that has been a big issue on the west coast is, is a lot of the, the, the homeless drug population where they're out there, they've got a, a stove, they're either cooking their food or meth or whatever and these homeless camps and then fires kick off in there and then boom, it's gone. That, but when you go back to the terrorist concept, it makes a lot of sense. I mean this is now the most expensive natural disaster in American history. I mean it's, it's not even over yet, but it's not attracted to me the most expensive disaster in American history. Billions and billions of dollars. And think about this, Sean, this is the scariest part about this fire. The deaths are, are, are terrible. The families and the homes destroyed. But this is the really scary underlayment of this issue.


Insurance, wildfire insurance could go away after this. I mean, it's been happening these fires. We have more people living in wildfire and s than we've ever had before in America, You know, western US whether it's resort communities in the mountains, whether it's la I mean people are building homes up into the hills, literally in the middle of fire country than never did before. And as a result, those homes have to be insured. 'cause not only to get a mortgage, you need to have homeowner's insurance. Well, wildfire homeowner insurance has already been creaky these last years. That the, the foundations are starting to crumble after that Paradise fire, the campfire in Paradise, California, Lena, so many fires across the western US insurance companies are starting in far more risk averse on whether we're gonna underwrite a home in a wildfire risk area.


That this fire may eliminate it all together. And if that happens, think how many people will lose homeowner's insurance and will not be able to finance their home or will lose their mortgage or their homeowner's insurance will go up so much they can't afford to live there. I mean, this could be a crisis in home ownership, which is, as You know, for the last four generations has been the main vehicle for American wealth creation. The vast majority of Americans', wealth is in their home. That's where we put our nest egg. That's where we generate long-term wealth. We make a salary. We have a 401k, but really most of us, our eggs are in our home and we're betting on that's gonna appreciate over our lifetime. And that will be my, that will be the foundation of my net worth.


Yeah. You know, I mean the same thing's kind of happening on the east coast, especially in Florida with, with, with hurricanes, You Know, and they're interlinked 'cause it all, they all feed back at the same reinsurance pool. They're not, these aren't segregated pools for the most part. They're all coming back to the same reinsurance underwriters. So they're all exposed to the same risk. And we are approaching a crisis point where almost oh eight style real estate crisis because a third of America lives in wildfire prone areas. And a lot of Americans live in hurricane prone southeast. But think about wildfires, far bigger impact than the southeast hurricanes. And not to belittle it at all, but a a lot more people live west of the Mississippi than live in that kind of gulf corner.


Yeah, Yeah. I mean I know they got a lot of friends down in Florida. I moved up here from Florida. I mean some of these, I think their, their insurance went up 40%. Yes, 40%. And that's not done going up. That's just, that's just a short trend line. Some of 'em can't even get insured. Yes. Depending on where the, where the flood zones are. But, and If you already own a house, maybe you can keep your mortgage, but you almost can never get a new mortgage. If you can't get insurance, they require it. Yeah. So if you're trying to buy a home and you can't get in hurricane or fire coverage, you may not be able to buy a home. Yeah. So I mean is it, is it kind of moving into insurance?


I wanted to go back. I mean, I do believe there is, we'll, we'll hit on the insurance in a minute, but I, I believe there is proof they Caught that one guy with the blow that he was, he was biking off going behind the house with a blow torch. I I have no doubt some of these, again, there's multiple fires. We're definitely human started, no question. Now my, I guess the point is I don't know if they're coordinated. I dunno if there's some crazy meth head who's off his rocker who's just feels like doing it. 'cause that that has happened several times where just some jackass who's literally out of his mind, or if it's somebody who's malicious or if it's a coordinated attack, because Al-Qaeda did have a plan to basically cripple the American West coast. They wanted to start fires basically from southern California to Washington all along the Pacific Coast Highway essentially.


And just create a, a firestorm in the western US to cripple us. And as we're seeing right now, it would've worked. How would they, I mean, how, how would they even find out what caused this? Will they, they Will, I I, I mean, I don't know for sure. I mean, it sounds like the, You know, the, the emergency response stuff in, in LA hasn't been up to par. So I, I don't know, but I assume they will. And we'll probably find that some of it was, was genuine. Let's talk California policies. You know, the campfire in paradise was caused by a a, a PG and e gas line Pacific Gas Electric, I'm sorry, a power line that shorted out start of the fire.


I think some of these were intentional arson. Some of them may be utility lines, but You know, pg e was blamed as a big evil American corporation. These guys didn't maintain their power lines, their corporate greed. And they got multi-billion dollar judgment that they got taken to court, basically put outta business. And, and You know, you owe all these people billions of dollars for your failures. Fair. Gotta hold people accountable. I'm not afraid of accountability at all. But the reason pg e's infrastructure and their power lines was so old and faulty, the reason they didn't pay to upgrade it was because the state of California had forced them to reinvest all of their income into solar power, wind power and DEI and wasn't allowing them to make the necessary upgrades to their traditional fossil fuel oriented power infrastructure.


And for years, management was saying we need to upgrade these century old transmission lines 'cause they're a fire threat. We need to be able to cut trees down around the power lines so they don't start them on fire. And of course, what the state of California say, no, you can't cut trees down. Cutting trees down is bad. We don't do that in California. You can't cut trees down all by the way, we're not letting you spend any more money on these power lines. 'cause they carry dirty power. And dirty power is bad for mother nature and it's bad for the world. So instead you're gonna take that money, you want to fix your old dirty power lines. You're gonna build wind turbines and over the objections of, of management. That's what happened. And the impacts we feel now.


And, and it's no different that there's a, there's a great science experiment you can do with, with somebody when they ask about, You know, aero firefighting, which obviously you're seeing a display of that here in, in California right now, the big yellow planes that come in and scoop the water. That, that's why I fly. That's what our company would operate everywhere else in the world. When those planes drop water on fire, You know, you take a glass and you fill it with a carbonated beverage and you pour it in quick, it fills, You know, you maybe pour three ounces and the whole cup's full of carbonation. You pour steel water under your glass. It only however much you pour is how much you fill every other country in the world. When you see those water bombers fly in, they use what's called water additives.


So you scoop the water out of the ocean out of a lake reservoir, you add in GL based additives, foam add whatever it is, retardant based solutions and increases the effectiveness of that water drops on the fire by five to six x three to four x depending on the, but You know, significantly. And 'cause when it drops on the fire, it foams up and suffocates the fire. But here in America we don't do that because we're not allowed because that foam might harm the white-tailed deer population or the Eurasian snail fish or the smelt or the goldfish. Well we don't want that stuff supported in our forest, so that's bad. We don't like that's throughout the entire us. Yes, you are prohibited, not like, you're not encouraged not to do it.


You are prohibited from putting those things in your airplanes. It's like if the rest of the world fights this way because it's more effective now you're forcing it. It's like if you were deployed overseas and they said, no, you can't carry that ar it's too effective. And there might be a straight bullet to hit a civilian. You can only carry your side up on this department deployment. Geez. And that's that, that's the type of rules. I mean there's many that we can go on for hours about all these different codes and regulations that restrict effective firefighting of wildland fires. But that's just one example of one thing we do in America. And You know, it's wrongheaded environmental policies that are having these impacts. And we're seeing the thing about these fires, whether you're a billionaire, a millionaire, an actor, or a homeless guy, they affect you just the same.


It doesn't give a shit who you are. It's burning your community down and, and you better get the hell out of the way. And we're seeing everyone on your, on their phones. What the hell? How could this happen? And I pay the highest taxes on la. We have the more rules than anybody, or we're doing more climate crap here than anywhere. And guess what? Our city's the one burning down. And You know, sometimes you'll be fighting a fire and You know, you'll, you'll wanna pull water from a reservoir to go fight the fire. And time is critical, as I mentioned in a fire, initial attack. Get there fast. Well, you have a reservoir right next to the fire. Your turn time could be one minute, two minute, three minutes, five minutes, Nope. Can't use this reservoir. There's, there's an endangered goldfish that lives there.


You need to go to that reservoir 20 miles away. Is that what happened in, in La Abs? This happens all over California. I personally, personally as recently like September, that can't go on that body of water. You gotta go over to that one and now your turn time instead of two minutes is 20 minutes. It doesn't sound like a big deal until you realize over the course of a day you are decreasing the effectiveness of that asset by 10 x 10 times. And oh by the way, because you haven't put that foam in the water now, add a five x on that. So now we're at 50 times less effective than we could be holy. And if you're someone sitting there whose house is about to burn down and you're like, Hey, over here, and the plane flies over your head, or the helicopter flies over your head and you're like, oh, sorry.


The the goldfish pond can't use that. We gotta go 20 miles away. We'll see you in 20 minutes. And you're like, my, this, this fire is spreading at two football fields a second. And now it's 20 minutes away to get air support. Imagine being pinned down on a valley in Afghanistan, being told, sorry, the aircraft is available, but because of the environmental impact of the bomb, he's gonna drop. You. Just keep holding on that firefight for another half hour and we're gonna find a green bomb for you because the dirty bomb's too dirty. Wow. And, and that's what these people are. And our, and our brave wildland firefighting crews who are underpaid, they don't get medical benefits, they don't get VA benefits, they don't get taken care of. They're on the ground. As you see these pictures, soot covered faces underpaid, hacking away chainsaws and, and, and Pulaski tools without the air support they need.


And we don't have enough of 'em. So, You know, WW we will spend billions of dollars on protecting other countries. Yeah, I was gonna get to that. In our own country, we can't protect our own people. And, and that comes back to America first. Be like, oh, you know, there's all America. First means is we, we owe it to our people to protect them. I mean, that, that's the first duty of Maslow's hierarchy of needs. That's the first duty of government is to protect the safety of its people. It's just like being a parent. You know, there's a lot of things you need to do as a parent. You gotta educate your kids, wanna make sure they're well rounded, make sure they're humble, make sure they, they're God fearing and, and respectful. And that's all good. But guess what, the first thing you do is make sure they're safe.


The first thing a parent does is make sure the children are safe. The first thing our government should do before they worry about transgender education, before they worry about welfare payments, before they worry about, You know, utilities, before they worry about any other function, it's, are our people safe? And right now, as we're seeing, You know, the largest or the second largest, I, It's a big one. Yeah. One of our biggest cities That's a beacon of the American dream is not safe. I just, I can't. So, so they put a, a fish or lettuce, or the spotted owl, or whatever the hell it was.


They put that, they put that above human life. And, and I think And that's, that's, that's a federal law. That's not a California law. Yeah. It's all the above. So, and here's the challenging part of this wild land paradigm is it is, it is so insidious around us. And, and I wanna be clear, there's no mastermind, there's no George Soros back there. Like, I'm gonna burn down America and here's how we're gonna do it. This is just the accumulation of decades of bad policy, just bad policy force management. At one point, the US Forest Service was the largest percentage wise contributor to the US National Treasury.


It was a profitable agency. That's an oxymoron. I mean, executive branch agents, you don't earn a profit. You are a cost center. By definition, if the government was a business or executive branch, agencies are cost centers. We raise money from taxes, tariffs, revenue, and then we spend it and our executive agencies to provide services to our people. By definition, they're not really supposed to generate revenue, but the Forest Service would through timber leases. That's why it's some of the Department of Agriculture, the US Forest Service sits under USDA, which is weird. The forest service should be under us, DOI by modern kind of cognitive standards. But because it was a harvestable commodity product, they put it under US Department of Agriculture. Well, the USDA is worried about corn subsidies and soybean prices and egg exports around the world.


I mean, forests are, are tiny pimple on the ass of what USDA does every day. It's not core to their mission. And as a result, what's happened is the environmental lobbying groups and the very litigious environment that we now have has shut down American timber industry. And now we buy our timber from Canada and Chile and everywhere else. But we don't grow timber here in America anymore. Because it's impossible almost to have a business model that works with American timber. I mean, in Montana. And this connects to fire. I'll, I'll circle back here to explain why this is important. There used to be 36 timber mills in the state of Montana. Important jobs for these small towns like Libby and Troy and Columbia Falls, where every town would be surrounded by big, beautiful forests.


They'd bring the logs in, build timber to build American homes with American jobs with American trees. And over the years, as the environmental groups partnered with enviros in government, who were active in wanting to shut down the timber industry, who then partnered with massive donors to conserve and protect wildland, they started shutting down massive swaths of our country. I mean, Biden just did a massive grab for national, national protected wildlife refuge land. Obama did 'em all over the place where they're just grabbing millions of acres saying, boom, wilderness National Monument, national Monument.


Can't touch this, can't touch that. And You know, the impacts of that somewhere are economic. We can't drill in those areas anymore for oil and gas. We can't pull lithium outta the ground. One of the largest lithium deposits in the world is on DOI land BLM land in Nevada where that, that could be like they're saying hundreds of billions of dollars of lithium that could go right into the National Treasury, pay off national debt. And we're not touching it because we gotta, we can't pull things outta the ground. So how this relates to wildfires is you have massively overgrown forest.


Forest is supposed to burn every few years. That's part of the ecosystem. And if they're not gonna burn, we need to be, be thinning them with logging like we did for centuries here. Well, that industry was basically shut down in America 30 years ago. It's basically been litigated out of existence. So now you have these wildlife areas where you can't build roads, you can't cut a tree down, and you can't run any kind of utilities 'cause they're wilderness. They have to be left exactly as they are. Well, what happens is you get a buildup of, of fuel loading. And if you haven't spent time in the forest of the Western us, the vast majority of 'em, you can't walk off. If there is a trail, you can't walk off the trail. 'cause there's 6, 8, 10 feet of deadfall there.


It's largely inaccessible. Well, when that fire comes through, a natural fire is supposed to burn through the floor of the forest and rejuvenate, you know, kill the saplings, burn through the underbrush, and rejuvenate, bring nitrogen back to the soil. Now with so much fuel loading there, and that fire comes through, it burns about 10 times hotter than it's supposed to. And it, it scorches the ecosystem destroys it. And that fire is hotter and stronger than we were able to fight. And those type of environmental protection policies, wilderness policies, don't touch this land. Don't build a road there. Build up and make it so we can't fight fire in these parts of the country.


So fixing this fire issue means we need to bring back common sense public lands management. Because most of these lands that are mismanaged, the vast majority of 'em are public. They're owned by the federal government. Well I should say they're owned by the American people. They're public. But a long time ago, the concept that the American people control these lands left. Now the governments runs these lands and they, and it's run by environmentalist groups. It's run by the enviro lobby. It's run by environmental lawyers who injunct every single decision. You try to put foam in an airplane tank and say, we need to boom, they'll injun that. They're waiting like sniper shot. You poke your head up, boom. Hey, we wanna start logging this 600 AC acres section.


Boom. No, we're gonna sue you for that. Hey, we wanna start mining. No, boom. Hey, we wanna build a road here. No, Sue, you're in violating this wilderness code. And they, they litigate you out of existence. Hey, we want to use this reservoir to fill our fire hydrants. No, boom. That, that's an endangered species, classified body of water, can't touch it. And then you think about these fire hydrants going dry in la there's a lot of reasons why. But is That, is that, I wanted to ask you that, is that true that the, that there was no water or that A, a lot of the fire hydrants were, were running dry and a lot of reasons for it. Some of it was power was shut down. And, and obviously if you're up higher elevation, like if you're on a promontory out there, you need electric pump pressure to get those, those hydrants full.


Well, when they shut power down, that's not happening. Number one. Number two, I mean, what's a, what do you think a fire hydrant built for? I mean, what do you have a fire hydrant on the street corner? It's for a house fire. Right? I mean, it's for one firetruck to pull up, hook up his hose and spray down the house. So that's what our fire hydrants are designed to do. Again, urban firefighting. Our whole cities are planning for urban firefighting. Pull the firetruck up, plug the hose in, spray the house. Now imagine turning every single fire hydrant on in the city to fight 5,000 house fires at once. Shit, The water pressure's not there for that. It's like turning every shower in your house on at once and every sink on and flush every toilet and turn your washing machine and your dish washer on.


You probably don't have enough water pressure anymore to keep all that running. So when you turn every fire hydrant, plus every citizen's got their garden hose on pretty soon. I mean, the system is taxed beyond what it's designed to have. So we're in a great fire period like we were over a hundred years ago when we have now had many US cities wiped off the map. Literally. I mean, Lehan is gone. Parts of LA are gone. Paradise California is gone. It's about time. We realize we can't keep doing this.


So who's, You know, at the very beginning of this interview, we talked about holding government accountable. Yes. So for the LA wildfires, who needs to be held accountable? Is it Gavin Newsom? Is that there's a lot of talk about the, the, the three, it sounds like the three top people in charge of the fire departments. Hmm. And that in, in, in LA or DEI types. I mean, who, who needs to be held accountable there? Or is it the federal government? All the above. And, and the best way to hold people accountable is elections.


You know, California's gotta wake up. How, why do you keep voting for these people? I don't know. I mean, shit. Gavin Newsom got recalled and they put 'em right back in there. Yes. But you know, I mean, I, I don't know why this is, I don't, maybe they, I don't, I don't, I I just, I can't wrap my head around it. I, I, California just doesn't make any damn sense to me. But I mean, so let's talk about the But accountability, it's important. Let's, let's, I want a quick hit on that because accountability matters. And, and there is, as Pete he says, said in his interview yesterday or as, as, as a hearing, you know, if you lose your rifle as a soldier, you're crucified.


If you lose a war as a general, nobody cares. And that same paradigm holds true in wildfire. When these things happen, go through all these disastrous, huge wildfires and go find the chain of command for each of 'em. Whether it's a federal agency or a state. You're very rarely gonna find, if ever, that the, after these fires, after these disasters happen, after it, it'll take four or five days to dispatch aircraft to go fight a fire. Why did that take so long? What happened guys? Well, well, the system, You know, and how technical do you want to get on some of this stuff? 'cause I mean, there, there, there's some interesting technicalities.


But I don't wanna get too deep with that Question. I think, I think, I think what I'm kind of leaning towards is let's, let's go down the, let's just go down the chain of command here, or let's go down the chain. Yeah. Let's, who at the federal government needs to be held accountable? How can, how can all these places that are having these wildfires, Hawaii, Texas, yeah. New Jersey, California, Washington, Oregon. How, how do they hold the federal government accountable? And who and why, why, why? Yep. So he here is, now you are getting to the crux of the issue with wildfire. Why it's such a big problem and why we have not fixed it.


Because there is nobody accountable. There is not a single confirmed or appointed position in the US government that is accountable for wildfire. Not a single one. Not a single one. Now, there are employees down the chain who, You know, are career GS employees that have responsibility, but it's not like the military where boom, it goes up. Secretary of Defense, you are responsible. Fix this shit now. Or you're gone. There is no train derails. Director of transportation, get your ass in here, wire are our bridges collapsing. Fix it. Or you're gone.


Planes are crashing. FAA director, get your ass in here. If you don't have doors, stop falling off Boeing planes. You're gone. NASA director challenger just exploded. Why the fuck are a rocket booster's not, what's up with the O-rings? Fix it. Or you're gone. There is nobody in the US government that can, can be held accountable. So there needs to be some type of in, in cross study point D Because how it works. Any a new administration that that Yes. Some kind of director of wildfire E Exactly. And I'm not giving, I I'm, I'm not criticizing anybody in the current government. I'm just stating a fact that there's no one to bring in.


Even if you wanted to, if Trump said, find, get that guy in who, who's our wildfire guy, they'd be like, oh, we don't have one. How do we not have one? Cities are burning down millions of acres burning. What do you mean we don't have one? They'd be like, well, we're going through the paperwork, sir. It doesn't appear we have anybody responsible for it. And that's true. We don't. Now how wild land fire responsibility is dictated is whose land it is. And here's part of the reason that we're delayed when we dispatch our aircraft or helicopters or ground crews, is the first thing that happens when a fire starts. It depends on where, but generally they pull out the land map and they figure out whose land is it. And they will literally argue over whose responsibility the fire is because it comes out of whoever's budget always comes back to money.


Right? This is BLM land, that's department material. This is BIA land, this is state park land. This is state trust land. This is county land, this is private land. And they'll look at the checkerboard map, which is what land looks like when you look at land ownership map in the western us, the checkerboard. And they'll basically argue over whose responsibility it is and what we need to do. I i is crosscut, it's like nine 11 when they said, who the hell knew this was coming and everyone got in the room. No one's putting the intelligence together from law enforcement to military to the intelligence committee to say, we better start talking. And in the wildfire world, there is no, there is no cross lateral communication that ensures that there's one responsible organization.


So there needs to be some type of a committee or an appointee. Yeah. What That, that, that is created To a hundred percent. And that person, the people that oversee wildland firefighting, who, who they exist under are not, they're, they're farmers, they're bureaucrats, they're administrators, they're not bad people, but they are not an emergency response organization. They are not, it, it's like taking a SEAL team and putting it under the parks and rec department. Like we have smoke jumpers and hot shots and water bomber pilots and hell attack crews and awesome guys that are, are, are alpha alpha dudes and women like us who are tough. They go through tough training, they're awesome servants for their country, but then they work in an environment that's, it's not an agency fit for purpose.


You know, you and I always worked, at least at some point up the chain. We had meat eaters up there deciding whether we were gonna go kill the bad guys or not. That is not the case in this community. You know, eventually the Department of Agriculture, the forest service guys are, You know, 15 layers of grain traders and commodity crop, You know, forecasters and administrators and the DOI, it's a little bit better. They're a little bit of a thinner bureaucracy. But firefighters are not led by other firefighters and the decisions are not made about emergency response. They're made with a risk risk management outlook and a financial management outlook. How do we do this cheaper? How do we keep our people safe? Not how do I send a team in there to save this town and save this community?


So how do, I mean, how do, how do we start this? I mean, being, and you just started the conversation and, you know, hopefully it spreads. But I mean, how, how does this, how does this, I mean, how, how would that be implemented? Is that, would that be implemented by the president? Would that be I by Congress and then going to the Senate? I mean both. Yeah. How is that implement? It's gotta be both. Again, the, one of the beautiful things about America is our republic. How our founders who are so wise designed an amazing form of government. It's not perfect, but it works better than anything else in the world. And dual track it. So the hundred 19th congress has to bring in wildfire accountability. This disaster is the wake up call we've all been warning about for years that we are not ready.


We need to fix this. They need to bring in a real solution, not just more of these stupid hearings and commissions where everyone talks and nothing happens. They need to create a real legislative plan to actually create a national wildland firefighting service task force, accountable commission accountable agency that says we are going to be the accountable conduit for all firefighting President Trump. And the executive branch should say, I'm, I'm gonna point a wildfires RA wildfire director call whatever the hell you want. But I want one guy from the executive branch to support our legislation over here as they craft this, to make sure that we build a single point of contact and a single line of accountability so we can fight these fires because it cross cuts.


So the EPA, we've gotta get the EP outta the way so we can manage the forest and we can not have to be not scooping water from places. We should be scooping water. We need to get the Forest service on board, the Department of Interior on board. We need to get state foresters and State Department of Land natural resource on board the FAA who governs aviation. They've gotta make sure they craft a specific far so that aircraft that fight fires don't have to go through these like circular carding inspection routines that take them so far from airworthiness in the mission that it, it wastes time and grounds capable aircraft. Right now, our wildfire fighting spectrum is spread across so many agencies that there's no accountability.


It's impossible to hold 'em accountable. So we need a, we need a committee or an appointee with bilateral communication from all these other organizations and agencies. Yep. Let's move to the, let's move to the state level. California. Yep. Governor Newsom, is he held accountable? Does he need to be held accountable? Yeah. Does he have, I mean, You know, we talk about, You know, why does this guy keep getting voted in? I mean, I think we need to educate on the discrepancies. Yes. If there are any that he needs to be held accountable for. I mean, they held pg e accountable for billions of dollars for what they call gross negligence in the maintenance of their transmission lines. That started the campfire that, that destroyed paradise killed a hundred people.


I believe there should be legal repercussions for mismanagement. You know, I, I believe there should be for city officials, county officials, state officials that said, Hey, you ignored the warning signs. This wind event was forecasted that came through. Yes, fires can start, but the conditions the fires start in are, will impact their behavior. And aggressive fast moving fire behavior will be driven, especially in no, that type of fuel, which is the Southern California, the Santa Ana winds come in, it's well known in California. My my wife's family farm is, is is that area? It's up north of Camp Pendleton area or, yeah.


And and they, they up here by Camarillo, it's a fruit farm. She has two brothers in Down syndrome and they use their, their farm as a, it's all down syndrome. Kids work on there. And it's a way to keep them engaged and make them part of a, a something. It's, it's really special spot. And it was destroyed in November by, by a wildfire. So again, this is a very personal issue. Yeah. For me, her parents and kids and brothers got out. But, You know, it was a close call. But those fires moved so fast and this wind event was forecasted and there should have been dozens of planes in helicopters on standby ready to go. They should have had evacuation plans already communicated in place very clearly. They should have had firefighting crews already deployed, ready to go.


And they didn't. What about the Reservoirs? Reservoirs could, Could, could, could Gavin Newsom have overridden that and said no pull from that reservoir right there? I don't know if he, I don't know the legality, but he certainly should have. I mean, that's what you do as a leader. You make tough decisions. Well, I can't violate this record. I can, You know, damn well, I mean, you led oversee that. All right. I know this is a rule, but guess what? People are dying. I'm gonna break that rule right now and I'll deal with the consequences later. You know, if I have to drain this reservoir that's being reserved for some water reclamation project, sorry man. I got people dying and homes burning. We're gonna use that water and we'll deal with it later.


And You know, the water management is, is tough. I mean, this is also a consequence of we built, we're inhabiting areas that, You know, we're not designed to be inhabited by 15 million people. You know, they, they just were not, should He have allocated more funds to Oh yeah. I mean him and Karen Bass cut fire funding. You know, and, and it's funny, you know, again, I go back to the Hegseth hearing 'cause it was just recently, You know, the, the Democrats were very focused on Pete's ability to fiscally manage an organization. You know, it's amazing the Democrats all of a sudden worry about fiscal management. You know, they've never cared before. And of course in California, You know, they're constantly spending themselves into oblivion.


Yet they wanted to cut firefighter funding and they wanted to cut funding for the wild wildland resilience firefighting apparatus, which they did. They cut that funding. So they, they wanna spend more and more money on homeless camp restoration. They wanna dump billions into homeless issues. Rehabilitation free needles for drug addicts. Well that's creating a whole business. Yeah. I mean, we know why that's happening. Right. That's creating an entire business to house homelessness. Yes. It's a industrial complex. Yeah. But I mean, geez. And, and, and folks say, well we don't have the funding for this to fight fires. You know, that costs money.


Well this is now the most expensive disaster in American history. We're we're spending billions upon billions recovering from these fires. And You know, there are estimates out there, You know, that 20 to 30,000 Americans a year die from wildfire related smoke inhalation. You know, and if you're in a, if you're in a valley out in the western US breathing that smoke choked air all day every day, it's not good for you. How about the, You know, we talked about arson earlier. You know, did, had there been, I mean California I believe was, there were a big defund, the police Absolutely.


State. Correct. And so had there been more police, maybe they could have, You know, mitigated some of the arson, some of the stuff that we saw going on. People post some videos on X. Do you think that had anything to do with any of this as well? Oh, I'm sure it did. I mean it's, it's when you have abject lawlessness going on in the streets, You know, when what we reward bad behavior and punish good behavior. You know, when Daniel Penley gets arrested and tried and carre and feathered for rescuing people. Yeah. People, You know, people are afraid to step up. There was that video of the citizens intercepting the guy with the blowtorch in their neighborhood a couple days ago, worried he was gonna start another fire.


And you could tell they were hesitant to take this guy down because, You know, they see what happens. Eventually they finally did. 'cause clearly they saw what he was about to do. But, You know, people are afraid to, to get involved now, rightfully so. They're saying, well I don't want to go, I don't wanna stick myself into a situation where I might be the next Daniel Penny. So that falls on law enforcement who as we well know, they've been, You know, they've been treated so poorly in places like California these past few years that, You know, they're so demoralized. They cut their legs right out from up. Yeah. And God bless those guys and girls for doing what they're doing. Thank God they're out there. But man, it's tough. Ton know. No one's got your back.


Anything else at the state level that could have gone, that could have gone different? Absolutely. I mean, Cal Fire actually is a really good organization. Especially, You know, just, I mean, no one's perfect. There's certainly things that, that I'm sure they can and could have done better. But, You know, they do a lot with a little, but they should have had more assets on contract. That's not really a decision they can make. That's a decision that's gonna come from obviously the state level. Cal Fire works for the state, but You know, they have access to emergency funding. But You know, at the state level, they have to be giving the directives to Cal fire. Listen, you need to have all the resources required to be able to respond to fires immediately.


You know, California had already lost a whole community in 20 17, 18. We had those fires all over this year in Nevada front. And obviously campfire destroyed Paradise, California. You know, we had some devastating fires near Trucky. Like, this isn't new for California, they need to be ready for this. And they weren't. Let's move to the, to the local level. Yeah. Fire chiefs. What, how did the, what do, what do we need to hold them accountable for? So I, in LA specifically, I don't know these people personally, but obviously we, we've seen the, the recruiting videos and the priorities. I mean, what does leadership come down to? I mean, it comes down to prioritize and execute.


One, one of our, my SEAL team leaders when I was going through junior officer training, You know, had had a great piece of advice that he right in the windshield of is hum in Iraq. You know, prioritize and execute. 'cause as a leader, especially in emergency management situations, whether it's combat, whether it's fire, you're almost always gonna have more things to do than you have time to do 'em. So the most important thing of a leader, the most important thing for a leader to do, crystallize the mission and then prioritize and execute tasks that support the mission outcome that you are expecting or you've been directed to achieve. And as a firefighting organization, your sole mission is to put out fires, save lives, and protect your community.


It's not to create firefighters that look like the people around them. It's not to create equity in the fire department. It's just not, that's a characteristic, not a mission. The mission is to save people's lives. To have a department that looks like the people you're serving. That's a characteristic. And if you want to have a characteristic, that's fine. I'm not criticizing, but if that characteristic interferes with the mission, you're wrong. And this leadership was wrong because they were focused and apparently his fire chief was making like $400,000 a year. Which I did a little bit of research on that. I guess that's fairly normal for firefighter chief salaries in California.


Like they make three to $400,000 a year, which, hey, I more power to you. We should be paying for responders. You know? But if you're getting paid that much money, you better be goddamn good at your job because that's a lot of money. Yeah, yeah. Do you see, I mean, do you see any similarities, similarities between the, the LA fires and what happened in Maui? Absolutely. The lay of initial attack. So it is absolutely critical that we get there early and aggressively when these fires start. And with Maui, that was a transmission line start also.


That's a very common cause of these urban interface fires. And there was no aerial response. Effectively nothing. And I say I keep going back to air, not just 'cause that's what I used to do, but I mean, that's how you fight a wildfire early. Because by definition, wildfires are usually up in the hinterland up in the hills. It will take time to get enough ground crew there to have effectively fight the fire. Usually. Now maybe you can get a hand crew out there quick to, You know, if it's a quick, you know, hotspot and they contain it, great. But more than likely they're gonna get there. And what they're gonna do is, is maybe start building a defensive fire line. Maybe they'll start getting people evacuated. They might, you know, get a heel in place to start, you know, get an anchor in place to start, You know, flanking out to one end or the other j just to get a fire break.


But they're gonna depend on aircraft being there quickly to get that thing under control and quickly means like 20 minutes, 30 minutes, hour, two hours. In Maui there was zero response in California. They only had like two planes nearby ready to launch in these fires right away. Geez, geez. No high winds conditions. But that's the job, You know, and a lot of it's risk. They say, well, it's too risky to fly. Well, that's the mission guys. I mean, there's risk in a seal mission, there's risk anywhere. And sometimes you don't wanna take undue risk, but when you're watching hundreds of homes burn people being burned alive, like that's a time you're at maximum risk.


Geez. Don't sit on the ground. Go fly. What about, you Know, the, the, you know, a little bit different switching gears here, but we're seeing a lot of, I mean, from what I think the, the, the rent, You know, we're kind of moving into relief here and we're seeing a lot of price gouging with, with rents in California. We have thousands and thousands of people that are now displaced. Their, their homes have burned to the ground. And, and of course now you see rent prices going up. People can't afford to, to rent anything now. I mean, how, how do we mitigate that?


Well, first of all, having plans in place ahead of time so it's not scramble and, You know, grab whatever you can second, you remember North Carolina, You know, when they were trying to get hotel rooms and they couldn't, 'cause all the FEMA employees had come to town and FEMA had soaked up all the hotel rooms and then the evacuees couldn't find any Because people are freezing to death, right? Yes. And they're like, oh, well, sorry, this hotel's full. 'cause the FEMA people came down from like DC or wherever and, and they're in the hotel rooms working on their laptops. Well get 'em the hell outta here, send 'em back to their home office. So these evacuees have have a roof over their head, a military bases.


We have a lot of military bases in California and they're probably not being utilized as, You know, a lot of these big bases training Fort Irwin, 29 palms, like those are training bases where like a whole regiment of guys will go out and train, open 'em up, open those barracks up, put up those wall tents, You know, get 'em out there. Like we have giant bases out there with infrastructure, with showers. I mean, it's not permanent, but it's somewhere for them to go temporarily while we recover this. Now of course, once they start coming back in and finding permanent housing, I mean we're, we're, we're gonna be tens of thousands of houses down. I mean, this is, this is the true truth bomb. I think that's really gonna hurt everyone on the back end of this crisis is the housing impact.


I mean, it's structural nationally. 'cause this will affect home insurance rates all over the country. It's not just gonna be localized to la This will have a national impact. What about, You know, just natural disaster relief or, or it just, any disaster relief? I mean, You know, we see billions and billions of dollars going to Ukraine, going to Israel. What about our people? Yeah. You know, I mean, like I said, people are freezing to death in North Carolina that, that lost their homes in that Hurricane Maui still a disaster now LA a disaster.


I mean, we're just, it, it just, I mean, I think everybody sees it. Yeah. If they see all of our money, what appears to be all of our money getting shipped the Taliban. Yeah. You know, we're funding the Taliban upwards of a billion dollars a year. Ukraine, like I said, all all these different Yeah. We're, we're, we're just, we're exporting all of our money overseas to help problems that maybe we should or should not be involved in. But I mean, why are we not prioritizing American people and, and rebuilding these cities and getting these people out of the freezing cold that lost their home six months ago.


And Yeah. You know, I mean, how do we, how do we, how do we fix that? Ev everybody in the country's frustrated about that. Yeah. And they should be again, I mean, I talked about America first earlier and, and I think, You know, that that phrase and that concept are, are so unfairly portrayed by so many parts of the American media and the American mainstream. You know, the people that read The Atlantic every day and the New Yorker and the New York Times, You know, oh, America first, it's this low brow isolationism. Like no, it's not. It's simply saying, it's about time we put our people and our communities first before we send $50 billion to another country. We better make damn well assure that those people that lost their homes in North Carolina during a once in a century storm are not out freezing to death while we're sending the money elsewhere.


Really. It's Just, it's just good for, it's just, it's good for everything. It creates business, it creates jobs. It, You know, I mean, it's just pouring money back into our own economy to rebuild what was destroyed. And, and I just, I I just cannot wrap my head rather than just shipping it off and not saying it ever again. You know, it, how does that conversation start? Where does it start? I mean, I think it starts in the halls of our elected leadership. I it has to, and I think it has. I mean, that conversation happened. The American people spoke on November 5th. They, they just did. And they said decisively, we're tired of that paradigm. We're tired of seeing our money go everywhere else.


We're not isolationists. We don't hate other countries. We're simply saying, You know what, if we got a dollar to spend, we better damn well spend it hearing our people first and take care of our people before we send it somewhere else. You know, what are the countries sending money to us to keep us afloat? You know, nobody, we've been doing it for the rest of the world since, for, You know, 80 years since the end of World War ii, the entire, we've been the tent pole of the free world. And I'm proud to be, and I think we should continue to be, but the world's also evolved since then. You know, we talk about, You know, the America first construct and we talk about NATO and, and our allies there. Yeah, there are allies and we should be there for 'em just like they were for us in, in, in Afghanistan. But they've also had 75 years to recover from the economic s in World War ii.


They should be able to defend themselves, pay for their own defense outta their own GDP and deal with their own regional issues. Now, I mean, they've had 75 years of economic training wheels to get back on their feet. We got some stuff we gotta deal with here on our own, You know, so, so these communities deserve investment from, from their own government before it goes somewhere else. And that's not isolationism, that's not nationalism or extremism. That's just common sense. And like that, that's what You know, again, I'd never run anything before until 2024. And my old campaign was based on common sense. And common sense means that most Americans want secure borders, safe streets, cheap gas cops, good criminals are bad, boys are boys, girls are girls.


Pretty straightforward things. And it's not too much for us to ask for those from our government. So, So I, I agree with you completely that these, these disasters, when they come in, we need to be prepared for them ahead of time. We know when hurricane's coming, we know it's coming for weeks. It's not a, it's not a secret for the most part. I think State of Florida has done a pretty darn good job with that. And I, I actually think the federal government has gotten pretty good at their hurricane. I mean, it's never perfect. Obviously no one was ready in North Carolina. They were ready in Florida and Louisiana, but they weren't ready up in the Appalachians. We know that we weren't ready in California and California's got no excuse not to be ready for this. I mean, they are seeing major fires every single year. There's no excuse for the complete lack of preparedness that we saw in la I'm not pointing fingers, I'm just stating a fact.


Mega fires are happening in California every single year. The fact that this response in America's arguably greatest city was just unacceptable. Yeah. Are you gonna be bringing some of this stuff up in the Senate? Absolutely. I already have. We've already got bills drafted to bring common sense to this. Like for one ex, for example, is going to, and oddly enough, Gavin Newsom like tweeted it out the other day, not mine exactly, but almost the same stuff, which was we are going to expedite permitting for timber projects. We are gonna expedite, You know, permits for water use so we don't have a water shortage again. You know, we are gonna make sure we have enough funding to have appropriate levels, You know, of firefighters and aircraft available, which this should have happened years ago because as I said, California gets burned every year.


But we're seeing it in California. We're already introducing bills in the Senate drafting bill language, a lot of partners bipartisan, not my dad, You know, although I may be it. That's great to hear. Yeah. A and you wouldn't believe the, as I started talking about when on CNN and Fox News all over this last week, scrambling from the rooftops about this, I've had so many democrats come up and say, Hey, I wanna work with you on this. This isn't a partisan issue. We need to fix this. We owe this to our people. You know, even Adam Schiff, Adam Schiff, and I probably don't agree on much of anything, but he was one of the first guys to come up to me and say, Hey, I wanna work with you on this because I represent California and, and they expect a solution. And that was before the LA fires.


Good for you. Good for you. It would be great to see some, some proactivity in this country. Yeah. Instead of reactivity. I mean, we're killing ourselves here. We are. We're killing ourselves here. And, and, You know, it's, it's horrible. I hate it. Just hate seeing all these people displaced and people dying and, and, and, and it doesn't seem like much if any relief is going to them. Yeah. And, well, Senator, did we miss anything? Is there anything else you wanna cover? Well, You know, I I, I just think, I think, I really think this is a turning point in America. I think this, this fire, not, not to overstate its significance, but I do think this fire will go on in the history books like the Great Chicago Fire, like Pearl Harbor, like nine 11.


This will be a turning point where, You know, there's those times in history where the trendline history abruptly changes. And I think coming off the election, a historical election, this event is kind of crystallizing a lot of the things that have been going really wrong in this country for a long time. It, it's almost a, a perverse terrible Shakespearean tragedy to say on Display America. Look at how dumb we've been. We've, we've taken the safety and prosperity of our communities and we put them into the backseat of a lot of really bad ideas. And those bad ideas, we're a free country, you're welcome to have 'em.


But when you implement 'em and the impacts of those ideas are so raw and obvious and bad for people, those are the consequences. And you're gonna be held accountable. So I, I think although that this wildfire is in California specific to wildfire, I think the implications are gonna be broader. I think it's gonna help us drive a lot of change. I think it's gonna wake people up that we gotta bring common sense back. We, we gotta bring common sense back to everything we do. Our foreign policy. We don't have to be isolationists, but we should do what's right for us in the world states. That's what every other country in the world does. They make tough decisions that are good for their people or military. Great. You know, my wife's a Marine. I love that we in the military, but guess what?


Same standards, combat lethality number one priority, no questions asked. You know, our government agencies before they worry about, You know, green New deal initiatives and solving world hunger and, and sending, You know, free aid to the rest of the world. Let's make sure our country is strong. And You know what, when we wanna talk about America first in isolation is when, when America's strong, the rest of the world's strong too. You know, the rest of the world needs a strong America. And You know, I've been about 94 countries all over the world. And I was in Israel just about three weeks ago, was proud to be there with our allies, getting the first person view of the war on GA and what's going on and was there when they went into Syria and when, when Assad collapsed, it was a historic time to be there in Israel.


They want a strong America. They don't want us weak sending, You know, spreading ourselves all over the world. Make they want a strong, decisive American. So I think it was a turning point for our country. You know, I never thought I'd be here and never once thought of running for office to be honest with you. But it was it. I saw cobble fall war. You and I fought in, I saw a lot of things happen and said, You know, it's time for a new generation of leaders to stand up and, and that's why I'm here. So we're not gonna sit in our hands and, and and, You know, make YouTube clips every day. We're here to get some work done and hopefully do a job and go back home to my family and my ranch and fly water bombers. 'cause that, that that's what I want to be doing.


But the nation needs us here. You're doing your dirty your duty here, spreading the word to the American people. And I'm doing mine in DC. Good For you. Well, I know we all have big aspirations for you. So Senator Shehe, thanks for coming on and hope to see you again and keep up the good fight. God bless. Let's get her done.


Hi, I am Joe Saul Cihi, host of the Stacking Benjamins podcast. Every week we talk to experts about saving, investing and personal finance trends. Oh, crypto can't do it. You could have done all That research, all the breadcrumbs and thought this company's never going bankrupt Foiled again. You never knew personal finance could be this fun. Throwing down the got one. I'm bringing it today. I'm only gonna be off by six figures instead of seven. Every boy has a dream doc. Every boy has a dream for sure. Stacking benjamins. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.