
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


The NFL playoffs are better with FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 in bonus bets. If you win your first $5 bet FanDuel an official sports book partner of the NFL 21 plus in President Select States. First online real money wager only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan doel.com. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER


Lafe Leif Babin, welcome to the show, man. Thanks For having me, Sean. It's an honor to have you here. It's An honor to be here. Really Is. And man, we've got history together. We went through buds together. I'm sure we'll get into some of that, but man, I just, I've been following you for a long time, man, and, and what you're doing and you just putting down amazing stuff. And I think you're a great example for, for veterans and, and seals coming out of the teams and, and anybody coming outta the military, You know, it's, it's, we both know. It's, it's a, it's a big struggle for a lot of people and to have, You know, good examples to follow and, and, and good leaders like yourself.


It's just, it's really cool, man, what you, what you've accomplished and what you've done after the teams. And, and I just, I wanna commend you for that. Thank you, Sean. That means a ton to me. That means so much coming from you. And I keep, I'm so proud of you and your success and, and the, the powerful voice that you have been for so many great stories and, and how you've represented, You know, as a, as a teammate, how you represent the SEAL teams, how you represent the vet veteran community. And it's, it's great to, to reconnect with. It's been way too long. And, and man, I was thinking about all the history that, that we had through our time together in Buds and, and what a great time that was. Like what a, what an incredible time and, and, and our class and what people went on to do and, and the combat that, that you saw and so many other saw and, and, and we're a part of.


But just can't, can't tell you how excited I'm to be here with you. And I'm, I'm proud of you and all that you're doing and, and honored to call you friend. Thank you brother. Feelings are definitely mutual. And, and like I said, I've been been looking forward to this for a long time. So, but everybody starts off with an introduction here, so lemme get to yours. Leif Babin, former U US Navy SEAL Officer served 13 years in the Navy, nine of which were in the SEAL Teams, several deployments to Iraq with the infamous task unit. Bruiser, you are the co-author of the New York Times bestseller, Extreme Ownership, the number one New York Times bestseller, Extreme Ownership, How U US Navy SEALs Lead and Win, and the number one national bestseller bestseller, The Dichotomy of Leadership with Jocko.


You're the co-founder of Echelon Front and currently serving as president. You're the recipient of the Silver Star, two Bronze Stars and a Purple Heart. You're a husband, a father to three kids, and a Christian man. Am I missing anything? I'm sure I'm missing quite a bit, but No, that's, that's it, man. I think the, being a husband, father, and, and a Christian, I think are the, the most important aspects of that entire bio there. I think those are the most important jobs I've had. And, and I was lucky enough to serve with some incredible people, You know, like yourself going through training and then on the battlefield. And I'm just honored to be able to share some of those lessons learned with, with others around the world and, and to see people that can take and apply some of the leadership lessons that we learned on the battlefield and and their lives.


It's, it's, I'm, I'm humbling and, and mystified about how, You know, just the, the how far and wide that has spread and, and the impact it's had and, and it's, it's, it, it's, it's incredible to me to see that. And, and that's kind of what keeps us going. That's our mission of why, and, and I get to honor the, the teammates that I lost and talk about their legacies and, and all that they did and how they lived. We have a lot to dive into. We have a lot to dive into. And, and so in the interview, I want to, that's what I wanna do. I wanna cover your, your life story, your time in the teams. I mean, I've heard, I wasn't there, but I've heard a lot, a lot of amazing things about tasking a bruiser.


I had, you know, several friends that we went through buds with that wound up serving with you and under you. And, You know, You know, once again, I just, you hear a lot of shit about a lot of people, You know, in the teams and especially officers and man, I've just, you always come like highly recommended and, and your guys just, your guys fucking love you, man. And it's, it's really cool to see that. You don't see that in a lot of, in a lot of platoons, I don't think, not like what I hear about yours. And so I can't wait to dive into that.


But That's the highest compliment you could ever pay me, man. And I, I love, I love those guys. I do anything for them. And it's, it's just to honor my lifetime was to, was to serve, serve with some awesome, awesome teammates. So we have a Patreon, and Patreon is our, they are, it's our subscription network and they are our top supporters. A lot of 'em have been with us since the beginning. And one of the things, I'm proud to be a member. Yeah, Thank you for being a member. They'll, they will be ecstatic to know that you're in there, but, so, You know, we, I offered them the opportunity to ask each guest a question and usually I only pick one.


But for you, there were a lot of good questions. And So I think we're gonna, we might do three here. First question is from Charlton Clark, what are three words that encapsulate a powerful leader and why? Three words that encapsulate a powerful leader and why? I think the three words, the three most powerful words are, it's my fault. It's my fault. And I think as a leader, recognizing that you are responsible for everything that your team does or doesn't do, just as a dad, You know, or, or a a spouse, you're, you're responsible for everything that your family does.


And I think that understanding this concept that we, we call Extreme Ownership, man, our, our ego is such a powerful driver in, in the world, and he wants us to point fingers or cast blame or make excuses or say, Hey, look, look at that guy over there. He's more successful than me. Well, he got lucky, or, You know, he got this break, or he started with some, some advantage that I didn't have instead of actually, and when you do that, what you do is you, you don't actually take action to correct the problem to actually implement solutions to fix that going forward. And So I think when you, when you accept ownership for every single thing that happens in your world, every single thing that Im impacts your mission, then you could actually take action to solve problems, constantly learn, constantly grow, constantly improve.


And I think that that makes all the difference. Man, that's, that's great advice, Thank you Steve and Casey, what is the most significant leadership principle you have seen that is essential, but has problems transitioning or translating from the military to civilian situations? That's a great question. I think initially I thought that this concept that we call cover and move, which is teamwork, right? We're working together as a team. You and I are trying to move across the street under fire. You're laying down suppressive fire, so I can move. And then when I get across the street, I lay down suppressive fire so that, You know, so that, that you can move.


Like we're, we're, we're covering and moving, we're leapfrogging, we're mutually supporting one another. You know, when Jock and I first launched Echelon Front, our leadership consulting company, we went in to talk to, you know, corporate a, a business and, and, and we thought, man, should we even talk about this concept? Like how does that even apply? And, You know, we're talking, this is a gun fighting tactic from the battlefield. And the moment that, You know, the, the senior executive team is telling us how, You know, the sales team and the production team, you know, are, are like, they're not on the same page and they're blaming each other and they point fingers to each other. The marketing team is saying, well, the sales isn't, isn't selling that. And the, the, the sales team is saying, well, marketing's not actually setting us up for success.


You got a bunch of finger pointing, a bunch of blame, blame casting, and we say, okay, let's talk about this concept of cover move. And, and they, they said, Hey, that's, that's exactly what I need you to teach to my team. And so it's really just the recognition that it's not about you, it's about the overall team and the overall mission. And, and that applies, that applies to your family. I mean, when you see a, when you see a, your, your, your wife, You know, or your spouse, it's like struggling or frustrated with the kids or something that's going on in the home front. And you can say, Hey, okay, the school applications are taking a long time and you got a bunch of stuff on your plate. Why, why don't you let me just take that off your plate? Let, I'll, I'll take that. I'll run, I'll run with it. It's, that's, that's cover move in action.


You can actually, you're working together as a team, mutually supporting one another in order to accomplish a mission and win. And, and I think initially we weren't sure how that would apply in the, in the, You know, in the civilian world. And it absolutely does. I think one that's harder to apply is the, the what we call our forced loft combat. And that's decentralized command. Decentralized command is a, You know, the, the obviously something you're familiar with being in the military, it just simply means that everybody leads. And I think a lot of times when you talk to a, a, You know, a, a leader that wants to control everything, they want to do everything, obviously that doesn't work on the battlefield. And that's one of the strength of the SEAL teams and special operations units. You've got thinking shooters.


I mean, even going through buds together, when you are 18 years old, you're a smart, capable, talented individual that just because I'm the officer and I'm in charge, like I, I need you to be able to step up and make calls. I need you to be able to solve problems. I need you to be able to move the team forward in a positive direction. I can't make all the calls. I can't, you know, if you're just sitting and waiting for me to, to tell you what to do, that doesn't work. So that's, that's a concept that's hard to get across in the civilian world. People say, well, I don't trust my team, or, you know, they don't have a strong relationships. So we help them work to build those relationships. That's, it's all based on the strength of relationships. It's built on trust when people understand not just what to do, but why they're doing it. You know, what we call commander's intent in the military, the purpose and the goal and the end state.


But oftentimes now we start to see leaders when in the civilian world, they, they'll release, You know, the authority, they give people ownership and they kinda let people run with stuff. The problem is they get too detached. They get too far away. And, and so it's always a balance, right? It is a dichotomy and you're getting pulled in different directions. So you wanna be detached as a leader. You wanna step back, you wanna let your people step up and lead and, and, and, and run with a plan and execute the plan, give them ownership of the plan. But you can't be so detached. You can't be so detached that you don't know what's going on. You're too attached from the, the challenges of problems. And, and then you can't actually support your team. You can't guide your team. You can't actually step in and help them, You know, if you're not even familiar with the challenges or you can't see when they're getting off track and, and you maybe need to, You know, help redirect 'em When you're talking.


I'm just curious when, this is a personal question when you're talking about, when you're relating stuff back to, You know, to Ramadi or gun fighting scenarios. 'cause it sounds like you guys kind of do that. How, how quick, I mean, how fast do civilian types wrap their head around what you're teaching them when you're using those analogies? Pretty fast. Pretty fast. Usually, I think initially some people will think, I, I guess I can put it this way. The, the biggest excuse is that I think the biggest excuse that any of us give ourselves, me included, is that it's harder for me than it is for other people.


And so, yeah, Sean's maybe experienced some things in the battlefield. Well, how does that really apply to me? Or, Hey, you've done some things in your life and you have some good lessons learned, but that doesn't really apply to me. I have a different situation. Instead of keeping an open mind, instead of saying, oh, what can I learn from Sean? What, what is, what does he experience? How can that apply to my world? What lesson can I take and apply, You know, to that? And, You know, before Jacqueline and I wrote the book, Extreme Ownership, I'd have a lot of that PE businesses would say things like, well, how are you gonna translate this to the business world? I, I, they would say that o over and over again, tell me how you're gonna translate these combat leadership lessons to the business world. And I think once they read Extreme Ownership, they realized that the hardest part about combat leadership is it's not about planning, executing missions under fire.


It's not about maneuvering troops with bullets flying over your head. The hardest part about a combat, the hardest part about combat leadership is getting a diverse group of people with different skill sets and different agendas and different perspectives to work together as a team to accomplish a mission. And obviously that applies to any team in any situation. It's people, it's actually getting people actually work together as a team, put their own egos and our own agendas aside and put the mission first. And I think that's, that's what makes the SEAL teams great. There's certainly the best units in the SEAL Teams have that, right? They, they don't, they put the team and the mission before anything else. And, and it's, it's not about them as an individual, right?


It's about the team. They're gonna sacrifice for the team, they're gonna sacrifice for their brothers on that team. And, and So I think that when people realize that that's how these concepts translate, it's just about getting people to work together as a team to mutually support one another, to accomplish a strategic goal that applies to everything everywhere. Makes a whole lot of sense. That's good to hear that, that they can comprehend it, that that vast that's, that's, that's really cool. We Do have people that push back, You know, they'll, they'll, they'll people we'll come into a company, I was with the company a few weeks ago and they were, there's, there was half the, the, the room of several hundred leaders were were female executives.


And You know, these lady executives, some of 'em were pretty skeptical. They told me afterward, Hey, I was pretty skeptical about how this applies to me, how we were gonna take these, these, You know, leadership concepts and apply them and in in our world. And, and they, they, they came up and said, this absolutely applies. We need more of this. Wow. And So I think once people are just willing to open their mind, they realize that every problem that you face in life is a leadership problem. Your frustrations with your spouse, your frustrations with your kids, your friction points in the community, the, the frustration you have with your boss or the people on your team for not doing what You know want them to do or the, the people outside of your immediate team that you depend on for support.


These are all leadership problems. And I think once we think about those problems as leadership problems, then we can start to apply leadership to the point of friction as the, the, the Marine Corps would say to get those problems solved. But you see that what might seem like a hopeless problem actually is a solvable problem. Interesting. If you're my, my boss and you're micromanaging me and I'm feeling like Sean just needs to get off my back, I'm being micromanaged and that's, I feel like I'm in a hopeless situation. Well, Sean doesn't trust me. What can I do about that? He just needs to back off and, and trust me and let me do my job. But if I realize that actually I control that situation, I take, if I take Extreme Ownership of that situation and realize if you're, if, if what I'm feeling is micromanaged, you're asking me questions about what's going on, well that's 'cause you care about the situation.


If I and you don't have enough information, you need some more information. So I start to take action to push more information your way, to build a better relationship with you, to talk to you about what, what I'm doing and why I'm doing it, to get some guidance on you so that, or to get some guidance from you So I understand the strategic goal and that we can be aligned. And if we do that, then, then I can get that problem solved. All of a sudden you're like, Hey, life, you got it good to go. Let me know how you wanna do this. And so those, those check-ins become less frequent. And so what seems like an impossible situation actually is easily solvable the moment I put my ego in check and the moment I actually take ownership and I start to lead, lead up the chain of command and, and apply leadership to get, to get problem solved. Wow. That's great advice. Thank you.


Thank you.


Hey folks, if you're over 21 and use nicotine or tobacco, I want to tell you about an American company that's making one of the only alternatives to smokeless tobacco. Black buffalo. Black buffalo manufactures and sells long cut and pouches right here in America. The company was built by dippers for dippers. If you're looking for bold flavor, full pouches and a brand that stands for something, check out black buffalo.com to learn more. You can buy online in most states or check their interactive store locator for thousands of locations at world class retailers. Charge ahead in 2025 with the only credible alternative to smokeless tobacco Black Buffalo warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Black Buffalo products are intended for adults age 21 and older who are consumers of nicotine or tobacco.


As you've heard on my show before, there are bad guys out there who want to try to take us down. It's all they think about. And if you ask me, this could happen at any time, will it be terrorists, hackers? We don't know. I just think there's a possibility that something's coming. That's why I'm asking you to get prepared and I'm making it easy. Go right now to prepare with sean.com and you'll see a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply for a hundred dollars off their three month kit provides 2000 calories a day. The amount most people need in an emergency down to the calorie, they've studied survival and know what they're doing. If you're like me and want to help take control of your family's safety, this could be your chance. Go to prepare with sean.com and get $100 off a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply. Prepare with sean.com.


Alright, Leif, one last thing. I got one gift for you, last one I promise. And then we're getting to your story. But just a little something for the ride home. Those are vigilance league gummy bears, so that's Awesome. I've, I've been looking forward to sampling this. Right on. Well now you got some outstanding Man, I appreciate it. Thanks brother. You're welcome. But alright, la we're gonna, like I said, we're gonna go into your life story and I have a feeling this is gonna get really heavy and I think people are gonna get a, a, a lot out of this episode. And So I, once again, I just wanna say that I've really been looking forward to this.


And so let's start, let's start at the beginning. Where did you grow up? I grew up in a small town in southeast Texas in the, the Piney Woods called Woodville, Texas. And it was an awesome community grow up. And it was a small town, about 3000 people. We had two stoplights, we had two dairy queens, which made us, I guess big time at the time. But it, it was, it was just a great place to grow up. You know, there was, if you wanted to go to a fancy restaurant or a movie theater, you had to drive more than an hour away. But I loved it. I mean, I spent all my, my childhood playing in the woods, playing some kind of combat the woods, throwing spears at each other, building forts.


People sometimes ask me if we played cowboys and Indians. We actually were in, we were all Indians all the time. Everyone, no one wanted to be a cowboy. Everyone was an Indian. And, and so we were, we were the Native American warriors out there patrolling the woods, setting booby traps for my mom to like fall in, in our backyard. And we lived in a, in a great neighborhood with just kind of woods behind the neighborhood. And we were just constantly in the woods playing. And, and out from like sunup to, to sundown. My mom had a whistle that she would blow and we had to be within hearing distance of the whistle, which was, I pushed that pretty regularly, but you could hear that whistle would come back. And, and I grew up in a great household. My mom and dad were loving wonderful parents.


They really took their, their job seriously as, as my dad was the, was the town dentist. And he had a busy job. And my mom was a stay-at-home mom and then a part-time school teacher and, and, and school librarian. But they, they really just poured into me and my, my brother and three sisters. We had a big family and they just, they took that as their primary job as, as raising us right up upright, You know, the, the proverbs trained up a child in the way he would go. And when he's older and not apart from that, I think they took that very seriously and, and really set it an amazing example for me, You know, as a, as a, as a mother and dad and, and just were constantly there to support me. And I was my always my dad's like fishing, hunting buddy really.


He had friends that he'd, he'd hunt with, but we spent so much time together on the lake, on the ocean, You know, fishing and hunting out in the woods. And it was an amazing place to grow up. And I didn't fully appreciate the town of Woodville and the community until after I, I left school. I went off to the, to the Naval Academy and, and when I was really deployed overseas, because the amount of care packages that would come in from wow, not only my family, but friends and just members of the community. I mean, it was stuff that we would share with, with the rest of the task in it. 'cause there was so much stuff that was coming in and it just, You know, there were some great communities across the United States, but it was, it was, it was just a, a quantitative measure of, of just how awesome that community was to grow up.


Just how supportive and, and patriotic and, and amazing the, the church was a big part of, of our life growing up. We started going to the first Baptist Church of Woodville when I was in third grade. My dad became a, a deacon there and church was mandatory every Sunday when I started being a little wild man, You know, in my, my high school days and partied a little too hard. My dad would come in and drag me outta bed and saying, you're going to church boy, here we go. So then we get home from church and it was put on your working gloves and working clothes. And I remember trying to push back and saying, Hey dad, aren't we supposed to not work on the Sabbath? And he's, he said, this isn't work, son.


This is fun. Yeah. So we'd be out chainsawing brush and clearing land. We grew up on a, when I was about 12, we moved to some acreage kinda out in the woods. We lived in a neighborhood before that, with woods behind it, like I mentioned. But then it was, it was constantly just working to clear that place and, you know, keep it nice. Build build fence and repair fence and clear brush. And it was just an awesome way to grow up. It was a, it was an amazing community. Five kids, five kids in my family. Where'd you fall on the birth order? I was the second. Second. So my, my sister and I are very close, we're 16 months apart. So she was, she was, she'll never let me live down that she was in those 16 months, I guess she lived a, a lifetime of experience that she's older than Me.


And Then I had a twin brother and sister. My parents weren't have three. They had me and my sister. Then the, the third child was twins. My brother and sister are fraternal twins. And then they had a surprise about eight years after that, my baby sister. Nice, nice. But It was, I was the only one that served the military. I always wanted to do that. My dad had been in the army and then in the Air force and So I spent my first couple years on at Ramstein Air Base. He was stationed there as, as an Air force dentist. And I was the only one that went in the military, my, my five siblings. But for me, that's all I ever wanted to do was be in the military. So What's your dad do in the military? He Was a, he was a, he was in the National Guard and in the army.


And then, and then he was, they, they paid for his dental school and he served his, his I think four years. Wow. After dental school. So he was stationed at Ramstein for I think for three of that. Right on. So my first kind of six months to, we came back when I was three years old. Wow. I lived there too when I was a kid. No kidding. My dad was in the army too as a pharmacist. Wow. Our upbringing is very similar. I never Knew that. That's awesome. Yeah. Been in. Yeah. But are you tight with all your siblings or? I Am. I am. They're, they're, they're, they're a great family and we all keep each other in check and, but yeah, they're, it's, they're a wonderful family.


Everybody's got kids. We have a huge, I think my parents have 17 grandkids. Holy cow. That's awesome. From Like 18 to, You know, two or three I think. That is awesome. So it's A, it's a, it's a pile of cousins every time my kids, you know, go, it's, it's magical. And they scream, why can't we live in Woodville every time we go there, They Get to just run around the woods. That's awesome, man. Does everybody in Texas, Everybody's in Texas. No. Nice, nice, nice. What were, what kind of, were you a star athlete or anything like that? And growing up I played, You know, I played probably like a lot of people, You know, I played soccer and baseball and, and, and bas I was horrible at basketball. I realized that wasn't my sport when I, I I, I got a rebound, I think that was in fourth grade or fifth grade.


And I immediately shot, I shot the, the basket score a goal from the other team. I was like, basketballs not for me. So when I started playing football in seventh grade and tackle football was like everything. And in in small town Texas, it's, you know, we'd have 3000 people in the town and we'd have like, You know, probably nearly that many people at the game, You know, on Friday nights. It was just a, it was an awesome thing. I loved it, man. It was the closest thing to suiting up, you know, and, and gearing up for, for combat, you know, that, that, that you could do, I think in the civilian world. And it was, it was a, a super, it was, it was a fun time. We had our, in, in our high school, the, the, the head coach, our head football coach, coach Melvin Houston, he'd been there for years.


Awesome guy. And, and he was a real mentor to so many people on the team, particularly for some of the star athletes who were raised in, in homes that maybe didn't have a, have, have a father there. He was an incredible guy. And his wife was also the, was the, the choir director. So all of us, like the entire starting lineup in football was like in choir as well. It was mandatory. And he was in track. So we all ran track also to kind keep in shape. But, You know, we had, we had some of the star football players that were like marching the band at halftime. Everyone kind of did everything. Wow. And it was just, it was just a fantastic place to grow up. Awesome community. Very cool. What, what got your interest in the military?


I can't ever remember wanting to do anything else. I mean, from the time that I can remember wanting to do anything, I, I wanted to be in the military. I was painting my face and crawling through the, You know, the, the, the backyard jungle. And, and it was, I just, I wanted to be some kind of combat leader. I had a little stint where we had these F four phantoms that would come fly over from some of the bases in, in Louisiana. I remember a couple of like B 52, like tree chop level flights that were pretty awesome. So there, there was like a small stint where I was like, oh man, maybe being a pilot would be cool. But then I quickly went back to like, no, I wanna be a, some kind of a ground combat leader in some, some capacity. And then when I was like in, probably I was probably in junior high school when I started hearing about the SEAL teams and the the Marcinko books.


Yeah. You know, came out, read Rogue Warrior. You probably read it probably about the same time. Yeah, I did. And that was, that was one that really, I started reading about the seals in Vietnam and learning about the rung sat special zone and, You know, RO Bay and, and NABE and all, all these places that our, our seal forefathers were operating out of. And I was just smitten with that. And then the movie Navy Seals with Charlie Sheen came out. Oh yeah. And while I was in high school and it just, that kind of cemented it for me that I wanted to be in, in, in the SEAL Teams. And, and So I I I, I wanted to go to the Naval Academy to pursue that, that that dream. And So I, I, I put into a PAC for the Naval Academy.


I, I put in a PAC for West Point as well. And we had a super strong West Point Alumni Association in Southeast Texas. And one of the head head guys, he was a Silver Star recipient from the Korean War. Amazing guy. He was really close friends with my, my grandfather. And he was a, a big advocate of West Point as West Point grad. And, and he was pretty heartbroken when I chose, I chose Navy, but I chose that 'cause I wanted to be in the SEAL Teams. And my dad and I did a lot of fishing growing up on the Texas coast. There's fantastic inshore fishing, offshore fishing on the Texas coast. And we were going out on the Galveston jetties. And I remember just watching all these, I, I'd accepted my appointment to West Point, 'cause I got picked up in like, it was like January of my senior year.


And So I'd accepted my appointment and I still hadn't heard back from Navy. It was like, and, and finally in like late April and I was graduating in May. I finally, I got, I got, I got accepted to West Point. Wow. Or I'm sorry, I got accepted to Navy. So I'd already accepted my appointment to West Point. I finally got a, a a, an appointment to the Naval Academy. And so then I was like, man, what do I do now? Like, I don't know, you know what I wanna do. The alumni network told me, they said, they said the West Point, the West Point Alumni Network said, they said, all right, you got a decision to make here. Dwight d Eisenhower went to West Point, Jimmy Carter went to Navy, Which wanted to be, I was like, man, that's a tough one.


You you're putting it on me here. That was, that was A strong statement. But I was, I was out fishing. My dad had a little center console fishing boat. We were out trying to catch some speckle trout, red fish on the Galveston jetties. And I, I, I remember looking at these, just these oil tankers, You know, the Houston Ship channel comes in through the Galveston. There's one of the busiest ports in, in North America. And just watching these different tankers come in and all the different flags, You know, sailing from around the world. And I just remember turning, turning to my dad and saying, I'm, I'm gonna go to the Naval Academy. I wanted to be, I wanted to be in the Navy and I wanted to be in the SEAL Teams. So that was the purpose. And after four long years at, at Navy, I did not get selected for the SEAL program. Damn. You know, it's, it's why did you, I know you said all throughout your childhood you wanted to be a leader in a ground unit, but why, I'm just curious, why didn't, why didn't you go the enlisted route?


Why did you, why were you hell bent on the academy? Man, that's a great question, Sean. I, there were many times as an officer when I was sitting in a tactical operations center, and when I was, You know, when we were passing out the, the, the PowerPoint Ranger patch, You know, 3000 hours. I mean, where you, you, you just, I where I was like, maybe I should have elisted in, in the SEAL Teams. I definitely questioned it when I graduated from Navy because when I didn't get service elected, I, I, I, You know, and, and, and man, they made the right call, to be honest. Like they, they only took 16 guys outta the Naval Academy and there was a prior enlisted seal in my class.


So they took 15 guys and, You know, there was 200 people that went out for the screener. It was probably 80 guys Wow. Graduated from the screener and probably 40 or 50 of those guys could have gone and done really well, any of them. And so they only took 15. And I, I was not one of those 15. And that was based on my grade point average, which was atrocious. I was, I was part of that, that half of the class that made the top half possible. No. And I had a terrible conduct record because when you get, You know, a midshipman that was two years older than me who was kind of barking orders at me and telling me what to do, I had let them know that I was not too pleased about that. I was pretty strong-willed and hardheaded as you, You know, me to be.


And, and I think that that didn't serve me well there. So I had a conduct record, I got, got in much of trouble and, and So I wasn't selected it, but actually was the, it was the best thing that ever happened to me because my time in the service fleet was, was awesome. I, I was instantly thrown into a position of responsibility and, and, and leadership and, and I served, You know, three different deployments on two different ships, got to sail all over the world and, and see some amazing things. Work with some incredible people. Well, so what was, Well to answer, to answer your question. So you tried out Sorry, go ahead. Well, I was just Gonna say, to answer your question, I think what my parents were pushing me to like go to college first, and that was probably a bigger factor.


But it was, it was a, I don't know, like there were, when I, when I got service elected out out of, for the, for the service lead out of the academy, I was like, man, I probably should have listened in the Navy. So I, it, but it was, it was, I think my parents just kind of encouraged me to go to college. I was interested in the Naval Academy, You know, I was, I was interested in having a, a degree under my belt. If I hadn't gotten one of the academies, I would've gone to Texas a and m and been in the, the core cadets there in the RTC program. So I, I think that was probably more their, their MUR on their encouragement than anything else MUR on. But there's certainly times that I regretted that. And, and what I loved about the SEAL teams was, you know, man, the, the, while the college degree might've, might've separated officers from en listed at some point, I mean, the post nine 11 world, that wasn't even the case, You know, for a lot of guys like Brian Bill and our Buds class that a electrical engineering degree, probably a way better GPA than I ever had, you know, and so many guys that I served with like you, You know, just super smart guys, You know, and, and were way smarter than I would ever be.


So it was, there wasn't a lot of differentiation. It was just somebody like, like a different role. Interesting. Interesting. So, So I didn't, so they're recruiting right out of the academy. I didn't, I didn't realize there was that much, but 200 people tried, roughly 200 people trying out, that's, well, that's a pretty stiff competition. What, so when you found out that, that you didn't, how did they tell you you didn't make the cut? Do you find out immediately They Announced, it's like service selection night. And so they kinda, they announced you and, and So I had put, my first choice was Naval Special Warfare. My second choice was marine ground. I was like, if I can't be in the, you know, a seal, I'll go be a marine infantry officer, maybe I can try to go, You know, force, force recon and you know, that, that route.


And, and then my third choice was service, service warfare, the ship drivers. And so when they, they, they basically like, just, You know, you, they, you distribute a piece of paper that gives you the service selection with all the, You know, the seniors, the, the first he's there and you're sitting there in like the ward room on, on, you know, and it's, it's, I I saw my best friend and roommate, just his head. Just, you know, he was, he was really disappointed to knock it. So we were both going out for the, You know, the SEAL program. That's what we wanted. And so when he didn't get it, I didn't get it. And we were right there in the room together sitting next to each other, You know, it, it was an encouragement, You know, to keep going.


And, and, and, but again, it was the best thing ever happened to me. I loved my time in the surface fleet and I wanted to be a seal the whole time. But I instantly, I flew out to, I went to about six months of, of school in, in Rhode Island. And then I flew out and met a ship and we were enforcing sanctions against the, against Iraq back bef, You know, before, before the war kicked off. So these were the un sanctions that had been in place since the Persian Gulf War. And, and So I got to work alongside Seal Seals would go take down these ships, our boarding team would go alongside and, and take over the ship and then just vector 'em over to holding area. It was super cool, man. We had, you Were, I forgot you were on a boarding team, correct? If I remember Right.


Yeah, we did dozens of boarding ship. How did, how did you get involved in that? They just, the ship just selected me to be a part of it. I was lucky enough to, to be, be a part of that. And it was, it was really, it, it was a neat thing to be able to see and do. And, and I think just being able to navigate a ship across the world was, it required a lot of responsibility. I mean, when you're the officer of the deck, you're in charge of the ship when the captain's asleep in his state room at nighttime or if, You know, if he's elsewhere. But you were responsible for the, the entire wellbeing of that ship. I mean this massive responsibility on your shoulders. What kind of ship were you on? I was on a destroyer DD 9 72, USS Olden Dorf did two years on that.


We had an awesome, You know, wardrobe of, of great officers in the enlisted sailors were outstanding that were on that thing. And it was, it was just a great leadership opportunity for me. I learned a ton of lessons. I learned in a ton of things wrong, You know, came in kind of this strong-willed incident and got shut down, You know, realized like, look, I need to rely on my, my experience chiefs and, and, and sailors to actually lead this team and learn from them. And So I, I got to see like what good leadership looks like. It's not the person that's barking orders of people. It's actually being the, the silent leader that listens to the team and, and lets them run, run with things. And then I went into a different ship, FFG 38 USS Ktz did about a year on, on that there as a training officer.


So I did the first ship, I did two deployments through the Persian Gulf. I kind of transit that, You know, in Indian Ocean, You know, Pacific Transits. And then, and then I did a western Pacific deployment with, with the CURTs, the frigate. Both of those were, were great experiences and awesome group. And, and I got selected probably halfway through my time at being on the, that second shift, the USS Kurds, I got selected, this was September, 2001. And I got selected finally on my second package that I put in for the SEAL program. And so right as September 11th happened.


Wow. And, and so we knew this was, You know, real, we knew we were going to war. I knew after buds we were going straight to a, you know, to a, to a SEAL platoon and deploying overseas. And, and so probably about the time that you were, you know, going, going through your bootcamp and, and, and just starting your Navy journey. I was, for me it was interesting because some of the sailors, You know, there's so many sailors in the fleet with a 70 to 80% attrition rate that didn't make it through buds. I remember one of the sailors, there's a great, great guy asking me like, you know, Hey, you got selected, You know, for for Buds, how far do you think you'll make it to the program? You know, and I thought, I thought that was a crazy question.


I was like, all the way through the program. I like, why, why would I be even going if I didn't think I could? I was gonna make it all the way through. You know, I think in, you know, in his mind, having gone there and not made it through, it just was like, I, impossible. Interesting. Gonna make it through the program. And, and I think I I, I was so appreciative of the experience, You know, when I got to Buzz and you and I going through Buzz together, it, it enabled me to, to, to think about what it took to actually get there, all the effort that it took. And I had some amazing people that pulled so many strings from me, you know, to, to write letters of recommendation to, to train me and prepare me and get me ready, You know, physically and, and stuck their neck out to, to get me selected out of, You know, dozens of people that applied.


And, and So I was never gonna do, You know, let them down in any way. And, and it gave me, it gave me some, some great perspective. Man. I didn't realize you got picked up in September of 2001. Where, where were you, where were you when the towers went down? I was on duty the pier side in San Diego at 32nd Street Naval Station aboard the USS Kurt. So I was the duty officer and, and we were just, You know, everybody was just waking up in the morning and You know, obviously that's, You know, six, six in the morning, you know, on the west coast when nine o'clock, you know, when it went down and on, on the East coast. And I got a call from the, the incoming duty officer who was listening to the news on his way into work and he said, Hey, a plane's just hit the World Trade Center.


And I thought, I'm thinking it's like a little Cessna sightseeing plane or something, You know, that got too close. I'm like, what are you talking about? So I went in and we turned on the news in the war room and I turned on the news and I'm sitting there watching like, man, this smoke going out. And, and we just watched and, and on live TV as the second plane hit, and, and we knew it instantly, this is an attack. Like this is real. We were war and, and it just was changed everything. Wow. Wow. And so you, you were selected right after that or right before that? I don't remember the exact date that I found out that it was, it was right around then, and it, I can't remember if it was just before or just after, but I, I, I know I got the news like, like, like in September of 2001.


And, and so it was, I knew this was real and I was lucky enough, I had, I had a great commanding officer on onboard the USS Kurtz, and he was kind enough to send me TAD over to SEAL Team five. And So I was TAD to SEAL team five. I went over there, I helped out wherever I could, You know, on the administrator side, but they assigned us to a, a senior chief and he was all he did with me, he just trained us all the time. And, and so we, we, for like six straight months before I went to Bud's, I was, I was spent most of my time over at SILT five just training and preparing. And some of my friends were there who had helped pull some, some strengths, you know, for me to be there.


In fact that very same seal who'd got service selected and No kidding. Yeah, he got, yeah, he, he, he had got picked up just the, the year before. So they went through the year, year before that that you and I went through Bud together and he, he was just there as a new guy, assistant platoon commander. And so, man, he'd take me out for runs. I would, the runs that he took me on were harder than anything we did in Butts. Like I am, I would puke my guts up and as a result of that, I, I, I never, I was a, I was a horrible runner. That was the thing I probably struggled with most. And, and I didn't, I didn't fall back and have the runs in Buds just 'cause, You know, thankful I hadn't had that opportunity.


How long was it prepare? How long was it after you got the word that you showed up at Bud's? We classed up 2 41 classed up in April of 2002. So that was, yeah, it was, it was, it was pushing six months of kind of prep and, and training and, and I knew that when I got picked up, like that was the last time I, I, I was already a lieutenant jg and I knew I was gonna, I was gonna make, You know, lieutenant at the four year mark, which if you remember, I, I put that on at first phase. I got, I got quite the, the promotion party, if you remember the, the beat down.


But yeah, it was, it was, I, I knew that was like the last shot. So I was already training for, I was already preparing for it, but what I had about six months of, of people that really, and it is so hard to train when you're underway on a ship, You know, as far as running and swimming and doing the thing, You know, you just can't do it so well. So it, it was just awesome to have, You know, my commanding officer and the, the senior leadership on the, on that ship support me and, and be excited for me and on my previous ship, I mean, they wrote super powerful letters of recommendation as well, You know, that enabled that to happen. And if I didn't have the seals that were pulling from me, that, that, that wrote me a letter of re recommendation, You know, and, and more than anything probably was, was Admiral Smith, who was a retired Seal Admiral.


His son Adam and I are friends and, and he, he had our close friend who's still serving, I won't, won't name him, You know, was, was probably my, my biggest advocate, amazing guy, and pulled so many strings from me, trained with me, got me ready, You know, connected me with, with Adam and then Apple Smith. And Apple Smith wrote me a just incredibly powerful letter of recommendation that, that if people hadn't have pulled the strains from me, man, I would've never, ever even had the opportunity to serve.


Did You know that studies show that 80% of resolutions fail by February? You can beat the odds with Lumen and improve your Wellness. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach that helps measure your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it will tell you if it sees you're burning fat or carbs, and gives you tailored guidance to help improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. Just breathe into your lumen when you wake up and Lumen can tell you what's going on with your metabolism. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for the day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so Lumen can tell you exactly what's going on in your body real time, and give you tips to keep you on top of your wellness game. Take the next step to helping improve your health. Go to lumen.me/ss to get 20% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/ss for 20% off your purchase. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


A lot of us are trying to get our finances in order and to start the new year off. Right. There's some great news for homeowners interest rates have dropped. If you've been buried in high interest credit card debt, now's the time to break. Free American Financing can help you access the cash in your home to pay off your high interest debt. Last year, their salary based mortgage consultants helped customers save an average of $800 a month. That's like giving yourself a $10,000 raise. What a way to start the new year. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or go to American Financing dot net slash ss NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 N-M-L-S-C-O-N-S-U-M-E-R access.org. Call 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 for details about credit costs and terms.


You know, what do you, what is it, what does the selection look like for, for an officer to get into buds? What are, what are they, what's the selection process look like? I think the bill is, I think there's 24 billets at the academy today and I think there's something like that. It's a, for all of like ROTC and then there's like a handful. So they take 48 a year, Something like that. I, i, I don't know what the numbers are. I, I'd have to double check that. I, I think it was, I think that was it for a while, but it's, it's highly competitive. Right, Interesting. So they only take 48 men. It It is something like that Yeah. In the program. Yeah. Don't quote me on the numbers of that because my very, but it's, it's, it's very highly competitive.


And then there's a handful of, of, of officers that come in, like our, our mutual friend Travis, that will, You know, come in with a, with a, with a officer candidate school bill and, You know, who went through, went through Buzz with us and, and there they'll, there's just, it, it is very competitive as an officer. So you're, you're training with people like, I mean, I, I, I was competing at the Naval Academy with, You know, the, the, the, the captain of the water polo team. Like I was never a competitive swimmer. That guy's gonna destroy me. Like somebody who's on the cross country team, somebody who's on the triathlon, You know, a on the triathlon team. They gotta be looking for more than that though. I mean, they can, they can find physical fitness anywhere.


What, what are they looking for specifically in an officer? I mean, you, because it sounds like you weren't even No, no offense, but it doesn't sound like you were a superstar athlete at the Naval Academy. I, I definitely was Not Had problems running, you weren't a swimmer, You know, and then you have all these guys that were, maybe that's not why you got picked up, I don't know. But I mean, they have to be looking for more than athleticism. That was a part of it. I think it was a major factor. I think they're also looking for grade point average or looking for, You know, student leadership opportunities. I was never a student leadership 'cause I was always in trouble for something So I think, You know, there's just, I mean, I wouldn't train my, my time at the Naval Academy was awesome.


I really enjoyed my experience there. There were some, there was some negative examples, right? That, that, that showed me like, the leader that I didn't wanna be as well. And I think that's always the case, right? I think, I think good leadership is rare, no matter where you are. But there also were some amazing leaders there who poured into me and, and set a great example. And frankly, Sean, I'm, I'm, I am, I wouldn't trade that for anything. I mean, the fact that I didn't get service elected for the SEAL program. I had to work as, as, as I had to work my ass off. I had to, I had to train, I had to go out and build relationships. I had to stop feeling sorry for myself and making excuses. 'cause that would've been easy to do, right? Well, this person knew that person, or this person got picked up, or that person happened to, You know, made better grades than me, or this person's a better athlete, You know, and that shouldn't be what it's based on you.


I can make all those excuses. What I had to do was, before I even understood this concept, we now call it Extreme Ownership. I actually, I did take Extreme Ownership to say, if This is what I wanna do with my life, I'm gonna have to actually do the work to make this possible, you know, to o to open the door. And I, when I put in my very first lateral transfer package, So I had to get fully qualified as a service worker officer. And so that, that took me about a year and a half on my first ship. You know, man, it, that's a huge qualification to get right. You have to study, you have to prepare. It takes a long time and effort. And when you, I finally got that qualification. I put together, I, I met every requirement possible. And I put in a package that I thought was a strong package, didn't get service selected.


Wow. I got turned out again. And, and that was crushing to me. I thought, damn, what this, You know, this is, and I, I, I, the senior officer, he was a captain at the time, and he was the chief of staff over at war com, the Naval Special Warfare command. So very senior officer and I reached out, just tracked down his content info, scheduled a meeting with him, and went over and sat out. I sat out to talk to him and I said, Hey, sir, I'm, You know, Lieutenant JJ Babin, I wanna be in the, I wanna be in the SEAL Teams. This is what I wanna do. I think I can contribute to this community. What do I need to do to, You know, make this happen? And he told me, he was like, he, he said, he was like, no one has ever scheduled a meeting like this with, with me.


I think that shows a lot of initiative on your part. You know, keep trying, You know, get your scores better, get some better, You know, get, go get some strong letters of recommendation, put in a package again, and I think you'll do better next time. So I think just, we call this concept default aggressive, that problems aren't gonna solve themselves. Like you actually gotta go solve problems. You actually have to make things happen. Things aren't gonna just fall in your lap. Like you gotta go make it happen. And that applies on the battlefield. It also applies anywhere in life. And the opportunities, I, I think it's real easy for us to look at people and be like, well, You know, that person got lucky, or this person just stumbled upon that, or this person had that door open for them. And more often than not, man, you people make their luck through hard work, You know, discipline, preparation, effort, all the years and years of, of effort behind the scenes that people don't see.


And, and So I think that to me was a tremendous life lesson of like, Hey, this isn't going to happen unless you go and do the work to make it happen. And that required training, You know, being the best service warfare officer, I could be, I knew that, like, instead of complaining about not being in the SEAL Teams, if I wanted to be in the SEAL Teams, the best path for that for me was to be the best service warfare officer I could be. And, and there was, I mean, people would say things that, well, you don't wanna be, they won't wanna let you go. You know, if, if you're, you know, if you're too, too critical for a member of the team, that's total bullshit, right? You gotta, the, the, the better that you are on your team, the more, the higher you perform, the, the more that your leadership's gonna wanna write you a strong letter of recommendation, right? The, the more that people are actually gonna wanna take care of you and, and help you out.


So the more I can contribute to my team, you know, that happened to be a ship that, that I was assigned to, the better it would be for me. I, You know, going and building relationships with people, reaching out to folks that, that could write powerful letters of recommendation, You know? And, and, and it was, I I, I think for anything in life, like it's, the opportunities are not gonna come your way. You gotta go make things happen. You've gotta be default aggressive. And, and, and it's, You know, again, if you wait for problems to go away on their own, they just, they seem to get worse. You know? So I'm, I'm thankful that happened. It was the best thing that ever happened to me. And I can tell you, Sean, years later, after I was serving as a, a, a senior, You know, executive for, in the business world, we call it, right?


At the operations officer and executive officer position. And I was frustrated with the employment of seals or lack of employment with seals in, in, in combat at the time. And I would get super frustrated about things that were way above me in the chain of command there. I can remember at least three different occasions where I jumped in my truck, I drove across the Coronado Bay Bridge, I went over to 32nd Naval st, I went over to 32nd Street Naval Station, which is where all the ships in San Diego are. And I walked outta one of those piers and I lived across at, at Coronado, at Naval Amphibious base where the SEAL teams are. And, and I remembered what it was like, and it was, it just put that on perspective for me. Wow. Like, you know, this is, I can't ever forget what it was like to be over here wanting to be there and wanting to do anything I could to get over there.


So no matter how frustrated I am, I'm in the SEAL Teams and I gotta do the best I can. And, and, and I impact the people around me, You know, and try to try to make whatever unit I happen to be assigned, try to make life as good as I can for, for those people that I'm with. Well, that's interesting. So you would go back to what you couldn't wait to leave to reset, Just to gimme perspective on what it was like, like to remember what it was like to, to want to be in the SEAL Teams and not be there. Man, that's cool. That's cool. Leif, so correct me if I'm wrong, but a breakfast, I think we, I think we had a discussion, where are you mentoring junior officers in the SEAL Teams or junior officers that are wanting to go to the SEAL teams?


When I, when I got back from our, my second combat deployment to Armani, I took over the junior officer training course. And so over two years I ran that training program for every single SEAL officer. They graduated from buds. So before they go to Buds, before they go on to their, You know, the advanced training, the SEAL qualification training, they, they would go through a four week classroom, week long field training exercise. And so I'd been through that program, that's, that's where you and I broke off together right after we graduated buds. And then you went on to Seal, seal qualification training. And, and, and So I, I, You know, the officers from our class went to SEER School and some, some other schools. And then we went to the junior officer training course together.


And So I got a chance to run that four years later. And I got a, it, it was a great program and I went through it, but it think it, it was focused on trying to help you understand how it was organized. And, and what I got to do was really, I think, try to revamp it to, to just try to set those leaders up for success, You know, and, and, and, and to help those leaders be ready for the most difficult combat situations that they might come up against. We'll get into more details with that at a more appropriate time in the interview. But what I'm, the reason I'm bringing it up is, what, what are you looking for in, in Junior Seal leadership?


What are some of the, what are some of the top attributes that you've identified that, that great leaders inside of na, Naval Special Warfare all seem to have? Number one, humility. Humility is the most important quality in a leader. And the reason I say that is because, look, if you don't have an ego, you don't care about winning, right? You just mail it in. You don't care about outperforming the other, You know, other people or, or doing well, like ego drives us to, to be successful. So you gotta have an ego. But so often ego is the, the, it, it just, it just absolutely destroys people.


It destroys careers, it destroys teams, it destroys relationships, it destroys lives. And when people can't put their ego in check there, you just, you can never get better. You can never improve. And I think, you know, the biggest lesson that I've learned in life through some extremely humbling combat operations and then beyond, is that it's, it's be humble or get humbled. And anytime that I'm feeling like, oh, I got things figured out. Oh, I've gotta, You know, oh, oh, I'm, I'm ready for, You know, for the worst case scenario, life might throw me, man, you, you get humbled and, and you get put in check. So I think that humility is, is number one, the most important quality. Because without humility, you can't learn from anybody else.


You can't, you can't, you can't get better, right? You can't evolve, you can't adapt or innovate. You can't listen to other people's ideas or learn from them in any capacity. And worst of all, you can't look yourself in the mirror and conduct an honest self-assessment, a brutally honest self-assessment. 'cause that's what's key. If you, if you can't do that, there's no way you're ever gonna prove what, what's required as an honest self-assessment of like, okay, I need to do these things to improve. I need to do these things to actually fix myself going forward. Okay, these might be my strengths, but these are my weaknesses. I need to work on those, You know, to get, to get better. Hey, we might've gotten lucky on that combat operation, but, but if, You know, we better be prepared for that worst case scenario next time in case we don't get so lucky.


And So I think number one, humility, number two, ownership. And that goes right along with each other, right? If you're gonna point fingers and cast blame and make excuses, it's right there with humility. The driver of that is, is ego. But oftentimes the reason I say ownership is because if I'm gonna wait for you to solve my problem, like that problem's not gonna get solved. So let's say you and I have a conflict and we don't see eye to eye on something, you know, I, I can, I can say, well, Sean, just, you know, I don't like the way Sean talked to me, you know, or, or Sean needs to come apologize to me, or, You know, Sean, that's Sean's fault for not seeing the world from my perspective. Or I can actually take ownership of saying, You know what, Sean, there's some reason that Sean disagrees with me on this.


Let me actually learn from his perspective. Let me actually take ownership of fixing this problem by taking some action, you know, to to, to actually get his perspective and see his perspective on things and see what I could have done better to, to better communicate, You know, what, what my perspective was, and ask more questions So I could, I could see the world through his eyes. And So I think those things are, are, are super critical. Teamwork is a great example of that, right? If you're just about yourself and you can't actually put the team at the overall team and the mission first, I think that's a, that's never, that's not someone that's going to gonna do well. And particularly in high performing organizations, whether you're talking like to like a SEAL unit or a special operations unit, or a SWAT team, or frankly like a super high performing sales team, you know, in, in the corporate world, a lot of times you'll talk to them about the concept of cover, move and teamwork.


And they'll say, oh, we're doing awesome, we're doing awesome. You know, but our admin department sucks and supply sucks, and they're not getting us what we need. You know, Hey, the, the, the senior leaders up in their corporate high chart, they don't know what's going on down here. And so they, they, and what you realize is like, they, they, they think about teamwork within just their immediate team, not about the other teams that they actually depend on to be successful. So, You know, when you start realizing like, Hey, I, I need a better relationship with the admin department so that we can get paid so that we can actually get the paperwork taken care of, so that we can actually do what we need to do and, and focus on our job. You know, I need a better relationship with supply so they can give me the tools that they, that they, that I need to be successful. I need a good relationship with my chain of command.


Probably one of the biggest lessons I learned from Jocko is not having a good relationship with your chain of command doesn't help you, and it certainly doesn't help your team. So you gotta build a good relationship with your chain of command just to, to make sure you're aligned with them. Make sure they understand, you know, what, what you're trying to do and how you're trying to do it, and why you, you know, and, and they have the information they need, You know, to better support you and make better decisions. So I think when you're looking at humility, ownership, teamwork, I think those are crucial things. Discipline, I think is something else. You know, if you have people that are not disciplined, I mean, I, I, I think about somebody in, in our buds class, like, like Brian Bill, You know, for instance, who probably wasn't born grade at everything.


And Right. That guy was, so, he was the only guy in our entire Buds class that was first time every time in, in, in, in die face, You know, through, through the pool competency test, which is, you know, if you don't know what a pool comp is, it is miserable, right? Where they're tying your hoses and knots. And, and, and that was, that's a terrifying test, right? For so many people that, that, you know, even people that are comfortable in the water. And it was, we had so many rollbacks from the previous, You know, class as you know, you know, I was one of 'em. Yeah, you were one of those. It was, and, and the stories you guys told us, it was like terrifying, you know? And so I think that Brian was the only dude on that wall this first time, every time. Why is that?


Well, he was, he, he was methodical in his preparation, and, and, and it was, he was disciplined and that enabled him to, to be successful in everything he's trying to do. So I think somebody, You know, it's great to have some innate qualities and natural abilities, and those things are great when he can combine natural ability and, and discipline that's unstoppable. But, you know, hard work is gonna beat natural ability over time if you've got somebody who's disciplined is gonna put in the work. So, you know, I, I think those are the qualities that I think apply not just to a seal leader, but, but I think to any leader in any situation, You know, somebody who's humble, somebody will take ownership, somebody who's a team player and puts the team first as somebody who's disciplined. Man.


That's great. That's great to hear. Thank you. I got a ton of questions, but I'm gonna save them for the leadership section, but, so let's get back to Buds. So you show up to Bud's we're classing up in April of, was it 2001? 2000? I think 2002. 2002. Correct. And so what, I mean, what was it like for you walking in the compound as a, is a, is a, is a Buds candidate, bud, student Man, I might have been different from a lot of us. I, I loved it. I thought it was awesome. I mean, to me, just, just to have the, not that you weren't certainly we were walking on eggshells all the time, right? Any, and I remember afterward particularly as, as the class officer in charge, right?


As the senior person in the class, it didn't matter what happened, right? I don't think I failed a single room inspection the entire time. Actually, I did. We had one spot inspection in, in die phase that I failed. And me and my, my roommate failed. It was, it was like one in, but every other in inspection, I passed every other personnel inspection I passed, which was unheard of. And yet I got beaten the, I was the first guy to get beaten every time, right? 'cause you're just, anybody in the class feels you as the leader are responsible. And, and so you're going, you're gonna pay the man for it. That was just part of the game. You know, I, I, I embraced that with a sense of humor, You know? So, so there was, You know, there was, it took a couple of years to be able to walk on the Grinder before you were kinda like, who's Looking at me?


You know, you feel like you knew to be running and, and calling Cadence, but by the way, they don't call Cadence to cross the grinder anymore, man. It's, I missed no good. That was so, that was so freaking cool. Like, just to my left, to my, you know, just, just yelling at her class as it came across the grinder to, for me, just knowing the history of that place, You know, knowing not only through the Seal teams, but for our, the underwater demolition teams, our frog band forefathers before, before them. And, and knowing all of that took place right there, right? I mean, it's Coronado na amphibious base. I mean, this is, this is where the, you know, the guys that were going out and swimming up on, on, You know, beaches like Iwo Jima, You know, and, and, and Guam and Saipan.


I, I mean, just, just amazing, amazing history. And I just, I I thought it was awesome. And, you know, checking in, I mean, You know, for guys like you that were class ahead of me, You know, initially it was like, you, you might as well have been, been there for 30 years of experience, right? 'cause you, I'm just showing up and you don't know like, what to do. I quickly like, just tried to just have a sense of humor. I remember they, they, I walked into the, the in doc office, right? Those first few weeks that they used to call in Indoct, the indoctrination before you started first phase. And, and one of the instructors was, was like Babin, they just walked up. It was, it was like, Hey, he, they, they had like their coffee mess there, and they had like this fancy coffee.


And I came from the fleet. There's no fancy coffee. Everybody's, these chiefs, You know, the fleet are drinking like black tar coffee. That was, You know, reheated coffee from like five days ago. So they had this like, fancy coffee mess in there. And they had a, they had a pile of like, like sugar cubes. I mean, and it was probably like, I don't know, 50 of them. He's like, how many of those sugar cubes, you know, can you eat at once B? And I'm like, all of them. I just like shoved them all in my mouth, You know? And yeah, just, just, I, I think from that on, I just, I just tried to, you know, just have a good sense of humor about it. And it was, yeah, to me, I thought it was, I mean, it was the quality of people that, that we got to serve with.


There was, you know, I think in that post nine 11 era of people that You know, like you, that are like enlisted in the Navy, This is what they wanna do. I'm gonna go serve my country in a time of war. You know? It, it was, it was, it was just incredible, man. And, and I, I just, I wouldn't trade that for anything. It was awesome. What About the intimidation factor? Were you intimidated coming in, checking in there? Totally, man, of course. You know, I mean, you, you're kinda like, do I make eye contact with people? Do you not, You know, you're trying to just figure that out, you know? And we talk a lot, You know, The Dichotomy of Leadership, right? You, you've gotta try to find that balance. You gotta be confident, but not cocky. Right? And that, I said, humility's the most important quality of leader.


So you've gotta have some confidence, but you also, you can't be cocky. And I think just trying to find that balance was like, you know, knowing that like the instructor staff, that some of the guys that would, You know, say I hate officers and give us the hard time, you know, more than anything else, they ended up being my favorite instructors. And they just, you know, even though they dished out the worst physical punishments at pain, they were just, they were awesome. And, and You know, some of those guys who, who, You know, were like looking to give the officers a hard time. You know, I, one of the things I loved about Indoc too, do you, do you remember the, the officer belly flop contest off the, the the high dive? Oh, yeah.


Oh yeah. Off like the 15 foot board. That was so awesome. I just, you're like, okay, if I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna win. Like, I'm going all into this thing. I'm gonna make it so painful. I'm gonna, I'm gonna like knock the wind outta myself and someone's gonna have to like, haul me to the side. But that to me was like, it was, it was fun. I think you just try to, You know, try to make the, the best of it. What was the, I mean, usually everybody I know has some type of, You know, they're worried about a hangup in Buds, whether it's the pool comp or the 50 Meter Underwater Swim, or the two mile swims or whatever it may be. Mine was the 50 meter under Underwater Swim was the first one I was really nervous about. Whoop. How did you do on that?


Crushed it. First Time. I didn't think that was hard. I was, it Was easy. You know what was crazy? So we, I'm sure you watched the Discovery Channel, like Oh Yeah. 50 times. So I did too. And, and, and they, what I realized later, some things like hell week, they like, they really can't show you just how hard hell week's gonna be. Right? So like, it's, I thought Hill week's way harder than, You know, that I even visioned. It could be just kind of based on watching that show. But some of the other things like the ocean swims, the cold water, like the Underwater Swim, they were, I, I realized they were focusing on people that were struggling. And so it made it look like it was impossible. So yeah, I mean they, I thought the 50 meter underwater system was like no factor, You know?


Yeah. But some of the things that, that that kicked my ass man. Were Before though. Before we did 'em. What were you worried about? What was your biggest fear? I worried about It. I sweated every single evolution. Okay. Every single one. And, and I had a, a friend to tell me that sweat every evolution. Like just, just you, you, you better be worried about preparing. We're gonna spend our weekends prepping, planning. We were doing stupid stuff too, like, like pool comping each other in like the, You know, in the, in the, in the like local, like apartment complex pools, You know, into like civilian dive breaks that we rented from the local, like stupid stuff. Like dangerous stuff. If you're listening to this don't, or watching this, don't do that.


That's stupid. You know, you're gonna a GE yourself, you definitely need a dive master there. Make sure stuff like that's not going on. But we were, we just tried to sweat every evolution. I was, I was worried about the runs. 'cause I had struggled with runs, and I found the runs were like, the runs were hard. I mean, they definitely were, You know, all out spread for. But I don't, I don't think I, I don't think I got in the goon squad even one time. That was also because our, our good friend and classmate, Seth Stone, had made the egregious error of marrying one of the Buds instructors. Oh yeah. Sisters. Oh yeah, I forgot about that. So we, the officers would get regularly pulled out and just beat on for that.


And then the entire class get beat on. And then wherever stoner was, we call him ces though. We call him Stoner, but wherever Stoner was in the lineup of the runs, if you remember, they would just find him and be like, goon squad here, I'm back. And he, he would just embrace it, you know, and, and just start bar crawling the goon squad. Everyone's just getting beat on and, and everyone else is like circling up. But you were a good runner, right? You weren't, I don't think you were in a good squad. I was a good, that was the one thing I was really good at, was Running. Yeah. Yeah. I remember you being a good runner. The swims for me, I was like one bad swim. Our mutual friend who, I won't say his name, but we got put together, he was one another officer and he was not a great swimmer, and I was not a great swimmer.


So we were like one bad conditions away from failing to swim. The, I think the only swim I feel was the, the ones where they forced us to wear like the new fins. Remember that one? Yeah. Oh yeah. And Like, half the class failed. 'cause we had to wear these, these new fans that were supposed to be so much better. And, and we all went back to the old school, like World War ii, like U dt Duck feed. Duck feed. Yeah. But it, it was, that was one where I was, I wasn't a fast swimmer. I'm not gonna go for a while, but, but I, I knew I was kinda one bat swim away. But I think one of the most, the hardest things for me that I didn't anticipate was drown proofing. People thought drown proofing was easy. I did. You did you have no problem with drown proofing?


I thought Drown. I thought drown proofing was easy. So many people did drown. Proofing was horrible. No Shit. That was hard for you. When I, after we did like, You know, bouncing off the bottom was fine, but once we had to do like, the traverse, You know, with your hands and feet tied Yeah. And my heart rate got up and then I started doing the flips. So just for the audience that doesn't know what drown proofing is, basically what they do is they tie your feet, they tie your feet together, they tie your hands together behind your back, and you start off just in the deep end, right? Bouncing up and down, kind of getting a rhythm into breathing. Then you have to float, then you have to swim. Was it a hundred meters?


You have to swim a hundred meters with your hands tied behind your back and your feet tied together. And it is challenging. It is. The swim is definitely challenging. Well, I, I've struggled with it and I was really struggling with, and, and one of those buzz instructors who was the, the meanest instructor, You know, and it came to officers and just hammering them. He, he just pulled me aside and put me in, like, he put me in like the four foot section. It was like b he's like, hands and feet tied. You just, you're gonna do your bounty in the four foot section. And he just like left me there. And then he moved me over to the, to the, You know, nine foot section. And it was, it was like a, it was just like a progression. And that really helped me. And then actually one of the other instructors, remember we had to, like, you were supposed to, so after you do the, that, You know, you, you do that traverse, then you were supposed to like, you do like a flip and, and, and then go down and grab the mask.


And then you ba and you were supposed, oh yeah, you were supposed to do like three flips and then like five bound. And then that was the end of the test. And one of the instructors on the side was like, I, I, I think I was probably 30 flips in. He was like, again, again, again. Yeah. And finally, finally that same started that helped me out. I came over, I was like, B your good, get outta the pool. And so it was, he, he kinda helped me out. But I mean, you knew you were gonna get the full benefit on it, like no factor. Yeah. And that was that. So that, that to me was harder than I thought it was gonna be for, for whatever reason. And then life saving was, life saving was a challenge Too. That was a kick in the ass man.


The smallest instructor we had. I from, so if you remember, we had our, our, you had your unconscious victim for the, I don't think life saving is like that anymore. What do you mean it's not loud? Don't Think it's like a pass fail evolution. Like it was like, I don't think you can get kicked out of the program. Remember for us, like if you didn't pass it, like Oh yeah, I remember, yeah. Got Kicked out. And so the, the, the unconscious victim, I got the smallest buds instructor we had, he was like probably 150 pounds. He was the unconscious victim, which means he's laying there. I just grab and haul him across the pool. And then the, the very next one was, if you remember this instructor who had started at, he had played starting linebacker at Arizona State University.


Oh yeah, I remember How. And, and man, he was an awesome instructor. I loved him. But he, he kicked my ass in the, like, I, I swam over to him and realized like, he's like, save me. And I, I grabbed him. I think it took me Was This Scotty Walker? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, we can say his name. He's in the Buds thing. Yeah, he's in the 2 34 thing. So I dunno if you can say, yeah, Scotty was, Scotty was hilarious, but he, he just like attacked me underwater. And it was, it was a giant wrestling match with a what he, what He probably weighed two 50 at the time. Yeah. I was like, fuck. I Remember watching that guy when we were doing log pt, pick up the fucking log by himself and just start running up the burn with it.


And I was like, holy shit. I remember that too. And we were, we were all like, dude, yeah, that is, that guy's an animal. And I got, I remember, I, it, it, it was probably, it, it felt like, it felt like a 20 minute evolution for me to get him to the side. I don't, it probably wasn't near that long. Right. But I finally get him to the side and I crawled out the combat training tank just outside. And I just puke my guts up and then I just, and I crawl back in there and it was like, the next one, the next one, the next one. So that was, that was a tough evolution. But it was also, I mean, you also knew that like, what was cool about that is there's nobody that I can't save if I can cave, if I can save Scotty attacking me, You know, under those conditions and this monstrous human and I could get him to the side and fight him the whole way.


Like I could save anybody, you know, it was, I, and just the training program itself was just awesome. You know? Do you remember, do you remember when Ben, do you remember the armpit hair tactic that Ben created? I do remember that. I had forgotten about that. Yeah. Genius Move. That was a genius move. I, I don't think that I, I don't think that I, I can't remember if instructors shaved their armpits for that or if they, if they stopped. But it was, He, I remember he had, what did they call that victim? You had like the, the passive victim. You had the unconscious victim. You had the one that's gonna fight everything you do, basically beat the shit outta you as you're trying to save him.


And I, I think it was, I think it was Pranger, was it Pranger? Ben went out to save, to save Pranger and he just reached all the way around his chest, grabbed a big handful of armpit hair and just yanked it. Instructor was like, I'm good, I'm good. And what a genius move. I remember instructor NVE had me, and I didn't even know what a triangle choke was. He had me in a triangle choke on the bottom of like 15 foot section of the combat training tank. I'm like trying to go underwater to get away from him. And he just like locks me up in this triangle, like down on the bottom. Man. Man, that was crazy. When did you, when did you find out you were gonna be the class?


OIC So in Indoc, I was the senior guy. I was the only officer for a little while. And we had a few officers that ended up getting rolled back. So I think I was the, there were 18 of us in Bud's class 2 41 that like started with 2 41 and made it through in one shot. I think I was the only officer from that, that group. And, and, and the, the rest of our like 44 guys that graduated, You know, were, were rollbacks and man, thank God for you guys. 'cause when you got rolled back in the class, like y'all were, y'all brought in this like, okay, we've been here before. We understand how to prep for these things. 'cause at the time we didn't, other than the Discovery Channel show, like you don't even know what's coming. Right? The schedule secret. You can't, it's not like you can walk in and ask the instructors that, You know.


So that was, that was massive. But I, we had several o's that were like rolled in. And so I think when, when you got rolled back into the class, that was, I got, there was, there was a senior officer who took that role through hell week. And then shortly after, hell week he got, he got rolled out. And so then I, I became the senior officer again. So most of the class I was the, I was a senior officer. What did that, I mean, what did that feel like for you to be the OIC of of, I mean that's a lot of it induced pressure, I would imagine. Yeah, it de it definitely is. I mean, I think it, it instantly, luckily I'd learned the lesson of like, Hey, I can't do everything.


I'm here to rely on my, on my teammates to make this happen. Right? I need to use my senior list of leadership. You know, if I'm running around trying to count everyone, right? That doesn't work, right? You have to have a, and if the LPO the leading petty officer's doing that, that doesn't work. We need quarterly boat crew leaders. You know, you need people in those boat crews that are helping those boat crew leaders out. This is how decentralized command actually works. And So I think it was, that to me was like the, the, the thing that I was, you know, I would get, sometimes people would come up with ideas and say, Hey, let's go ask the instructors if we can do this or we can do that. And, You know, people wanted to kind of try to cut corners. I I was, You know, I think, I know I frustrated some of the class sometimes when I was like, yeah, we're not gonna, we're not gonna, we're not going to expend the leadership capital on something like that.


We're gonna just show up when they told us to do it. You know, we're, we're not gonna ask if we can come 15 minutes later. Right? We're gonna like, like it's not, it's not worth it. And I think for people that at, at that time, I know some, sometimes, particularly some of the O'S and bo crew leaders got frustrated with me, You know, with some of that stuff. But you have to just, I think really prioritize like what you're gonna put, push back on what you're not. And, and we, we had a phenomenal class. I mean, it was awesome. And it, it was, I mean, you joining our classes was one of my, my favorite stories of the, the whole thing, man. With the whole week kickoff. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that Was us thing. Yeah. I got rolled 'cause I failed the first phase exam.


Genius move Sean. But it all worked out. Everything happens for A reason. It was an awesome class. And I do think my most memorable experience in Buds with Leif Babin was the o course wrestling match. When I got a little too far out in front of my skis and challenged you to a, to a to a wrestling batch that didn't come out on top. But Dude, that was so awesome. No, we, so we show up to the o course and we show up to the obstacle course. And, and I, you know, if you don't know anything about the, the buzz obstacle course, it, it's a notorious obstacle course. It's been, these, these things have been around for a long time.


All these obstacles are named and before even CrossFit or these kind of high intensity, You know, interval training was even a thing. The old course was that, right? You're gonna do seven or eight minutes of like max put out effort, You know, when you're done with that thing. And then you add the soft sand runs and, you know, to the, to the demo pits and back, You know, that's a mile and a half down, mile and a half back. And then, and then, and then Adam ruck, You know, ruck run, You know, in that soft sand on top of that for third phase. So we were out there for that evolution. And I can't remember what happened. Like our, something got screwed up. The schedule got screwed up. I know I had cleared the proctor, we were supposed to be there, but the instructors never showed up. And of course there's nothing worse than like, bored Bud students standing around.


So somehow it started with these wrestling matches that were going on and, and we had some wrestlers in the class, so people were calling each other out, like, like WWE SmackDown style. And I remember like, I was just kind of like trying to stay above the fray, making sure, You know, 'cause it's in the sand. We didn't want people's head hitting rocks or You know, obviously at this point you get injured, right? You're gonna be Yeah. Roll from the program, potentially don't even graduate. So I, I wanted to try to prevent that. I was trying to stay above the fray and all of a sudden, You know, I got Sean out there, you like walked out in the middle. It looked, it looked like Apollo Creed from the Rocky movie. I want you, you, you were like ba and I want you. And like, just challenging me.


I was like, okay, I guess I got, I got no choice here. So ma they, they like drew a ring in the sand, like ate. We had a big rest of the match. That was, that was awesome. I think it was probably more of a stalemate than anything, but Yeah. Yeah. I I stuffed the tape down. Yeah, I'm pretty sure he choked me out. Well, I was, I I think I just held you in place until it was like, okay, let's move on to the next. Everybody got bored, but dude, you're, my favorite story from you was that hell week experience because, You know, we were, no one knows. It's kinda like combat, right? No one knows Hell. Week was, I think it was the fifth week for us going through first phase. So we've been in five weeks to end doc, we've already been in four weeks, You know, of of, of first phase at that point. And I think we started our class, we started with 193 guys.


And then I think we started with, I think we started, we started a whole week with 101 guys. So our, our automatically was just get, already a bunch of people had quit, right? It's getting whittled down. And I remember those numbers well 'cause right, it was so you were already losing a bunch of people, you know, in those first few weeks. Now, Hold on, lemme just, I I just 193 guys at won one day or 193 guys Indoc 193 guys Indoc, okay. Is what started with Bud's class 2 41. That's what classed up, okay. The original class. Now some of those guys left, others got rolled back in, You know, the numbers are kind of switched around.


And by the time we were in, we were about to start Hell week we had 1 0 1. Wow. So we'd already lost, You know, well guys, a lot of guys who quit a bunch of, You know, injuries, things, people enrolled, things like that. But you, you were a brown shirt rollback, which is like, that that coveted brown shirt was, was had to be awesome. Right? You've made it through, through hell week. And so we, If you don't remember right, they actually took our brown shirts and gave us the white shirt back. Well, and I think that's what's, So I know people who, I know people who in the previous previous years have been given a chance, they screwed up something in Buzz, You know, in, in, in, in dive phase or third phase and we're given a chance to go back and start day one.


And they're like, no, Thank you, I won't do it. Yeah. They, they turned down a, a career in the SEAL Teams because they were not willing to go back. And, and so once you've made it through hell, I mean, hell, week is hell. Week is is close to combat as you're gonna get. I mean, it was designed by Draper Kaufman and his staff at Fort Pierce back in World War ii, you know, for the, for the Naval Combat demolition units that were hitting the beaches at Normandy. And, and You know, and blowing up all the op I mean these, these were the first waves at Omaha and Utah and they were trying to create as much mayhem as possible for them. And, and so they tried to combine all this training down, You know, weeks of training into just five continuous 24 hour days.


These guys, You know, up all night, no sleep, explosions going off everywhere. Chaos and mayhem and just like combat. Nobody knows how they're gonna do until they get in that situation. And I remember just reading the Bible, having bible study me. You were having Bible study. Totally, man. Yeah. In Buds. Totally. Yeah. Wow. Andrew, Paul and and I, on our team and several others, you know, we've got issued those bibles. Yeah. Those, those those little buds bibles that were, you know, in, in IV translation and, and in the, in the camo, I still have that one man. And we, we were reading from judges about the story of Gideon and the story of Gideon, who's this reluctant warrior, like the angel of the Lord appears to Gideon and says, Hey, you're gonna go fight the Midianites.


And Gideon's like, what are you talking about? I'm the least of my family. I'm not even the biggest and strongest guy in my whole family. You know, Midian is so much stronger, more powerful than Israel. Like, what are you talking about? I can't do that. And and the angel continually assures Gideon that he, and he, he says some translation. It's, it's, and You know, it was, you are a mighty warrior and God is with you. And these, those are just such powerful words, you know, and some translations, it, it's, God is with you mighty warrior. And it's, you know, getting as this reluctant warrior. And of course he's empowered to, he, he calls out to Israel, thousands of people come to the call, You know, he, he has thousands of, of, of Israelite warriors that have answered the call.


And God says, that's too many people aren't gonna believe in the miracle of this. So he like whittles it down to just a few hundred and Gideon goes and, and destroys the Midianites with just a few hundred warriors, You know, through the power of God. And, and so it was, we were reading that verse, and in fact, Andrew, Paul and I like during hell week, you know, when, when, when in the darkest hour, you know, like, like the second day, like Tuesday night, you know, and, and probably the largest number of quitters. I remember quoting that verse to Andrew, You know, and him quoting it to me like it was in the middle of it. In the middle of it. Yeah. Wow. Of like, I I said, I told him, you're a mighty warrior.


God is with, you know, go get back under your bow. You know? So like, those, those things are, those, those verses were super powerful to make it through. But even then, like I'm nervous. Like I didn't, I didn't sleep at all, man. You know, prior, prior to hell week, like, like most people probably didn't, you probably didn't before your first hell week. And what's crazy is you guys at two 40 had like the worst hell week of all I remember. It was like I was, I was going into Seal team five 'cause I was TAD there before we classed up. Actually maybe I was already an in doc, I can't remember. But I was scraping the ice, I scraped the ice off of my windshield. That was 2 3 9 with the 2, 3 9. I Would love to take credit for that, but I can't.


But that was class two 30. Okay, maybe that was tonight. I remember watching that and I was like, it's fucking snowing in San Diego right now, and these guys are in the water. And I was like, holy shit. And I remember watching like all these badass guys just like quitting, quitting, okay, I guess there was just Going, well, 2, 2 40, you guys had a huge amount of guys that got pneumonia. Yeah, I think it was a particularly miserable one. It certainly wasn't the June hell week that we had, which the water wasn't as cold. The weather was as cold. It just just meant we ran more, you know? But you'd, you, you definitely went through a tough hellwig for sure in two 40. And, and so when you got assigned to come back and that brown shirt, you, so you get a white shirt, You know, you got a white shirt, you make it through Hellwig, you get that brown shirt.


I mean, this is a super coveted thing. We're all looking at, you know, you and you know, the guys that have made it through, I like, oh man, those guys made it through hell week. And we're talking, you know, the vast majority of the, the 70 to 80% of the people that don't make it through training quit during hell week. And so when they took away your brown shirt and like sent you back, You know, as a white shirt, and I just remember, like, I was in awe man of like, the attitude that you had. You were like, all right, I, This is what it is. Like we're gonna do it, you know, and, and I'm gonna go through this thing. I'm gonna be a, a team player for 2 41. I'm gonna tell what I know, I'm gonna support the team. And You know, we're all nervous, man. We've been up, up, You know, for, for nights on end, everyone's kind of freaking out.


We read these bible verses. They're trying to like strengthen each other and, and, and right as they kick off, You know, they come into the tents and they have an amazing way. I, I think I hadn't slept for easy 24 hours prior to that. Just as I was able to kind of relax enough to like fall asleep for, You know, 10 minutes, right? They'd come in, all of a sudden the blank fire's going off belt fit machine guns and grenade sims are being thrown. And, and I remember running out there and we had, we had instantly had quitters from the team that had been thinking about it. It got to their head and they're, they're already ringing the bell within minutes and we're running after the grinder. We're running around. And I remember them calling you out by name and getting and pulling you out of the class and, and, and then, and then giving you your brown share back.


And now you got the support. And it was, it was one of the coolest things I ever saw, man. Because there were so many people who would've been like, no way am I doing that. I, I just did, this is supposedly the toughest military training in the world. You're gonna make me go through it again. And like, that's what you were willing to do and you were a team player the entire time. And then even as a brown shirt rollback, man, you were checking on us, you were looking at us, you were like, Hey guys, You know, hey, you were just strength us giving us some encouragement. It was freaking cool, man. And, and I remember later you gave me some photos of all of us just like rap. We look like just, You know, just, just disaster. Like wet sandy, all like contorted on these cops swollen, you know, three days in when we get like our first chance to sleep for 45 minutes, hour, whatever.


And You know, you, but you like took taking photos for us, like just helping us out, looking out for us. And it was, it was awesome man. It just was a, it was like the consummate team player and the person that's gonna put the mission first. And you were like, Hey, they're telling me to do this. Cool. I'm gonna do it. And even you were, you were willing to go into that with such a great attitude and you could tell the instructor staff was like fired up by that. And You know, the, the respect and admiration that they had for you to be, to be willing to do that. And you were like, 'cause I don't how much you, you were, it wasn't immediate, right? Like it was, I mean, you were running around on the grinder. Yeah, we did the whole, I think we did the whole break. They, they, we did the whole breakout and then they, they they called me and the other two gents out first, first, surf, torture,


Lack of quality sleep can really affect every area of your life. And Helix Mattress can help change that. They can help with snoring, back pain, sleep apnea, or even if you sleep too hot. The best night's sleep I've ever had is on a Helix mattress. It's been amazing for me in helping me sleep through the night. And I'll bet it will be for you too. Helix is dedicated to helping everyone sleep better so they can have a better quality of life. I'm able to get a good night's rest and wake up feeling ready to take on the day thanks to Helix. And right now my listeners can go to Helix sleep.com/ss for 27% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with a mattress purchase. That's Helix sleep.com/ss for 27% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with a mattress purchase Helix sleep.com/ss.


Even though I'm excited for the new administration, there's a lot of tension in the world. Russia, Ukraine, the border inflation, who knows what could happen next. Me? I'm not waiting around to find out and I don't think you should either. Look it's simple. I want you to go to sean likes gold.com. You'll learn about my partners over at Goldco. They're a great precious metals company that I trust. They're one of the top rated gold companies in the industry with impeccable customer service and they support the show. And for my listeners, they're going to give you a free gold and silver kit where you can learn about how precious metals could help you protect your money. You could also get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. That extra 10% is a great way to get started. Plus it helps support the show. All you need to do is go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com. Make sure you do everything in your power to help protect what's yours. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


Yeah, so it was, we were probably 45 minutes or an hour of like solid physical beat down at this point. You probably are a hundred percent convinced that I was gone through the entire next five days of no sleep. And because Holcomb had actually told us like, they're probably gonna pull you guys out. We were like, like right before, and we're like, all right, whatever. And then I remember seeing him in breakout and I was like, they're not fucking pulling us out. And like he was just playing mind games with The money. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But well Thank you for saying that, man. I, I will say, I think the thing that sticks out the most, and you were a great fucking leader by the way.


I I really, I've really looked up to you, You know, going through buds and That means a lot, man. And I had a, a terrible mistake in third phase right before, right before we were done on the island. I had an ad with a blank round and talk about a, one of the most humiliating experiences of my entire fucking life. And yeah, I had an an is an is an ac accidental discharge. And I just remember getting called out immediately and I was like, fuck man, we're like a week away from getting outta here and we're done and I'm probably gonna get kicked out.


And I don't know what the conversations were, You know, behind the scenes. I never asked, but I just, I always respected you for not making, for not making more of a thing out of it and 'cause it could man that that's, You know, when you make a mistake like that, it's, you feel like the entire world's crashing down, You know? And, and, and I've never even talked about it before, but I Haven't thought about that in a long time. Yeah, and You know what though, Sean, like, to me like it was, failure is the best teacher. And, and I think that those are the things that I can't imagine that that helped you as a shooter and as an operator, You know, and as teaching tactics, you know, down the road, You know, those kinda lessons learned and, and the, the weight and pressure after all that you've been through, You know, weighing on you.


But for, You know, you were always like exactly the kind of person that we wanted to in the SEAL Teams. So I like exactly the kind of person I wanted. I remember at one point the instructor staff going through hell week saying like, who's not performing in your boat crew? Like, who's, you know, always, they're always trying to solicit like info. And I, I'd always be like, me, I'm not, I'm not performing, You know, I wasn't gonna throw guys under the bus or things like that. And then you, but you, you start to realize like, hey, they're, they, they want good people to serve in the SEAL Teams. And if, if you don't want somebody, if you wouldn't want somebody on your platoon, You know, if you wouldn't want to want to go to war with somebody, then that's like you owe it to the SEAL teams that like, these guys should be weeding out the program.


Right. That that's what the program is actually for. And, and So I think that was somebody like you were always an absolute standout performer. Always somebody that put the team first. And, and I mean to me, like, You know, I don't think that was ever a question in any of the instructor's minds. And, You know, and, and everything I could say positive about you was, was always said, man, 'cause you were a go getter. You got things done. You, you're smart, you're capable, you're talented, you are innovative, you are a hard worker. You are a physical putout guy all the time. And you, you absolutely the kind of guy, You know, that, that I wanted to serve in the seal ties with that, that other seals you would wanna serve with as well. And frankly, my hats off to you brother. 'cause I was 26 years old, man.


I was the old man. There were a, a couple guys wanted me, our leading petty officer and, and a couple, the, our, our non-commissioned officers. But man, I was, I had 26 years of, You know, maturity experience for, for you to do that as an 18-year-old, You know, to have the maturity to train and the discipline to actually train and, and, and to put out and to be able to make the Attorney Brook. I, I don't think I could have done that at 18, man. So, I mean that's, to me, that's, that's what I loved about the SEAL teams. It was always about the guys and the quality of the people that I got to serve with and, and guys like you, man. And that's, that's what I love most about Buds is like, Hey, we might be getting beat on this might be physically punishing, but we could look at each other and just laugh about how ridiculous this situation was and, and or how funny it was or how much we were actually suffering.


And, You know, that, that, that's the best of the Seal case, Man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm with you, man. And, and You know, like I said, your reputation perceived you and, and went with you everywhere you went. And so moving outta buds, I mean, where did you, we all get a gr a dream sheet. Where, where did you want to go? Where, what team? I wanted to be on the West Coast, You know, just 'cause I'd been stationed in San Diego. My friends were out there, just, You know, I, I had spent some time on a, a ship during a Midship and cruise in, in Virginia Beach. And, and I just, I like San Diego, You know, I, I'd gotten to know it better and my closest friends were there.


So I think I'd put West Coast Seal Teams and I got service selected, or, or I say service selected. I got selected for, I was gonna be sent to SEAL Team one. And excuse me, the, So I got sent to Seal Team one and or I, I had orders to Seal Team one. And that was a problem for me because in their rotation, like as You know, I, I put on lieutenant in in Bud s and So I was already a senior guy. What that was gonna do was I was gonna, I was gonna start as a one-time platoon commander, So I would've had, I wouldn't have shit to being an assistant platoon commander under my belt. And that was a problem I was gonna like, instead of, You know, having a full workup cycle and deployment as a, an assistant platoon commander, which would give some experience in the SEAL Teams that gimme some perspective, I, I just didn't think that was good for me.


It wasn't good for the SEAL teams. And so luckily I had some good friends that it was my same, my same friend that was at Seal Team Five and several other friends that were there, they went in and talked to the executive officer and commanding officer at Seal Team Five. And they pulled some strengths from me and got the D Theater, cut me some new orders. So I went to Seal Team five and as, as an assistant platoon commander. So even though I was a, I was a lieutenant, I, And I never thought of that. I got a chance to be a, a platoon c command. It, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. And I'm so thankful for, You know, my friends that were there for the senior leaders that were there, that pulled strengths for me and made that happen and, and really opened some doors for me. So we got a, got a chance to go through and got a chance to serve with some of our, our mutual friends.


Elliot, Elliot, you know, from our Buds class who may be Elliot may be the most senior, the, the most significantly wounded living seal, like through the, the G Wat era. Yeah. You know, who got Wounded Ramadi and, and TBI, you know, and, and lost his leg wheelchair bound, like, like, You know, significant injuries. But just an amazing guy man and such an awesome dude and always loved like stories from Buds. I, I pull strings to get him over to Seal Team five and try to stack that opportunity. He was coming out of, You know, the 18 Delta Combat Medic course, especially Forces Combat Medic course and all our corpsmen went to.


But it was, it was great to be there with Elliot, some of the guys that were in, You know, classes just, just before us and, and behind us. We'll get into, we'll get into deployment cycles and everything that happened, but just real quick, I mean, when you, when you pinned your Trident on, you'd been passed up, you didn't get selected two different times. One in the academy, one a couple years after the academy, then you make it through straight with no hangups. I mean, who was your first phone call when you, when you passed Buds, when you got through? My first full call was to, to my, my dad. My dad, mom who were praying, praying for me the whole time and knew that's what I wanted to do.


And, and, You know, just wanted to thank them for their love and support, you know, and all the, all the prayers. And, and that was, I think my dad has since got, You know, disappeared. But he had a voicemail for me after, after Hell week that I called and left for him, you know, to as well. But that was, it was a proud moment, man. And, and getting that, getting that trit and you and I, you know, we didn't get pinned together 'cause that was at SQT during the time, but it, I remember, remember well, Ty Woods Yeah. Who was, You know, our instructor at Seal Qualification training that he probably probably pinned your tri on his chest just like he did for me.


Yeah. As well, man, that we later lost in, in Boi was an awesome guy. And yeah, that, that, that blood pinning ceremony was, was something that the, we, we had a full on Navy investigation on. I had to answer all these questions and Oh Man. Really? Yeah. And they, they were like, You know, this can't happened. This is hazing. And, and so they, they, an officer was like, like doing an investigation and I was like, I was like, I was like, I wasn't hazing. Like this is completely voluntary. This wasn't hazing in any way, shape, or form. Like I saw that as that, I saw that as a ritual that was like, This is what I wanted to be a part of. And So I asked him, the investigating officer was like, Hey, did you, did you get your tri pin on?


He was like, That was a different time. Oh shit. He was a seal. Yeah. I was Like, that was a different time. I was like, there was no, no hazing whatsoever. Took place. Yeah. Ah, that's awesome, man. Yeah. That's awesome. Well, you know, I do have one other question, and I had no idea you guys were studying the Bible on buds and, You know, I think, I think at least for me, faith in general kind of dissipated into nothing for a, for a very long time until recently. And I'm, I'm just curious, did you, did that stick with you throughout your entire career? Man, I've fallen so far, Sean, I've stumbled, you know, as, as much as anyone out there.


And I'm glad I had the foundation, You know, built to me, I think, and by the way, man, you, you're a, it's, I love that you share your faith with people. I think that's an incredible thing. I don't know how people who have been through dark times in their life make it through without faith. Man, I I, people ask me, how is it that you're doing okay? You know? And, and I think knowing that there is a creator that's in charge of the universe that has all things planned out and has a plan for each one of us, right? That, that to me is, is everything. And knowing that you can screw everything up and all you have to do is simply just ask for forgiveness and, and, and strive to, to, to, to follow the righteous path as best you can, knowing that we're all gonna fall short of the mark.


You know? But that's all it takes. And, and I think there, that to me is, is is everything. And it, it's, I think, thank God that was instilled in me at an early age. I didn't realize, or or fully appreciate that I, I went to, I went to the, the, the public school. I went to a, a private school at a small, like three room log, cabin schoolhouse until I was in like fifth grade. And then I went to public school in a, in a small, You know, the East Texas public school. And then before my junior, I transferred to a, a, a public school, or I'm sorry, a private Catholic school in the, the bigger town of Beaumont. It was about an hour away in southeast Texas.


And so, You know, it was, it was the level of education there I think was gonna open some more opportunities for me. It was probably easier to get accepted into the Naval Academy, You know, as, as a result of that, or one of the servers, academies. But it wasn't until I started going to school and, You know, I was going to school in, in the Catholic school was outstanding school. We had a religious class every semester. And, and I was going to, to school with kids that had, had been in a religious class every, from kindergarten on, You know, and I remember the in, so this is my junior year and, and this was my first ever like, religious class. 'cause in public school we, we didn't, we didn't have that. But I went to, You know, Sunday school every Sunday with him, the first Baptist church at Woodville.


I was in involved in the youth group. And we, we would constantly, my dad would study the Bible and talk about it at home. It was constantly something that we referenced and talked about. And, and So I remember the teacher in, in, in high school in this, this at, at Monsignor Kelly High school asking like, in, in the, the, in, in the spiritual class there, like, what is, how did the Israelites get to Egypt? And, and I was like, You know, I just, I was kinda looking around the room. I was ready for somebody to jump in. And I was like, I was like, I just raised my hand and, and, and I thought I talked about Joseph, the code of many colors. And You know, his brother sold him into slavery.


And then, You know, he's, which is an amazing story from the Bible, right? Joseph is sold into slavery by his brothers that are jealous of him. He goes, his brothers think he's dead. He goes to Egypt years later, there's a famine in the land of Canaan. His brothers bow down before him and are asking for, You know, for food supplies. And, and, and what he says to him is that, You know what you use for good. You know what, what you meant for evil. God chose to, to use for good. And so all the Israelites come. And so they, they, and they start to become, You know, populous in Egypt. They, they eventually be slave 400 years of slavery that results from that in Egypt until Moses leaves him out.


And I was kinda looking around the room like, well, everyone knows the answer to that question. And afterward people were like, dude, like what? How did You know that? And I was like, I was like halfway paying attention and like Baptist Sunday School, You know, like getting kicked out 'cause I was bad and, You know, cutting up and punching people the back of the head. But I realized like, like studying the Bible was that there, that had been ingrained in me that that's something my, my, my family did. That's something that we did in church and my youth group, like opening the word studying the word. And, and I'm so thankful for that, that foundation that that was built to me. I mean, there's times when I strayed very, very far, you know, from that. But I, I, I thank God that that always has brought me back to like the truth, right?


Always understanding that there's forgiveness for anything. And, and, and that all it takes, you know, is to, is to recognize your own failures and flaws. And none of us are actually good enough, You know, to, to achieve righteousness on our own and only through the, the blood of Jesus can, can we do that? And and that's all it takes. So that to me is, I've shared that with, with many people when I talk about it, You know, we don't need an openly secular organization at Echelon Front. But I think there's so many foundations of that are biblically rooted, right? When it talks to being humble. I mean, you know, the, you can't study scripture and not realize like abject humility is like, is is like continually the theme, You know, the the the proud will be humbled and the humble would be exalted.


And, and, and that's throughout the, the scripture, particularly in the, in, in the New Testament. But I, I think, You know, the idea that like, if we gotta take ownership of our problems, like we're never gonna actually be good enough. And that's, that's what prevents us from, You know, from achieving salvation. So that to me, I, I think to me, faith is everything. And I think having that foundation that's, You know, that that's built in and, and and study of the word. I try to be like the Paul talks about the, the noble berean who after he would preach to them in the synagogue, would study the word to see if these things were so, so, right? You hear something in a sermon, you hear something from a pastor, hear something from somebody in the world, we would actually search the word, open up the Bible, study scripture, make sure that that actually is the truth.


And, and that it's, it's it's open for any of us to study and, and and know. But I just, you know, it's been really cool to, to hear about your spiritual journey. And I, and I Thank you for sharing that. 'cause I think for so many people out there, they're trying to find some answer, you know? Yes. In the secular world, they're trying to find whether it's fame or fortune or money, You know, power followers on social media, whatever it may be. And, and, and they're never gonna find that, right? That we, we all know that, that that doesn't lead to happiness. It is the, and, and I think being grounded in that, by the way, have you, you ever been to the Paler Versailles? I don't think so. So the Paler Versailles, I, I got a chance to go to Francis Summer just before the 80th anniversary of the, the Normandy invasions.


Oh man. And I did a GORUCK event there. We did the 80 kilometer ruck, you know, about 50 miles. It was brutal man. 19 hour, get some evolution, but awesome to do that with the Gor team. And, but we, we went to the Palace of Versailles and my wife and I took our kids there and, and You know, we had a, a nanny there that came and helped us with the kids. And she did some great reporting there. And the Palace of Versailles is probably the greatest monument to the idea that money and power and fame and fortune, it can buy you happiness. It is the most magnificent place you could ever go. Like Golden Gates. And I mean, this was the seat of power, right? For the, you know, for the, for the French kingdom from Louis the iv.


It was the Sun King at the height of Francis Power, one of the most powerful people in the entire world, You know, all the way through Louis the 16th, who eventually, you know, he and his wife Marie Antoinette were led to the guillotine. And I think one of the reasons that happened is, 'cause I don't think they had a clue what was going on outside the palace, man. It is, I think they were, they're surrounded by people who you can walk around these amazing gardens and this incredible just ornate palace that would've just eclipse. It's mind blowing to think about the power and fame and fortune and influence and, you know, that was going on. This is the reality show, right? Yes. TV time that everybody wants to be a part of, and, and you just sense that it's probably the most miserable place you could be.


Right? You can't trust anybody. Everybody's got their agenda. Everyone's trying to, you know, to undermine the the other, and, and it's, it, it, it's, I think it's just a living monument to that. I think it's worth going and worth seeing. Very interesting, You know, for that. But it's again, just leading us back to the faith of like, what buys you happiness, right? It's, it's the, it's the, the, the, the proud will be humbled and the, the humble will be exalted. And only through recognizing my own failures, abject failures and flaws and weaknesses, you know, can I actually find salvation, You know, through, through, through Jesus. And I hope that's something that, that others can turn to and, and see because that is, that is how you, you find peace in this world.


I'm not like extremely wealthy or anything, but it does. But, You know, I'm working towards it. And so doesn't the Bible say something like, a rich man has like a fucking, It's easier for a camel to pass to the, the eye of a needle. Yeah. What do you think about that? Yeah, These are, those are great questions, man. I think Abraham was very wealthy, right? I had massive herds. So did Isaac, so did Jacob. Joseph became the second only to Pharaoh in Egypt, you know, the most powerful empire of the, the time, you know, and, and the day, I think, I think God, I mean, Joe job was, You know, was given a tremendous wealth, right?


That's one of the things that was taken away from him that when Satan was trying to get him to, to, to curse God. So I think there's, I think God, I, I, I think, I think God gives us, I think as long as you remember that the, it belongs to God, it belongs to God. And so you can choose that to do good with it, You know, or you can choose it to be selfish with it. I think God has given you the means to, to, to help people. And, and I think, I kinda like Dave Ramsey's take on it, You know, when you have like the, the, you can't help your, you can't help anybody else out, right? If you came to me and you're like, Hey, la I'm having trouble paying my bills and You know, I, I might lose my house here if I can't pay my mortgage and if I don't have my own finances in order, like, I can't help you.


I can't do anything for you. So like, I need to, if I, if I have my finances in order, then I have the ability to actually have the means to help you. It it enables me to help other people. So I think when it becomes, when it becomes the object of worship as like, no, no, I want more money, it's money for the sake of money, I think that's where it becomes a problem. And when You know that it's all man, it's all like, it's just all dust, right? Yeah. It's, you can't take any of it with you. And I think when people kinda hold that up, it's like, This is what success looks like. I think you do have to be careful that it's, there is, You know, I think that Jesus talked about the Jewish culture of the day was like, Hey, if, if someone was poor, well that means that God, like, You know, they did something bad.


If someone was rich, then God had blessed them, they did something good. And Jesus threw that on its head. Like that thinking is not true at all. In fact, when his disciples had asked him, You know, when, when he encountered a blind man, You know, who sinned, this man or his parents, and Jesus said, neither this man is blind so that God could be glorified and then he healed them. You know? So I mean, I think it's, it, it just throws out the idea that like, You know, bad things can happen to us at any time, right? All of this can be, you know, can be given and, and taken away. And I think as long as you use the means that are given to you for good, You know, to help those in need to help others in need. And that's, I love what you're doing that man with like the veterans advocacy groups and, and, and bringing people into the fold.


Like not working yourself, right? So you can actually help people and, and, and get them into the fold so they can get taken care of and get the benefits they deserve, You know, through, through the va. I just think, I, I think those things using the platform that you've been given for good man, like, that's, that's, that's, you've been given this platform for a reason, man. God has placed you in that position for a reason. Yeah. And you, you can choose to use it for good or ill, right? And, and when you share your faith with people, when you try to help those in need and try to actually reach out to those that are struggling you in hard times, like you're using it for good man. And that's what I think has been so awesome about seeing your success, Man. Thank you. Yeah. It's just something, I don't know, man.


I think about it all the time. 'cause, 'cause You know, I wanna, I wanna set future generations of my family up to, it's how you don't get pushed around, you know what I mean? I, in my opinion is, is you, you, you create enough wealth to where you can't be fucking pushed around anymore. And that's like something that's really important to me. I don't want, I just, I just don't wanna see you look, you see ev all these fucking families and everybody's getting pushed around, man pushed around in their beliefs, You know, you see it in, you see it everywhere.


And, and it just, like, from the, I mean, it just looks like the people that don't get pushed around are the ones that that work themselves up to be, to be wealthy so that they, You know, they, they can afford to, You know what I mean? Pull their fucking kids outta school and put 'em over here. Yeah. And, and I think there's definitely something to that man, right? I mean, if you, if you become unc cancelable, you know? Yeah. Like where, where somebody, somebody, they're trying to put the pressure on you, You know? And you could say like, well, I'm not gonna do that, You know, or Hey, I'm gonna, oh, I, yeah, that might be a big paycheck, but I'm not actually gonna take that sponsorship.


'cause I don't want you dictating what I get to say. You know, I'm, I'm never, I'm never, I'm never fucking like that, You Know? Well, I think that's what's been awesome, man. That's what's driven the success of your show, man. I mean, there's no question in my mind about that. Like, you get to, you get to talk to people, you want to talk to, you don't pull punches. Yeah. You don't like, you know, you say what you wanna say. And I, I think, and not that you're not smart about it or professional about it, You know, but I think there's, I I think the self-censorship man that you were talking about with Joe, You know, on, on the Rogan Joe Rogan experience was like, that's, that's the worst of all Right. Or like, oh, I shouldn't say that. 'cause yeah, someone doesn't want to say that. I mean, I, I just think it's, I think that's the kind of thing where I think there's enough people pushing back on things now where that pendulum is starting to swing back where people are like, yeah, we've had, we've had enough of that.


Yeah, I think so too. I mean, is that something you think about though building when you're building your business? Totally about the, the, the wealth stuff and what the Bible says about Totally, man. What was the, what was the, what was the passage again? The camel, It's, it's easier for a rich man to pass through the eye of a needle is the, is the passage that Jesus talks about. Now there's some controversy about whether or not he is talking about an actual geographic place or an actual needle himself. Like what? And then he was asked about it. His, his disciples are asked about it. He says, he's saying it's not impossible. And there clearly are many, many, You know, many examples of wealthy people, including Joseph of Arimathea, who was a wealthy man, that Jesus was laid in his tomb, Nicodemus, who was the one of the Pharisees.


And, and Jesus called him the, the teacher in Israel, in, in John, where he comes to Jesus by night and asks like, you know, how do you get to heaven? You know, how do you be born again? And, and so those are things that these, these were, these were believers that were wealthy and positions of power and, and use their, their power for good, You know, know. Interesting. Yeah. It's just, you know, it's something I always think about and I know Jesus is, you know, all about family. And so if the goal is to, You know, protect your family with it and everybody around you, then I, I just don't see how it could be bad. But, You know, I don't know.


I get wrapped up in these little I struggle with too, man. I struggle with it too, You know, as, as we started to gain some success as well. But I mean, the cool thing is like, you as you're, you're, I mean, you've got a growing business, right? You're, you're, you're employing people. Like you're, you're creating livelihoods for people. You're, I think that's, that's huge, man. That bills our economy. Yeah. And you're promoting, you know, the, the sponsors in those companies, you know, that, that employ people. I mean, those, those things all have huge impact. So you gotta, you can't lose track of that. I think we live in a society where you kinda get demonized, right? Of like success. Yeah. And you shouldn't be apologetic for it. I think you should be, again, confident, not cocky, right?


Like you confident knowing like, Hey, This is what I'm supposed to do. This is God's given me the opportunity to do, do this. I'm gonna use this platform for good, and then I'm gonna help people in need. If I see someone in need, I can help them. Cool. I'm gonna, I'm gonna absolutely help them. And I'm gonna use that the, the means that I've been given for good. And I think also, again, knowing that like, ultimately our faith is not in money or savings or even our firearm stash, as much as I hate to admit that in our house, right? Our faith is in the almighty creator of the universe who's in charge of all things, man. And, and even if he lost everything, right? It it like job did You know he still owned the throne. He still has a plan. And that's, that's, that's, that's where your faith lies.


You know, it's A lot of people looking for that right now. A lot of people looking for that. It's really, it's cool to see, You know, how many people are coming to the word, but, well, Leif, let's take a break and when we come back, we'll pick up at Seal Team Five.


Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance that you can get done right from your couch and it can be done all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Just go to meet fabric.com/sean, that's meet fabric.com/sean. The new Year's here, and this is when I reevaluate all of my family's needs. My kids are another year older, so planning for my family's financial security is my top priority. Fabric provides me help with protecting my family. And Fabric can help you too. Fabric has flexible policies that will fit your budget like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. There's absolutely no risk. They offer a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. Join me in the thousands of parents who trust Fabric to protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@meatfabric.com slash sean. That's meat fabric.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health questions.


I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter and the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CAA Targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing.


And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief Sign up links in the description or in the comments.


We'll see you in the newsletter. Alright, LA we're back from the break. You're getting into, you're getting ready to check into Seal Team five as a brand new guy, but in oh three. And so let's just talk about, You know, what that experience was like, checking in. Let's go to day one. Yeah, it was awesome. Walk across the, the, the, the quarter deck there at Seal Team five. And we were in the old kind of quo huts, You know, then, and we, we ended up building like a new building that was all kind of fancy. And I mean, some of those old quads that hunt have been out there since the World War ii, you know, underwater Demolition team days.


But it was awesome. I, I knew a bunch of people at Seal Team five. It was great to be a new guy there. There was a bunch of pipe pitters there, there were people that were just, they had just come back. I checked in, in, I, we, we came back from Alaska, our, our winter war for training trip, which I did in August of 2000 and, and three, which was actually miserable. It was like 40 degrees and raining on us, You know, for a lot of the time. But we had a great time up there, You know, on on the fa we, we awesome fishing. And we came back, excuse me, we came back from, from that and I immediately went on like an elk hunting trip with my dad and, and my brother. We went up to the mountain, to Colorado and, and went and pursued some, some elk with our bows.


And then I came in, I checked in his SEAL Team five and the guys were just, a couple of people had just come back, but the team was deployed, so Iraq War had just kicked off. And, and so, You know, seal Team five had taken over from team three that had done kind of the initial takedowns of the, the, the oil platforms off the coast. And then Seal Team Five had really gotten to the mix with, with the, the das, right? The Direct action missions, the Capture Kill raids. And they were, they, they started using vehicles and, and, and, and jumping in, You know, using those vehicles as like their mobility element. I think they initially had to borrow vehicles from the National Guard unit 'cause we didn't have a capability in the SEAL Teams at the time. And, and so that became, like, I came back and the guys that were coming back from that deployment that started trickling back, You know, over the, in, in in the fall were, were highly experienced.


I mean, they had more experience than any, any SEAL units. It's Vietnam at that point. Yeah. So it was really cool to learn from them and talk about the real world experiences that they were, You know, that they were, they were getting, and, and it was just, just a lot of great mentors, a lot of open up notebooks and ask a lot of questions. So what, I mean, what was, it's just such a different experience than, You know, from what I experienced. I mean, you're, you're going, especially going to Team five, I didn't know that they were the kind of the first ones out the door doing it in, in Iraq. And so, You know, as a, as a lieutenant in oh three, I mean, we've already discussed the fact that you were gonna have to do a platoon commander, which means, You know, you're in charge of everyone in the platoon for those that are listening and you're able to, You know, finagle your way into kind of an a OI or not kind of an A OIC slot is what it sounds like.


So second in charge and you're, you're, You know, from your words, you're getting ready to lead men who have the most experience out of the entire SEAL team organization at all of Naval Special Warfare since Vietnam. I mean, what is that, what is that like for, to walk into that, You know, with, with with, I mean a junior guy right outta SQT I mean we basically, yeah, we're seals, but we really don't know shit, You know, and we haven't really experienced anything other than training. And you got these guys coming back who you just mentioned, capture, kill missions.


They're getting after it. It, It, it was very intimidating, man. I, when I graduated buds, You know, when you and I, you and I graduated buds together, You know, I, we felt like, hey, we just graduated buds. Like, You know, we're ready to go take on the world, right? Then you start going into s QT seal qualification training, you start getting some of the fundamentals of close quarters combat and land warfare and you know, maritime operations, you realize, well man, there's a lot, I don't know. And then you start getting that first workup, you're like, I don't know anything. I know absolutely nothing. And then I deployed to combat, You know, I deployed to, to to Iraq and when I was leading my first combat missions, like I know absolutely nothing at all. Like, it's even less than nothing. So it definitely was very humbling. It was cool though, because there was, You know, I think just realizing that like, Hey, I can learn from these guys.


Let me talk to 'em. Lemme, lemme understand what, what they, what they know. And I think everyone was trying to like get in the, You know, into the war effort. Everyone get a, got a chance to, You know, everyone wanted a chance to go, go forward and, and be in the fight. And for me, like right off the bat, our very first training block was, was the, our very first training block was, was the assaults block. And, and so we started, You know, going, going through and learning that and You know, doing our close quarters combat. And then we did our, we did our, our visit board search and Caesar block, You know, shortly thereafter that, and it was, that was, I, I, I had had a bunch of experience boarding ships as we talked about, You know, in, in the Persian Gulf.


So I climbed down these ships onto a, You know, I climb down the, the Jacob ladder, right? The rope ladder and the plastic rungs that you lower, You know, from the side of the ship. I've climbed up and down those things a thousand times. And in my very first VBSS training block, we're doing some hooking climbs from the 11 meter ribs, you know, from the, from the, the special boat team, the detachment that took us out. We're 13 miles off the coast of San Diego and we're boarding in the duty oil, right? It's like 800 foot long U US Navy service ship. This is the ship that, like the other, that that's refueling the, you know, the Navy warships and the carriers. And, and so we're 13 miles off the coast of San Diego and we're doing the hook and climbs, you know, climbing up that little caving ladder just as if you, as you've done.


And I remember I was about to walk off the, the deck. I was like the first down on the ladder to climb back down onto the rib. And we'd had a guy that was driving the boat. They, they clearly had a new coxswain at the helm. Like he was somebody who was having a tough time. You know, and you remember what it's like when you're climbing up that little, You know, oh yeah, heaving ladder, right? You're getting, if your boat's going, you know, left and right, like, You know, are moving out, hauling out from the ship. Like it's treacherous as you're trying to climb up the 25 foot freeboard and you're bouncing up and down the waves. And So I, we kinda complained about it, you know, this guy can't drive the boat. And people were kind of complained about it, but no one, no one said anything. I didn't say anything. And so I'm about to climb down. So now the cave ladder, we climbed up, we cleared the ship, we took down the bridge, and so now we're gonna do another run.


And they threw the, the, the Jacobs ladder over the side, this big heavy, You know, rope ladder with the plastic rungs. This is now admin, right? We're just climbing down back onto the rib. So I'm climbing down this thing and right before I go, one of the trading detachment instructors that's running the training says, don't be scared B And he made some comment like that. I'm like, whatever. You know, I just, I just like, like I was like, man, I've done this a thousand times, dude, I, I, I walked out, I, I, So I, I get down to the bottom rung of the ladder, right? The water line, the waves are going up and down. The rib comes in as the ribs about to haul out from the side of the ship, I go to step on, or as the rib comes in, I'm about to go step onto the ship and the rib hauls out probably 10 or 12 feet from the side of the ship.


And I went right down in between, oh, the rib and the ship. And it would've been fine if I had positive flotation, only went and did our dip test, the combat turning tank, You know, just like we're supposed to, we have positive flotation on man. If not, I'd have been 2000 feet on the bottom, you know, off the coast of San Diego out there. But it, it was, I go, I, I got my, my leg wrapped up in the painter line. Oh shit. So now I'm getting dragged upside down underwater by this 800 foot long vessel. And, and I mean, I didn't know what to do. I mean, it, this was, they're going like 12 knots, which is a lot of pressure, You know, if you're underwater, the, the, and, and my leg is like suspended, but my body's like underwater.


I got my helmet, body armor, weapon, You know, radio, all that stuff on me. Luckily we had a, a weapon shape, not a real weapon. 'cause I, I ditched that, you know, as soon as I could, I was trying to get to my, You know, my little scuba bottle. The heats bottle that got just ripped away by the force of the water. So I couldn't get to that. The rib comes in and just, and, and they're trying to rescue me and they just smash me between the, the rib and the ship. And luckily I had, if I'd had a, if I'd had a ProTech on a plastic helmet, I'd have been killed. Almost certainly would've smashed my head, man. It, I had my Kevlar on. And so it, it, the, the boat smashed my nose. It just kinda like fileted my nose open. But the rib realized they can't help me. So they just kinda hauled off and they were sitting probably 200 yards off the, You know, off the, the corridor.


Just kind of, just no one knew what to do. The guys on the ladder didn't know what to do. And I'm, I'm, You know, I'm, I'm trying to reach the water. Every time I tried to get my hand, I would just get ripped right back down by the force of the wave. So I, I, within probably, You know, it felt like an hour, right? It probably was two or three minutes. But it, I, I very quickly realized like, I'm, I'm not gonna survive this man. This is, this is over. Wow. Holy shit. And it just happened like that. And it was, I just remember thinking, what a stupid way to go, man. This, this is like, this is so dumb. You know, I've done this a a thousand times and luckily some heads up guys on the ladder, my teammates above me on the ladder, they realized, You know, climb back.


They climbed back up the Jacob's ladder and they, everyone was kind of just wondering what to do. And they started, one guy was like, Hey, let's hold this thing. And they started holding it in by hand. And they lifted me. I mean, that was a massive feat of strength and very heads up, You know, for them to do. 'cause it was a contingency that they hadn't really even thought about. And so they, they started hauling the ladder in, and, and as it lifted me up outta the water, the painter rope popped free off my leg and I floated down the side of the ship. Damn. And I mean, I could see just blood pouring down my face. The, the rib, the, so the rib outta led me to rib comes over to pick me up. I just float right down the side of the ship. They, I'm, I'm kind of in the stern wash, You know, as they come pick me up.


And they, they, their faces were white. I mean, they were like, eyes this big. I must have just looked, you know, probably thought you were dead blood just pouring everywhere. And, and I, I, I probably looked especially crazy, Sean. 'cause I had a gigantic smile on my face. I was laughing because I was So, I was so happy to be alive, man. And I, I did not think I was going to live through that. And I was, I was stoked. And, and actually Elliot Miller was the corpsman on that man. Elliot treated me. And, and I was keeping pressure on my face. Took me to Balboa, you know, they got me stitched up. I sat out for another couple weeks till the stitches healed, You know? And, and damn and got our, got our go plats on gas. Holy shit. Point.


Holy. So how did you, how did you, how did you gain the respect of the, of the guys, of the seasoned guys coming back from combat? Man, I don't know if I did a great job. I'll tell you. I, I learned, I made a lot of mistakes and, and as I said earlier, like mistakes are the, the best teacher. And I think so many of you know, when you asked me like, what, what are you looking for in a leader? Humility is number one. Because I think so many of the mistakes that I made particularly early on were when I was really trying to prove myself. You know, when I was like, I need to show people that I'm a competent leader and I need to show people that I know what I'm doing and I'm in charge of this or You know, that. And, and I made all kinds of mistakes like that. You know, instead of actually what you need to do is show people that you're humble.


What you need to do is show people that you can listen. What you need to do is show people that you can lean on the most experienced people. We were lucky. We, we had a super squared away crew in, in our, in my first platoon UHS team five Bravo platoon. And, and they were awesome man. Like it was a, a great crew of guys. We had a stellar crew of new guys and we had some, some experienced guys that had just come back from, from combat. And it was, and we had a, we had, we, we had a, our, our platoon was, was tough as nails man because our, our, our physical training coordinator was Dave Goggins, who was, oh shit. He had all our training and Dave was exactly who, who, who you see Dave the day, man, it was, you could always tell our platoon 'cause no one had any skin on their shins.


'cause we were constantly climbing ropes doing, you know, hundreds of pull ups and running like crazy. And he organized all the PTs and it was good, man. It was, it was a good Time. I'll bet it was good with that guy wrote on it. Holy shit man. Well when did you find out? So you check into Team five, we talked about that. When, when did you find out where you're deploying to? We were all fighting to go to Chance, You know, to get a chance to go to Iraq. And we, we've, we learned that we were gonna get surged, You know, forward with, they were gonna combine, we were gonna be part of Seal Team Three's deployment. So they took, they took some of the platoons from Team five and split 'em up. And, and so the plan was to go half of that to Iraq and then half of the Pacific Theater, You know, to run JS SATs with our, our, you know, partners.


And so we knew we were gonna go Iraq first of all. And then all of a sudden the, You know, seals got handed the, the personal security detail mission for the top five interim Iraqi officials. I dunno, did you get, did you get tied up in that for your first Appointment? We did. Well, not for my first one. You know, we talked about my first one at breakfast when I went to Baghdad, we did, we were ta the whole team was tasked with it. And we had a very, just a really fucking cool OIC and I don't wanna say his name 'cause I don't know what he is doing nowadays. He might still be in, but he started farming us out to, he started farming us out to conventional units and who were having problems with, with, with the ID stuff going on.


And so they, yeah, they sent us, he got us into all these different locations helping, training and going on operations with, with conventional units, primarily army units. And we would do like a mini workup training course on, on sniper operations, take the guys out and then get rid of the problem, You know, kill the bad guys. And, and, and so we, I never had to do any PTs or P-T-S-P-S-D personal security details in Iraq. 'cause he had farmed us out. That's awesome.


Yeah, Well, I can't tell you that, that, I mean, having done a bunch of that on that first deployment for, for a few weeks and then on, on our second deployment to, to Ramadi just seeing, You know, so much of that war was a defensive war, right? For those guys that were, You know, when the, when the enemies, seven to 80% of, of of attacks are IEDs, You know, roadside bombs and, and when there's nothing to shoot back at, You know? Yeah. And you don't even know who placed it there. And you're losing guys and you're hauling your dead and wounded comrades outta the street. There was nothing, I think more powerful, you know, for a morale booster than, You know, for those conventional units that know the soldiers and marines that were out there in the streets running those convoys, knowing that they had frog men on the high ground snipers that were, that had their backs, You know, and were covering for them so they could move.


I think it was, it was phenomenal to be able to do that and support those guys. Yeah. And, And I think it was, it was, it was just game changer, You know? And if you think about every, every bad guy you eliminated, right? As more soldiers and marines are coming home to their families as a result. And, and I don't, I don't think we did near enough of it. And some of the people that criticized us, You know, later of like, that's not a special operations mission. I was like, man, you, You know what you're talking about, man. Yeah. This is, this is, these are Americans that are getting killed. Like whatever we can do to try to help win this thing and help more of them come home to their families is This is what we're gonna do. It was awesome, man. I mean, You know, not only the operations that we did, but, but we ran into, and several of these, I've talked about this before and a lot of the guys that, a lot of the conventional guys that we worked with emailed in saying, Hey, I was, I was the 18-year-old that got that killed that day, or, or thanking us.


And we ran into, I think it was, I think it was the 10th mountain guys that we worked with. They were the first ones we got co-located with and we ran, and they were the last ones that we saw. We ran into him at the chow hall at the end of the deployment. And, and one of the sniper teams that we had trained and taken out came up and they were like, Hey, we've killed X amount of, You know, more bad guys. We have not had any casualties since you guys put us through that.


And we just wanna, like, all of our equipment's different. They've changed everything. They took all the recommendations that we had and implemented just about everything. And, and it was just cool to see man, like the impact after you're gone. You know, like we went there, these guys were getting blown up, like every day we killed the guys in the first 12 hours, I think. And, and then moved on to the next unit and ended like to run into those guys three or four months later, whatever it was. And, and to, to see 'em like still doing the job effectively, probably even more effectively.


And, and taken zero casualties when they were every other day. I was like, it's just fucking cool, man. You know? I mean to, I mean, how many, how many guys are still walking around today that would've been killed had we not gone there and trained with them? And then they have kids and their kids will have kids. And I mean, you're, when you, when that kind of shit happens, like you're not just saving a life, it's, it's an entire fucking line of lineage, You know, that is gonna be roaming the earth. Because 16 guys from a seal platoon went and trained with that unit and brought 'em on a real world operation.


And it's cool to think about, you know, That's awesome, man. That's outstanding. And I think you sometimes when you know, when you, when you think what, what it's all about and like, you know, all this loss of life and You know, friends that we lost and families that have been destroyed, You know, and in the wake of it and, and even those guys that are seriously wounded as well, right? Lives are changed and altered forever. It's really good to remember that, man. It's good to remember the impact of that. I think it's a little bit like that, you know, it's kinda like it's a wonderful life right? With, with George Bailey there and get a chance to see like, You know, what it would've been like if you didn't do that stuff right? And, and I think, I think it's a good reminder, man of, of the impact that it has.


And it's, it's just, it's so much bigger than us. Like for me, like I was gonna do everything in my power always right? To help try to, try to bring as many Americans home as, as we could, do everything we could to do as much damage to the enemy as we could. And, and I think that's, that's just an obligation that we all have. And, and so for me, like it was, I was, I, I was lucky enough we got assigned that, that security detail mission and the team right before us had been given it. And man, that was, that was not what we wanted as you remember. But I think Blackwater came in with like a, a bid, it was like a hundred million dollars per, you know, per guy.


And the Bush administration said negative, that's too expensive. Seals, you got it. But I think the seeing that like, You know, two of those guys had been assassinated, You know, in the months prior to the SEAL teams taking over it. And so when this is like a no fail mission, we have to keep these five interim Iraqi government officials alive. I loved one of the guys that passed down to, to me, you know, from the previous SEAL team said, You know, we know there's bad guys looking at us. We know they're gonna try to, You know, they're gonna try to take us out at some point. Our whole goal is just to make 'em say, not today, not today. They look at us not today, and we're gonna be, You know, we're gonna be a hard target. They're gonna look at us, not today we're, we will try somewhere else. We'll go hit some softer target somewhere.


And, and I thought that was something that always stuck with me. And, and, and the seals did that amazingly well. I kept all those guys alive. It was frustrating for me as a, as a, as a, I got to go out with a detail every once in a while, but most of the time I was assigned to the tactical operation center. So I'm in there as the, as the liaison officer, You know, just tracking their movements and kind of setting up their, the logistics not what I wanted to do, but it was a job that needed to be done. And, and I felt like I was probably the best guy, you know, to be able to do it for my platoon and, and help them and support them. Learned a ton, You know, about, about passing information back to the talk and how they can best support you. And luckily I had a great executive officer who, who sent me out.


He tasked 12 of us, bunch of us from, You know, from Seal Team five, seal Team eight, got a chance to go go and, and be a part of some sniper operations up at Samara supporting the, the big Red one first division up there. You know, didn't see a lot of comp, got shot in a few times, kind of small little teams kind of, You know, going through the city, little Forbes six man teams and climbing up on rooftops and trying to do the yeah. Sneaky frog mess stuff. It, it was pretty fun. You know, we engaged a few guys. I think we had one confirmed kill from that and, You know, a few probables, but we definitely disrupted the, the, the, the IDs that were being laid and the, the mines were being put in the street.


And it also gave me an appreciation, You know, obviously I love the SEAL teams man, and I'm so proud of the training that we went through and the, and the guys that we served with. But when I flew up to Samara, and it was funny 'cause we left Baghdad, we had 12 guys with us. It was like 82 degrees on the tarmac and Baghdad. We landed Samara after a couple other stops. It's nighttime, it was 39 degrees. I had five guys with no ies. Yeah. Bad. And, and it was like, so we're trying to piece together this stuff. We're living in this like burned out, you know, building. And I didn't realize, you know, our guys are complaining about the, You know, Baghdad and they're eating at the Al Rashid, You know, hotel with ice sculptures and stuff.


And I remember jumping in a, You know, we're, we're rolling around these up armored vehicles and, You know, and it was a lot of times in and outta the green zone, obviously there was dangers. I mean, people were trying to attack the, the guys. I'm not saying the wrists were, were, were, were limited. But I remember sitting in the cab of a big, like five ton truck. There's like, You know, quarter inch steel plates welded on the back. They, they didn't even have doors on the cab. It was a, it was a Arkansas National Guard unit. And they're giving us a ride from the airfield over to like, in, in the, in the, the downtown city center where there's an ODA team. We are gonna stay with them. And I'm talking to this, this, You know, Arkansas National Guard soldier.


I was like, man, you kinda hanging it out up here. I know he's, he's like, oh man, this baby, he, I've been, he's like, this baby's eating about 14 RPGs at this point. Yeah, she's my good luck charm. And I, I was just like, man, here we are. Like, like these dudes that are out here roughing it, right? They're in the, they're in the fight. They're getting attacked all the time. They don't have near the equipment that we have and have near the train that we have. And that, that to me was like, like, I'm gonna do everything I can to help every American on the ground here in every way that I can possibly can, You Know? Yeah. I thought you were gonna say, he looked at you and said, I'm not the one hanging it out. That's your vehicle. But, but yeah, it was pretty bare bones there at the beginning.


But, but Well, when, when did, when did Elliot get hurt? Was it this platoon? It Was, it was the next platoon. So they, he, he stayed in that same platoon. I rotated to a different platoon at Seal Team three. Oh, okay. We came, we, we ended up getting rotated out of Iraq. So we went up to Samara for like, th three, three weeks. Then we came back, did, You know, our turnover? And then we, we did the, the relief in place, You know, between the squadrons. And so we got sent to the Pacific Theater. So we went around doing the JS sets with the royalty seals and the, and the Republic Korea seals and, and, excuse me, we spent a little time at Okinawa, You know, J just, just, I got, I gotta see a different theater, got to train a little bit, a bunch of time in Guam surfing and nice partying and, and nice.


And, and basically we just trained like Mad Men the whole time and, and got in really good shape and, and, and were itching for a chance to go back, You know. So I came back with Seal Team five, and luckily my commanding officer at Seal Team five at the time, he, he said, you're, you're going to Seal Team three. And I was, I was so pissed about that, Sean. Like, I was like, really? These are my guys. I wanna take over this platoon. I wanna be their platoon commander. And, and You know, he was detached from this and he said, look, you're, you're already senior. It's, it's important that you, you'll be six months ahead in the workup cycle, You know, that, that you, you deploy so that you'll be eligible, You know, for promotion down the road. And that like, this is, that's for your career path.


And I was like, I, I pitched a fit about it, man. I was like, are you kidding me? You know, like I was, I was the kinda argument and push back type and he was like, Nope, it's happening. You're gonna seal team three. And, and thank god he did that, man, because I love those guys at Seal Team Five. They were awesome. And still some of my closest friends in the world, and they relieved us in, in Ramadi. But thank God I, I got a chance to go serve in tasking a bruiser in Seal Team three. And So I, I showed up at the end of that deployment. I came back, did, did a little, You know, got, got a little bit of a leave and then went straight to Seal Team three checked in as the platoon commander got assigned as Charlie Platoon. We heard about this guy, Jocko Willink, who was our, our platoon or our, our, our task unit commander.


He was in charge. And, and I, I had heard about Jocko. I'd never seen Jocko. I didn't know anything about Jocko. What did you hear about him? I heard he was pretty intense. I heard he was a, my platoon chief, Tony Fratty was a phenomenal, phenomenal seal. And I, I think probably one of the best Seal chiefs that, one of the best platoon chiefs that the SEAL teams has ever produced. No kidding. Like, like phenomenal battlefield leader. Wow. I'm talking like, Hey, we're taking massive fire from that building across the street. Gimme two guys on, on me, let's go. You know? Wow. And like he is absolutely the guy that you want in, in a gun fight, You know?


And, and so he was like, he was like, You know, he had a reputation, Tony. Everyone loved Tony. Been around for a long time and, and he'd been busted down like, You know, multiple times for, You know, shenanigans and yeah, You know, just old, old school, you know, teams, teams. And, and, and so here he is in the platoon chief. He's like, he's like, trust me, Jocko is the one guy that we want as our tasking the commander. I was like, alright. And then when, so when Jock Jocko had been the Admiral's aide, so he got assigned as the Admirals aide, and he gets, he, he, he comes over. And when I met him for the first time, You know, SES Stone, our, our brother from, You know, from Buds, he was the dealt platoon commander. So we, we were platoon commanders together. We had a bunch of guys from our Buds class in there, you know, as well.


I knew a ton of these guys. I've been deployed with hi team three just before this. So I, I got to meet Chris Kyle and, and some of the other guys, you know, just, just prior to that, they'd been in, in Baghdad doing a bunch of sniper ops on, you know, Haifa Street and supporting the Fallujah Offensive, You know, that went down while we were, while we were deployed, You know, in, in the fall of 2004. And so now we're here in the spring of 2000 at five stand in this the up the task unit. And so Jocko shows up and I was like, man, this dude looks like an ax murderer. He doesn't smile at us, he just walks up like just mean mugs. Like, hi, I'm Jocko. Like no smile whatsoever.


And like, just walks away and, and dude, you remember Stoner, like, You know who's it was emotional guy, man, I love Stoner so much. And he, he was like, that dude hates me, man. I can see you. You know, he's like, and, and, and, and I, I was like, Hey man, listen, I hear he's the guy that we want. I was like, let's, we knew he trained Juujitsu, You know, we knew he just got his black belt, You know, he's a big jiujitsu guy. Like we knew he had a ton of operations. You know, he'd come from Seal Team seven as a Plato commander. He'd had a, a bunch of operations that, that he'd done. And so he probably had as much experience as anybody in the teams at that point. And, and So I was like, Hey man, come on. Let's just, let's work hard. Let's train Jiujitsu.


You know? And after a couple months, like, yeah, I didn't staff and jock up being like super close, right? So in fact, I think, you know, it was, Seth was probably the little, little brother that, that Jocko never had, You know, to Jocko. And, and, but Jocko was like, I I, he set the tone for our entire task in, we had an awesome crew of Pipetters in there, man. They were, they were excellent. They came, they were just coming back from Iraq. Lot of, a lot of experience. You know, Chris Kyle was our lead sniper Point man. And, and he had a ton of experience coming from Fallujah, coming from Ry and some of the other places and, and Baghdad. And then the new guys that we got in were, were were studs too, man. You know, we sent them to schools, it was an awesome team.


And, but Jocko really set the tone for our entire team and, and of like, Hey, right away he was like, right away he was like, we're not tasking a bravo, we're tasking a bruiser. And I was like, interesting. So, You know, we had three task units, A, B, C, right? Alpha Bravo, Charlie, and the phonetic alphabet. And I was like, I thought that was weird for like 24 hours. I'm like, tasking a bruiser. And then like 24 hours later we're like, Ooh, task unit bruiser. You know? So Like, it was actually, I, I learned later, this is something that he got from a book by a US army, a retired colonel named David Hackworth called The Bout Face. And if you haven't read this book, it is a phenomenal, phenomenal book.


Hackworth joined the, the Army when he was a Friday. He, he lied on his paperwork enlisted when he was 17 to try to make it into World War ii, just missed World War ii, but was brought up through the ranks, as You know, I learned from all his mentors who had just, just, you know, defeated the Germans and Japanese and World War ii. And then he served in Korea and was eventually, you know, commissioned as an officer, made it up to colonel, multiple deployments to, to Korea, multiple deployments of Vietnam. I think he was the, when he died, he died in the early two thousands, I think, I think it might have been while we were deployed to Iraq that first time. And I think he was the, he was the, the highest, the most decorated like living soldier at the time.


Wow. I mean like crazy, crazy awards. But like, they call him like Mr. Infantry and, and so much of, he changed the names of his units. Interesting. Yeah. For what to give them like a personality. So, You know, I'm gonna, I'm just gonna, you task unit Bruiser is like a legendary unit and you just, you don't hear, look, there's no other, there's no other task unit that has a, that has a call sign that I'm aware of. You hear people talk about tasking a bruiser all over the place. It, I don't know a whole lot about it other than the reputation, but I mean, it seems like you guys have really created or did create like, some type of, of like very strong culture in that platoon.


The Culture was massively strong, You know, in, in, in our platoon, charter platoon and Delta Platoon C Platoon, you know, and the entire task in it. And You know, those two 60 man steel platoons and a five man headquarters helmet, the jock was in charge of that we started out with, and, and he set the tone right from the beginning like, we're tasking a bruiser, we're gonna work harder than everybody else. We're gonna train harder than everybody else. We're gonna be ready for the worst case scenarios, You know, on the battlefield. And that, that was the culture of, of our team. And what's interesting about Jocko is you look at him and he's got this like super stern kind of look to him. But he, he actually, and even though he didn't smile at us for the first couple months that we weren together, in fact the, the first time we were, we were all trained in Juujitsu. We'd come in at five o'clock in the morning and train Juujitsu.


He'd lay mats out in the, in the high bay at Seal team three. It was mandatory for all the officers. And we had a bunch of enlist guys that would come in to train two. And you could tell us at an officer's call, You know, the morning meeting because you, you'd say, You know, if you said like, Hey LA for ef, like, everyone would kind of turn their head like their whole body because the necks are all like jacked up. 'cause we're like cranking on each other and hurting each other, and everyone's going just full bore level 19 berserker mode. But the first time that I realized that Jocko was like, actually, You know, not super serious all the time, like, I'm demo, he's like demoing a jiujitsu move at five o'clock in the morning. We're in the high Bay. He's like, he's like, Babin, get over here. You know, he is, he is like, grab my hand.


Yeah. My other hand, You know, my other hand. And he's like, bow your sensei outta your sense. And I, I'm like, wait, that's Napoleon Dynamo. Yeah, he's, he's quoting Rex Kwando from Napoleon Dynam, but he's doing it with a straight face and he's not like, he doesn't even smile. And I'm like, okay, this dude's joking around. So like, that was the first time I got to see, You know, Jocko, who's totally joking, like totally jokes around all the time, You know, like, and he is obviously professional when he needs to. But what I think what Jocko did for us was I think channel like aggression and, and guys that wanted to go get after it into like, he, he, he really taught me to be what we call at our strong front, the silent leader that like, that's what good leadership looks like.


Like you would look at someone like Jocko and think Jocko's in charge. Jocko was a prior enlisted seal. Jocko's got more common experience than, You know, anybody else here. So he's gonna dictate everything and run everything and tell you what to do. And he did the complete opposite. It was, he said, Hey, here's the goal. Why don't you come up with a plan and tell me how you wanna do it?


Are you looking for a voice that truly represents your values? Meet AMAC, the association of mature American citizens, founded in 2007, AMAC was created to champion the needs of Americans who believe in faith, family, and freedom. Today, AMAC is over 2 million members strong in growing. The mission is simple but powerful to protect the interest of all freedom loving Americans, advocate for common sense policies, and offer incredible member benefits, including the award-winning AMAC Magazine to exclusive discounts on travel insurance and everyday services to a strong voice in Washington. AMAC is here to make a difference in your life and our nation. Joining AMAC isn't just about benefits, it's about belonging to a community that stands for timeless American values. And right now, regardless of your age, they're offering an incredible deal. Enroll in a five year AMAC membership for 47% off. Visit AMAC us slash ss today to take advantage of this special offer that's AMAC dot us slash ss. Join AMAC and be part of a movement that stands for you, your family, and your future.


You know, and it was, it was the first time that I saw like we'd roll on, on operations. Well, he doesn't, he doesn't say anything. He's letting the team run it. So I realized that's what I need to do as a leader, is let my team step up and lead. And, and so when my team is leading, now I can look up and out, right? Every leader should be trying to look up and out down the road. Now you, so instead of me solving the immediate tactical problem, I'm thinking about the next step or the next step, or the next step beyond that. And you're thinking about the long term strategic problems, you know, down the road. And that's what every leader should be trying to do. And you know, Jocko also, he used what we call the indirect approach, which is, you know, instead of saying, Hey, listen, You know, me, I had one platoon under my belt, didn't really have, I had a handful of combat operations.


I had zero DA missions, right? Capture, kill, raid. At that 0.0. Seth had done a couple of them. You know, I'd done a handful of sniper operations, but I didn't have any, I didn't really have any experience. And, you know, but instead of, instead of saying, You know, for us, when, when, when the training detachment instructors who obviously drive a very high standard a performance, when they would say things like, Hey, you guys are good to go. You met the standard, You know, we're out here at Land warfare. Okay, your patrol's good to go. Hey, you, your, your immediate action drills when react to contract. And You know, those, those are good to go. Hey, you guys can take it back to the camp instead of Jocko saying like, you knuckleheads aren't as good as you think you are, combat's harder than you think it is.


You know, we're gonna keep pushing the standard even higher. We're gonna do this again. He actually, he actually just called us over and he said, Hey, la Stoner, do you think we're ready for the worst case scenario in the battlefield? And we like looked at each other and we're like, no man, no, let's do another run. Let's do another run after that. Let's do three more runs. And it was us doing it. It was, if we'd have said yes, he would've been cool, sounds good. Let's go back to the camp. But he, he just, and he would ask us an earnest question, right? A question that he wanted the answer to, and let us reveal the truth of ourselves. And I think it's such a powerful leadership concept instead of, You know, this works on your kids, right?


This works on, this works with your spouse, with members of your community, with your team at work, anywhere in, in life when you can ask someone a question and, and allow them to reveal the truth to themselves instead of trying to just bash them over the head with the truth. Because what good is telling people the truth if they don't listen? But when, when, when you can ask someone a question like that, now it's, it's not Jocko saying, dude, two more run than everyone's complaining about. It's, it's actually me saying we needed to do two more runs so that we were ready for that worst case scenario. And talking that over to my platoon so they understand it as well. And I think there was, that was the kind of culture that became part of the team of like, Hey, we have to be ready for the absolute worst case scenario that we might come up against.


And, and So I think that was, it was a culture of always striving to do better. And immediately, I think what what has set our task unit apart was in my previous task unit, it was kinda like most steel task units where we did, we had some really talented people. We had some experienced people, we did some things well, we did some things not so well. But the things that we didn't do well when, when training detachment would say, Hey, you should improve on this, there was pushback. You know, we were kinda like, ah, I'd like to see them do better. Yeah. Like, we're good to go. We'll play the game and just get through this and get overseas. And in tasking, a bruiser wasn't like that. It wa it was, we were our own harshest critic. It was, it was really critiquing ourselves. And when these training instructors said, Hey, look, your head counts are taking too long.


You need to figure out a way to be more efficient. We're like, absolutely. Let's, let's figure this out. Let's work on that. And we were our own harshest critic. We're always trying to get better and improve all the time. And that became the culture of the team. Whether you're a brand new guy, You know, that was trying to contribute in some way to, You know, managing your fire team, you know, all the way up to me as the platoon commander to Jocko, as the, the casket commander and, and figuring out ways to be more efficient and effective all the time. And, and I think that's the strength of the SEAL teams, right? Is always that innovation that, that I like always trying to get better in what we're trying to do. Always trying to prove and, and seeking inputs from, from everybody no matter if they're in a leadership position or if they're simply just a, a, a, a shooter.


You know, who's in charge of just themselves and their piece of the mission. I think when you've gotta, when that becomes the culture of the team, You know, that makes all the difference. You've got a team that's constantly improving, constantly learning, constantly growing. We made all kinds of mistakes in tasking a bruiser. We screwed all kinds of stuff up, but we learned from those mistakes and we would implement solutions to try to fix 'em and prevent 'em from happening going forward. I mean, are we ready for the worst case scenario? That is a, that's a tough question. Was there ever a Yes, I don't think So. I think we were honest enough with ourselves, right? To know like, Hey man, I've never been in the worst case scenario, so are you ready for it?


Like, are you gonna be ready for it? And I, I think, You know, when you show up to something and you're overtrained like, Hey, we didn't need get to train that hard. Cool. It's easy. You know, it's easy. Like that's no fact. Like that's what you want it to be. You know, if you can make training harder than actual combat, like that's, that's the way, that's awesome. That's, ID, You know, and that's one of the lessons that we brought back to Ramadi, You know, with us, You know, after we deployed, if you'd asked me if you'd asked me as young Lieutenant Leif Babin, Charlie, platoon Commander and task and Bruiser, Hey Leif, are you gonna be in, You know, do you think you'll get in a blue on blue like friendly fire situation, man, I told you.


Like, that happens to losers who don't know how to plan execute missions. And You know, the book is Extreme Ownership. Like that's chapter one. That's chapter one. The very first major combat operation that I was a part of. Massive blue on blue, massive blue on blue issue. And, and, and, and You know, we talked about before, like the idea that like, we had to, if we didn't take extreme measures to mitigate the risk of that happening, like it was absolutely going to happen, particularly in the urban environment where there's, it's confusing with so many different units that are out there, particularly with our seal snipers that were going out undercover of darkness beyond the forward line of advance. And you've got, You know, US tanks and Humvees and, and units that are coming into an enemy held area and they're getting shot at by enemy fighters.


You know, it, it just, the idea that like, that is absolutely going to happen unless you take massive steps and mitigate the risk of it happening. And then it, it was, it was just one of those things where like, I, I just realized like, combat is so much harder than I thought it was ever gonna be. And, and those things can happen so much easier than you ever thought it, it could be. And once you're in it, you can't just, can't just peak your head, You know, if you're taking an effective fire, man, you can't just peek your head up over the wall and say, Hey, who's shooting at us? You know, like, your head's gonna be gone. That's gonna be the end of you. So if you're getting suppressed, man, that's all, that's all you can do. You know? And, and I think it's, You know, we had, we had such a close call in that first, that first situation where we had about that whole squad of my guys on that operation.


Let's rewind real quick. Yeah. So this is your first operation. That was the first phase operation, First kinetic operation of the deployment. Let's just walk. What were you guys doing? What was the op? Yeah, if you will, maybe it's better good to back up to talk about what it was like to arrive in Ramadi and, and You know, and, and start there. When we w we were, we were g we thought we were gonna go work with the, You know, with the ICTF, you know, and Baghdad and, and do the, the, this high-speed Iraqi commando unit that probably had the most training right. Of any, any, any Iraqi unit out there.


And that's what we thought we were gonna do. We're gonna do the go, go do these kinetic operations. It was gonna be super foam. We were excited about it. Everyone left to go on Predeployment leave. And while we were on Predeployment leave, we got a change of orders. They decided to consolidate the two different squadrons that were deploying, and we found out we're going to Ramadi. So at the time, Ramadi was just a violent hellhole. I mean, it was the, it was, it was, it was a city of 400,000 people was the capital of Anbar province. And it's a fraction of the size of bag. I think the whole greater area bag had something like two and a half or 3 million people, You know, in Baghdad there would be more significant attacks, right?


Or enemy attacks. That happened in and around the city of Ramadi, this small city of 400,000 people, just a a, a few miles across the city center. There would be as many or more attacks in Ramadi on a daily basis as there were, why, why was Ramadi such as strategic location? I, I think it was after the, it was in the heart of the SUNY Triangle, right? And it was the largest, it's the capital of Obar province, which is the, the, the SUNY capital. So this is where the Saddam's kind of base of support and operations were. So I think there was a lot of support for, for Saddam and the insurgency that came out of there. I think after the Marines smashed Fallujah in 2004, many of the, the fighters that were there fled and went to Ramadi.


And so, so, you know, from like late 2004 into 2005, Ramadi was, was was just really the most violent place in Iraq, was our kawi, You know, who's the leader of the, of Al-Qaeda in Iraq at the time, had declared that that Ramadi was the, the capital of his caliphate, and he was gonna establish the capital there. In Ramadi, there was something like three to 5,000 insurgent fighters that controlled most of the city. And when we arrived in April of 2006, it was, man, it was, I think I landed on the ground, it was like April 3rd, 2006. It was, it was instantly, I, it was apparent that this was a very different deployment than the one I'd been on previously.


And I've been hearing about Ramadi, you know, we, You know, you'd hear every day in the news, you'd hear like, You know, three US soldiers killed in Obar province, or two Marines wounded in Armbar province. And most of those were coming in and around the city of Ramadi, I, I think Obar province was, was accounting for something like 70% of US casualties in Iraq at the time, throughout most of 2005, 2006. And, and most of those were coming in around Ramadi. So it was, it was just a violent terror stronghold. And when we got, when we arrived there right away, I mean, even in Bagdad, like there's you, you're flying around a helicopter, You know, like if you flew over Ramadi in the daytime, like you're getting shot down on the sky, like no one was doing that.


Yeah. So I, it was, it was like vehicle convoys and it was every single week there were memorial services going on at, in, at, at the camp. It was, there were US Marines and soldiers getting wounded or killed almost every day. Damn. Almost every day. And, and multiple times, I remember there would be like a call to the loudspeaker for like, like a, a a, a mass like blood drive, You know, come give blood, You know, for a mass cas situation that happened. I mean, there were people killed on base in the chow hall with mortar sitting in the base, You know, before he even left the base. And when we were driving, so the seals were working outta a place they called Shark Base.


It was like an old, like Republican guard Aron. And after Mark Lee was killed, we, we renamed a camp Mark Lee, but it was kind of on the edge of Ramadi, like right on the Euphrates River. And in order to get there, you had to drive to drive off the main camp, and it was still kind of behind the walls of the camp. But, but there was, there was a, you would drive through what they call the vehicle graveyard. And the vehicle graveyard was, You know, these, these, these vehicles that would've IDs, Humvees tanks, Bradley fighting vehicles, they would, they would drag these, these twisted burnt hulks and just, they would just leave them out here in this kind of, You know, it was just kind of a, kind of a junkyard area. And man, it was a powerful reminder of what was out there waiting for you every time.


But you're going, you're going to, You know, you're, you're driving past that every single time you're launched on an operation, driving to that vehicle graveyard. And just knowing that those twisted charred honks of metal that used to be a vehicle, You know, damn, almost all those had had, you know, soldiers or marines that were killed or wounded in them. And, and then the, You know, the gates were like a, it was a, it was a M 88, which is like a, it's basically like a tow truck for tanks. I mean, these things weigh, You know, a tank weighs 70 tons, you know, an M1 a April sank and that's what they had block in the gate. 'cause it was such a threat of like a, You know, massive IED threat coming in and people would be attacking the camp.


And I've been on the ground for probably about a week there. We turned over with a crew from Seal Team two, outstanding crew there. And they had built awesome relationships. They'd trained a bunch of the Iraqi units and they were doing a ton of operations, but it was kind of mostly on the outskirts of the city because there was no US presence inside the city except for the marine bases that controlled. And the one, oh, first Airborne, first, the five oh six Battalion, that controlled task force, red curry control, like the eastern part of the city. And the Marines from three eight Marines controlled the, the main route to the city. It was called Route Michigan. And about every kilometer, the Marines had a, had a base there.


And even still, even though we controlled that road, that road throughout our six month deployment, there was overwhelmingly the most heavily attacked road in all of Iraq. It had seven to 10 IEDs on average in every any 24 hour period. And this is a road that we controlled. So like the US forces control that road. Every kilometer there, there's a Marine or army checkpoint. And so, I mean, it was just, it was nonstop, You know, combat that was going on all the time. Nasty, nasty when we showed up. It was just, it was, I was just in awe of the soldiers and marines that were there. And, and the fight, there was a, there was a National Guard unit that was on the ground and seeing these National guard, You know, the National Guard man, they, they, they don't have, they have a fraction of the training and equipment that we have.


This was the 2, 2 8, the second brigade, 28th Infantry division, the Iron Soldiers based outta Pennsylvania. And, and they had, they had National Guard from really all over. They had some Utah National Guard and Vermont National Guard, Pennsylvania National Guard. And these guys had, You know, they're, they're part-time soldiers and they, they had, many of them had been on the ground for over a year at that point. And I mean, these, these guys were hardened combat warriors. And sometimes they, they'd, I'd show up and, and the SEAL team two, you know, would introduce us and, and they'd, you know, they'd look at us in our high speed little 10 inch barrel m fours and our, our gear and you know, we had better night vision and lasers and stuff like that. And they're looking back at us like, like, oh man, look at, look at that.


Look at the seals. They've got, you know, these guys have all this cool gadgetry. And I, I just, You know, for me, Sean, I was like, man, this National Guard soldier, You know, who's probably 19 years old, has fired more rounds through his weapon in his year here than all of us put together ever gonna fire in our entire careers. Damn. And I mean, they, they, they were just in the thick of the fight the entire time. The marines that were manning the, the, the checkpoints through that city, and particularly the ones at the government center that was Kilo Company three a Marines awesome unit of Marines we worked really closely with, with their Lima company, kilo company and, and India companies. And man, they were, they were freaking awesome.


And the, the government center was taken an OPVA, which is named after like the Veterans Administration building that was, it was like a Iraqi Veterans Administration building, I guess under, in the Saddam era. But those two, they would, they'd get hit once a week by 50, a hundred insurgents, attacking from three different directions, hitting them with, You know, a dozen belt fit machine guns at the same time, lobbing mortars in a super active mortar fire and then somebody trying to drive a 5,000 pound v bid into their position. I mean, it was, it was every week Wow. For them. And so we just, You know, when we showed up there, it was like, man, how can we help these guys?


What can we do to help in any way that we can? And, and so we just decided to get to work. You know, so what was the work, the work was what can we do, You know, what is our part of this mission? And, and for us it was number one seal snipers, just like the work that you were doing. We can take our guys, we can take a pretty small group. And right away we, we were told there was the red areas on the map that were like, don't go there. These are Al-Qaeda, this is Al-Qaeda and Iraq battle space, and if you go there, you're all gonna get killed and nobody can even come recover your body. And so we realized like, hey, that's the enemy safe haven.


Like is there a way that we can get into these safe havens and and mitigate the risk of being overrun, You know, by a hundred enemy fighters. And so what we, what we did was we started kind of on the edges of the city, You know, pushing in with some of the Marine and, and, and army patrols with setting up cyber Overwatch positions. We'd go in an undercover darkness set up on the rooftops of buildings in the windows where they wouldn't be expecting us to be. And, and You know, if you were in a bad area that they had no US presence before, I mean all of a sudden when the, You know, first call, the prayer goes down and, You know, the sun rises and the city's moving around. I mean, you got, you got enemy fighters moving around with RPGs and bell and machine guns and starting to coordinate attacks on, you know, nearby front the patrols and, and outposts.


And it was just a shooting gallery for the, the Snipers. So you, so you could actually sit in an op in an area that was black and see the enemy combatants forming up to go outside of that area to, to engage and ambush US forces. Definitely multiple times. Yeah. Many, many times. Yeah. And, and In the day, Todd, Well, we'd be in there, we, we'd sneak in at nighttime and, and, and try to be hidden as best we could, You know, in a position. And what we did though was we adjusted, You know, the, the, my idea before of a sniper mission was like a little small, like two man, four man element, six man element man. These elements, when you're going in there, we had to have, You know, we'd go in with a 30 man element and lock down like a four story apartment building.


Particularly, it didn't start, You know, initially we started working on the outside edges of the city. And then once the US forces started establishing these, these combat outposts, they build a Florida operating base right in the enemy ne health neighborhood, a permanent form outposts that they could work at up, bring Iraqi soldiers with 'em. Oftentimes what we would do is be the first US troops on the ground for that. So we sneak in undercover of darkness and the ID threat was the biggest threat. So how do we mitigate the risk of that? Well, we would foot patrol. So I mean, able was throw everything on your back, we're carrying Carl Gustav, You know, shoulder fired rockets. We're carrying 40 millimeter grenades. We're carrying, we we're, we're multiple belt fit machine guns.


Every squad, multiple belt fit machine guns. Because we had to be ready, You know, we, we would take the, the minimum force that we would take, we usually was at least a squad of seals because that way I at least had two fire team elements that could bound. And if we're going into a super hot area, it would be double that. It'd be like a full chain size or even more so you, so You guys are running 30 man teams and would those teams, So, so maybe 18 or 20 of those guys would be seals plus EOD, You know, our bomb, our EOD bomb technicians were phenomenal. And were, were absolutely, you know, part of our critical part of our team, just like the ones you worked with.


And, and we had some awesome shooters too, man, that they could do both and their, their, so we also had, we'd also sometimes we would plus up with squads from conventional army units or, or marine units as well, just 'cause we wanted to have some more Americans out there with us. And we don't, we'd always have Iraqi soldiers. So, You know, we might have 12, 15, 20 Iraqis with us. I did not, if those guys were out there risking their lives, I did not count on them in the gunfight. So, You know, when it was, we saw that too many times that when, You know, if you got a hundred enemy fighters trying to overrun your position, like you are, the only thing that's gonna save you is Americans.


And, and the things that saved us was Americans with Belfort machine guns, those machine gunner carrying the, the, You know, the, the mark 48, you know, seven, six belt fed machine gun and the mark 46, You know, 5, 5, 6 belt fed machine gun. Those guys saved our lives over and over and over again. Just be back attacks preventing us from being overrun if we're on, if we were on a patrol with our Iraqis, You know, if we're getting attacked, like enabling us to be able to keep the enemy's head down so we could get off the street laying down cover fire from us. I mean, I just, I, I talked to those Vietnam seals about how much they love their machine gunners, You know, that were carrying the stone or machine gunners in the M sixties, You know, back in Vietnam and how that would enable them to push deep into Vietcong territory where nobody could come get them.


And the only QRF, You know, a lot of those Vietnam guys had working in like the rung sat and places like that in the, in the, the, the me Kong Delta in Vietnam was like another seven man Seal squad. And yeah, they had some, You know, maybe some, they had Sea Wolf, you know, the, the helicopter that were suborn overhead and, and some aircraft. But those machine gunners kept 'em alive and it was the exact same thing for us in tasking a bruiser, those machine gunner like Mark Lee and Ryan job and, and all those guys carrying the heavy belt fit machine got Jake, our, our mutual, you know, bud's classmate, man. He was, those guys were awesome. And, You know, carrying, so because you're full patrolling in every time and so they're carrying massive heavyweight. And real Quick, let me, I want to get into some specific examples of how they, how effective the, the, the a w the automatic weapons guys were.


But from, let's, let's look at a bigger picture real quick. So from, for Ramadi, what was the, what was the overall mission, not just of tasking a bruiser, but what was the overall mission? Was it to, was it to infiltrate and occupy and the city and take it from AQ Al-Qaeda? That's A, it's a fantastic question, man. I think what's interesting about it is never did I see a time where the generals in Baghdad or someone from the Pentagon came and said, here's your mission Ramadi. And so the guys in Ramadi figured out what that mission should be. They were close to the problem. And the, the brigade colonel that was in charge, You know, the, the colonel and and his staff that were in charge of that National Guard unit, they got, they got relieved by about a month into our deployment by the Ready First Brigade combat team with the first armored division.


And those guys were brought in tanks and firepower, but they brought in a, a, a a perspective on that as well about what that mission should be. Colonel Sean McFarland was the guy in charge and his staff were just, they were phenomenal man. And we, we loved that. National Guardian two, those guys were outstanding. But the, the, the, the ready first we get Combat team is who I spent the bulk of that deployment with, You know, helping them, many of the marine units and the, that task force Red Curry, the one of our first Airborne unit, those guys stuck around as well for, for much of that our deployment. And, but they, they, they, what they realized was the, the mission Rama was to stabilize the city, secure the local populace and ultimately lower the level of violence.


Okay. That was the goal. That was the goal. And, and I think if you, you know, I think for so long, if you'd asked the seal, if you'd asked me, you know, my first appointment, like what's your, what's the seal mission in, in, You know, in Iraq, what whatcha are you trying to do? Like I said, kill bad guys. And I think some of that Jocko really recognizes like, look, either US forces win in Ramadi and we all win, or us forces lose and, and we all lose, and it doesn't matter how many bad guys we kill or capture, it doesn't matter how many operations we conducted. If US forces lose here, we all lose. So what we have to do is help us forces win. And we understood that that was the mission was to, you know, stabilize the city, secure the local populist lower level of violence.


And we realized our part of that was to take a small element that was very heavily armed. I say small, right? It meant it might've been as many as 30 guys if you're locking down a four story, You know, apartment building. And many times we try to put two elements in that we're mutually supporting one another because there's nothing stronger than mutually supporting Overwatch positions with interlocking fields of fire. I mean, that's how you're gonna defeat an enemy that way, outnumbers you when they're trying to come and attack your position when your other, that other position could cover a move, You know, cover for you and you can cover for them, You know, as well. But we, that's how we mitigated the risk of going into some of those areas. And we knew that we could take a fairly small group of guys with a lot of firepower carrying the shoulder fired rockets, carrying the belt fit machine guns, You know, carrying the 40 mike, Mike grenades, You know, jtax with aircraft supporting his overhead.


We had our artillery battery, the artillery battery in Ramadi fired, I think they fired over 5,000 rounds Wow. From their 1 5 5 batteries. So when you're, when you're going out with 30 guys, are you breaking 'em up into 15 two man teams and putting 'em in different locations? Sometimes seven, four man teams sometimes and you guys all in, in in one location Sometimes. But what, what we typically would do, we would, we would, I like to be in multiple locations so we can mutually support one another. We also found though that when, when we teamed up a lot of these operations, we were the very first US troops on the ground. We would even go in and do some reconnaissance in the area and as a, as frogmen, right? The, the river, the Afra River runs right through Ramadi and there's a, there's a Hani canal kinda breaks off from there as well.


So we'd access to much of the city and there was a, there was a badass marine boat unit there called the dam support unit. They had these CRC boats, these small, small unit riverine craft that they could stand for, but it kinda like a rib, kinda like a combination between like a rib and a sock r and, and so we teamed up with those guys, man, they would, they would, we'd sneak in there at nighttime, totally blacked out and, You know, night vision and they'd just drop us off in the bank. No one had any idea we were in there no Shifts. You guys would do a water insertion at night, did a ton of them Yeah. To do a reconnaissance to what find your, find where your sniper hides and nope are Gonna be, find out where they would be, do reconnaissance of the area, You know, engage IED layers, which we often did.


And then, and then we, we'd use that as an insertion platform going there at nighttime, jump off on the beach full patrol in. So we, we could set up a sniper, You know, our sniper hides. And so we would oftentimes take down the buildings or buildings near those buildings that would eventually be the, the, the, the come outposts. And so would you, would you insert guys, they would, they would infiltrate the ops and then the rest of the team would come and link up later? Or would you ex fill back out of the, the, the location that you're at and then get the rest of the team and then go back in? Sometimes We did reconnaissance missions where we'd go in and kinda just probe and do a little recon and they come back and kinda use that as part of planning, You know, obviously you have to hit multiple buildings, they don't know exactly where you're going, try to go into different areas and do some misdirection stuff.


But usually what we would do, excuse me, usually what we would do is, is an insertion method. Would we, would, we would go in there and set up in, in a, the cyber hide and try to get in position before the first call of prayer, You know, okay, so get in position by, You know, by daylight, then we would start to, like, we, we would want try, try to get some long access looks down, you know, some of the, the main, the the main avenues of approach. And then usually we would be, so we would wait until oftentimes the, You know, the, the first, the some of the, some of those larger operations, you're talking over a thousand soldiers and marines on the ground, 50 tanks, dozens and dozens of heavy, you know, engineering vehicles.


I mean they, they were trucking in, You know, 70,000 sandbags to, You know, multiple semit truckloads of, you know, Jersey barriers and, and Texas tee barriers, You know, these giant concrete barriers to try to, You know, concertina wire rolls to like reinforce these positions because You know, you're gonna get attacked. I mean, they're coming and that's usually where we could, we could really help those guys is so we would set up and cover for them as they infiltrated. And there were multiple times I remember like, okay, So the, so you would, so you would know, I'm just trying to wrap my head around the, the overall mission. So, so you would know where the conventional units are setting up, then you would conduct reconnaissance around that specific area, find the best vantage points, and then, and then set up the ops.


Well, Sometimes we would conduct a reconnaissance provided to the, the conventional units to, to maybe record made, made a recommendation on where they could set up, you know, oh good. Or take them with us, you know, on those reconnaissance missions. And then we would plan that thing out and we became like their go-to as far as like, you know, they, they realized the effectiveness of seal snipers and what we could do for them, You know, to disrupt attacks because, You know, they're super vulnerable, right? When they're trying before there's any, they're just out there in these neighborhoods they're getting shot at. You've got, you know, hundreds of enemy fighters that can muster and start attacking their positions. And, and so our cybers were able to, to disrupt those attacks over, over and over again.


Oh shit. But a lot of time we, we'd be sitting in a position and you'd see like the, the, the mine clearance element and their big like ra You know, those V haul vehicles. They were the only guys that had 'em at that time. We would ask for 'em and nobody else had 'em, but you'd see them slowly, like on white lights, like digging IDs out the road. And there was to, to, to the, one of the first major operations we put in, I mean, they cleared, they cleared, they cleared dozens of IDs out on that road. I mean, like a, just to tell you how bad things were, there was a route that was coming down off route Michigan, that main road that I said was statistically the most heavily IDed road, a couple months before we moved into that area, right before we deployed the Marines had tried to push down a road into where we ended up putting a, a combat outpost, it was called Route Sunset.


And they'd hit something like 13 IDs in less than 500 meters. So I mean, it was just, it was, it was constant. You couldn't even get into these areas. And so we're just, we would watch those guys clear and so it, it took like four or five, six hours for them to clear all the way down and we wanted to make sure that the IEDs weren't being in place, You know, on, on top of that. And so then, then all of a sudden tanks, Bradley fighting vehicles, You know, those troops were coming in, You know, and, and Humvees and man, I remember this one time we were sitting in the sniper hide and, and what was gonna be the, the buildings that would become the combat outposts. And we're on the third story, and I'm looking over the side and I got that mind clearance element. I mean, they got this, it was called the dagger was the call sign for the vehicle. And they got this huge like, arm that's like, like, I think they call it the buffalo was the vehicle.


And they're like digging, it's just this big robotic arm that's like digging in the dirt. And this, this robotic arm got like blown off like every night, You know, they'd like replace it. And I'm looking down there and I can see these like projo and I mean it's, I'm, I'm, look, I'm looking over the rooftop. I'm like, I was like, this is all of a sudden it occurs to me that like, if that thing goes off, I mean this is like, these are like 1, 5, 5 rounds, You know? Yeah. Like that thing's gonna take my head off, You know, my face is gonna be gone. I was like, if I can see the, You know, explosive, it can see me, I need to get back behind the rooftop. I mean, it's like right there. Wow. Like at the base of the building we're at, and we found a bunch of 'em too, like on the, along, like the creek we were patrolling across as the, the army went and burned, burned out the vegetation later.


And they dug, like, I mean, they, they'd find eight or 10 IDs in there wheel here, like patrolling all around. These things are just ev everywhere. Yeah. And then from the command outposts, once we had that established, so then we could push out it deeper in, in territory. And so initially the Army would say like, Hey, we want you here in, in this building so that you could cover our guys. And, and you know, you're looking 360 for a hundred yards in all directions, You know, for blocks. It, it's, it's all you can see is US soldiers and Marines. Yeah. Like, I can't even gauge anybody like the, so, so we talked 'em into it and luckily Jocko would kind of explained why we needed to do it and we pushed about 300 meters outside the, the perimeter. And they were worried about us getting attacked, but we pushed 300 meters outside the perimeter set up in a big four story apartment building.


I wanted to go in a different direction. Chris Kyle was like that, we need to go there. That's the apartment building. And luckily I was, I was, I was at least humble enough as a, as a leader, I made all kinds of terrible mistakes, but at least humble enough to listen to the guy that knows who he was talking about to say, okay, cool. Let's do, do it. You know, Chris wants to do, thank God we did that. 'cause I mean, we had over the next 48 hours we disrupted like all kinds of attacks on that combat outpost. And that was just kinda the model for what we did over and over and over again. You'd, you'd see like a dozen enemy fighters that are trying to like rally to, to, and and they know they're, they're gonna attack the combat outpost, which you can't see. Or, or you get, You know, right.


As the sun comes up, mortars are landing dead center of the combat outpost kills a soldier, wounds three others, and the soldiers can't even shoot back. Right. Indirect fire it's coming from Yeah. Kilometers away over blocks of, You know, the city and you can't even see the launch point. And so our cybers were able to engage gauge guys loading mortar tubes into the back of a, a vehicle, you know, from 600 yards away. Damn. So it was that kind of element where like those soldiers, when they started hearing like the 300 wind mag, You know, it was like three NB fighters engaged with 300 wind mag. I mean, you would just hear like they were, they were so stoked about it. They knew that like we were up there on the high ground, You know, to protect them and help them out. And as a result, I mean, every single time we called them, 'cause when we're deepening the territory, like we got, we got vicious.


They, they always figured out where we were. They, they sometimes it was like sending like unarmed kids through the neighborhood knocking on gates. I mean, You know, all the standard stuff. And they knew we weren't gonna engage that guy, but, but they, they, they wanted to figure out where we're at. So it would, we just adopted the marine tactic from three eight Marines of like, it became an overt fighting position. So if, if you didn't have an urgent surgical casualty, like you weren't calling evac 'cause that's what they wanted you to do, you were gonna be in the streets getting ambushed. Have an IED clocked off on you, you know, or, or, or having, You know, multiple machine guns engaging you while you're patrolling out. So we try to wait till undercover of darkness if possible. Yeah.


Sometimes We didn't do that. 'cause if I was, felt like I was in a position that was not very defensible if they attacked us, like if they could get, if we were on, we had rooftops, but the, all the rooftops were kind of equally, you know, high or even higher around us, and they might have the advantage over it. So there were a couple times that we had to make the tough call. Just, You know, it's kinda of like the, you make the, the, the least bad decision you can. Right. Or be like, Hey man, I know we're gonna get attacked, but we can move fast on foot. We can do some misdirection and we can get back to the base. It's gonna be better than allowing them to set up a massive attack, You know, on our position where they have all the advantage. You know? So I think we've, we've done a fantastic job of painting what Ramma was like back in 2006.


And so let's rewind back to your first kinetic operation with the blue on blue. Yeah, man, even before that, when the guys hit the ground, the, the very first, like, I've been aons, I've been on the ground for like a week. Everyone arrives and so they, they're, they're just offloading in the camp. And we got in, there's like a massive multiple, like multiple unit, like well coordinated enemy attack on the camp. We're talking like, so every single seal was on the rooftop of the camp just dumping fire across the river. And that was like the first, the very first.


And one of one of my guys who was, who was our, probably our most senior machine gunner, he'd been, it was his third deployment to Iraq. He'd been a machine gunner, You know, every time he'd done a bunch of assaults, done a bunch of capture kill raids, You know, those direct action raids. And, and he, he was like, this is the first time I've ever fired my machine gun. I mean, he'd been on the ground for like three hours, You know, Are you serious? Yeah. I mean, three hours. I mean, they shot like 500 rounds off the rooftop, you know, so, so we knew like, this is gonna be different, you know, and then that first particular op, the, the first major operation, first of all, I was so pissed at Jocko for this 'cause he wasn't, I I was, I had to be acting task unit commander for that because, and it was the right call man.


It was the right call. But I like, I want obviously wanted to be out there with my guys on the battlefield and a bunch of guys, they, the, the Army, this was the one oh first brigade or the one oh first Airborne Division. This was the, the first, the 5 0 6 task force Red curry and this, I mean, they, they lived that the, the, the celebrated Band of brothers tradition, You know, from the, the book the Stephen Ambrose wrote and the HBO miniseries. This was the, the, the first of 5 0 6 Parachute amateur regimen. Awesome, awesome unit. And they, man, they had a, they, they just had a phenomenal soldier, incredible leader of their battalion commander.


And they were asking for help. They were about, they were doing some operations pushing into what was called the MAOB district. It was a really, really bad area. And so our guys went out there and set up a position we had, we had, You know, our, our job tasking from the combined Joint Special Operations Task force, You know, that was the, the Green Beret colonel in charge of all the special operations at theater at the time was everything was gonna be by, with and through Iraqi soldiers. So we were, we were tasked to train and fight company and battalion size elements of Iraqi soldier. Like that was literally our tasking. So that's what we were there to do. And obviously that was an ODA mission.


It was a little bit different for seals to kind of adopt that. But we took with us, we took with Iraqi soldiers with us on every mission. And, and the Seal Seal team, two guys before us had done a great job of training those guys up and trying to mitigate some of the risk of their training. But that's what our guys were doing on that very first mission. They, they sent that, we had an element of seals that was going out as, as combat advisors to the Iraqi soldiers. And we're talking like a, like a hundred Iraqi soldiers on the battlefield, You know, with, with like a dozen of our guys and some of the army, the military transition team and some marines that were with them. And then we had two different Seal sniper teams that going out there along with some army sniper teams. And so they went out on the battlefield, they briefed where everybody was gonna be, You know, everything. The, the plan made a lot of sense.


I'm kind of tracking this mission. I, You know, I'm watching their conops and I'm listening to it on the radio and, and it was pretty clear that like all, all Hill kind of broke loose on the operation and we expected it to, 'cause in the Malo district, this was like, and this was our very first major operation as tasking a bruiser. So Jocko felt like he needed to be over there located with the battalion leadership so he could kind of be the liaison officer to manage that as the command and control with all his different elements out there. A hundred percent the right call to be able to do that. So Jocko's out on the battlefield, but instead of being, You know, with, there's all these different multiple seal units out there. He's co-located with the, the battalion staff from task force red cur. He, You know, try to try to manage that.


And we, we have this, this report of like a, a, a massive enemy attack that goes on. So our Seal Sniper Elm is reporting the attack, and then all of a sudden we also get a report that, you know, there's, there's a report that the, the insurgents are attacking the, the Iraqi unit that's out there. And there was, there was some, there was some issues I won't get into on the communication side, You know, as well that kind of broke down passing communications. But Jocko's out there on the battlefield, he shows up there, he knows that his guys were in trouble. They're calling for heavy QRF, right? They, they want tanks. That means they're in a dire situation.


They feel like they're about to be overrun. And so Jocko shows up there, the command and co control element. He, he moves up, sees the, the ang the, the Anglo co officer, right? The, the air naval gunfire liaison officer that's, that's there to coordinate an airstrike on a building. There's red a smoke marking where the enemy is. He knows that his, the, the, the sniper team is in there somewhere or should be close by. And, and so he just, he, he, he's kind of trying to deconflict what's going on. And he went up and kicked the gate open. And, and it was Tony, my platoon chief on the other side was like, and realized like, this is a blue on blue situation. Sure. And no one understood what was going on.


This was, meanwhile, I'm, I'm on a radio, the radio on the other side of the city. I'm getting traffic passed back to me. There's a, there's a huge spin up on this. But all of my guys that were in that cyber position, that was, that was a squad of my guys that were there. And it was, they were all convinced, I think that they were about to die. I mean, they, they, they, they had moved, they, they moved out to a, a cyber position, undercover darkness. They realized that where they were was not a good and defendable position. They didn't have visibility on where they needed to, to see, to cover the road that they were supposed to cover for the soldiers and the Iraqi, the US Army soldiers, Iraqis that were moving down that road. So they moved position across the road and they weren't able to pass that, that information for, for, You know, for a series of reasons, a breakdown in, in, in communication.


Then the Iraqi soldiers were out of sector. So they were supposed to, it was supposed to be like hours before they were clearing. Well, some of the Iraqi soldiers, I think decided like, Hey, we're gonna get killed if we're out here. Let's get this thing over with. They like rushed to the furthest point away, You know, from the friendly, You know, outposts, camp Kor, and then tried to rush back. And so they were outta sector. So all of a sudden, You know, as, as our sniper team is setting up, they zip tied the, the, the gate to the, and they're setting up and, You know, it's, it's just starting to get light. So like, first call, the prayer goes down, so night vision doesn't work, You know, but you can't really see. And, and all of a sudden they've got somebody, you know, creeping by the window with an AK 47.


Like they see the unmistakable sign of AK 47. Like, they engaged that guy and they, they didn't realize it was Iraqi soldier that was out, out of, out of section. Yeah. So they Iraqi soldier, You know, they, that guy gets killed. Several others get wounded. The Iraqis engage back, the Iraqi gets dragged back. They call in for fire support. 'cause they're thinking, oh man, there's Al-Qaeda insurgents are holed up in this building. And man, we, we got this on video. There was an embedded, there was an embedded reporter, I think from Stars and Stripes with, with the, the, the, the unit ankle unit. They, they pulled up a hum and they dumped probably, they probably dumped 300 rounds of 50 cow into the building.


And our mutual friend, Matt, that we were buzzed with is on the rooftop. And, and I mean guy, all he could do is just take cover rouser coming to the rooftop like one row. Luckily it went through the concrete wall, not to slow down, like hit him in the face and like embedded it up under his cheekbone, are you shit, he said it was burning him, but he like grabbed it and pulled it out of his face and like threw it, threw it down on the roof. And so these guys were like, man, we're about to be overrun, right? They're calling for that QRF and, and they're thinking, man, these guys, this is, they're bringing it, this is our first major operation. So they're calling in for tanks and fire support outside. They're calling in for tanks and fire support. So a tank pulls up when Jocko gets up there before we kick the gate open, there's a tank with a, their gun trained directly on the building where my guys are holed up and they're just all kind of hunkered down, trying to just take cover and not get their head shot off.


You know? I mean, you can imagine, right? There's 50 cal rounds coming, You know, and, and belt fed, you know, 7, 6 2 coming right over your head. All you can do is just bury your face and try to try to take cover and return fire as best you can. And, and they think they're about to get overrun. And, and, and then on top of that, not only were they gonna engage with tanks, they're coordinating an airstrike. So the ang co you know, the, the J tac right? The air controller, he's coordinated an airstrike that's, that's about to just demolish this entire building. So I'm able to wiped out my entire squad. Oh shit. And so this was the lesson from that of like, just how easily, like we thought we had taken every step possible to mitigate the risk of that happening.


And so meanwhile, I'm back at the, at the tactical operations center, You know, we're monitoring radio reports, we're hearing that, you know, we've got wounded seals and I know it's, I know it's one of my guys, So I know it's, it's one Matt at this point. But we we're, then we're hearing that it's friendly fire, right? So like, okay, what's going on, man? All of a sudden word spreads like wildfire, right? The, the, the webby like in instant, you know, chats are going on across the, the, You know, the, the every, every talk of like friendly fire, friendly fire. Like, what's going on? What's going on? And, and so, I mean, there's, there's like massive scrutiny on this operation, you know, right away. And I remember I, I jumped in the truck. All I know is that Matt, You know, my brother, our brother, we went through buds with that, that I've done, You know, the, this workup cycle with, that's in my Plato, his, his plat.


I know he's been shot face. I dunno, that means, I dunno if it means his head's gone, you know, I don't, I mean, if he was gonna die. So I jumped in a truck, drove across the base to Charlie met that was a medical facility. And, and I went, went to to, to pick him up. And man, they, you know, they, they put him on a morphine drip and, and patched him up and gave him some antibiotics, You know, for, for infection. And when I was talking to him, You know, obviously he's kind of out of it, right? He's got, had some morphine and, and, but, but he's like, man, they brought it, those guys brought it. He's like, they were gonna overrun our position. He's like, I thought we were all gonna die. And he kept saying it over and over again. And I, I was like, Matt, I was like, Matt, it was friendly fire man. It was friendly fire, it was friendly fire. And I'd probably said, I'd probably say it was friendly fire probably six times before it like sunk in.


And he was like, what? And it was like, he, he co he couldn't believe it, You know, he couldn't believe it when I said it. And, and So I think that right there as like, you know, our banding officer flew out. We had an investigating officer that flew out. It was, we were so fortunate to not lose any of our guys on that. And, You know, it was horrible that we lost an Iraqi soldier on that. We took up a big collection for his family and tried to do everything we could, You know, for him. There were a couple other Iraqi soldiers wounded. Luckily they recovered, You know, from that. But it was so close to being just absolutely catastrophic. We're talking, You know, wiping half my platoon out. And then, You know, when people were looking like, what heads are gonna roll over this?


What heads are gonna roll? Who screwed this up? Right? This is friendly fire. This is the worst. This is the cardinal sin. The cardinal sin that you could command actuary platoon in, in Vietnam, right? That had a, a friendly fire incident. And, and this is, this is the worst case scenario that can happen. And so we had a big debrief and our commanding officer, our commanding mastery for sitting in there, the investigating officer who was our jag was in there. People are wondering like, who's responsible? Like who's, how did this happen? Who's responsible for this thing? And we knew it was probably some heads that were gonna roll over it. And, and Jocko stood up in front of the, of the task unit, we're all in there. And, and he said, whose fault is this?


And man, there were, You know, the Radioman stood up, was like, man, I, I didn't pass the traffic on where when we move location, I should have made sure that got passed. That's my fault. The, you know, the seal that engaged Iraqi soldier said, I didn't get proper PIDI thought that was a, You know, an enemy of surgeon. And, and, and I engaged him before I had proper PID That's my fault. I I should, I should have made that happen. Go before. I mean over and over. The guy with Iraqi soldiers, You know, who had been combat advising them, said, this is my fault. This Iraqis were outta sector. And we just went around the room, around the room and Jocko was like, no, it's not your fault. I'm like, no, it's not your fault. No, it's not your fault. He's like, this is my fault. Like I'm the task unit commander. Everything that happens to this task unit, it is my fault. I'm responsible and we're gonna do everything in our power to make sure that nothing like this ever happens again.


And just to, to watch that happen. Like the power of Extreme Ownership in front of everybody in the task unit, you know, our respect for him was already high man. And it went through the roof after that I realized, like, and, and our commanding officer, instead of he actually left there, he had greater trust in Jocko and in tasking a bruiser because he knew that we were gonna take steps and make sure that it didn't happen again. And we did prevent it from happening again. Friendly fire happened, probably friendly fire would erupt, but it never became catastrophic. We were always able to manage it. We could, You know, we, we could stop it before, before anybody was killed or wounded. And it was always a constant threat. But we took massive steps to mitigate the risk.


And in fact, even I, even even some of the guys, some of your, your, your steel teammate brethren that plugged in our team, they were awesome crew that came out and, and joined us. And they were kind of jokingly calling me the rocket man there for a little bit. 'cause I had these two, I had these two flares on my back. We had a white flare and a red flare. You know, a white flare was our, our red flare was send QRFA white flare was like ceasefire. And, and so that, those were single and devices. I was like, man, I want that with me all the time. Just in case that we have that happen. I'm gonna carry that thing, those things around on me. That's ultimately my job is to prevent this happening. So we implemented lessons learned at every level of, of the team. We, we took massive steps and mitigated from happening.


And, and when it did happen, you know, like, oh, we get, we get some rounds over our head. We instantly had the radio comms and we had a good comms check with that, you know, the tank that was shooting at us. We could get 'em to ceasefire, You know, we're marking our positions ceasefire so many times. We'd throw a freaking giant, you know, v 17 day glow orange signal panel, You know, half the size of this room over the side of the building and let every insurgent know where we were at. Just because that was better than taking, You know, one 20 millimeter main gun rounds, You know, into your position. 'cause the threat of that was significant every time. Damn. Wow. Wow. You know, I heard you talking, I heard you talking once, I think it was with Jocko about getting shot in the chest in the plates.


Can you run through that in Yeah, man, that was the darkest day of my life. I'm sorry, I didn't Know that. That was August 2nd, 2006, man. We lost Mark Lee and, and Ryan job had been wounded right before that. And yeah, I, I took a round, I think it was a ricochet, You know, otherwise I probably would've killed me, flipped my spine in half, You know, What were you guys doing? We were, it started as a big, basically just a coordinate search operation into what was called the J block sector of Ramadi. And so after we'd established those combat outposts, we'd push snapper Overwatch out, and then we would push, we would push patrols with the Iraqi forces out, You know, to try to patrol into the city, engage with the local populace, show them that we were there to actually support them, talk to 'em about where the insurgents were, You know, these, these were the Marine Corps called them census operations of kind of just showing the local populace that like we were here to support them.


You know, that was, that stabilize the city, secure the local popula, you know, part which, which paid huge dividends down the road, You know, to ultimately lower level of violence. And, and you know, the on bar awakening, you know, came out once, but all that started with breaking the back of the insurgency, like really lowering their, their, their military capability. But what we would do is, is push our push patrols out with the Iraqi soldiers and the, the military transition teams that they were assigned to them. And we put cyber Overwatch out there and we had a bounding Overwatch that was in a cyber, You know, cyber position covering. And we were out with, we were out with an awesome unit from the, this was from, this was from the Task force Bandit, team Bulldog.


So this was, this was Bravo platoon. First it was Bravo platoon first Battalion 37 armored regiment of the first armored division. I mean, this was a, this was a unit that had been in the dens, you know, for, in the battle, battle of the Bulge in World War ii, like historic unit, incredible group that we built some awesome relationships with. And, and we, by the way, we couldn't have done any of these operations without these soldiers and marines, You know, we pushed into these areas. The only reason that we could do that, the only reason that we could push so deep in enemy territory is 'cause we knew that the soldiers and marines we're gonna mount up in their tanks, mount up in their Humvees, and come to our rescue and aid. And they did it over and over and over and over again all the time.


And we, we had an just an incredible working relationship with those guys. And, and I wouldn't be sitting here if it wasn't for them. And, and so we supported them as well, right? When they asked us to do things, we helped them. We put in cyber Overwatch positions. And so we were pushing Iraqis deeper into, You know, enemy held areas. And as we were clearing through an element of the J block, we'd, we'd done probably, I don't know, six or eight operations like in this area, kind of pushing deeper and deeper in. And Ryan job was one of our machine gunner, amazing guy, incredible guy. And was the kind of guy that, I don't know, I dunno how long it took him to get through buds, but it was a long time. He was one of those guys that was never gonna be the best athlete, was just absolutely tough as nails.


Yeah. And was a, was a, just a stud, you know, awesome machine gunner, super strong man of, of faith as well, You know, and hilarious. But he was, he was the machine gunner basically holding the security for Chris and the, the sniper team that was on the rooftop as we had this kind of bounding overwatch. And I was with the Iraqi element that was moving forward to the streets. And we were about an hour and a half or two hours into that operation again, one that we conducted many, many like that before. And all of a sudden, I mean, we hear a, we hear a a, a shot ring out. I mean, you can hear the impact of it, You know, and, and I, I hear, You know, our most experienced, our most comment experienced guy was Chris Kyle, but awesome, awesome teammate and tremendous sniper, saved lots of lives in the battlefield.


And, and man, I could just hear in Chris's voice, man, he is like, we, we call Ryan's nickname was big. And he was like, big has been hit. I need a corpsman to the rooftop now. And man, I could just, I could just hear the, in his voice, You know, how horrific that was. And I literally been talking to him, You know, both those guys like 30 seconds before that, right? Just, just walked down the stairs, You know, to, to, to try to, you know, we're gonna organize our team and kind of push out to the, to the next building before we to the roof out there. And man, we get, You know, so we go rushing back up to the rooftop and Mark Lee, who was rolls right back up there, another awesome machine gunner, just an incredible, incredible guy, steps right into the very position that Ryan got shot, like right in the position with his belt fed Mark 48 machine gun and just starts laying down suppressive fire knowing that like, we're gonna get shot back, You know, at any moment.


And we got up to Ryan, you know, I Ryan had been hit in the hit in the face and just a single single shot hit him in the face. You know, you could call an enemy sniper around, you could call just a, You know, obviously it was not your average like spray and pray, you know, in surg him somebody that had some good side picture trigger squeeze and g him hit him in the head. And man, it just, it just looked horrific. I mean, he's, You know, his, his eyes gone like his holy shit, half his face look like it's missing and you know how blood looks, man, it's just, So I, I just, I, I ran up to him. I just grabbed his hand. I was like, is he conscious when I rolled up to him? He's just, he's just laying there. And I grabbed, I grabbed his hand, I was like, hanging there, brother.


We're gonna get you outta here. And I, I didn't believe that for a second, man. You know, like, it just looked like it was, there was no chance. And, You know, meanwhile, mark and, and it is standing there laying down suppressive fire right over the rooftop wall where he just, Ryan just got hit. All guys stepped up there too, are laying down suppressive fire, You know, we're getting the, we're calling in the vac vehicle, the corpsman rolls up there and Is, is working on him. That Corman was Johnny Kim, our, You know, just a phenomenal guy in, in there, You know, going to work, You know, on Ryan. And miraculously, Ryan like sits up, he like sits up and says, I'm okay. And, You know, he, he's, he was the, the blood was kind of going down his, his throat, right?


So he has to kind sit up to kind of clear that. And, and we get under his armpit, we're getting him down. So the Kabak vehicle, you know, we had a M1 13, an armed personnel carrier down there, You know, for cvac. And so we get Johnny our, our corpsman and and we got, you know, guys under each, each shoulder of Ryan were getting a mask escort off the roof. And he, he walks off the roof really by his own power, like down the stairs and just, just incredibly, incredibly tough, You know, human being. And we found out later that Ryan got hit in the, when, when he was in the hospital, you know, he had all this shrapnel in his face and they were trying to figure out like what exactly happened, because I thought the round just impacted him, You know?


But he, he what we, we realized that like, there was a, there was a round impact on the receiver right at the base of the receiver where it meets the butt stock for his mark four day machine gun. And we were an hour and a half into this operation. He was, You know, it's, it's 117 degrees, You know, it's miserably hot. We're repairing all our gear and water. I mean, Ryan must have been sweating profusely. And man, just like the awesome teammate that he was, the awesome machine gunner was Ryan was on that machine gun, or he was on that machine gun looking down the sides of his weapon ready to provide cover fire. And if he hadn't done that, it would've just taken his hat off. You know, that round would've just taken his hat off. So like, that saved his life. And we, unfortunately, we didn't figure out until later.


It was, it was two weeks later that we realized that, that, that the, the shrapnel had severed his optic nerve to his good eye that he was gonna be blind as a result of that. And, and So I didn't know how it was gonna go at the time. We, we evaced Ryan, you know, we sent our corpsman with him. We pulled back to the, You know, we pulled back to the base and August 2nd we'd done multiple operations in this area. We gotten tons of gunfights in this area. There were definitely a lot of insurgents. But there was something different about August 2nd. Like this was probably, I think it, it was the largest single like, engagement of any of the, the ba the, the, the engagements that made up this like, You know, eight or nine month, like Battle of Ramadi and insurgents were just coming outta the woodwork, attacking the soldiers that were out there, clear.


So we had one sector, they were another sector. After Ryan got hit, we pulled back and, and, and went back to the, the, we pulled patrol back about a kilometer to the, to the base kinda refitted. And the soldiers were like under attack, man. They, they, You know, and they asked us if we could, we could help 'em. And, and, and, you know, they were getting attacked from these different positions. So we loaded up in, in Bradley fighting vehicles and we rolled back out, You know, into the, into the city. And it was, it was, man, there was so much going on that day, like, like for guys like Mark Lee, for all the guys that were in charge of the platoon. Like they knew they were going back out on the teeth of it.


Like we'd just seen what happened to Ryan. And, You know, our brothers in the army needed our help from Team Bulldog there. And, and nobody hesitated for a second man jocked up in their gear, reloaded, mags refitted with grenades loaded up into those, those brads. And we, we rolled out no shit. We wanted to hit those target buildings. No hesitation. No hesitation, man. Those guys did, did everything. I asked them, man, unbelievable courage. We had the, the firefight was so bad that day meant we had like, I think for the company commander's name is, is Mike by as a close friend of mine. He's retired now. Main gun.


Mike, we called him. He fired over 50 main guns from, from the, his tank throughout his, his time there. And I, I don't know how many people have done that since like the World War II era, man, 50 main guns. But he was, he was a phenomenal guy. I think every, I think just about every tank and Bradley fighting vehicle out there was, You know, we would use the term Winchester. They're outta ammo. Like they call it black when the tank's outta ammo. Like they, they shot every single main gun round that they had. Damn in that engagement. And that is some serious shit. It was, it was, it was, it was right in the teeth of it, man. And So I think for, for me, You know, I talked too quickly over with Tony, Tony, my, my platoon chief.


I was like, look, if we're gonna hit a target where we got bad guys that are shooting at us, You know, the best thing we could do is soften it up, you know, first. So we had the, we wanted to go in and try to stay off the street. We knew we had at least one sniper out there, so we wanted to try to use armor, you know, to get into, to, to, to these areas. And so we had those, the fin vehicles and the tanks just blast these buildings, man, before we went into 'em and then smashed to the walls and lower their, lower their, their ramps, You know, before we engaged and we hit, we hit one building. The surgeons had already like, pushed out of it that they, you know, the army told us, Hey, we're getting engaged from, from this building there as a surgeon in that building. So we loaded back up, we hit, we hit another building. And in the second engagement, as we went into that building, man, the building was on fire as we went in there, like the, a main gun round had already hit the building and just blasted it open.


They were, as we started moving into the building and clearing through the building, we took fire from the opposite end of the hallway. And Mark, mark was hit and killed. And somewhere I was hit in that gauge. I, I heard the gunfire ring out. I stepped out into the, into the hallway, got got hit, and I just grabbed one of our guys who was in the hallway. It was clearly a hot hallway with bullets and ricochets flying around to push him across the, the, the, the hallway, You know, just to try to get him outta the line of fire. And, and, and, You know, I heard the man down call Mark was 20 feet away from me, You know, when that happened. And, and, you know, guys came, came as more assaulters poured into the building. Like they, they cleared the rooftop and, and it was, it was, it was the absolute worst day of my life, man.


And I think the fact that I got hit, You know, just in between the plates and I mean, I knew I'd been hit, You know, but then the guy that I pushed into that room was like, Hey, la if you're bleeding, You know, just, just blood always looks like more than it is, right? It was my whole inside of my, you know, inside of my vest was soaked and it was just like trickling down, you know, you could just hear like the tap, tap, tap, tap, like bl blood on the floor. And, and, but there just wasn't time to even think about that man. I, You know, I, it was Mark was down, like we moved up to him, got the corpsman on him, got him kaza act, and for whatever reason, like I thought there might be some hope, You know, mark was unconscious when we got to him.


I thought there might be some hope to him, man, but he'd been, he'd been hit in the head. He was killed instantly. And Mark was just such a incredible, incredible warrior man. And he was doing exactly what I asked him to do, You know, which was engage enemy insurgents. He was, he was moving down a hallway, stepped up right into the doorway to, You know, to engage enemy surgeons that were shooting at us from the building next door man. And, and sacrificed himself for me. And the rest of the guys were coming in there. And he was, I mean, just like Ryan, just the most incredible teammate. Just the, the just absolutely hilarious, strong as a, just, just strong as an awesome, incredible athlete, but just the, the kind of just representing the absolute best of the seal teams, You know?


And, and I would do anything, Shawn, I'd do anything to t trade places with them, man, I got lucky, You know, for whatever reason I got, I got lucky and, and some ricochet hit me. And, You know, they patched me up and, and, and I, I, You know, there, there'll never be a time when I go up to Fort Rosecrans Cemetery and see Marsh Grave there. I don't wish that was me. Lie to the ground there, man and not him. And I think that's one of the hardest things that I could have never prepared for, right? When these, these guys that you love and would do anything for, it's the ultimate dichotomy as a leader. It's the ultimate dichotomy, which is to, to love your guys and wanna do anything for them and be willing to trade your life for them if you could.


And yet sending them out on missions where You know that they, they might get injured or killed. And I think it's, it was, it was something that I tried to pass on to the next generation of seal leaders that I, You know, just the, the reminder of like what's at stake. And we would do a memorial run every junior officer training course that I put through, like we'd park our, our vehicles down at, at Dog Beach in, in Ocean Beach, and we would ride, it's five miles uphill all the way to Fort Han Cemetery. And we'd go pair our respects to Remark Lees Buried and Mikey Monsour of our teammate and, and dealt platoon who was killed about a month later. And pair our respects there and, and just remind, remind these young leaders about what's, what's at stake man, and then the burden of leadership.


And I think for me, they'll never be like, it's a, it is a burden that never goes away. You know? It's a burden that never goes away. And I think what's as a man of faith, mark was a tremendous man of faith, and he had wanted to be a pastor, and he had gone to the master's college to study, to be a pastor before he decided that he wanted to, he wanted to join the SEAL teams. And, and I remember quoting scripture and talking about, there were, there was a, there was a time when we were out, when, You know, there was, we were engaging targets and we were talking about like, the worst case scenario is, you know, these manji Iraqi dogs that are like, you know, these kind of junky yard dogs that are running around.


Like the worst case scenario is that the, these mange dogs are like chewed on you on the street, right? And we talked about how this was, You know, that in the Bible, there's, there's numerous examples of that where like the prophet Elijah, You know, and Jezebel who's trying to kill him, the prophets of Israel, the the dogs are gonna chew on Jezebel when David and Goliath, Goliath says that he's gonna give David's body after he kills him to the birds of the air and the beast of the field. And, and we were talking about this with, with Mark, right? This idea of like, of being a warrior on the battlefield. And, and I remember sharing those scriptures, you know, with Mark and talking about his faith and, and how powerful that was for him.


And I know I'm gonna see him again one day, and I look forward to that day, man. He's, he was an incredible man. And, and Ryan job, you know, three years after the surgery on a, I think it was the 22nd surgery, repair those wounds that, you know, when he was wounded, we lost him, you know, from complications with that surgery as well. And like him, like, just like Mark Bryan was an awesome man of faith, you know, he came back from that deployment and being blind to him was like an inconvenience, you know, it was, he, he, he climbed 14,000 foot Mountain Rainier, totally blind through this awesome organization called Camp Patriot. I know, I know a number of seals that attempted it and were unsuccessful in their summit attempt, you know, with, with with their sight, You know, and, and all their limbs.


And we, he asked me to go on, I was, I was the spotter for him. And we sh he shot this world class bull elk using this little camera system. I mean, he, Ryan was just a phenomenal guy. He married his long time girlfriend, they were expecting their first child, you know, and, and you know, when, when that happened, it was just, just a, just a tremendous, tremendous loss. But I know that, that, that Mark would've wanted us to keep going, right? To keep operating, to keep doing what we were doing, to try to make a difference there. And I would talk to Ryan on the phone and Ryan would tell us to keep going, You know, in those operations. Keep doing what you're doing, keep going out there, keep getting after it. Do everything you can, you know, to try to bring more soldiers to Marines home to try to win this thing in whatever capacity we can.


And, and, and man, I just, I'm just so thankful and fortunate and honored to have been able to serve with guys like that, You know, who were willing to lay down their lives. And, and Ryan one time told me, he's like, it doesn't make me a hero just because I got shot in the face. I'm not a hero. That doesn't make me a hero because I got shot. And I told Ryan that what, what what made him a hero is not that he got shot, it was the fact that he knew that he could get shot at any time that he, that he could get gravely wounded or killed. And yet he jocked up in his gear and he rolled out all those operations over and over and over again. And he did it for me, did it for his teammates, he did it for the teams, he did it for the soldiers and marines that we were trying to protect.


He did it for the NS Iraqi people that were out there living under this brutal reign of terror and fear, You know, that, that SARS henchmen in Alca in Iraq later, ISIS, You know, ruled over them with, and, and I know Mark, mark was a hero for the same reason, man, mark was a hero for the, for the exact same reason that he was, he was willing to do that over and over and over again. And I just think it was, it's the honor of my lifetime to be able to, to have served alongside heroes like that and have, and, and be able to tell their story and share their legacy Damn life. That's heavy. That's heavy. I'm sorry, I had to go through that, man.


We're gonna see him again one day, Sean. Yeah. I look forward to that day. Yeah. Yeah. You know, when I first checked into two 40 at Bud's, mark was the, mark was my, my head mate. And no kidding man. I didn't know that. I didn't get to know him terribly well, but I am very thankful that I got to meet him. And, and he, he gave me the ins and outs of buds. What a great guy. I, I, I didn't realize that you guys, I guess I should have known that because, You know, I didn't put it together for several, several months into Charlie Platoon.


As, as he started to come, he joined our platoon and started working with us. And, and it was, that wasn't in our initial workup, that was just, that was several months before we, we deployed, but somehow we put it together like he knew Brian Bill, and So I realized that he had been to Buds previously. Yeah. And, and, and those guys, You know, Brian was one of the guys that had trained with him. They'd lived together in Virginia Beach and You know, they, they, Brian was one of the guys that encouraged him. And I'll tell you what, man, as destroyed as I was, he, Brian Bill was a, as, as as close to Mark as you could be.


And Brian wasn't close to a lot of people, man. He, he was, but he was very close friends with Mark Lee. And we talked a lot about Brian and You know, obviously I, I was close to Brian and Buds and was a, was was a friend of his through that time. And when we came back, I mean, I was, I just, was just, my soul was crushed. My soul was crushed, man from losing Mark and Ryan being blind and, and particularly knowing that I had some minor wound, man, it was like, Hey, patch me up and I'm going back to work. You know, like, it was like, why couldn't that have been me? Why couldn't I have been killed? Not, and not Mark, why couldn't I have been blunt and not Ryan? And You know, luckily I had a gr I had a great commander and Jocko who pulled me aside and said, Hey man, we don't have a crystal ball and we don't know when that stuff's gonna happen.


And if we did, we wouldn't go in that operation. But we can either choose to do nothing, You know, and take no risk, or we could do everything we can to try to make a difference here, to try to save American lives here. And that's what Mark would want us to do. That's what Ryan is telling us to do. You know, and encourage me to keep going man. And that support from Jocko was, was immense. But I remember sitting in the mission planning space as we're just kinda all reeling, You know, from, from Mark's loss. And, and at this point we didn't know Ryan was gonna be blind. You know, I, I knew it was grave, I didn't know how, I knew he was wounded badly. I didn't even know he if he was gonna like out of the woods as far as making at that point.


And I got a call from Brian Bill, who was in Baghdad with Seal teammate, and he said, Hey man, I heard about what happened and I just want you to know, like, I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna take care of the family. I'm gonna take care of Maya, mark, Mark's wife, You know, I'm gonna be there for Mark's mom, Debbie, and his family. Like, don't worry about it. You guys are gonna tenure, you operate like, I got this. And man, I can't even tell you how much that meant to me. Like for, he never questioned a thing. He never like said, what, what happened? What are you guys doing? Like all the emotions that you might, You know, expect. He just, he just said, Hey man, I'm here. I'm here to help. And gave up what was an awesome deployment, You know, for those guys, You know, he bagged at doing a bunch of great operations to go and support Mark man.


And it was, that was the kind of guy that Brian was. And it was, I can't even tell you how much that meant to me, man, just getting that call in like the darkest hour and realizing like a teammate just putting his arm around you saying, you know, 'cause that, that was one of the hardest parts is like, Hey, I, we're here, like the, the what deployments continue and operations are going on. I wanna go back, you know, I wanna be able to talk to Mark's family and, and, and support them and be there for them. I wanna be with Ryan's family. And, and yet you can't do that, right? There's still operations going on. So just knowing that teammates like that, You know, were doing that was, that was, I'll never forget that Matt, for Brian, that was just, I think a real testament to the man that he was. How long was it after that that you guys were on the next stop?


We, we had a stand down and 'cause we just, we needed it, man. Yeah, we've been going hard. We've been going hard. And Delta's platoon working across the city outta camp was gonna be on the, they were gonna launch an operation like the next day. And, and Seth Stone called Jocko said, Hey, we're gonna roll this 24 hour, 24 hours. And so he and Jocko said, Hey man, you can still go on the op. And, and Seth was like, look, I think we, we need to roll this 24 hours, right? Everybody needs to decompress. Everybody's emotional, You know? And, and so that was, that was an important thing for us, I think, just to realize like, we need to, we need to allow our guys to decompress.


But we, we had a memorial service for Mark and man, it was so guys drove down the most dangerous roads in Iraq. You know, our teammates came from Fallujah and Aha and, and, and from across the, You know, the, the, the Ramadi down that, You know, route Michigan, that deadly road, You know, to come pay their respects. And we had a awesome memorial service where we said goodbye to Mark and then 40 hours later we jacked up in our gear and we, we rolled back out. Do you wanna talk about the service with Mark or is, do you wanna keep that between the platoon? I think we all just said our goodbyes man, You know, we all just did our best to honor him. And, and You know, four guys had gone back with Mark to escort his, his, You know, earthly remains home and be there with his family and be there for memorial service, You know, for that.


And, and I think it was, it was an amazing turnaround, man. Soldiers, marines there, Iraqi soldiers. It was, it was just the kind of person he was, man. He, he was, he was just a, he was the best man. He, he was, I've never seen anybody who could use humor in the darkest situation, like to just drop a joke or, or, or like a movie quote, You know, and get people laughing and like get him, get him just to kinda shake things off. Like he was, he just was, yeah man, he was awesome. You guys took a lot of losses and You know, the, the, the world is very volatile right now and we're gonna get involved in some more stuff.


There's not a doubt in my mind the US And so, you know, for the future generations that are gonna go through similar experiences as what you just described, you know, what advice do you have for them? Yeah, I mean, our losses, you know, every time I think I've seen some combat, Sean, I read about, I read about Marines at Iwo Jima, You know, I, I I get a chance to visit Normandy this summer, right? And I'm standing on the beaches at Okinawa and, and, or, or I'm sorry, the beaches at Utah. And I've been, I've been on the beaches in, in Okinawa as well, you know, when I was deployed there back in the day. But just being there in Normandy kinda opened up my eyes to some stuff, like some of the inland fighting campaigns and things that were happening.


And you realize the kinda losses that, that, that military units have sustained over the years. You know, you go to the battlefield like Gettysburg, You know, or so many of the battles around here, you know, in Tennessee, they're not far from where we are now. I mean, just massive, massive loss of life that, that eclipse. Anything that I've experienced. And I think what I can just, You know, what I can say is like what's helped me is number one faith man knowing that like God has a plan for you, You know, and, and this survivor's guilt that, that's so easy for any of us that carry it with us is, is like the God has a plan. And, and So I think you gotta lean on God for his plan.


We don't know what that plan is. None of us are guaranteed tomorrow. We don't know what, what, what he has in store for us. But just trusting in him for that plan, leaning on faith and knowing too that like, You know, ex taking Extreme Ownership of situations, debriefing, learning lessons, even if it's things that, You know, on August 2nd the enemy fought in a way that we hadn't really expected them to do. Like they brought it, they attacked and huge numbers. And that was, that was a different, that that was, that was a different tactic, right? The enemy's gonna adjust tactics, so you gotta debrief, you gotta learn lessons to apply that stuff going forward to make sure that you try to prevent those things from happening again. And, and I, I think more than anything else, I think it's about taking care of your people, man.


Like, like you, your responsibility as a leader goes way beyond, way beyond just looking out for them, the time that you serve with them. It is about looking out for them and their families, like for the duration of y your life as, and, and I, I will feel that way about the guys that I serve with. And as long as I'm breathing, man, like there's nothing I wouldn't do for 'em, you know, there's nothing I wouldn't, wouldn't help 'em out with. There's, there's, and sometimes, You know, you lose touch with people and you haven't talked to 'em in a while and maybe people forget that. And I think it's important to reach out to people and remind them of that. It's important to check in with people. It's important just to, to, to be thinking about how you can continue to support them. 'cause it goes way beyond just in the immediate aftermath of some horrible situation like that.


And it's, it's not just about showing up and, and paying your respects to their graveside. It's about checking in with their family, checking in on their kids, You know, reaching out to the, your teammates, asking 'em how they're doing, letting them know that you're there for man. And that is, you're all in this thing together and no matter what. And I think that's, You know, when you go to Battlefield like Gettysburg, there's, there's memorials all over that battlefield. And that's what it's for, man. People put their hands up, just like in Normandy. There's memorials all over there. People, people, the veterans that survive those battles go there and they put their hands on, on, on those memorials, and they remember their lost teammates, and they, and they support each other and they help each other. And I think that's something that, that goes way beyond just the time and service that you have with people.


It's lifelong and even beyond that. Thank you for sharing that Leaf. Let's, I know it's been heavy for you and I, I just, I appreciate you going through that, man, and let's take a break. All right, Leif, we're back from the break Once again, I just, I really appreciate you digging deep and, and, and sharing those stories because one, I think it's, it's, it's extremely important to, for those guys to live on, You know, through stories. And two, it's a very, very important piece of history that, that I'm just honored to be able to document here with you today.


So. Well, I appreciate it, man. I, I'm honored to share it and anytime I get to a chance to talk about, You know, the, the teammates that I lost and, and, and honor the legacy of Mark Lee and, and Ryan job. I mean, I think it's, I'm, I'm, I'm happy to do it, Sean, and I appreciate you. I appreciate you passing it on. I think there's, there's so many lessons, You know, that, that we learn from that. And, and I think for me, I think some Americans though need to, need to understand, like, sometimes people will come up after I speak about leadership, and I talk about Ramani and I talk about Mark and Ryan and, and Mikey Ur, You know, and, and, You know, gave his life and our sister platoon, another phenomenal team guy and awesome machine gunner, You know, just like Mark and, and, and Ryan and people come up and be like, I'm sorry man.


Like, I'm sorry you went through that. And I think it's important to say that, that like, we had some dark days in Ramani. Man. I, I, I think the, You know, the, the, it's, it's kind of cliche, right? The Charles Dickens tale of two cities, right? The best of times. It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. But I think it's important to say that, man, like I would trade those dark days for anything. I would trade the days when we lost Mark and, and Ryan and when Cowie was wounded and when, when we lost Mikey Monsour. I could trade those days for anything, but most of those days were some of the absolute best days of my life. And knowing that we were working with an awesome crew of warriors, that we were out there fighting against an evil enemy, making a difference and, and have an impact, and making sure more soldiers, Marines came home to their families as a result.


And, and I think that's something that I think a lot of Americans have a hard time, You know, we kinda live in a, in a day sometimes where it's like, well, You know, is there really good and evil? Like yeah, there is. Yeah, there absolutely is. And I think when you see the kind of savagery that the, You know, the precursor to Isis, the Al-Qaeda in Iraq, what they're doing to innocent people, just the butchery and torture and rape and murder and just horrific, horrific stuff. And I think when you know that you can make a difference in the world and and rid the world of some of that evil, then it's a, it's a great thing, man, to do everything you can in that regard. And I think, I think America needs to remember that.


Yeah. And so most of the days that I served there were some of the best days of my life. I wouldn't trade it for anything. Is there anything else on this deployment you'd like to cover? No, I mean, I think that's, I think just knowing that we, you know, there were so many lessons learned, like so many things that, like that I thought I was ready, you know, or I thought like, hey, we, You know, combat was so much more difficult than we thought it was gonna be. And, and we were just humbled like on every single operation. Like something didn't go right, the enemy does something you hadn't planned. You know, you thought you deconflicted that so that all the friendlies knew where you were. And next thing you know, you're taking 50 cal, You know, rounds right over your, the top of your head.


You thought everyone knew, You know, what the position was. 'cause they could see your marking device and come to find out that they can't see that, You know, when they're looking through their, their tank sites or, I mean, just so many things like that. It was just over and over again, those lessons that we learned. And I think probably the biggest lesson that I learned is that it is, it's not about you, man. It it's not about me. You know, it's not about Charlie Platoon or, or, or our SEAL unit. And that's one of the lessons I try to pass on as I went to take over that leadership training course. And, You know, one, one example of that is like, You know, when we first joined the SEAL teams, right? It's you're training to operate in a Seal Squad or a Seal Platoon and it's just you, right?


And you have assets that are supporting you. And obviously, you know, if you're JS o or you know, there, there are times when you got a whole bunch of assets that are supporting just a, a special operations unit like that. But on the battlefield for us, we would have, You know, there might be, there might be two aircraft all of on bar province wide. So if you are gonna like, declare troops and contacts so that the aircraft would be over your head and you could utilize them just in case you might need them, where you're pulling 'em off of a, you're pulling 'em off of a marine squad that's pinned down and maybe have g as guys are gonna bleed out and die, You know, or maybe they get overrun or maybe these soldiers that, that are, You know, in this horrific situation, like you're, you're pulling assets away from them.


So I think that really was, You know, that really for me was an eye-opener of like, it's not about me or my platoon or like, it's, it's, we're part of the overall team, the overall mission and, and, and, and so we gotta share assets, right? We gotta share resources. Like we gotta actually contribute to the overall success of the mission. And I think sometimes teams get focused on like what they're doing, You know? But I think Jocko really kind of pulled me aside and, and helping me understand that like, this is, this is not about us and how many operates do we do? Or how many bad guys we kill or capture. This is about, You know, our US forces winning or losing. Like, are we gonna be successful as, as You know, as a nation here, our coalition partners are not.


So I think that was one of the biggest lessons to bring back. It's interesting for us, I've never heard it put that way to be honest with you. It's always been about the unit. I think that's What pulling assets, let me, let me re it's always been what assets can we get? Not we're pulling 'em from these, these these units and unique perspective. Well, every, everybody, I mean, look, you should be trying to get as many assets as you can, right? Like if you've got an AC one 30 gunship, use that thing, right? If you've got helicopters, use that thing. If you've got tanks and Bradley Friday vehicles, whatever assets you can have, that's great. But I think when you start to, one of the things I, the one of the, this, this is my favorite thing to do with when, So I, it was a, when I, when I came back from that deployment from Ramadi, they, they, they sent me to the center and someone decided to put me in charge of the junior officer training course.


And so I was happy to pass on whatever lessons I had there, but we spent four weeks in the classroom in a week long field training exercise. And the thing that I love to do was I would play the part of like a army company commander and I used like Main Gun Mike, the guy I talked about earlier is, is like, this is his, You know, he's got tanks, he's got assets. So, so these seal, you know, these junior officers, they're leading a squad out, you know, on the onto this training battlefield. They gotta come up with a plan. They gotta come brief me on what they're doing and what support they need from me. And so they'd come up to talk to me about their mission, and I would just be like, Hold on what you got, man, I got some guys we're, we're actually activating QRF right now, so standby. And, and I, I would just have 'em like stand there and, and just, just to, to realize that like, hey, these Army units that you're working alongside, like they, that that company commands in charge of 200 soldiers in a dozen tanks.


Like he's got a lot of stuff going on. You are not the only thing that's going on. So if you're showing up there thinking it's, it's all about you. And, and hey, my big office that's happening, and I got to witness that with a special operations unit. I was standing right there next to a company commander when a special operations unit rolled in the theater, rolled up there, handed them like the g You know, the, the, the, the GRG and said, Hey, here's what's going on. And the, and they actually were blocking the exits to the combat outposts and, and the company commander's like, Hey man, I, I got tank, I got troops outta the field right now. You gotta get your vehicles outta here. I gotta be able to use these tanks. You know, and it was kind of a rude awakening for that special operation unit to be like, oh, there's other stuff going on around here that I bet it was my big mission.


You know, So I, I think that's, that was what I tried to train those junior officers is just to pass that on to them. You know, it's not that as a leader, you don't try to get every asset that you can for your team, but it's that you realize that it's about the overall team and the overall mission. And, and, and so if you are hoarding assets, You know, or you are focused on yourself, like there may be things that you're doing that could negatively impact others, you know, who are also trying to carry out their mission and we're all in the same together. So I, I think looking up and out for a leader and, and thinking about others and those other units that you gotta operate, You know, in the same battle space with is, is crucial. Yeah. Def You know, before we, before we move on to the rest of your career, I wanna go back and I wanted to ask you, what did you receive the Silver Star for?


I received the Silver Star for that, that horrible situation au August 2nd, 2006. And I don't know if I've ever publicly said that before, but I asked Jocko not to write me up for that man. Really? Yeah. I was like, I don't wanna reward for that. This is the worst day of my life, man. I traded for anything. Mark got killed, Ryan's wounded. I don't want word for that, man. We, we did the best that we could in, in a horrible situation. I'm proud of my platoon and how they responded in the worst situation to imaginable, You know, to get the building cleared, to call in air support, You know, to, to get the evacuation, all the things that they did under the worst situation, You know, imaginable. But I was like, I don't want no award for them.


And for whatever reason he decided to that that it was deserve an award. And he wrote me up for him. So I accepted that award as a, as a recognition for the my Team Charlie platoon and what they were able to accomplish. Do you feel that there's anything you could have done to prevent that? I think that when you lose guys on the battlefield like that, like I will rethink that for every moment of my life. You know, I I I know you were gonna say that and that's why it's tough of a question as it is. Have you found anything you could have been different or is it a never, is it a never ending thing where you'll always look for what you could have done different?


Yeah, I think, I think that, I think that there is you constantly thinking, man, what if I'd have done this or would I have done that? Or what if I'd done this? And that's, that's where I think Jocko's guidance, you know, is my task. Get a commander and saying like, man, we don't have a crystal ball. Like if you'd have known that stuff was gonna happen, you wouldn't have gone on that hop. You would've have lost to that operation, you know? And I think the tough thing for me is like, you know, is, is realizing like, I can't, you know, we've got the army out there that needs our help and they're in the worst situation of, in, they're in the worst single engagement of like, the entire battle of Rama that lasted for nine months, You know, that killed 94 guys, You know, in, in, I think 94 guys killed in action in the 2, 2 8, the National Guard unit, and I think 98 total guys killed in the radio first gay combat team.


And so of all the combat that those guys saw, like this was like the worst, you know, or this was the single like hottest day of, you know, gunfire and, and, and mayhem and enemy attacks. And, and So I, I think for me it's the recognition of like, I, You know, when somebody needs your help, You know, I think you do everything you can to help 'em. And I, I try to mitigate the risk that we can control, you know, by riding and Bradley fighting vehicles so that we were behind armor and not out in the street getting shot at by snipers, by smashing through the walls, by softening up targets with 25 million meter chain gun rounds from the Bradley fighting vehicles and, and, and, and main guns from the tanks, you know, before we actually enter those buildings.


But there's, there's just never, it's just a burden that never goes away, You know? And I think, I think you, you just, you have to do the best you can in the, with the information that you have, You know? And I think there's, I would trade the trade that day for anything to do something different to bring Mark back or Ryan back. And it's something that will always be with me. You know, I think sometimes too, when you're on the, on the battlefield, the, the, if you are conducting operations, like there, there's no, the, the expectation that you are going to be able to be in significant combat, sustained combat over time without taking casualties.


It doesn't happen. It doesn't happen. And, You know, I remember a, a question our commanding officer asked us, like, you know, with any, with any operation that you go on, You know, you should ask yourself like, is it worth it? You know, is it worth the loss of one of your guys? And, You know, as we thought about that question, like, like I can answer that question right now. No, it's not. I wouldn't, I wouldn't trade my guys for, I wouldn't trade my guys for Osama bin Laden, You know, I wouldn't trade my guys for ZI wouldn't, I wouldn't trade any single one of my, my guys for, for any of these, You know, insurgent terrorist savages that we're fighting. But that's not the right question to ask.


And I don't think it's any different than, I don't think it's any different than a, if you'd have asked a company commander at Omaha Beach, like, would he trade one of his soldiers for Adolf Hitler? I think he'd just said no. I think he'd just said, no, of course not. Like, This is what soldier I care about. I'm not, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna trade that guy's life. But they were willing to make the sacrifice because they realized that establishing a foothold in fortress Europe was the key to being able to defeat Nazism so that we could live in freedom around, You know, across the globe and, and maintain our way of life. And So I think it's the same thing, right?


If you're looking at, if you're looking at a mission like that, it's, it's, it's never gonna be worth, like, it's, you're never gonna make that trade. But the, the, the, the trade is that you do the best you can to try to, to try to have the most impact that you can and in, in the time that you have. And you gotta mitigate the risk and control. And I think that's all you can do as a leader. And I think sometime the lesson learned is that combat is dangerous, man. It's, it's dangerous business. And if we don't have the will to kill, if we don't have the will to kill the enemy, and if we don't have the will to sacrifice American lies, then, then we shouldn't be a combat in the first place.


Leif, I just want you to know, I don I don't take that question that I asked you lightly. I, I asked it because there's gonna be people in your shoes. There have been many people in similar situations and, and You know, just your, your answer alone might save somebody's life. So Thank you. Well, I'm happy to share that, man. I think, I think, You know, for every leader, right? We gotta we gotta take risks. There's no, there's no combat operation without risk, right? There's no, you can't do anything in life without taking a risk, but you gotta mitigate the risk that you can control, right? You don't wanna run to your, your death, right. With your hair on fire. And I think, I think trying to balance that dichotomy, right, of, of being aggressive, but not being reckless is crucial for every leader out there.


And it definitely made me think, You know, deeply about that. In fact, there was, there was a follow on time where we had, we had some aircraft overhead that saw like some armed surgeons like run into a building. And, and so, you know, after, after losing Mark and, and losing, You know, losing Ryan, like, I, I wasn't, it was, we were gonna look at alternatives, You know, to, to try to hit them in a different way instead of, even if we smash that building with tanks and blasted it, like we weren't gonna run into that building. We we're gonna make some adjustments. So I think every leader has to make, has to learn the lessons that they can, lessons that they learned. And, and I did a poor job I think of, of even letting my guys know of even some of the, some of the ops that we turned down.


I, I've, I've talked to some of, some of the guys I served with in Charter Platoon that were like blown away that we, we turned down operations 'cause we looked at it risk reverse reward wasn't there, You know, we're like, no, we're gonna focus elsewhere here. It's, that's there's too risky. And I think the, You know, the chance of mission success are, are limited, so we're not gonna take the risks there. And, and some of 'em never even knew that, you know, that we were, that, that we were doing all we could to try to mitigate those risks, You know? Yeah, Yeah. But you're not going into combat without taking risks. And if we're not willing to take risks, man, it's, we ought to not even be there in the first place. And I think that's the kind of thing, like the idea that we can, we can go to war without taking casualties, You know? It's just, it's, it's just not true man.


It's not true. And, and I think that's more than anything, I wish that we had leaders who have been to war who understand that so that they can think very deeply about whether or not this risks here worth it. You know, at breakfast we had a, a small discussion about, I guess there, there had been some controversy about the, the special operations mission that you guys were on and, and, and people were saying wasn't special operations missions because you were operating and gun fighting in the daytime. And So I wanted to just give you the floor on that. Yeah. There was all kinds of criticism, You know, like that I've, I've, I've certainly been the victim of the armchair quarterback stuff.


I mean, that's gonna happen right? When things go wrong and things go bad. And I understand that. And I think that's a function of people just, I think not understanding what we were doing and why we were doing it. And, and I think I could have done a lot better job of, instead of getting angry or frustrated with people, of just kind of explaining that, You know, and, and talking about why we did what we did and the impact that it actually had. And yeah, I think, You know, casket and bruiser killed a lot of bad guys and a lot of those were Chris Kyle, our lead cyber point man of charter platoon was, you know, was the ringleader of that. Like, who did a tremendous amount of damage to the insurgent fighters there, disrupted dozens and dozens of attacks on soldiers and Marines and our own guys and Iraqi troops.


It saved a lot of lives, man. And had some huge impact. And when we were in the, these squadron after action brief, You know, when everyone's standing in there, all the senior officers and non-commission officers are in there kind of talking about the, the lessons learned. Someone set up and asked Jocko, Hey, you guys were out in the daytime for a lot of this stuff, you know, do you think that's a special operations mission? And Jocko explained that, You know, 99% of the, of the enemy fighters that we killed were during the daytime, You know, and he said, killing bad guys is a special operations mission. Next question. And I, I think this is exactly right. Like it's, this is, You know, I think sometimes as special operations units, we need to be innovative.


And I think you can be conventionally unconventional sometimes of like, oh, we can only go out when it's nighttime. We can only go out when we have like the, You know, the, well, what happens when you have a target that shows up in a marketplace in the middle of the daytime? Like we have, we have to be able to actual those targets, right? We have to be able to figure out ways to, You know, to, to, to do things where people aren't expecting, if they're expecting us to come at nighttime with a, You know, undercover of darkness every time. So I think our, our best special operations units are constantly innovating and adapting, You know, ways to do things like that. But I looked at what we were doing in, in Ramadi. We were, we were going out, a lot of what we were doing was undercover darkness. And that was going in at nighttime, setting up remaining over day when the enemy was actually out.


And we, when they had freedom of movement when they were actually running around the streets. 'cause they knew we, we would dominate at nighttime and aircraft could take 'em out. And, and, and they knew we, we owned the night. So, and then trying to patrol out, You know, undercover of darkness at nighttime. But there was, I I think that, you know, taking a fairly small group of guys, a lot of firepower going in deep in enemy territory, in a place where people couldn't get supporting the conventional units that were then coming in, you know, in, in behind us in mass, I think is very closely equivalent to our forefathers from the underwater demolition teams, the naval combat demolition units, right? These were the first guys on the beach taking the, taking the, taking the risk, You know, that were hitting the beaches in, in landing craft like Higgins boats and naval combat demolition units or scouts and Raiders.


And then in the Pacific Theater, the, the Frog Men, right? The underwater demolition teams, they were out there doing the reconnaissance, opening up the way blow blasting holes in, in the, You know, the coral reefs and obstacles so that, so that, You know, the Marines and, and soldiers could land. And I think that's a lot of what we're doing. And there was a, there was a shift in World War II where those, those combat, those underwater demolition teams that UDT went from daytime to to, or nighttime to daytime operations. They nighttime, they were trying to do nighttime, they thought it was safer. And they shifted to daytime because they thought, okay, well, well initially they thought it was too dangerous, but they realized that when they got these little frogs swimming around, even with the Japanese pill boxes blasting at them with mortars and artillery and machine guns, most of the time these guys wouldn't be hit.


And it was only, I think there was only a handful of ut men that were wounded or killed throughout the entirety of like daytime, like beach reconnaissance operations. So they were able to do it and mitigate the risk and they also were far more effective in the daytime. And So I think that was what we were doing in the daytime was I think very similar, like to just the making that shift. And then it was the opposite of Vietnam, You know, we're the, in the Vietnam War when, when seals, You know, were, were going out in the daytime initially, right? You're chaining the Vietnamese frogmen. And that's kinda how the, the mission started. And now all of a sudden we're gonna start into some kinetic operations. Well, nobody went in at nighttime, 'cause Charlie owned the night. You knew the vie con. We were out there patrolling, setting booby traps, setting up ambushes.


And I've talked to some of those, those Vietnam seals who made that transition and realized like, okay, the enemy's out of the night, nighttime, we've gotta shift to being out at night. And the conventional units thought that was crazy. They thought you were gonna get a bunch of people killed. But, but the seal ts were able to have massive impact, You know, for such a small unit on the battlefield because they went out at nighttime, they went into areas that nobody else could get into, and they did a lot of damage to the bad guys. So I felt like what we were doing in Ramadi was very much in the spirit of, of that, You know, those seals of Vietnam and those same underwater demolition teams and World War ii, Great analogies, great analogies. And so, so you get home, you c let's wrap up tasking a bruiser deployment.


You get home, you move into this leadership course. How, what, what's the timeframe here? How, how fast did you change the, I I I reported in, I think it was, it was like February oh seven. And so, so we got back end of October, 2006. And we, I mean, I, I basically spent a couple months at Seal Team three turned over and then, and then went to the center and we, and So I, I just, I took over the course. Did you wanna go over there? I I was ready for a break. It was a very different role. I was ready for a break. I didn't know what I wanted to do. I wanted to see, you know, did I want to get out?


I didn't really know what I wanted to do that that was a heavy deployment man. Yeah. And it was So I, I wasn't seeking that role. Somebody decided that that was a good place to put me. And what was cool about that is, is I loved it, man. I love every second of it. It was, it was awesome. And the best job in the world has been a Seal Platoon commander. There's no better job in the world than that. The next best job, I think was teaching that junior officer training course. It was, You know, I had some, You know, the, the, I got to see it was, it was an amazing leadership laboratory. I got to see different officers that were coming through that training.


We had prior enlisted seals coming to the training. We had, you know, we had guys coming out of OCS that had been in the civilian world, and now all of a sudden in the Navy, we had people coming outta RTC programs. We had people coming from the Naval Academy, we had people doing inner service transfers from the Marines or Air Force or Army that would come through that program, also put some special operations or some Air Force special operations officers through there and some Norwegian Marine Jager that came through that program as well. So I just got to see a bunch of different, different people, bunch of different styles of leadership, and it really solidified for me, like what works and what doesn't work, because I'm putting them all in these challenging situations and seeing how they react to things.


And, and so it really solidified like, This is what works and this doesn't work. And, and so it was, it was awesome to see just the, it was a, it was a phenomenal learning experience for me. I think if you really want to know something, well you need to teach it, you know, I'm sure just like when you started teaching tactics, You know, it, all of a sudden you gotta, people are gonna ask you questions, you have to be able to know things from different angles. You have to be able to, to think deeply about things and how you might react to certain situations and, and with different variables. And so that I think really solidified my thought process in thinking about leadership. And of course the first thing I did was bring Jocko over to give what we call the Jocko brief, You know, and kind of his lessons learned and, and, and seeing that over and over again.


And I got a chance to bring in Vietnam seals and, and, and, and one of the, my most favorite things was bringing in the most outstanding senior and junior list of seals that I worked with. And having them talk about the officers that they respected and liked and admired, and the ones that they didn't and what, what the difference was. And give their perspective, You know? And So I think that's something, an officer, you don't often get to see that or hear that what were the major differences, many of the ones I talked about, humility, people that were humble, willing to listen. You know, I think there were, I think the people that wanted to try to act like they have it all figured out or have to show people that, You know, I've got something to prove.


I think that number one is that that's what pisses everybody off, right? I mean, you got somebody that's not humble, that thinks they know everything. Nobody likes that. No one likes to know it all. It doesn't matter what you, what experience you have. We used to joke, we, we had a, we had a acronym for Wee Weeb, which was when I was in Baghdad, and then it became Wewe when I was in Ramadi. You know, so like, when, when people are like dropping these, like, whoa, I was there, like, You know, when I was here, when I was this unit or that unit, and like, look man, that's not, you know, that's not the way to lead, right? I think asking people questions, helping people understand, you know, the truth for themselves, like I, like I mentioned before, is, is is the way to lead.


And So I think, I think that's what really rose above is people that were humble, people that were willing to listen and learn, I think. And then the fact that people were gonna like look out for the team and the mission first. It's, it's amazing to me. I remember the first time I heard the, the term servant leadership and I was like, what does that mean? And the idea that like a servant leadership means that you, You know, yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna look like I'm here to serve the team. I'm here to, they don't work for me. I actually work for them. I'm here to help them. I'm here to put the team in the mission first before myself. And I thought that was kind of a crazy tear the person time I heard, I mean, obviously that's what good leaders do. That's great. If, if you're a servant leader, that's awesome.


But I just thought that was weird that it was even a term for that because it, it's like the worst leadership ever, right? If you're gonna look out for yourself, if you're gonna be one of these tick ticket punchers that's gonna be like, Hey, I'm all about me. I'm gonna put my needs and my wants, You know, before the, the, the team or the mission. And I think that's, that's just, that's terrible leadership. No one wants to word for someone like that. So those, those were things that kind of, and then obviously somebody that just puts out somebody that's gonna try hard, somebody's gonna have a sense of humor, You know, somebody that's gonna hold a line on things when it actually matters and, and let some things slide when it doesn't.


How do you, this is a personal question about leadership and You know, how do I, I gotta f there has to be a line between you and your guys, and how do you keep, how do you keep, lemme rephrase this, you know, it sounds like your leadership style and, and, and you know, the conversations that we had at breakfast, and I mean, you were really fucking close with your guys, like very, very close relationships, very personal relationships it sounds like.


And so how do you, how do you maintain that respect as a leader at the same time as, as, as getting so personal with, with your guys? Because that, You know, as a business owner, I found that that line can be very tricky to navigate. It's extremely tricky. And that's a fantastic question, Sean. I think this is the million dollar question, right? As a leader, you have to be close with your troops, but you can't be so close to them that one becomes more important than the other, or, or more important than the, the overall team and the overall mission, or that they forget who's in charge.


And I think there's, that's a real fine line because it's different for different people, right? I I mean there's the SEAL teams, You know, I came from the fleet where it was, I was going, you know, I was Enson Bain or Lieutenant Gigi Babbin, you know, it wasn't this like first name base. We worked with a lot of the soldiers and Marines, they were like that. Whereas we're on a first name basis, you know, I mean, chartered lieutenant, I was a LA lieutenant, that was my, you know, like, like I'm a lieutenant, but I'm la like that, that's, you know, everyone's on a first name basis. I'm sure your, your platoon is like that, you know, your platoons weren't like that as well. And, but it's, so, the line's a little more blurry, but I think it's different for different people when you realize like, Hey guys, we gotta knock this off and like get focused on what we need to do so we can get this done.


And if people aren't paying attention, then, you know, like, okay, I'm a little too close. Okay, I've, you know, I, I need to, I I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to maybe create some degree of separation, You know, here in, in, in some way. So you gotta be close with the team, right? I think the, you gotta know your people, you gotta understand what motivates 'em. You gotta understand who they are and what they do and what their skills are and what their strengths and weaknesses are and, and how you can help them. Like where, where they want to go in life, what you can do to like, to set them up for success. And I think that's crucial, You know, for any leader to, to know. But you do have to like find that, that balance. And I think for me, as the o as the A OIC, right?


The assistant platoon commander, you've got one of the boys and you're not quite the OIC you're not the platoon commander in charge. That was, it's a big step up, I think from, to go from A OIC to OIC and all of a sudden, like, you're in charge. And, and I realized I probably crossed that line, You know, with, particularly with guys that I, I'd go into Buds with and I was, you know, I've been in SQT with, and I had very close relationships with, and You know, we'd go out drinking and party and hanging out and you realize like, oh, okay, I have to, like, there's, there's, I'm gonna have to create some degree of separation here. Maybe it's, maybe I, it I go out and, You know, spend some time with 'em. Like, all right guys, stay outta trouble. I'm, I'm, you know, I'm gonna, I'm, I'm heading back.


But I think, I think it's just trying to create that so that they, you're close with your troops, you're tr you're close with the team. You understand them, you know them, they know you, they know you care about them and but, but you're not so close that that one becomes, You know, more important than the other or the good of the team or, or that they forget who's in charge. I think that's a, it's a tough balance, but it's, it's different for different people. So you have to just, I think if you're aware of it, You know, one thing that Jacque and I say with Dichotomy leadership is even just the awareness that there's this dichotomy that exists. And you have to find the balance is one of the most powerful tools you have as a leader. 'cause then you can start to monitor it. Hey, am I too close?


Am I not close enough? You know? And then, and then you can start to find balance and you're never gonna be perfectly in equilibrium. It's always gonna be constantly trying to make adjustments all the time. Okay. Makes, makes a lot of sense. Do you, did you ever vent to your, to your guys frustrations? I was probably the chief hater red drinker in cha tasking a bruiser for the while, just a, if you remember the old Dave Chappelle, the Chappelle show, the Player Haters Ball was one of my favorite episodes. And remember they just held up pictures of people and they would just, like, they'd sit around and go hate, hate and just like, make fun of him.


And, and I would just throw shade at my chain of command, You know, and talk about, I had a great relationship with Jocko. Like we lo we all loved Jocko, but you know, the next level up the chain of command, our commanding officer and staff, they were always asking for paperwork. And You know, look, they were good people. I, I, I liked em. But they, they would, they would pile a bunch of P requirements on 'em. Like, I don't have time for this stuff. We're outta here trying to fight the war. I don't need to be doing that stuff. You know? And then, You know, you get questions from, You know, the, the sea desota in, you know, 80 miles away and you know, the, the, the Jag officers asking, You know, about, You know, the rules of engagement and ma just making sure that all everything was followed, You know, precisely.


And, and you, you start to, it's really easy to get frustrated and, and get emotional and pushed back on that. And I'm lucky that I had, You know, Jocko to, to, to ask me is like, Hey, does it help you to not have a good relationship with your chain of command? And I was like, no, it actually doesn't. And worse than that, it actually, it actually hurts my team. 'cause if I don't have a good relationship with my chain of command and they don't trust me, well, they're not gonna prove our operations, right? They're not gonna gimme the resource I need. They're certainly not gonna be, we're not gonna be the go-to unit that they choose to go action a, a, you know, a, a target if they're gonna pick one platoon out of the entire team where it's not gonna be us, You know?


And so, You know, we, when, when I would vent, sometimes Jocko would kind of just allow that and then just ask some questions to kind of turn it back around to kind of think about like, what could we do to actually lead up the chain of command? Like was our commanding officer and staff, what do they want? Do they want us not to be successful? They want us to win. They want us to win. So if they've got questions about what we're doing about how we're mitigating risk, I haven't pushed enough information up, up the right up there. They don't understand why this, why this mission's important. And they're questioning that mission. I need to actually push some information to them and talk to 'em about why we're doing this. Pick up the phone and call them and talk 'em through it. And then the, You know, the JAG at C Desota, we were writing these like really basic like engaged military age male, you know, with a AK 47.


And the JAG is like, well, every, you know, senior male of the household is allowed to have like one ak You know, within their home. If you remember, they had, they had, they were allowed to have one firearm. It's like their, their second amendment, because a lot of people didn't have access to banks. And so they had their valuables in their home, and that was how they defended their valuables. So the JG is like, Hey, this is, was, is it illegal for them to have an ak? And you know, meanwhile I'm like, are you kidding me? This guy's shooting at us, You know, and you're questioning my decision, but I didn't write that in the report, so that's why you had some questions. And the moment that I put the haterade down stopped, like, You know, hating on the chain of command and, and, and telling 'em they just need to back off and let us do our job and realize like, oh, I need to push more information on the chain.


And we started to thinking, okay, what does a jag, he, he's never sat behind a sniper rifle. He's never looked through a 22 power night, four scope. You know, he's, these, these snipers were operating with incredible discipline, man, incredible discipline. I'm talking, You know, watching hundreds of people walk in front of their sniper scope and they're engaging enemy fighters. And we're talking about like with, with minimizing collateral damage. In a way, sometimes these, sometimes these savages would use like human shields, like children, yeah. Like hold them in front of 'em and try to run across the street with their rrp g You know, and snipers like Chris and Tony and others were like able to, able to drop those guys and not injure the children. I mean, amazing in a way that nobody with a machine gun's gonna be able to do that.


Nobody with a Bradley fighting vehicle, 20 millimeter chain guns ain't gonna be able to do that. And, and So I was very proud of our snipers and, and the discipline that they were using. And, and I realized that the problem was, we weren't describing it in a way that, that, that, that articulated to someone who had never been there, You know, what we were actually seeing. And the moment that we started doing that and putting that into our shooter statements, man, they were like, awesome. That's great. Keep doing what you're doing. And what, what support do you need from us? So, You know, I think so often we feel like we're in a hopeless situation, You know, if we're getting scrutiny from our chain of command, and if we take ownership and actually just lead up the chain, it makes all the difference.


And I realized, you know, when I was venting to my, to my guys and kind of throwing hate, You know, at the c soda we're at our task group that was, You know, 30 miles down the road in Fallujah, all that does is just undermine my authority, You know, as well. Like I, that never helps you, right? If you're gonna, if you're gonna just throw your chain of command under the bus, that, that just, that just undercuts everybody in the chain of command. If you do that, it's, it's not good leadership. And the best thing you can do is to say, Hey, listen, understand, this is frustrating. Here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna put this paperwork together, we're gonna get this done, we're gonna send it to our chain of command 'cause they need this information and, and we're gonna do this so we can build a relationship with our chain of command so that they're gonna support us, you know, where, where we need it. And so when you could talk to your chain of command about the realities of it, you don't have to just, you don't have to like, just sugarcoat something that doesn't make sense.


You know, like, Hey, this, they're telling us to do this stuff. It's not fun. It's a bunch of extraneous work that we have to do. We're gonna have to put in a bunch of extra hours. Maybe you have to stay long, You know, stay late or stay over the weekend or whatever. You don't even, you don't lie to the team, right? You don't say like, oh, this is great, we're gonna do it. Like, they're gonna see right through that. Yeah. What you have to do is tell 'em the truth, tell 'em why you're gonna do that, and then help them see that you're building a relationship up with the chain of command. You're, you're putting some leadership capital in the bank so that you're not pushing back on everything. So that when it, when it comes time to really push back on the things that matter, you're able to, What, how much of your decision making process and, and, and the reason that you made certain decisions, did you share with your guys, if any, did you, did you ever feel like, I mean, these are personal questions that I'm asking for myself, running as a, as a guy running a company and, and You know, I feel the need to, to explain some of the decisions that I make to my guys.


I don't necessarily know if I should be doing that. And so I'm just curious, you know, what, what do you do? I think it's absolutely the right call to, I, I, you know, you this idea of like a hundred percent transparency. Not everybody needs to know everything that, you know, You know, you would spend all your time trying to communicate things to people all the time. That's, that's not a good use of your time as, as the owner of a company. But if that's one of the biggest lessons and the most humbling lessons that I brought back with me, I wrote an entire chapter about, about that in Extreme Ownership. It's chapter 10, leading up and down the chain. So I talked about leading up the chain, but this is leading down the chain, which is, I don't think you can, I don't think you can do it enough to explain why we're doing what we're doing.


'cause I think when you kind of think people get it, You know, leaders will think, well they, maybe they get it like seven out of 10. Like no, they get it like three outta 10, maybe one outta 10, maybe zero out 10. And your job as a leader is to connect the dots between the hard work that people are doing, the overall success of the mission. And, and it's because they don't see it, right? They don't see it when they're out there in the grind, You know, e every day you gotta constantly help them see how what they do contributes to the overall success of the mission and how it's gonna ultimately benefit them as well. So I don't think as a leader you can remind people of that enough. And I mean, I, I planned the, the, so many major operations to go and take areas of that city back.


And we were the lead element on the ground with this, You know, thou a thousand soldiers and Marines and the, all the tanks and everything we talked about. And when we got back, Jocko put this slide together, he, he was tasked with going and giving a brief to like the, I think it was the chief of naval operations, You know, the senior admiral in the Navy. And, and he put the slide together and they showed the map of Ramadi, it showed the red areas that were Al-Qaeda battle space where we'd arrived and been told, don't go, they're all gonna get killed. And then it showed these blue circles going in with these combat outposts, the US outposts that went in, and then it showed like, and, and each one had like what, what our seal involvement was and how we supported them. And then it would have like yellow and green kinda expanding out.


And you, and, and, and he put this, it was like a building slide, You know, on, on a Microsoft PowerPoint slide. And so the map overlay with this building slide, and before he went to brief, just because Jock's a great leader, he always was like, Hey man, take a look at this. Tell me what you think. And he played that slide for me. And I was like, damn, dude. Like that's what we freaking did. Like I'd never put it together like that before. Wow. Never. And it was, I, I planned and lead every, every single, almost every single one of those operations that, that are the blue circles that are going in. Like we were the first boots on the ground for these, You know, support.


I was intimately involved in the planning for these things. Some of 'em were weeks in, in planning, you know, and, and when he saw my reaction to that, he was like, he, I had never put it all together 'cause man, I'm coming back from Monument. We lost Mark, we lost Ryan. Like, I'm like, man, I know we made a, like, we certainly had some impact there, but did we have any lasting impact? Like should we, should we have done what we did? Like I, all these questions, right? That I'm constantly running in my head all the time. And when he put that together, I was like, that's what we did, that's what we contributed. We, we contributed to take that city back. And, and you, you could see it in the combat outpost knowing that hundreds or maybe a thousand soldiers and marines for each one of those blue circles are going in.


You know, that, that these are people that dozens of them might have not come home to their families otherwise, you know? And, and so when you, when you start putting that together, what's cool about that Sean, is, you know, we all split up and kind win our separate rays. And I have had the chance over the years to pull some of my guys together and, and, and show 'em that slide. Do you still have that slide? I do have that slide and I can I put it up on screen? Absolutely. And it will be, it was, when I show them that slide, they say the exact same thing. Damn dude, I had no idea That's what we did. That's cool man. And So I think it's a reminder that like you can't do that enough as a leader. And it's one of the most humbling lessons I learned of like, if I'd had just taken the time to take a step back, remind people about what they're doing, how the impact, you know, our, our mutual friend Jake, You know, that we went through buds with was, was a machine Gunter for us.


I remember him telling me, You know, he's like, man, I'm just carrying this machine and he's carrying this 600 round load out and this machine gun. And, and we put, I mean we put optics on those machine guns 'cause we, they needed PID they, they weren't using like the ACOG to to, to shoot the gun with it. We needed A-P-I-D-A target. So I mean it's, it's getting heavier, right? With all this gear you're putting on, it's probably weighs 20 pounds, You know, and you're carrying, you know, 600 rounds, each of those hundred round boxes is what, seven and a half pounds if they're carrying push, you got helmet, body armor, water, You know, all this stuff. And they're patrolling multiple kilometers to get in, You know, some of these areas, particularly in the rural areas outside the city. When we were doing some of that work, and I remember Jake coming to me being like, dude, I'm just security detail for Chris and the snipers man.


And, and I was like, man, I have just failed him as a leader. I was like, I was like, Jake, when we get attacked, which is pretty much every operation and we have three dozen enemy fighters trying to overrun our position, we're not beating back that attack with a bold action rifle, bro. The, we're beating back that attack because of you and your machine gun. And that machine gun has saved our lives over and over and over again. We could do none of this without you carrying that heavy firepower. And then we talked a little bit about, I I was like, how many times have you like shot your, your loadout, You know, your entire loadout? And he was like, I don't even know.


I was like, I don't even know. Like he didn't even know. And, and it was interesting 'cause I talked to, I talked to some of the Vietnam seals and some guys that were machine gunner, including Moki Martin, who's a phenomenal seal o if you remember, Moki was just a legendary West Coast seal, six deployments to Vietnam. Amazing guy. And he was telling me like, we were just talking about like how many, how many times they actually like changed the belt on their machine, on their stoner, you know, their M 60. And it was like in his six diplomas, he was, he told me it was just a, it was a handful of times like a, you know, they would break contact and they would break off. And I was like, well, how many times did you guys shoot your, you know, like your entire load out of Bel Fed round your care?


And he's like, I don't ever remember Todd doing that. And so, You know, Jake and our machine gunners did that. I mean all like almost every single operation we went on. So I think I had, I did not help him understand just how important he was for the mission and how he was contributing to the mission. We couldn't do any of this without all the work that s snipers were doing. And making precision shots is not possible without those belt fed machine gunners. You know, guys like Jake, guys like Mark, guys like Ryan and Mikey Monsour that were out there, you know, carrying that heavy, the equipment. So every leader I think has to do that. And then when you can put it in Context, so you're, you're, you're just consistently empowering your guys every chance you get.


Well, I think the lesson is that I was, I wasn't doing a good enough job of, I did not do a good enough job of taking a step back and realizing like, Hey, they don't know that and they don't know that. 'cause I'm not telling them that's What you, you did After, that's the lesson I brought back, is like, I gotta do a better job of telling 'em, of letting 'em know what they're doing, why, You know, why they're doing it, the impact they're actually having, what's the strategic impact that they're actually having? So, You know, I think when you've got people on your team that are in the grind, you know, they're head down, they're doing a thankless, you know, what seems that kind of thankless work, You know, whether it's editing videos or posting social media clips or, you know, scheduling travel for podcast, whatever it may be. It is, it is absolutely imperative that you constantly remind them about how important their job is and how what they do contributes to the overall success of the mission and how that ultimately is gonna benefit them, You know, down the road as your team continues to, to grow and expand.


And I think it's every leader's job to do that. Man, there's some great advice in this one. Thank you. So after the, after the, the, I'm sorry, the, the, the, the, the leadership, what was the unit? What, where did you, I'm sorry, after the next, after your next station. So I went back, I talked to that junior officer course for two years and tried to wish, teach, You know, those junior officers, everything I wish someone had taught me before. I went into a, a tough combat situation. And, and then, then I went to the, the director of training was, was an, was an awesome leader who came to me and said, Hey, why don't you come be my operations officer of SEAL Team one?


And, and that was, he was, that was Keith Davids who was our, just, just stepped down as our, our Naval Smith War for Admiral. He was a phenomenal leader and was an awesome guy to work for. So got a chance to, got a chance to go and serve with him as operations officer at at Seal Team one did another deployment to Iraq, supported some guys in Afghanistan. You know, we sent to, to, we sent guys to multiple locations around the world. But I was pretty frustrated on that deployment, man. Like sitting in, You know, we did a i I, the theme was to like, I I had said for all our guys, we, in Iraq, we were trying to embrace mediocrity and like not operate a bunch so that we could try to pull our guys and move them to Afghanistan where the fight was going pretty hot and heavy.


That was 2009 and 10. And so things were kind of just ramping up for like the, You know, the marine push down into Marja and Helman province and some of these big operations that were going on in, in kinda the Taliban strongholds in in Helman and, and Condor province. And, and we didn't do a good job of embracing mediocrity 'cause we did a ton of operations, but I don't think a single seal on the, on, on that operation or in, in Iraq we captured a bunch of bad guys and, You know, disrupted some, some terror cells and, and guys did great work, man. We had an awesome team, but I don't, we didn't have a single seal fires weapon in anger in Iraq on that deployment. And, and meanwhile, you know, it just was Marines were getting blown up all the time, You know, soldiers getting killed and in, in Afghanistan.


And it was very frustrating to me, you know, that every time we tried to say like, Hey, we can send more guys to Afghanistan. We can support, you know, the, the conventional units and they're moving into these villages and Taliban stronghold areas. We can do what what Taca Bruiser did for the, you know, for, for the Army and Marines in the, in the urban environment. Just it from the high ground, You know, on the ridge lots with, with seal snipers. And we would constantly get told like no demand signal for more seals. What changed? I think it was the force cap, You know, president Obama approved, like the surge, the surge numbers there. And I think there was just a, I think there was some, there was a force cap limitations.


Hey, well, well surge force is there, but we're only gonna serve X number of forces. So people are tracking everybody that's there. And frankly, I don't know that there was a lot of appetite in our senior, in our senior leaders. I think there was more of a, there was kind of a, a a, an argument going on that we should be more on the kind of the find fix and let the kind of host nation forces do the the finish piece. You know, You know, it was a really interesting time. I mean, I had no idea you were, you were synagogue down to Marja and Helman at the time, and I was down there contracted for the agency. We had a safe house get head, and I remember the, it was supposed to be the biggest offensive, the second biggest offensive force of the entire global war on terrorism since Fallujah.


And they had a amassed a ton of Marines down there to do this push. And then I remember when the R OES came out for the military that they were, somebody could shoot at you and drop their weapon and you, you could not engage them. And You know, I just, I remember hearing that and, and thinking like, holy shit, you just chop the fucking legs out from every marine down here that you want to conduct this massive offensive force with. And it was just, it was, it was mind blowing to me.


Like, talk about demoralizing your fucking people. I can only imagine, Sean, there's, there's no way you can win, right? It's what I talked about before, right? If you're gonna go to war, man, you gotta have the will to kill the enemy and you gotta have the will to die. And, and I mean, there's, This is what it takes to win. And I think the, the, You know, my frustration was that we didn't, we couldn't, we couldn't get hardly anybody involved in it. So, You know, we had one truth that was working outta Kandahar at the time, and they kinda got split up and, and and tasked with some different provinces. And we had some guys that did some great work there, man, and, and, and made a difference. You know, it made an impact for sure. They did awesome, awesome work. Did a bunch of combat operations that killed a bunch of bad guys and opened up some areas that Taliban had kind of controlled before.


And, You know, enabled freedom of movement for US forces and kind of pushed the white space back around some of those bases where they kind of, You know, kept people, You know, in when they're attacked a moment to get off a base. But we couldn't get more people there. And You know, I, we only had a handful of guys that supported, you know, some of the Marines pushing into those areas. And the whole time, like, You know, the, there was just a pushback with the Naval special warfare. And, and I just felt like, to me that was probably the, the number one driver, you know, our, our friend Elliot that a month after we left Ramadi got blown up coming out of a sniper Overwatch position. He'd been wounded, the, and one of these insurgents had crept up near his position and literally like rolled a grenade through a loophole.


So he is sitting there on a sniper weapon and they push a grenade through the loophole. They like snuck up, like somehow jumped from roof out to roof up, pushed the grenade, grenade goes off, wounds him in the arm. So as he's getting Caza backed, You know, they called in the, the Bradley fighting vehicles and as they're getting, getting Kabak, they clacked off a big ID on him and think it like ripped a Iraqi soldier in half in front of him and blew him up, You know, really bad. He lost a leg. I think there were white phosphorus shells, Willy Pete Hills. So like, oh man, horrible burns on on his body. And, and, and yeah man, he just was like, man, you remember El Ellie's just as good a dude as there is, You know, just an awesome, awesome team guy.


And we'd served together IL team five and Bend to Buds together, served together IL team five. Then I turned over with him. I rem remember seeing him and my close friends that were now relieving me, You know, as we went home. And I remember seeing him in the turt turt of a 50 GA man in the 50 gallon and a turt of a hum about to make the bush across down that horribly dangerous road route Michigan that was the most heavily IDed road in all of Iraq. And he was like, all smiles like fired up, you know? And I was just, man, just, just said prayers to, you know, protect these guys and look out for 'em. I, I knew what they were up against, You know, and I think it was November 19th, like he, he got, and then one of the other seals got injured, like, like, thought he lost both his legs, like just, you know, was like blasted on his back and then Id lifted his legs up in the air.


But his, like, his T fib is like, like he's got double compound fractures. So like all he sees is like his stomps and he lifts his legs up, they're like hanging down. So I thought he lost his legs. And that guy, thank God, ended up recovering and had, you know, these titanium inserts in his legs, like amazing, amazing guy. But Elliot was in, was in real bad shape, man. And I, So I spent a bunch of time with him when he came back to the States and he went to Burke Army Medical Center, which is the primary burn care facility, you know, you know, center for the, for the, the military. And You know, just seeing some of the guys who were in the ICU there and coming outta Iraq at the time was, was a horrific, horrific thing, man.


Just knowing like, You know, you see these soldiers marines with like, their faces burned off and no fingers and like no ears and noses and lips and stuff gone. And just, and many of 'em still are like, You know, they're, they're making the best of it, man, You know, they're happy to be alive and they're, they're continue on their lives. And, and it was, it was, man, those, those guys were just, just heroes, man. Just heroes, just awesome. Their, their attitude on life. And, but it made me wish that we'd put a lot more of those insurgents in the dirt than we did, and we did everything we could, but then when I, You know, as I was serving, I would go over and Elliot then went to, he then went to Balbo Naval Hospital.


And So I was going up there and visiting with him and, and I'd see a bunch of those marines that were coming in, coming in from Hellman Province and Con Hall Province and a place like Sangin and, You know, Marja and, you know, legs gone, arms gone, you know? Yeah. And, and to me it was, I think that was kinda the final straw for me of like, man, this is, we can help these guys and, and You know, we're not being allowed to do it for political reasons, whatever those are, whoever's sures possible, You know, and, and You know, I felt like it was, that was, that was probably the final straw for me of like, You know, I think it's.