
If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks with over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with Bael right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Mike Grover, welcome to the show, man. Thanks. Thanks for having Me. Dude. We just knocked out one of the most fascinating everyday carry pop pocket dumps I've ever seen, and and the fact that you designed all that hardware is just astounding. It's awesome. Thank you. And so we got connected through mutual friend Bryce Case Jr. Yeah. And Thank you Bryce. And man, we've been trying to make this happen for I think a year. Yeah, over a year. About a, yeah, over a year now. So, yeah. 'cause I interviewed, he was our, he was last year's Thanksgiving episode. Yep.


And we got connected right after he told me about the O MG Cable. Yeah. Which you developed. And we'll get into that. But real quick, let me, let me, let me kick it off with an intro here. Sweet. So, Mike Grover, AKA mg, you're a hacker, red teamer entrepreneur, artist, security researcher and educator. You work for Fortune 500 companies conducting red team operations to test and enhance their security. You design and build covert hardware implants that bypass and challenge computer security. You also run a business that manufactures and sells your hardware designs, which are now used by countless companies and governments to strengthen their own security.


The most well-known hardware design is the OMG cable, a malicious USB cable, or also a husband and a father. And I'm sure I'm missing a whole slew of stuff, but at least that paints the picture. Thanks, man. But, You know, I want do a life story on you, you know, some of the, some of the things that you have developed, and then probably go down some rabbit holes with cybersecurity. Maybe. I love knowing what China and Russia are up to, if you have any insight into that. But, but before we start anything, everybody gets a gift, so.


Alright, gummies. Thank You. They joints lead gummy bears. So made right here in the USA legal in all 50 states. Alright. So, You know, I know you guys got some fun gummies out there in California, but this is just candy. So I, I'm gonna eat some now, man. These are, Go right ahead. I want something. Yeah, I'll take some of those. Yes, Thank you. I'll see if I can not eat these by the end of the show. Good luck.


Ice. Those are good. Not bad, huh? Oh, But sorry, I'm gonna talk with my mouth full, but Mike, I got a, so I got a Patreon account. It's a subscription account. It's, they were a major, we were just talking about before, you know, right before we kicked this off about starting businesses and how this started in my attic and we're both entrepreneurs and, and so developed the Patreon very early on. They, they have been the key component to how I've built my business. And a lot of 'em have been here since the very beginning.


So one of the things that I do is I, I give them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. And so this is from somebody anonymous. What's the simplest trick hackers use? That 99% of people still fall for every day Asking, just ask them, ask them for access. Granted, you gotta kind of click it a little bit, but you pretend to be somebody you're not. And for instance, like I'm, I'm your IT department, I'm your hr, you call 'em up, you email 'em and you say, I need you to do your thing real quick.


And that process will generally have them maybe entering their password, for instance, except it's into something you control. And at that point you've got their password. That's, that is a method that still heavily used and constantly works. No kidding. That actually happened to us here. Oh yeah. Yep. Yep. We had to have Brian Montgomery jump in and save the day. But Yeah, it was, I, we got an email saying, we want you to be on this podcast. Yep. And I thought it was bullshit. We had a staff member that, that kind of like, pushed me to do this and of course everything was in a rush and boom, we saw that.


Then my guy, they got into our Facebook and almost hacked everything. Yep. Took it all. Yeah. And, and Ryan was able to jump in and saved the day kind of last minute there. So, nice. Thank you, Ryan. But what, what else? What's another one though? I mean, that is, that is like the go-to, right? Like, I mean, you can walk into a building, but why do that when you can just ask from halfway across the world, right? Yeah. Like, I mean, most, most companies you'll still be able to walk in and do all that stuff. It's just not worth the risk unless they've got that level of security kind of locked down where it's like, okay, you can ask anybody in the company for their password.


They can give it to you, but you can't do anything with it. 'cause You know, we got like two factor turned on or stuff like that. Different security controls and detections that suddenly requires physical access to, You know, you have to take more risks to do that. And that's, it's a lot more skill, a lot more work to make happen. Interesting, interesting. Well, You know, I had a little chat with Bryce before, before he got here today, and we were talking, and by the way, have you ever seen, have you ever seen that video of him at the Dead Mouse concert? He's, he's up there, he's rapping and falls off the stage. I gotta roll this club. Have you, you've seen this, right? I, I believe so. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta roll the club.


It's hilarious. Pass the plane. He brought something up that wasn't in your outline. Oh Shit. And so might be a little uncomfortable, but I gotta ask it. And, and I think it's a good question because it sets the stage for the entire interview and everything we're gonna, we're gonna talk about. But he says in case he chickens out, ask Mike about his design being so good that they were copied by the most well-known hacker of all time.


Kevin Nik, also known as Condor. So I gotta hear about this man. Oh, Okay. What Is this? The O MG Cable Predecessor. Right. So I had been doing lots of designs of malicious cables, right. And I had some really early proof of concept just to, just to show it's possible. No wireless connection, really tiny payload capability, you know, a few dozen, maybe a hundred keystrokes. Right? It really limits what you can do. It's really slow. I mean, we're not, we're not hitting that thousand keystroke per second thing. Or maybe maybe a dozen really slow. Right. But it's like, it, it worked, right?


You can't remotely update it, can't do anything. But it worked. And I wanna show the world. 'cause You know, hacker, you want to share the information stuff and work with other people. I, I didn't see it as like a product. It was just more like a project, more like art. Like, hey cool, look at this thing. And yeah, he, he reached out and wanted to kind of collaborate and, You know, have me, You know, build one for him. And I, I started on that process, but we didn't, I I didn't have enough time to complete it with his, his work constraints as well. 'cause he didn't have time and stuff. And eventually what happened, I, I didn't know about it, but he went to someone else and said, make this for me, and no shit. Yeah, it was, it was not like I didn't know about it until it came out.


And then the thing is, it, it, it, it wasn't very good And it was just like, dude, first of all, it is not very good. This sucks. I wish like, you know, making this proper product, but also it was like, hey, if you, you know, had the resources, like fucking, I could've used that because I was just doing this on the side. Right. But we have, you know, solved things since then. You know, I think there's certain levels of communication and misunderstanding. So I don't wanna be like, ah, he is, he's the worst. But, You know, lessons learned as well of like, You know, if if it's something you can turn into a product, maybe wait until it's ready. You know, things like that. Which is exactly what I did with the O MG Cable.


Right. That, that, that's where it's like thousands of times better. And I mean, is enraging as I'm sure that was, it's also pretty flattering that Oh yeah. You know, the, is he really like the world's most renowned hacker? I mean, well, so RIP he's no longer around. Oh really? Okay. Yeah, exactly. But yeah, the, the way he would be introduced, I like, I, but it was always the world's most famous hacker is the, the tagline that was used. What made him so famous? What Was the deal? So, well he, God I need a refresher on this, but basically he had gotten the attention of the FBI and they were hunting him down for getting into various places, a lot of social engineering tricks and stuff like that, and kind of a cat and mouse game.


There's a movie called Take Down, right? So good movie, check it out. But he, you know, went to prison then and was pretty unfairly treated. There was a whole free Kevin movement where, You know, they were doing, I think they put him like solitary or something because they thought he could like whistle into the phones and like launch ICBMs or some shit like that. Oh my, My God. Like they, this is like back, back when everybody's like, oh my god, hackers just evil wizards still like that date. But it was much worse back then. They, they had no idea what was even possible. So yeah, I like he was held for much longer, I don't think.


Yeah, I, I, I don't wanna misspeak here 'cause I don't bring all particulars, but he was held for a very long time. Pretty unfairly. Eventually got out and then went into InfoSec as like a profession using that And then tried to take your own G cable. I mean, I guess, I guess he, he knew, he knew it looked good, so, hey, he's good at that. Hey, you get the, the world's most renowned hacker taking, you know, you stuff. That's, that's pretty cool. Yeah. And You know, sounds like everything worked out today, so. Oh Yeah, definitely. He, and just for the record, he got a, he had a pretty unfair shake at life. He ended up, I think he got, got pancreatic cancer and he died before his first kid was born, which is just fucking terrible, man.


So yeah, I've, that's horrible. I've since met up with, with his wife and, You know, cleared the air. So good for you. We're good. Good for you, man. Well let's get to you. Yeah. So, you know, l like I said, I wanna do a life story. We gotta get into the o MG Cable stuff and all the other stuff that you're designing, some red team stuff. But actually, actually in your, in your bio, I know what red team operations are. Yes. Or red cell operations. Yes. But could you explain that to the audience? Yeah, It definitely, so there's a lot of it, it depends where we're talking about red teaming. 'cause there's military red teaming, which I would love for you to gimme a couple stories on. 'cause I mean, I'm sitting in a room with a guy who probably knows that really well, way more than me.


So it would be a little ridiculous for me to explain that to you. But red teaming in terms of like corporate cybersecurity is a subset of pen testing. Pen testing is find the holes, tell us the holes, right? I mean that's cool, but it doesn't quite test how someone responds. I think there's this like, I think it's a Mike Tyson quote where everybody has a plan to like get punched in the face, right? It's like, okay, well it's maybe a little aggressive in context of cybersecurity, but You know, how do you solve that? Like in boxing, you, you train, you get punched in the face, right? And then well, okay, now it's not gonna be new when it happens.


So you might have a plan, but are you gonna execute on the plan? Are you gonna like miss some steps? Is motion gonna get involved? And also, You know, I can find holes at different layers, but red taming is gonna be repeating exactly the entire chain. It's often called a kill chain where it's, you are connecting all of these different vulnerabilities to go from completely outside to completely to the crown jewels, take 'em out and succeed. And then you show how you did it after the fact. So How'd you get into that? Good question. So kind of almost don't even know, but over the course of just life, and I started off as just help desk it cis admin where you learn a lot of things.


And at the time I didn't think it was very applicable, but like tho those are all the systems and the nuances and like just the weird compromises you learn like, oh, I don't have enough budget so I'm gonna do it this way. Or you learn about the end users that you're supporting this help desk and all the problems they run into and oh, they're running into like policy that stops them from working so well. They're gonna do this, that's gonna cause a degradation in security. But it's really common. And You know, that having been in help desk in system and so you start to connect these things together And it, it becomes this really valuable just bucket of information for, oh, how would I get into the company using that?


And, You know, got really into security for a while. It's just, it's, it's also a piece of that role. Like you're gonna run all the, the systems for it. You gotta keep 'em secure too. Especially in small companies where you don't have dedicated security. It's like, no, you, you are the security. So you gotta learn it that way. Which requires you to think also how does an attacker do it? 'cause you, you gotta defend against that, right? So eventually I just kinda got bored of doing it and made the jump into security, started learning actually Bryce so good connection on this as well. So I had known Bryce for a long time and I think It was like 2013, first time I went to Defcon hacker security conference.


Biggest one in the world in Vegas every year. And I decided, oh God, what was this? So there's these unrecorded talks they also do in certain areas. He was on stage, I think he was doing something with like Bitcoin at the time and he had this like, like telepresence robot on stage for a guy who was on house arrest. Like he couldn't come. So he brought a telepresence robot to be like Bryce's partner on the stage. And it was, it was just wild watching this. So I'm in the audience, I'm just like, oh yeah, Bryce, You know, buddy Cracker, I don't like it. I'm gonna go see what he's doing. And then, you know, he gives us a talk and after it's done I'm like, Hey yo, what's up?


Like, never met you before. But from that point on, we kinda, you know, our relationship grew, got to know him a lot better. But he also DJs as You know, and he was DJing for a, a guy called Fuzzy Kn Who, or sorry, flip that around. Fuzzy Knapp was DJing for him. 'cause he also MCs and sing songs, right? So he needs someone, you know, play that So Fuzzy was DJing for him on a lot of his shows. So I met him and well he is the one who had built out a red team for a new company, not a new company, new red team for a company, large company.


And he ended up pulling me over into that team. So, Oh cool. Yeah, I love that guy man. Bryce is great. I love that Guy.


Going online unprotected is like leaving your door unlocked when you leave the house. Maybe you trust some of your neighbors, but what about random strangers? Do you trust all of them too? Do you really want to take that chance With Express VPN, you can stay safe online without having to trust anyone. Every time you connect to an unencrypted network in a coffee shop at the airport, really in any public place, your online data is not secure. Anyone on that same network can gain access to and steal your personal data. Express. VPN changes that as easily as opening up the app and clicking one button to get protected. I've been on the road speaking with all kinds of people, from health gurus to world leaders and data security is extremely important to me. Express VPN helps defeat hacking attempts by creating a secure encrypted tunnel between my device and the open internet. So you don't have to worry about who else has access to your information. Secure your online data today by visiting express vpn.com/ss. That's exp RES svpn.com/ss and you can get an extra four months free express vpn.com/ss.


This episode is sponsored by Rocha. Rocha is a performance eyewear brand for people who want to invest in themselves. Rocha manufactures premium sunglasses, prescription eyeglasses and readers and cuts all of their lenses here in the US at their headquarters in Austin, Texas. Roca recently partnered with one of my favorite guests, Dr. Andrew Huberman, to launch a new line of glasses called the Wind Down Collection. Guys, I've tried these, You know, I have problems sleeping. I absolutely love, love, love these frames and lenses. They're available with and without prescription. And have a proprietary red lens that helps filter out short wavelength, light, short wavelength. Light is in pretty much all artificial light and it's terrible for your sleep. Roka, let me try a pair of these things and I could feel the difference whenever I wear them. I wear 'em in the evening after the sun goes down. I pretty much started at dinner and I wear it until bed. And lemme tell you these things work with so many options and I wear wellness products out there. It's a relief to know the glasses I'm wearing help. Two things. I really care about my vision and my sleep. And as a business owner with all the decisions I already need to make every day wearing a pair of Rocha's glasses is one of the best ones I've made. Check them out for yourself@rocha.com and Use Code SRS for 20% off site-wide at checkout. That's rocha.com with code SRS.


Well, let's took a little sidetrack there, but let's, yeah, let's get to you and Let's get to your child. I'll let you get there eventually. Where'd You grow up? All right, So I grew up in Wisconsin. Yeah, brothers, Sisters. Yeah, I got a younger sister four years. You guys tight? Yeah, we, we don't keep in touch as much. Both like super busy, but we, we could definitely be a lot, a lot closer. Is she a hacker too? No, she, culinary. Culinary. Yeah. Picked that up from my dad as well. So my dad, yeah, so he was in the Navy as a corpsman for a while. I think It was like four years submarine stuff.


But medicine, both my parents in in in medicine were in medicine and they did a lot of DIY stuff. So they built their house from the ground up, designed it from the ground up. So I was in that, that kind of raw materials environment. Like the house never actually fully got completed, which is actually kind of cool 'cause it's constant like tools, raw materials around growing up. I thought that was an amazing experience, dude, I remember shoveling out the, the house because it snowed before we got the roof on. No kidding. Yeah, it was pretty cool. I was, I was pretty young at the time, but it was still like, you know, impacting like, oh look, you can just, you can just do stuff. Right? You like, that wasn't a profession, but they just picked it up, learned it, how to design it.


Built nearly everything. I think they didn't do was the, the masonry for the basement 'cause yeah, the trusses. And then they were rushed with the weather to get the drywall up. So they paid for for that. Everything else they did by hand. Wow. Wow. Pretty cool. So, but yeah, culinary, right? That's going back there. Yeah, he's really into, he, he was really into just cooking and really, really good at it. I, both of my parents were doing barbecue competitions for a while as well. It was just jack trade.


Yeah, just get into it and go. And I think that was a pretty good learning experience. And obviously that had an impact on my sister who got in a culinary as well and just did some, did some great great stuff there. I I didn't pick that skill up. So what, What were you into as a kid? Oh God, definitely electronics type stuff. So I guess depends on the stage, video games first. Lots of video games. What video Games, what platform? I guess it time is over time. So there was the console stuff like Nintendo, et cetera. So let's go, let's go all the way back. So Atari, and this is kinda like the first hardware hack actually my dad.


So if you remember the Atari joysticks, it's, it is a joystick and a single button, right? That's, that's the whole controller. And we were playing the game tank. You just move around like you're in a tank and you fire at stuff. My dad took some speaker wire, a tongue depressor medicine and random button probably from Radio Shack and just taped it to a stick to the T tongue depressor, ran the wires off and soldered it to the controller so that I could have access to my own little like button when I, I don't know, it was like four or something So I could fire the tank while he steered it around. Right? Yeah. I thought that was pretty cool And it kind of stuck with me, right?


Like you just modify stuff, like hacking stuff. So very simple. But You know, that was the first video game, first hardware hack, right? That I was kinda exposed to and yeah, spent lots of time on like Nintendo, super Nintendo, and then I got into Quake. Quake was extremely impactful for me. That's where I went from, You know, consoles to the computer in the house that we had. You know, I used it for like encyclopedia, like you could chat with people online. Cool. But it's more just a tool, right? Then quake, you gotta start learning things back when Quake came out, you know, this was late nineties, right? You gotta learn like how dial up work, how to connect to other people.


So you could do multiplayer. Like that wasn't just like a button or two. It's, you gotta learn stuff. And even running Quake, it's like, oh, you, you just don't launch it, You know, reboot the computer and dos mode and stuff like that. And so you're learning how a computer works, But that also kind of, that's where we get into hacking as well. That's, that's kind of like the inflection point of wow. A lot of things. Also, you know, nineish Nails was built in that game. They did all the sound effects and you, you can see the Nineish Nails logo on the, the crates of nails as well if you look in there. But yeah, that was also kind of impactful for me with the stylistic stuff and the art. Damn. So you started the hacking stuff at like, how old were you?


It was the same age. So That was, that was high school. Atari was high school. No, Atari. Oh God, I don't, I don't even know when that was. Yeah, I mean just really It was like five or six. Yeah, I don't, I don't even know. Damn. Eighties. It was the eighties. Like I don, but yeah, quake was high school. Right on. Right on. So what did, well let's fill in the gaps in between now. Yeah. Were you into anything other than electronics or was it always just electronics? And I shouldn't say just, was it always electronics? Yeah, I mean there it is all connected in some way. Like I was in cars as well, like, you know, part of it was just like making the car continue to run.


But also, you know, like let's, let's add sound systems to the cars and learn how that works. Which is, You know, electronics in some way also got into water, cooling the computer to overclock it. But that required learning, like Water cooling. What you mean? Water. So these days you can just buy a kit and install it, right? But most computers are air cooled. You got a little fan in there blowing out the heat, right? If you overclock a computer, you can get a lot more power out of it, especially back in, You know, nineties, early two thousands. But it would dump a lot of heat, lots more heat and air cooling couldn't keep up with that. So what you do, you take little water blocks, basically like a little piece of copper, strap it to the processor, the video card and run water looped through it.


Kinda like a, I don't know how to better explain that, but it's like a little maze that the water would take through, through the channels on this block And it would pull the heat out and you would dump it and at the time, God, it was a Chevy Chevelle heater core that was just like the perfect size and you could use that as a radiator with a larger fan on it. So instead of using the small fans that you'd find on like laptops or even desktops that, You know, maybe it's like that big, you just fan that big And it keeps it quieter while dumping heat and you can just run these things really hot and yeah, I, I had to learn how to make those things right. So, You know, you get a pond pump from like a fish store, you get the chavelle heater core, get all the tubing wire together.


But I had to mill out and I didn't mill it. I drilled it out. I used a drill press because I could, could not afford access to that. I, it was like a hundred dollars drill press at the time. You just do like cross drilling through all different directions, plug it up and get this cool spiral pattern where the water would go through it and pull heat out of all your devices. And you gotta learn about things like corrosion. Like you got copper and brass and aluminum and like, You know, these things are gonna start to corrode. So you learn, you know, the, the chemistry behind how to prevent that from happening. 'cause you don't want corrosion. 'cause then your computer's gonna have water all over it when it leaks, for example. Right? So, wow.


So you, you like a jack of all trades. Yeah. You like taking stuff apart, putting it back together, figuring out how it works, how to fix things that very young age And it just exploded. Yeah. Basically, basically into what you're doing Now, how'd you get into hacking? So I'm gonna put that on quake as well. So you, you're playing online games, right? And you learn, you can do like interesting things. You start controlling things in weird ways And it kind of escalates and you're like, wait a second. There. At, at the time there was no, what we call like client side security or client side, like integrity checking. Like the game files I had on my machine were unique to me.


You know, like you would download them from, You know, the author at this time we were actually installing it from CD drives and you just, You know, expect it to not mess with that. But nobody's stopping you. You go and mess with the, the player models for instance. And you can like add a really large cross that goes like 10 feet above below in all sides of this per this person, right? So you can see 'em running around a corner. 'cause You know, this, this post is sticking out them and you see 'em coming from the corner. They don't know that. But You know, it was a good, good approach or a lot of dark spaces, right? You can't really see people in the dark. You're like, cool, I'm gonna add a fluorescent color to their skin. And there they are, they're glowing in the dark, right?


See through walls, right? Like, you've got these textures that would go on the walls and You know, they're opaque, but You know, don't have to be, you just set them to transparent and suddenly you're seeing through the walls. And You know, that type of stuff was, I had more fun like figuring out how to do it than actually doing it. But that kind of just opened the door of like, there's rules and there's expectations, but there's also not many people checking. Like best way to kind of, God, I don I don't wanna get like philosophy get, get in a philosophy here. But there's this kind of beautiful, I think it's Jacque er who defines like police politics, right?


As like, you got, you got a road, right? And it's painted, there's lines and everybody just obeys those, right? And he connects that back with politics of like, oh, you're told to vote and do all these things. It's like, okay, but like, what if if you don't follow the paint on the road, what if you go off the road, if you get really close to the edge, and most people are, they see those lines they're gonna get right in the center of the road. 'cause that's what you're supposed to do. It's like, what happens if you don't? That's, that's interesting to me. That's where weird things start to show up. Like unintended designs, unintended powers and capabilities. Just unintended failures, unexpected failures.


It's, it's really fascinating to play with that play on the edges, see how close you can get. And I guess now that you make me kinda say this, that's probably a good descriptor for how I think about a lot of things like art. Everything across the board is find, find, find the boundaries and what happens if you go on either side of it. Interesting, interesting. Did were you, did you get involved in any of these like hacking type communities? Oh yeah. So yeah. So like early, late, late nineties more, more early 2000. There's a lot of online communities. Some are big. I mean, I think the, the really big ones you would know of that most people know of rather like four chan and like something awful, right?


Big places that had like the bigger names at the time. But there were also much smaller, like specific topics. Water cooling, right? There was a water cooling, there was a bunch of them. But You know, there would be water cooling communities where people just share their techniques and stuff so they could all just improve upon it. And yeah, there were also, You know, hacking themed ones. So Bryce and Digital Gangster was one of those. He was that, that is one of the several communities I I have, You know, known him from. And yeah, there's, this was also at the time where online space and you meet space were very separate, right?


Like, like online dating for instance. That was like, what now? It's like all the, that's all the kids do these days. It's, it's a really weird, but I met my wife from one of those online communities. But eventually those, those worlds start to blend together. When you spend more time in there and you're spending most of your time in there and just talking to these people eventually. I mean, depends on the community. Maybe not so much like digital gangster where it's like just raw crime happening is maybe not the best, best idea to meet up for many reasons. But, You know, certain lesser criminal communities Yeah.


Meet up with people and those worlds start to blur together and it's a little bit different than the, You know, 2024 is where it's just everything is just mixed Together now. Yeah. Yeah. How'd you meet your wife? Yeah, I mean, so we posted on some of one of the, the communities out there. I think It was like from hardware overclocking. I, yeah, I can't remember exactly what it was, but we, I moved out to California that, that's its own story we can go into. But when I moved out, I think It was like the first week of just like, hey, anybody in this community, You know, like around want to hang out, show me around town. She was one of those people who was like, yeah.


And yeah, it just kinda grew from there. Is She a hacker too? Not a hacker per se. Gamer photography, art. Cool. Yeah. How long have you guys been married? Sorry to put you on the spot with That one. I, what year is it anymore? I think 10, 14 years. It was two thousand nine, 15 years. 2009, 14. Yeah. So almost 15. 15 years. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah, I mean, I've known her since 2004. So What's the, what do you think the secret to a successful marriage is? Oh my God.


Bet you weren't expected that one. No, I was not expecting that one. I'm gonna have to think about that one. Man. I don't know, man. Just, I guess I can connect this back with everything is just kind of understanding. I mean, humans are a mystery to me, but at the same time there's so much complexity And it creates, it's like a, everybody's different. Like everybody wants to put everybody into a bucket. Like there's, there's us and there's the other, but like, dude, humans are messy and complicated and unique and understanding that helps a lot with everything. Whether it's being in a marriage or attacking somebody to get into a company.


It's like the same thing, right? Like understanding, but, You know, very different motives and goals behind that. One is just truly understanding the person and, you know, working with them and, You know, the other is kind of the inverse of that. Right on. Right on. Let's talk about, You know, some of the stuff that you did. Did you, what are some of the big hacks? Were you involved in any big hacks? Not, not like hands-on keeper. I, I like to watch those. I, so for most, most of my time, like any of that had the hacking stuff, that was me. I, I kind of viewed it as like entertainment.


Like, it wasn't like power money or anything like that for me. It was just like, let's just have some fun, right? Yeah. You can mess around. Like, I, I would do stuff in like some of the communities as well. Like, I knew the people who would run the servers so, you know, didn't mess around in there and like, what Kind of stuff? I mean, okay, for, for instance, this, I gotta remember all the complexities here, but they, this community was like very liberal with like temporary bands and stuff like that. You know, I got myself banned and I'm like, get around that, right? And then they could not get me banned in this, in this environment.


'cause they, they had some add-ons that they were using for this, this be bulletin. I think It was people that might've been PHPB, B-P-H-P-B. Anyway, one of the large platforms at the time just had a lot of plugins that just gave me raw right. Access to the database effectively. And, you know, I could post through that and you know, they, they had a lot of fun chasing me down in that situation. I'm just like, how are you still here? So very, You know, lighthearted, lighthearted in that instance, You know, they, they were, they were more interested in how it was done than like, oh, you're, you're breaking into my stuff. So yeah, Right on Friday, well, let's move into, is there, I don't know, you know, a whole lot about hacking, so.


Yeah, yeah. You know, I would, I would love for you to expound on, You know, how you got into it or not how you got into it, but Yeah. But some of the things that you just found fascinating that, that, that kept you going all the way up until building your own Hardware. Yeah, definitely. And actually, You know, going back into the, the youth for a little bit, something probably important. I had a phase where I was really into magic, right? Slight, a hand deception, that type of stuff. I think that was middle school, right? Actually got my first taste of authority not being super ideal for me, brought in a fake cigarette to middle school, right? And it's the, the peak of the dare dare situation, right?


Looked perfect, looked like it was actively lit and you blow on it. And like, you know, talc, I think powder came out, but it looked like smoke that got confiscated. We got friend and I got pulled down to the principal's office. I don't know, I think I got suspended for not taking the situation seriously enough. I'm like, how you can take this seriously? Like it was fake cigarette. But I think my friend pointed out, oh yeah, that's right. They brought on the, the cops to test it because some of the tele powder came out and they're like, that might be cocaine. And my, my friend made probably an unhelpful comment of like, that's not even how you would smoke cocaine. I'm like, fuck.


But yeah, anyway, slight of hand, You know, that gets into like deception and the human aspect, which is often forgotten a lot in, in hacking. People are like, oh yeah, it's just knowing computers really well, definitely a huge piece. But like, it's people as well that have to be kind of like manipulated. You gotta understand them. You gotta convince them to do things, which is the most common way of getting into so many systems. You say, Hey, like I'm from your IT department, let me in. And you gotta know how to make that sound legit. You. And You know, if somebody's like, I don't know, and like, okay, let's do some urgency to like, make them kind of panic a little bit where their decision making goes down and they're panicking and they're like, oh, I just gotta do the thing.


Or, You know, I might get fired. This bad thing's gonna happen. Or, You know, there's, there's so many different like, psychological triggers that come into play and create this misdirection. Interesting. And you're like, oh, it's, it's, it's like slight a hand for, You know, psychology, right? So you, you push people into different directions and you get them to, you know, reveal their password or run an application on their computer that just gives you access to everything. And that overlaps with the technical and the hardware and all these other things. And just I guess being a generalist, now that you make me think about it, it just allows you to kind of glue all of those things together. And I guess, yeah, at, at the time before I officially got into like paid security, I was thought that was a weakness of like, oh, I've never specialized in anything.


I just, like, I couldn't possibly keep up with the people who did specialize. And I mean, that is true. There's like, every person I work with that specializes, they go so far into just absolute wizardry that amazes me. And I could never keep up and, 'cause I just cannot sit down and focus and be like, I'm gonna do this thing and that's all I'm gonna do. Mmhmmm. Like, I get 80% of there and I want to go play with another thing. But yeah. Yeah, it makes sense. It worked out. It's great for the entrepreneur type perspective as well. Where you gonna took all the things, keeps you busy, right? Yeah, yeah. Well, Mike, let's take a quick break. Yeah. And when we come back, I want to get into some of the hardware that, that you that you've made And Yeah, absolutely.


And, and how that happened and who's using it, what governments, all that kind of good stuff. See what I can


say. It's a new year and if you need to hire for your business and want an easier way to find qualified candidates, head to ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/ss. ZipRecruiter is the top rated hiring site according to G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter's smart technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste your time or money. You can invite top candidates for your job to apply and even encourage them to apply sooner. Here's who a new year of hiring made easier with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/ss. That's Ziprecruiter.com/srs. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


This episode is brought to you by nerds. Gummy clusters, the sweet treat that always elevates the vibe with a sweet gummy surrounded with tangy, crunchy nerds. Every bite of nerds, gummy clusters brings you a whole new world of flavor. Whether it's game night on the way to a concert or kicking back with your crew. Unleash your senses with nerds, gummy clusters.


Alright, Mike, we're back from the break. I missed a couple of things in our outline here, so I'm gonna have you pick it up with where we was gonna start with 2,600, whatever the hell that means. Oh yeah, yeah. So all the, the security stuff I was doing, the times I was, You know, doing help desk with stuff like that. Security for the most part, anything security connected was a hobby. So, You know, even even the over clocking and water cooling, I was hobby too. But yeah, 2,600 is, you know, kind a hacker, zine. I think they're quarterly, just lots of people writing in to show, You know, tricks they've done, whether it's with payphone, You know, freaking phone, freaking Wait, So what is 2,600?


It's a, a hacker zine, basically you can, you can go like a magazine. Yeah, like a little magazine. You can, you can go to like Barnes and Nobles and get it. Okay. So yeah. Wait, so what is it? Is it a book? It's just, I think it's quarterly where they will just publish a new set of like little like kind of articles written by different people. Okay. That talk about how to hack something, how they hack something. Just cheats on systems. Just sometimes politics, just, You know, hacker minded stuff. Right. Gotcha. It's pretty cool. But that was also when I first got into that, You know, phone freaking and stuff was more popular then as well. What is that? Yeah, so that's, that's hacking with phones basically. So this goes back way, way long ago.


God, I think the guy's name was Joy Bubbles actually. Deaf guy or sorry, not deaf. That wouldn't make any sense. Blind. And he noticed that there were like tones on a phone when, You know, connecting to overseas and stuff like this is way back when, You know, you just, you had, you had to pay long distance and stuff like that, right? Yeah. Phone calls cost a lot of money, but he noticed they made like certain tones and stuff. So he, he had perfect pitch and he would just whistle them back and he noticed like the phone network would do stuff when you did that. So yeah, there's what we call in-band signaling when you can hear the signal the other end, You know, there, there's the, like the switch panel, the phone networks hear these tones and it's like, You know, when you, you push numbers on the keypad and they make a tone, right?


Yeah. If you do it in a certain sequence, You know, it's like, oh, it, here's that. There's other tones that the keypad doesn't make that tell it to do other things. It's where the 2,600 comes from, actually 2,600 hertz. I can't remember what that does at the moment, but it, it, it would allow certain administrative type functions and it's like routing around like, oh, you paid and now you can grow long distance or something like that. Right. No shit. So hold on, hold on. He didn't hold. So the, so it actually has nothing to do with the keys that you're pushing it, it has to do with the tone that they're programmed to make? Yeah, I mean, at least at the time things have changed since then, but yeah, it was just the tones, you could literally whistle those tones or, or whatever.


So blue boxing was the other thing. It's called, there's, there's many boxes, many colors, but blue boxing just replicated that you could literally quickly dial a number or whatever you wanna do, do the administrative codes, play it right into the mouthpiece And it would dial and do all these things. Holy Shit, I had no idea, Believe it or not, that's how Apple started was and Jobs made some of their first money selling blue boxes. And what Is a blue Box? So it's, it's the device that would allow you to more or less get free phone calls in the age of, you know, having to pay for long distance and stuff. Like go to a payphone, just pull out your blue box, hold it up to the mouthpiece, press some buttons, make it do what you want, call whoever you want it.


It was illegal at the time. I, what was the, there was a magazine it got into by a guy named Captain Crunch at the time he got that name because there was a whistle inside of the Captain Crunch cereal that just happened to make that 2,600 tone when you blow it. So he didn't have perch perfect pitch like Joy Bubbles did, but he had the whistle, so you just blow a blow that on the phone. Then you open up certain access with Cracker Jack, or not Cracker Jack, but a Cap crunch style toy, which is really cool. But yeah, you can electronically reproduce those sounds and that's what they were doing with the, the blue box And it was like red boxes and Rainbow Box.


There was so many different boxes that would do different things that people would figure out and they would share that with each other. And it was technically criminal, but a lot of people did it at the time and yeah, it's w and Jobs, so took that money and started Apple with it, so No kidding. Yeah, it's pretty cool. I had no idea. Very cool. And WWI, I, I would love to meet that guy one time, but he's a, a great example of like the, the old school hacker that was way more about like mischief and just figuring out how things work and not necessarily anything criminal. So interesting. Great, great example. Interesting. So you were working at this, at this magazine? Yeah, No, So I wasn't working there, I was just enjoying it and there were a lot of, lot of uni, different cities would have like meetups, like, hey, 2,600 meetup and you go and, You know, meet people that are into that stuff and really tiny where I was from, so it didn't really go anywhere, But that, that was cool.


It would get you into just more like, hey, here's other ways of hacking that you didn't know about and just gets you to think like, wait, if I can do that, if they did that, what, what else can you do? Like, let's, let's play like, it's just, it's all about exploration, experimentation, like what it is this frontier too. Like there's just unexplored space, like what, what else can you do? And yeah, I mean, outside of 2,600 there's like, there's all the tools that people knew of the early online days, like sub seven or net bus, what's that? Kind of kinda like a, a software Trojan more or less. Basically you get somebody to run it or you run it on their computer And it gives you a remote access, right?


You can fully control those machines over the internet. Right. Open up their, the CD trays, close it up. Just all kinds of wonky stuff that could be for pranks or it could be criminal God. Okay. There reminds me of one of the ways we used it. So again, we, I was way more about just pranking and having fun. My friend in high school, her name was Heather, she was really into like, just spiritual stuff and like, You know, she thought like spirits were in her house and stuff like that.


It, she, it was a face, right? But a friend and I had that running on our computer and you could play noises at the middle of the night and shit and just like, it was terrible. It was so bad. And You know, the CD dries would open just like, you know, it, it, it, she was terrified at the time, but later on thought it was funny. But yeah, for an example, right, like you, you can just have fun. You can play with people, you don't, you don't have to actually straight up to crime. Crime. Crime does occasionally pay though, so pay, some people would get into that. How would they use it for criminal? Yeah. God, this goes way back we're, I mean we're talking like 20 or 25 years ago, so I'm not a hundred percent remembering this, but it would've been you, you can do like file system modification, stuff like that.


So you can get access to cookies, You know, that'll contain like login information. You can just, You know, gotcha. Getting into people's accounts, send mail as them and like, so You know, spamming was a huge thing back then. I mean this, this where Bryce has gotten a lot of reputation from, from those early days spamming, my, my friend at the time paid for his first computer by spamming for a porn company actually, which is funny because he is had cashing a check, sizable check for a porn company and he's like, I don't know, he was probably like 14 or something at the time getting like weird eyes from the bank. It's like, so yeah that happened, but what else?


Yeah, I mean did you ever do any, did you ever do anything illegal that's passed the statute of limitations that, that you can share? So a common misunderstanding about the statute of limitations is, it's not just about the time in which has passed since you committed the crime, depends on the crime, but many times the clock starts from discovery. Interesting. The common mis mis mis misconception that is good for a lot of hackers to realize, but I mean I'm sure so the Cfaa Computer Fraud and Abuse act, literally any access to any electronic interface that is not explicitly allowed, that's a federal crime.


Hmm. So literally what I described, You know, getting onto my friend's computer that that's a federal crime even though they're cool with it and all this stuff it, yeah, gotcha. So literally any of those things can be heavily punished. Gotcha. So yeah, it's, it's tricky but well let's get into your first job. Yeah, so first job it again like security was not really a huge thing for the most part. All that was side stuff. But You know, you still have to be conscious of, you know, secure design. My coworker was kind of my mentor at the time. He, he was ex DOD ex Navy had had a lot of fun stories but also got me more into security.


We actually did our first security presentation for the company, kind of using some classics here. So the movie sneakers, a lot of amazing movie still holds up today. If you haven't seen it, go watch sneakers, it's awesome. But they did a lot of like physical security stuff like, You know, if the doors got the hinges on the inside, you can kick it open, it's on the outside, You know, then you gotta do something different. But what else? There's like the social engineering aspect where they wanted to get through like a front lobby attendant who had to like buzz 'em in. So they had someone else come in with like, oh I think It was like a delivery, like just creating a lot of stress. So one guy's like, yo, I got this delivery.


Other guy's like, Hey, I got my cake and my balloons, can you just ring me up? And it just goes and escalates until he is like, ah, it just pushes the button and gets in. Right. Of course, You know, he didn't have a cake or anything like that. The balloons were to cover the camera and the cake was, I think It was like a briefcase of some hardware that he had to like infiltrate into the company that would go attack things. Right? Great demo. We use that like, hey, here's some physical security things. Get you, get you to think about it and catch me if you can. Another thing where it's, You know, social engineering was used and believe it or not, that movie based on Frank Abignail, most of the stuff he said is actually made up. It was like the con on the con.


But anyway, yeah that was kind of a, a classic thing that still a lot of security presentations today will still use those. Anyway, long story short kind of got me into the idea of educating on security instead of just playing and having fun and just the entertainment fellow's like, oh you gotta actually teach people and like, you know, there's a responsibility here of like teach people how to not fall victim. Also did some like live password cracking. Like back in the day people were using real terrible passwords. So I just adding some extra characters and stuff, we were able to, You know, do a password, password cracking just in the middle of this, this presentation of like, hey, this password you can get in 15 seconds, this one's gonna take us 10 hours.


In reality, that's How do you begin to crack a password Basically. I mean there's a lot of different ways. The way we were doing it was just brute forcing and being able to have the ability to just retry like word sets, like common password sets. You can just get those, there's, there's a lot of pass password lists, what we call them that will, when you're gonna brute force and you just wanna try 'em, well like, hey, we know these are the common passwords, we know these are passwords from leaked breaches. Shove 'em all together. Good chance somebody's reusing that somewhere. Good approach there. Cryptography and stuff. But Do You use the password manager? Oh yeah, definitely. Highly recommended. Which one? Pa one password's pretty good.


There's, there's different ones depending on what you need Just Keeper any good. I haven't looked too heavily into that one. Okay. I know, I know somebody who's very into like that, that space that speaks fairly highly of one password, but it's been a while So I wouldn't wanna be like, yeah this is, this is the one. 'cause that space is always changing, but What constitutes a good password? One that you don't know. So a password manager. Exactly. So if you don't know your password, it should be unique per site and as long as hell. And that means you're, you're gonna have to use your password manager to autofill that or You know, copy, whatever, however you're gonna do it. You're gonna need the password manager to feed that back and log into the site.


That combined with proper two factor, it's gonna secure so much when it comes to you being compromised by social engineering and phishing. Okay, that's good to know. Yep. Let's move on. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, after that job, I was kinda bored of Wisconsin. And my friend at the time, the, the one who made the money spamming, he moved out to San Francisco a year earlier and worked for a company called Long. Now they're the ones doing the 10,000 year clock that a lot of people are associated with. I think Bezos is on there, but Stewart Brand, hold On.


What's the 10,000 year clock? Yeah. So it's this idea. I don't, I don't think they built it yet, but still working on it. But the idea is that they're, they're gonna put a clock, like an analog clock in a mountain that stays accurate for 10,000 years. It's, it's get, it's really to get people to think really long term. And what do you mean? Just like, who, who's really, You know, it, it's hard for people to think more like, like even like one election out of consequences, right? Yeah. Like four years, 10 years maybe. I think as far as your kids, okay, cool. Well, how about a thousand years? How about 10,000 years? Like, that just changes how you think about the future and what you do, what matters, what doesn't.


And it, it's, it's, it's kind of, it's almost like a, a thinking prompt for people. It's like nobody does it, like start doing it. This was also, I think It was formed shortly after the Y 2K bug, which was hilarious because, You know, computers started a, a lot of the systems at the time were kind of birthed in the seventies and You know, they had two digits for the year, right? Like the last two, so, You know, 78, 79, You know, eventually what happens when you get to 99 And it rolls over to zero Zero. Yeah. Is that 19 hundreds? Is that 2000? Oh no. Neither did the computers. Right. But people were only thinking, You know, a couple decades. That's enough. Somebody's gonna rewrite my software. No, it's not.


No, we're still using that software today. So that's where the Y 2K bug came from. And it's like, cool. You needed at least think, you know, a thousand years scale so you can have four digits of space for your years. That was, that was the entire Y 2K bug. But I believe the, that was kind of around the same time that Okay, a thousand years, what about 10,000 is probably where that came from. So, hold on. They, they wanna make a clock. Yeah. That's accurate for 10,000 years and put it, put it in a mountain. Yes. Basically, the mountain, I think is to keep it safe. They have to like, keeping time for that period of time. Like you, you can't use any other timekeeping system.


Like, You know, atomic clocks and stuff like that aren't accurate over that time span. So you have to account for like orbit variation shift in the poles of the earth and all of these other things. Like they have a whole cam system that readjusts the calibration of where that clock will be in X years. Interesting. Over that span. It's, it's absolutely crazy to like engineer with that in mind. It's like, yeah, no, you, you don't, nobody thinks about like orbit variants over time of the earth or the poles shifting for the clocks they use. Like it is just not a factor. But what if, what if you had to?


I think it's really cool, but interesting. Yeah. So yeah, my buddy got a job just doing system and for them and web development and he's like, Hey, if you want like a few weeks on my couch, go for it. I'm like, You know what, I'm am gonna take you up on that. I'm gonna use that to just move out there. I had no plan. I was just like, I brought through no plan, no plan. I'm just like, I'm just gonna do it and figure it out. Which I guess is a very red team approach too. And it's like, you, you, you, you can't plan anything. You're just gonna move and figure out what's in your bag of tricks as you go and work around the problems. But yeah, I'm like, I'm gonna bring three suitcases. I prioritized. One of them was like my gaming system.


Like I, a whole suitcase was dedicated to just a, a computer. Like, I don't know what I was thinking. But yeah, that was one 30% of my luggage when I moved out. Stayed outta this cash for a bit, got some random odd jobs doing like audio QA testing and stuff like that just to, to make it. And eventually got into the game industry doing, said man it help desk stuff. And it just kind of grew from there. And You know, I stayed there for like, I don't know, 15 years in the game industry. But on the side, being in San Francisco gave me a lot of unique perspective. So first of all, Stewart Brand is kind of the guy that was running this show over at long now.


Stewart Brand is one of the original people on like the, the hippie bus with like Timothy Leary and all this other stuff, right? They're doing running, going around the country, doing the acid tests and stuff like that. But lots of just divergent thinking coming from that. And that was interesting just to kind of see like, I didn't get that in Wisconsin. This is also kind of where like, You know, the PC revolution came from that type of people, right? We're just diversion thinking, what can we do? What mischief can be made? All, all this, this stuff, the maker space maker fair was out there as well. So this is just, this is more like hands-on hardware hacking, not like security hacking, just like hobbyist hacking like 3D printers.


Let's just build some stuff. The kind of stuff you'd find at like Burning Man, right? Like the arts where you start mixing all these things together that open my eyes to just like different, different focuses and aesthetics. There's really good point to kind of devi deviate here. Something called beam bots. Actually, I'm gonna pull up this laptop here to show you a picture. 'cause it makes way more sense when you see it. Beam bots. Yes. You're like, what? So bean bots, BEAM, biology, electronics, aesthetics, mechanics.


It's just a kind of a design philosophy around building little robots. So I just kind of had to show it. 'cause it, I don't know, you're probably picking up a little bit of an insect vibe from this, I would assume, right? So It does a, a couple things. First of all, there's no PCB on here. It's just freeform soldering and all of these components, there's nothing extra for the aesthetics. It's, it's all functional. So on the back you've got a solar panel soaking up energy, this like thorax here. That's, that's holding the charge from it. And then these, this is really cool. These are LEDs, but LEDs, when you shine light on them actually emit a little bit of energy on the lines.


Like a reverse solar panel, right? They're, they're inefficient solar panel, but you can literally use them as eyes for this. So depending on what direction it's facing, it's gonna, one, one eye is gonna see more light than the other. That's where the light source is coming from. And there's a really tiny brain in the middle. It's literally four logic gates, which is tiny. Like your, your phone has millions of logic gates in it, right? Like a calculator. My cable has hundreds of thousands of logic gates. This thing, it's got four. Okay, what is the logic? What do call it a logic? Logic Gate logic. So basically all, all computing comes down to the concept of binary on or off.


Like think of it like a light switch, right? It's on or off. You can do math with that. Let's go through it real quick. Actually. Let's, we got three light switches, right? Yeah. Gotta think of which direction we're going here. So we got one on two off that, that can give us a one. Turn 'em all off. That's a zero, right? Easy. Now we, we put two in the picture. You turn two on, you basically double double the last one. So if two are on, that's gonna be three. Basically the first switch is the value of one or zero.


The next one is two or zero. And then the next one will be four or zero. Next one is eight or zero. And that's binary math, right? Okay. And all decision making can kind of be based on this. So in this sense, it's very analog. But basically this will eventually fill up and have enough energy charged that these four logic gates are suddenly making a decision like this side's filled, which eye is sensing the most light. And at that point it's gonna fire the opposing leg with all the energy that's gotten here to steer towards that. So you have this little bug looking thing that walks right And it just constantly steers towards the light source.


And to me, I thought that was really cool. 'cause a focuses on aesthetics, which is not super common. And B, it uses really cool hardware hacks, like I said with the, the lights here that normally it's for emitting light. But no, you can, you can reverse that and use it in an unintended way and you can use really minimal logic to do what you want. And You know, I've applied some of that to my cables as well. Not this specifically, just the, the mindset of like, you, you don't need 10 things in this cable. You can strip it down to one if you're really creative. Wow. And that's how you, that's how you shrink things. So that's, that's kinda where that connects with, You know, like, hey, let's fake, let, let's focus on aesthetics, but also minimizing and just using things in unintended ways to get more out of it.


So that, that was kind of a, a, a good point in which it kinda just opened my eyes to also, You know, soldering and electronics, but also the art of it and, and all that. So yeah, bean bots, that was, that was a, a good pausing point for my many hobbies that I would pick up over time that eventually led into what would become the O MG Cable. I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the Bubs and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us.


And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter and the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CIA targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing.


And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all thanks terrorists. How terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments.


We'll see you in the newsletter. Let's move into defense Distributed. Yeah, so I think this is about 2013. So first defense distributed, it's the, the company behind the liberator, which is a 3D printed gun and also the Ghost gunner, which is a mill desktop mill that you can mill out a lower receiver ar 15 platforms was the first commonly You're The one that did that? I did not, no. So I got very interested in that. That was, it was done by Cody Wilson. He, so let's, let's crack that whole, whole topic open up a little bit more.


So I think It was 2013, there was a lot of experimentation in like the 3D printing space with like firearms, right? Cody introduced it to the world. He ba he basically inflicted this idea upon like the public psyche in like this amazing way that just caught my attention in, in a couple ways. First, it's this approach of like, hey, we're gonna give this to the world in a way that is irrevocable. Like going back to that, like the police politics concept I was mentioning. It's just like, okay, what if you create something like there's voting and opinion having, but you create something to put in the world that nothing can change that at that point I just thought that was just amazing from like the political standpoint, regardless of what topic or what, what opinion you may or may not have on firearms, the politics of it and the power of creation was amazing to me.


And he did it with like a, a level of like art and bravado that was just like perfect for the delivery of this. And so What fasten, so what you're saying is, is bringing something to the, to the world that cannot be taken back like Bitcoin. Yeah. A great, another great example of like, no opinion on that is going to change its existence. It exists. And like what if you're thinking about like real politics and participating, like creation is one of the most powerful things you can do that. And that's what I kind of learned from watching that. But I, yeah, I decided like, hey, I want to know, you know, more what they're doing.


And I, I've, I've helped out with, You know, security and, You know, just computer stuff in general. Use, use what I had. Like, Hey, can I help to a lot of different places, whether it's like nine-ish nails, communities, just to get more insight on like how the artistic process works there. Or in the case of Cody, just helping out with the security of that just to kind of, You know, see, see how they work, You know, a bunch of anarchists getting together, building a company, and just, just, just the whole like, fight that they were in. It was very fascinating to me just to observe that. And that kinda stuck with me both the creation, the power of creation and the artistic approach they took to it.


That, that was one of the things I kind of had in mind when I first created the, the O MG Cable. It's like, hey, at the time I thought I was just gonna open source this thing and put it out there. That ended up not making sense because it was really hard to make. You can't just DIY it, but yeah, it, it, it was one of the motivators in my head at the time when I was first kind of putting it out into the world. So yeah, one of the many things is just like, hey, this is a fixation. I want to know more and I'm just gonna focus on it for a while. So yeah, they're they're still doing their thing still. So what did you do there? I just helped out with some security stuff. Like I didn't, I didn't have security stuff network And it, I mean, e every, every company has gotta have that, right?


So I'm like, Hey, You know, you're probably a small shop, probably don't have the level of security, You know, understanding and four year systems, but I don't know, maybe I can help. So it just helped out And it allowed me to get more insight in how they run things and just, just, just more exposure to like how, how the artist works, right? Because that, that allows me to just kind of figure out, there's, there's a lot of things I would experiment with, but I never found like my medium, right? Like as an artist, right. You know, like I, you know, I've got into music, You know, I'm not not that great with music. You know, visual arts not that great with that.


I Mean, 3D printing's everywhere now. Yeah. You know? And so you were at the forefront of this. You were on the, I mean, I I, So I wasn't doing anything besides like the security for them, it's just, just kind of, even, even if I didn't do any work for them, just that, Just being a small part of it. Yeah, exactly. But even just seeing it happen would've been enough for me to kind of kickstart some things. It's, it's another thing. How did that come across your radar? I mean, it was everywhere at the time. It was like in Wired and all these other places. Okay. Like 3D print a gun, you know, firing, like it's, everyone can print a gun now, like regardless of laws. And that's, You know, that that was kind of the, the message going around in the press.


It, this was also kind of a, another pivotal time when the NSA ant catalog. So Snowden happened around the same time. This is often incorrectly misattributed to him, but there were a lot of leaks that happened around that time, both with and without Snowden. That kind of opened my eyes to the level of games and just technology happening in computing. Yeah. I mean, I already knew a decent amount of it, but the Ampt catalog man that, that had, it was just like, You know, when you're growing up and there's like the spy tools in the back of the magazine, You know, and disappearing ink and all, You know, all those things.


This was like that on crack, dude. It was like they, they had a malicious cable in there, this ca when was it? It was leaked in 2013. The catalog was dated 2008 and they were announcing in 2009 they would have these cotton mouth cables available for, you know, purchase to their ecosystem of, You know, whoever they sell to in, in the NSA, the price on those, I think It was a minimum order quantity of 50 with a $20,000 per cable price tag.


It's like, oh wow. Amazing. But, You know, it had all these electronics inside a radio inside and that, that was cool. And actually, yeah, pull this up again. So, cotton mouth, that's this, this is the page outta the catalog where it shows it's really chunky cable, like really, really thick hood. But they, they sandwich a whole bunch of different PCBs in inside of this thing. And you know, that stuck in my head, obviously it, So what does that do?


They weren't super specific about the exact capabilities, but you know, it had a, a radio, it had some ability to manipulate USBI, I mean I wouldn based on all of my reading in here, it's the, the latest generation O MG Cable is basically a dead match to its capabilities from what can be deciphered from this page. So all the way down to like covert exfiltration and stuff like that. What were they using it for? That's a good question. What's the thing? What does the sheet say? It doesn't, it just, it just, it's more of a capabilities thing, like getting through and breaking security effectively.


So I, I mean, I would imagine this gets implanted into spaces that are higher security. Like, You know, if you can't just walk in and do stuff or if you can't do the easy things, you're gonna start having to use these types of tools to get into a place, have somebody plant a cable and then you've got remote access. They, they, there were a lot of other tools in this space, like implanted video cables that you would implant on a monitor so you could remotely read what's being displayed on the monitor. Lots of cool tricks like that. Some, some were long range, some were short range, but all kinds of crazy spy gear that would allow impressive capabilities that very few people in the private civilian space even considered defending against.


Interesting. Yeah. So what is the ANT catalog? Yeah, I forget the ex if, if there was ever a mention of what ANT stands for, but it was just this Lee catalog with all of the different, it was a leaked catalog. Yeah. Somebody leaked it. It's a lot of people say it was from Snowden, but like if you actually trace it back, it wasn't, it was never at, at least attributed to Snowden. Yeah. That just came out and you get to look at the amazing spy gear that is out there. What's some other stuff that caught your eye? Definitely those, those video cables. I'm trying to remember all the different things. If you, we can pull it up actually, but yeah, you, you wanna pull it up right now?


I can pull it up on the internet. Pull it up. Sweet. Alright, cool. So yeah, let's go through just a few of the pages of the man catalog. I haven't done this in a while, so Right on Little rusty, but yeah, so let's look at just the hardware stuff we got. Let's see, what is this? This is a short to medium range implant for our f transceiver. It was, this is a component that has RF to one of the other pieces they have in here, which they call a digital core to, to provide a complete implant. So it's kind of like a customizable build your own, what kind of implant do you need? They put this into various pieces of hardware.


There's actually, I think it's over here. Here's kind of a, another implant. They call this thief Lux rabbit. It's a hardware implant designed specifically for Dell PowerEdge servers. Like a specific one hooks to, it's called a JT debugging interface. Basically a, a lot of hardware has like a debugging interface. If you get access to that electrically, you can do a whole bunch of stuff. You can implant things at a really low level on that machine that gives you all kinds of access, right? Hmm. Gives you lots of data. So if you've got a dev, an implant that goes into there and hooks up to it, you've got like permanent access similar to the, like I was describing with the USP cable with that, that covert exfiltration mechanism.


But this is baked into the machine. So I would imagine the way this happens is during mailing interdiction. So You know, Dell ships a server over to the customer, right? And our government knows this is happening. They grab it in the mail, crack it open, put one of these inside, close it back up, send it off to the intended target, and now they've got long-term access inside there. Even if they wipe everything like down to the hard drives, put new hard drives in, you can still get right back in. They would have to crack everything open and look at all the hardware to find this type of stuff. Really cool, really cool types of hint implants. Wow. And there's no way to know that.


I mean, there, there are way hard Yeah. You had to know what you're looking for basically. Do you worry about that stuff at all? I mean, it depends like, I I, me personally, no, I know the types of targets that this is destined for and I like, You know, I I I'm not one of those targets. What kind of targets is that destined? I mean, Well, I mean the, the Israeli pager situation, great example of like, do I worry about my pager exploding? Like I, I'm not Hezbollah, So I, no, I'm not worried. Just for example, just to put a very pointed like answer to a very current topic.


For instance, right now there are certainly lots of gray area. We've seen lots of gray area where it's like, wait, you're doing surveillance on US citizens? And like that generally isn't happening like with hardware implants and stuff like that. That's access to telcos, internet providers, and yeah, that's, IIO operate very openly. So it's not, You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a little less concerned, but I, it's more of a political and philosophical, like, You know, when nobody's got privacy, it changes society in ways that aren't very good. That's where I'm more worried. How often do you think the US was used on this?


On its own citizens? I mean this specifically like I would suspect this Or these types of things. Well, hardware, implants, let's go with hardware. I, I don't know how often hardware implants would be used. That tends to be super targeted. Like, and super targeted also, generally I would assume, I would hope means significant more legislative kind of not legislative legal oversight where, You know, you're getting the warrants and all these other things. Whereas these really wide net things, which hardware's much harder to make wide net wide nets where you can collect all the things because you've got access to telco, phone, internet type providers and you're just slurping everything up.


Yeah. Everybody would then be pulled into that. That's the kind of stuff that Snowden showed, right? That's a different story. That's, that's everybody's get pulled into that one way or the other type problems that occur. So I are, do you have to worry about people getting, You know, breaking into your network and just causing problems in your life? I don't that's a, that's a complicated topic. Like it's more privacy invasion at that point. And it's like, yeah, what are we worrying about? Are we worrying about our personal safety, our personal freedoms, society as a whole and the health of it if they, You know, in a free press like it is. Yeah, it's, it's a very large, complicated topic.


Do you think China's putting this stuff into the electronics that we're buying from them? I mean, not like in the sense of like consumer levels. I mean, it, it depends, right? Like Could it be accessed from that far away If they wanted to anyone, if anybody wanted to do that, yes. But the thing is, doing it to just like off the shelf consumer stuff is a lot harder to do in terms of hardware implants if you wanted to do it that way. That's where we get more into the software level, like software back doors, which we've seen in things like cryptography, right? You know, it's posited that a lot of crypto cryptography back doors were put in by cooperation with like the NSA for the example.


I'm a little rusty on this stuff, but basically that becomes very valuable when you're slurping up all the internet data. And a lot of that's encrypted. But if You know how to quickly break the encryption, You know, you can see the contents and that's where that comes in and yeah, it's, It's tricky. I mean, a lot of people say that that kind of hardware is installed into our power grid. Depends, I would say, well, God, I have forgotten. I think, I think China makes a lot of our like, power transceivers and stuff, but make a ton of it. I honestly, from what I've seen and the people I talk to that work in all this stuff, I don't think physical implants are quite needed.


Like it's, things are just not secure remotely. Like externally. Like, if you don't want to literally, I think It was yesterday, maybe, I don't know. It is something that news that has come o over the last few weeks where our own government is saying everyone, I, I think It was actually to their own government employees to use signal, use iMessage, use encrypted chat, do not use text messages because China has, they're just in all of the telco systems right now, which means they would be able to read the text messages, right? They didn't need hardware implants that I know of to do this. Maybe they did that to get in, but now they're in that system, right?


Like they're, I've, I mean, I've helped in environments that a foreign adversary had gotten into And it took a bunch of time to evict them and find where they are. I was done all remotely. Right? Like there's a lot of this stuff doesn't require like the James Bond type hardware to get in and Interesting. Yeah. That's, that's a tricky topic. Interesting. Do you worry about it? I mean, there's so many things to worry about though. Like, yes. Kind of. There's, once you've seen enough like horror shows though, you're like, whoa, wow. Everything's just broken.


And society as a whole, it's amazing that it operates just the levels of trust. Like one person is all, it takes enough well-placed like damage and whether it's security or just electrical power grids, all, all these things, there's all of it can just tip over, right? With just enough of a push and like everything's that way. It's not just security. Yeah. So, I don't know, I kind of just lump it all together of like, this is just a really good experiment for humanity. I mean, humans have been what on this planet for I don some say 300,000 years, right?


Like, we're living in the best time. There's like, I, I don't think there's a single person in life today who would be like, yeah, bring me back at random more than a hundred years ago. Sign me up. Like that's, that's, that's not a good, the odds are not good, right? Like, we're the most comfortable, we've been most well off on average across the earth in this last a hundred years. And You know, it's a good experiment and things are volatile. I mean that's kind of the consequence of freedom too, right? Like it's the people gotta gotta maintain it. What Text messaging app do you use? Do You use I like signal signal's.


Great. You know, there's a lot of rumors that the CIA created Signal. I'm sure they did. I mean, so the, I think they helped fund it actually, but they, they help fund a lot of things our government in many ways. But I mean, signal is an amazing tool if you're an agent as well. Like you're gonna be overseas in hostile environments and you need to communicate, how are you gonna do that securely? Are you gonna use a secure tool that stands out like a giant red flag because nobody else is using it? Probably not the greatest thing. It's like, hi, I'm an agent, I don't know what you're seeing, but there's an age right there, right? Like, I mean obviously there's answers to that and stuff, but it's, it's valuable as like, oh, that's just the tool everybody uses Signal.


Everybody's got that, right? Like that's, that's valuable. You know, obviously there's always trade offs, right? It's like it can be used for bad, it can be used for good and You know who's bad and who's good and whose perspectives. Yeah. Right? I mean, that's how we communicate via Signal. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Is That how you communicate with everybody? A lot of people, yeah. I mean I, I'll meet them where they're at, right? Gotcha. Like my manufacturers and stuff don't use Signal. They've got different governments over them and things like that that yeah, it's, it's interesting. So yeah, whatever, whatever you use, I'll, I'll meet you there. But contextual contextually it matters like, okay, I'm on this platform, which can be seen by these adversaries.


Cool. Noted. I'll make sure I keep that in mind. Which is kind of the, the, the whole point of like the psychology when You know you're being watched, changes how you behave in ways that can be negative. Like what's, You know, if you're always being watched by somebody, what, what does that make you? How does that make you behave so different? So yeah. Yeah. I mean there's, there's lots of other, other cool things in this catalog. Like, oh, reflectors. So th this is for picking up audio. This is standard audio bugs, right?


Like, You know, spying on what's happening in the room. What else? We got lots of cellular based stuff. Now this is, this is like 10 years old at this point. So a lot of this stuff is well known. Really tiny implant. So this is, this is like a, probably a VGA cable here for like an older monitor, which made more sense back in 2008. Really tiny implant into that cable tap to one of the color signals. And it would allow somebody to kind of energize it with like a radio pointed at it more or less.


And then receive the signal bouncing back with the, the video signal encoded in the bounce. Interesting. So then you'd be able to see what's on their screen. Wow. Really cool stuff. Right? So What do you think was in the spy balloon that was traversing the, I don't know. I, I haven't studied those well enough, but I mean there's a lot of amateurs that just do that. Like it's, they'll just set up a balloon and it's kinda like the, the ham radio space kind of in a way where they're just like, oh, You know, we can track it. And there it goes. It goes round And it, Lemme rephrase that question. What could have been, what could it have Been? I mean, I don't, I don't know man. There's that, that's probably outside of my skillset and awareness and research.


But I mean, it could be used like a balloon. I mean I'd probably probably be using a drone more. 'cause the problem with balloons that they're much more higher altitude, which causes problems for a lot of electronic circuitry. 'cause it gets really cold and stops functioning. Also, You know, you've got power that you gotta deal with. So best you can get is battery. That's not gonna, batteries also start to fail at that, that level of cold. Right? So you need special batteries, something to keep it warm, which means more energy. So you're getting in from solar power probably this is really low power stuff, right? Like, I don't know, I may maybe just the value of how does someone respond to putting something in their awareness.


Yeah. Which is absolutely a thing, right? How does someone respond? Which I don't know, it was similar to the drones that are popping up and I just like, I don't know where that's coming from. I Jersey had one recently, but there's lots of like drones in the sky. I'm like, I don't, I don't know what that is, but I would love to find out. And is it collecting data or is it just seeing how people respond to unknown unreported drones in the sky Yeah. For, You know, tactical knowledge in the future. Alright, Mike, let's get into some of the stuff that you make. I know you have exploding hard drives. You got the, the o MG Cable. You're, you're making all kinds of just crazy wazoo wizardry gadgets that I am just fascinated with.


And so where, where did this kind of start? Did it start with the exploding hard drive USB drives? Yeah, I mean, kind of like, I had always been tinkering with things like, like those beam bots, right? But yeah, so I think It was on Twitter or something. I saw just a picture of somebody with a USB drive. The shell was open and there's just like a firecracker sitting inside of it. No idea if it worked or not. But I'm just like, everybody has like the same visceral response to scene. And I was like, oh shit. Floating thumb drive. And I'm like, You know what would be cool as if it was worse. So USB rubber ducky, gotta explain what that is first for this to, to make sense.


My now business partner hack five kind of invented the USB rubber ducky, I don't know, like 15 years ago now, something like that. It does the same basic keystroke injection that I had demoed with the cable, right? Where you plug it in, it types something really fast. Whatever you want to control a computer or whatever you want, right? I wanted one of those that also exploded. So first thing I had to do is if you open up a rubber ducky, there's a, there's not much space in there. It's all electronics. I'm like, okay, how can I shrink this really tiny? So I have space for something that goes, boom. So I spent a lot of time playing with that right now.


I didn't recreate a rubber ducky. Exactly. Like it's a really, really limited version. Like a few hundred keystrokes really slow done, right? That's it. Really hard to use. But it, it was tiny and I shrunk It shrunk, it shrunk, it shrunk it. And it's just, I don't know, I think It was like eight by 10 millimeters when, when I was done like, like a pill basically that left the rest of the thumb drive empty that I could hook up with a little mini detonator and You know, some, maybe, maybe a firecracker or two and a bunch of confetti. And I rigged this up to a key store injection payload that opens a browser to animation of a jack in the box.


And he's cranking it right on the screen, except it goes for awkwardly long amount of time to build up tension. And it's going, it's going. And you're like, That's what shows up on the screen. Look it in. So you're watching that. And then my God pop the, the drive blows up, confetti goes everywhere. And I'm like, yeah, that was cool. I, I just viewed that as fun. Yeah. Another type of art or something like that. Put it out on the internet. And it was like, that's crazy. A lot of people ask me to sell that now. No, that's a terrible idea for so many reasons. Liability, et cetera. When you put something into the world that can be used negatively, it's always worth gaming out.


Like how, how bad can it go and can you prevent some of it? Which I've done a lot with the cable, but in this case it was just, You know, something I wanted to put out there. But now at that point I had a really tiny ducky right. That I could, well maybe I could put it in other things. And eventually I got the idea probably in like doing my IT job, looking on Amazon for spare parts for hardware and stuff. I noticed there were like USB cable repair ends and boots. I'm like, wait, what? You just get those, You know, at the time I didn't know much about manufacturing. Right. Got some of those and realized there was enough space in them for the cables and this really tiny, you know, fake ducky right?


Shove it in there. And I get the very first proof of concept of a malicious USB cable. Yeah. I put that out and You know, I already told the story about that one where, you know, it gets out there and a lot of people like it. And then a lot of people wanted it. I think almost a year goes by before I'm like, you know what? I could make that way better. Like that's, that was a toy. Like this is like a cool gimmick to show like a very basic prank, barely even worked for that. What do, what would a proper tool look like? And You know, I was getting way more into like the concept of I wanna do red teaming as well. So I'm combining those things and yeah, like, okay, well I need wifi, I need remote control to update payloads after it's already in play.


Because the idea is you can either deploy a cable, like physically get inside or you could just leave it in somebody's bag, leave it, just leave it around. And eventually, you know, people are gonna take a cable sometimes and they'll bring it in with them Yeah. To the secure space. Like, cool, I didn't have to even go in. Great. Which creates some interesting legal problems, which we can get into that I've also solved. But that, yeah, that kind of is just how it, it kept evolving and then at that point it's like, okay, this is a real tool. At the time I was thinking I should do this in a way that I just make it open source and everyone could make their own.


Are we still talking about the USB? Yeah. USB cable. Okay. And that's, I like, I I thought about that, right? Like I was prototyping this cable, this new one, like on, on a desktop mill for cutting PCBs, right? Like I was pushing the limits on this machine where you can mill A PCB. So the PCB actually I got a little problem with this. So A PCB, like here, here's, here's a complete product. This a raspberry pie, right? When I say PCB, I'm talking about just the green part here. Okay. That's just, it's basically a fiberglass and epoxy with a thin layer of copper on it that gets turned into traces And it connects all of these components.


These, like the black thing there that's a component and all, all the little things you see on there, there's soldered on it's components with copper traces connecting them together electrically. Right? Okay. So I used a mill to kind of cut out the, the copper traces and I would assemble in, You know, my, my garage. Lots of different test versions of what this cable could look like. And I got the idea, You know, kind of going back to the defense distributed concept where, oh, open source is this, people can make it on desktop mill, You know, go that direction. What I learned over the oh eight, 12 months of revising and revising is, it's really hard to do this.


Like DIY was just not in the cards. Yeah. Like nobody was gonna be able to do this. I'm like, okay, well let's throw out the DIYI can just turn up the complexity. There's PCBs with two layers like copper on each side, right? That's the common one. Those are, I can make those in my garage, but okay, what if I want eight layers or something like that, that like, that gets really expensive. We're talking every time I want to do a run of an alay PCB six, layer PCB, it's like a minimum a thousand dollars. Okay. Like I, I have to send that off to a factory. They're using lasers and all kinds of crazy x-ray inspection and stuff to do this. So I'm like, okay, if I can use that, how far can I go?


And that, that kind of is how I evolved into making a more and more and more complex cable that is like the latest generation O MG Cable. It does all of these different things and yeah. Very interesting. Very interesting. So, So how did you go? So you went from the exploding USB Yeah. To the, to the, what do you call it? What do you call the, the USB The exploding USB the other one? The, the O MG Cable. Yes. Yeah. I just O MG Cable, but there was a hard drive. There was a USB cable that did what? The OM or SB. Oh Yeah. So I guess I just kind of call it like early prototype tests.


I, I was, I was referring into it kind of at the time as like bad USB cable, which is not an accurate description. It was more of a nod to some research at the time that was called bad USB. That's where you would take an actual thumb drive. There's a spec, there's a few old, old thumb drives that you could take and reprogram the controller on it actually do keystroke injection among many other things. It could, it was also a worm that would replicate to other thumb drives you would plug in cool concept. But what was The first product you took to market O MG Cable. Definitely The o MG Cable. Yeah. So here's the thing is I was making a lot of these things like for like, You know, personal use, but I would also kind of sell it to friends and stuff.


You know, it's kinda like the, the back alleys of DEFCON type situation. Like, cool, I wasn't advertising this, but it's like if, You know, if You know me, I know you I'll, I'll give you some of these things. Gotcha. But it became clear, like I, I had to start scaling up like the first batch of prototype OMG cables. I think It was 2019. I brought as many as I could to, they, they took me, I, it was like eight or 16 hours per cable and 50% of them were failures because like that, that, which is terrible. Like when you make something like an the electronic product, usually you get like 95, 90 9% yields, which means, You know, one to 5% are failures that you throw away.


These things were so hard to self-assemble that I was throwing away 50% of what I made. Wow. So that automatically doubles the amount of time invested to make a cable. So, You know, I'm doing like 16 ish hours per cable to make them Wow. Like that's 16 hours of cable. Silly. So yeah, I was kind of hitting my limit of like what I could accomplish with the time I had. And it was like, You know what? I need to learn how to like delegate this outsource manufacturing assembly. I, 'cause I was also doing this like hand placing things. You go to a a, an assembler. So an assem. So there's a couple steps here. So I'm gonna run you through basically the manufacturing pipeline that I slowly learned is, is important here.


But first hack five, it's really important to mention hack five here. So USB rubber ducky already mentioned. You know, that's, that's Darren, Darren kitchen, his founder of five five. He, You know, that was his, his baby invented about 15 years ago. He's got so many other things like the land turtle, the wifi pineapple just packaged. What, what is this? What are these? They're similar to the A cattle, the land turtle. Exactly. Right. So all of these are different kind of like hardware implants or hardware tools for, they're multipurpose but often used for offensive security. So like the land turtle is like a network implant that can control a computer but also like sniff up network data or just do malicious network stuff.


What else? Wifi pineapple. This is a little box antennas on it that allows you to do network attacks. Right? Really cool stuff. Network. What? Network based? So wifi text, like you can break into wifi, you can, they call 'em like man in the middle concept. I like to refer to it as mischief in the middle. But basically, you know, you've got your device here and like the wireless access point here, right. They're talking, but you bring in a wifi pineapple And it can kind of intercept in between the two there. There's so many different ways you can do this. There's no one single way.


It's lots of wifi based tooling. Another example, it's not so much relevant these days, but You know, when you connect to like your free wifi access points Yeah. Coffee shops and stuff. Your phone remembers that. Typically you've tell, you've told it to remember that usually. So next time you arrange, it's gonna automatically connect. Right? The wifi pineapple for instance can say, guess what? I'm that wifi too, right? So if I pull up one right here and put it next to you or just anywhere, you know, you happen to be, your phone's gonna be like, oh, that, that I know that wifi let me connect to it. Right? So that type of stuff, there's just so many different attacks that I, I couldn't possibly run through all of them, But that just as an example, like there's so many different approaches to security.


Like we, we think about computers and you like plug in USPN, but yeah, there's, there's other things. There's the network, there's the wireless, there's near field communication with like badges and things like that. Totally, totally different tools. Totally different specialties and focuses like the, the, the badge readers. You don't think of as like computer security for the most part is it's just building access. Right? But that's all one whole thing. Interesting. When you're doing proper complete security awareness and testing. Well, let's take a quick break. Yeah. When we come back, I want to get into what is the actual O MG Cable? Oh yeah, good point. Perfect.


This episode is brought to you by companion. Iris and Josh seem like the perfect match. But when a weekend getaway turns into a nightmare, Iris realizes that things aren't as perfect as they appear from the creators of Barbarian in the studio. That brought you the notebook comes a twisted tale of Modern Romance and the sweet satisfaction of Revenge Companion now playing only in theaters rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Alright Mike, we're back from the break. We're talking about the O MG Cable, but You know, we need to, I want you to discuss and talk about exactly what, what it is that the O MG Cable does and, and show us an example. And, and for those that are listening, if you go to Mike's Everyday Carry does a phenomenal job at, at actually showing what It does, real time on computers, on phones. It's fascinating, but go ahead and give us the, You know, show us what it is and, and and, and walk us through what exactly It does. Yeah, definitely. Let's, let's pull one off, just a visual.


That's a good one. So O MG Cable right? Looks exactly like one of the many USB cables you've got. If and if it doesn't, I got a whole bunch more hair to guarantee It does Here. Yeah. Hold that. Oh, lemme see that. Yeah, so it's got a whole, a whole line of them. Yep. And I got the complete set. Yeah, you did watch out. But yeah. So what is, so each one of these fit a different phone or, and or USB drive? Yeah, I mean, so basically think about like Hold, I should say. Yeah, I mean think about all the different, and it's, think of it as camouflage, basically.


It's like what's the environment? Do they use white cables? Do they use U-S-B-A-U-S-B-C? Is it a MAC shop? Cool. They're gonna have lightning on one end maybe if they got the older phones, if it's newer phones, cool. And USBC and it's really about blending in to fit what's already in place so you could swap it out or you can do other things. There's a lot of different approaches and techniques you can have when you have a device that is physically invisible And it, And it just hiding in plain sight. So that's, that's the physical aspect of it. And that took me a huge amount of time of shrinking down the components, which I will describe in just a second.


But shrinking it down is, it just took absurd amounts of time just designing the PCB that goes in here. And then beyond that, just the entire process of integrating the PCB into a cable that just took like a year basically. Well, Before we get into how you manufactured it, let's talk about what It does. Yeah, exactly. So the PCB inside of here, what It does is when you plug it into a, it's primarily targeting laptops and desktops. It's got a PCB that will wirelessly kinda light up And it'll connect back to you. There's so many different ways you can configure it, but this wireless connection allows remote connection into the cable.


Get a full web UI in your web browser, right? Whether it's on your phone or laptop, can even connect out to the internet and you can connect to this thing from any, anywhere on earth if you, if you do it that way. What's, what's it do though? You got control of this wirelessly The main thing when you, When you say it can connect to the internet, does It, does it bypass passwords? No, you still gotta have like a wireless network it can connect to or Okay. Or you bring one in. Like if I, if I open the gotcha phone right now and looked at all the wireless networks, I bet there's probably one in there I could connect to if not, like are you gonna notice like a, a free coffee shop wifi nearby? No. Why not?


For instance, right? There's the flexibility is the name of the game with this. There's no one way to use it. There's so many ways because in a red team scenario, you don't know what you're up against and you're gonna use some options to circumvent a problem. But yeah, still what does it even do? We're gonna, you're connected to it, but it primarily emulates a keyboard. It says I'm a keyboard And it types really fast. So what does that do? Literally anything I could do sitting at the computer at the keyboard. See Yeah. So whether that's implanting malware or whatever it may be, right? That's, that's kind of the, the basic functionality of it.


But I mean, that's not it. USB cables can often connect a keyboard to a computer when you're sitting at a desk, swap out that cable and this can now intercept the keystrokes, which is really good. Just like one classic use case is if the machine is locked, I mean you, you can type all you want, but you're at a lock screen. You need to get past the lock screen. What do you need to get past the lock screen? You need the password, right? How do you get the password? In a lot of ways. I mean, you could call up the person and I mean effectively ask them for it by saying MIT or something like that. But if you're deployed between a keyboard, you can just pull it right off the lines.


They're gonna type that password every single time they log into the computer. You remotely see that you rebuild a new payload that maybe when they go to lunch in the evening when You know they're not at the machine anymore, it's just gonna type in that password, automatically unlock the machine and then do all the nefarious things you want it to at that point. So you just have full access to the, to the computer. Yeah. At that point, yeah, you Can see everything. You can access anything so long as you capture the password from the keystrokes. Yeah. Not so much seen not, well there's, there's, there's a lot of, it depends, right? But it's, Is it like a screen share, like that team viewer thing? Not, not, not at this stage.


Okay. So at this stage we're just blindly sending keystrokes in, right? So as long as You know, You know what os it is or something like that. That's, that's, that's all you need on a desktop. Like I know if I hit Command Space, it's gonna open up Spotlight on a Mac and I can open up Chrome and then go to the address bar, do some things right. For example. Like that's a very repeatable series of keystrokes and you can do 'em really fast once You know it, just for an example. Okay. Alright. So that's, that's the basics of the very core functionality. And then you, you combine that with key logging and suddenly you're, you're getting a, a bigger picture here, but there's also other, Hold on, I want to go down.


Yeah, yeah, totally. I'm a, I'm a dummy want jet, so Yeah, let's go deep. So, yeah, so what would you, so now I didn't even understand that to be honest, when we did the EDC pocket dump, so basically you're so in that little window, you said there'll be a window that might pop up for our second Oh yeah. So you see a little window blink, right? That's basically your terminal. In that case. There's, there's a lot of things I could do, but in that case, on that, I think It was So, so you could put some type of a Trojan horse or something in there Yep. And implant it in the computer, like very E Exactly right. Through a series of keystrokes. Exactly.


And then if you detect the Trojan on there and you remove it and the cable's still in play, which is designed to be, just put it right back on. No shit. Which is absolutely a thing that has happened with a bunch of my customers that they have told me that, you know, they did an engagement with a very high profile client. We, we can go into these types of things, But that reinfection vector is exactly what they used. Do you prompt it or does it just automatically do it when you put it in the computer? Either Or. So all about flexibility. So you can program this a couple different ways. So what I showed was me remotely connecting to it and I hit go. But this can be configured that when it powers up And it gets plugged in, it powers up.


It can immediately run a payload, it can wait a series, You know how, however long you want, and then run a payload. Is The payload the actual keystroke or Yeah, Exactly. So when I say payload, it's the key, the series of keystrokes that gets run And the malware or the, the Trojan horse or whatever You can, there's ways of typing out, like if you got like a small executable that you wanna transfer over, there's a couple ways to do that. Like you just use the keystrokes to download it, right? You can download stuff from like the terminal, for instance. Or I could use Chrome and download it there and go to the downloads folder and open it up there Through keystrokes. Yep. I could navigate everything with keystrokes. So you could, I have no idea what the hell I'm doing with this shit, but I'm Lauren.


We could do some fun stuff. So you could send somebody an email and with a, with a downloadable whatever files Yep. This one way. Yep. And then plant that cable on 'em. They plug the cable in, It does the keystrokes automatically to open Chrome. Log into their email, download the, the thing and Yeah, it's one way. Yep. Go to the downloads folder, download it, then you're in. Yep. That's one. And it all happens within like a couple of seconds. Yep. That's one way. I mean, I probably wouldn't email it to 'em. 'cause if, if I was gonna email it, I probably include an email that convinces them to just run it for me. But if I'm against a hardened target where it's, they're not as susceptible to that, they're unlikely to do it.


I'm like, okay, well let's get a cable that'll do it for me. As, as an example. Right? This can also do mouse movements too, if we need lots of control there and Yeah. It's, you can also, yeah, so the, the malware, right? You can download that. You can also type it back out. It, it's called base 64. It's just a whole bunch of, it looks like random garbage characters. If you open, like, if you open up a, an executable with notepad, roughly stain high level here, you're gonna see a bunch of garbage text. Right? But when you type that same text out in a notepad and save it, it's that executable.


So I, so I type that back into the computer and boom, there's, there's the executable, which is something we've done quite a bit in environments where they're checking what is being downloaded from the internet. I'm like, okay, you're looking at the internet, cool. I'm gonna just type this, this little piece of malware back into the computer. Lots of cool tricks you can do like that. Wow. It's fun. And, and so there, there, there's other aspects of this too. So, You know, keystroke injection, mouse injection, I showed you the key logging. Oh, we, you were asking about the ways of triggering it. So I showed you remotely. I can click go And we can have it boot up and go.


There's also what I refer to as geofencing, basically it's got wireless in there, so it can just look at the nearby networks and figure out where it is and where it isn't. And you can trigger or block things on that. And there's a self-destruct function where it'll erase everything on it. Now it sounds super nefarious, but it's actually prompted by legal. A lot of, a lot of places have strict controls. So with the USB rubber ducky does the keystroke injection, it looks like a thumb drive by hack five. That's my, my business partner. They, they invented that 15 years ago-ish. What what they would do is you could put like salaries XLS on it.


So it's like, oh, that must be the company salaries and l it in the parking lot. Right. That that's one way that people would be convinced to pick it up in the parking lot, bring it inside, plug it in, see what's on it, right? And boom, they've just infected themselves with malware. Right. There's a downside to that, which is depending on how bad that payload is, if you're a red team, you're an employee of this company, right? You've got malware sitting on a loose object that anyone could pick up and bring it home, bring it into another business, and now you have just infected another business. That's not ideal. Right? So certain environments, their legal team is like, no way you put geofencing on this.


You have a payload where boots up And it just says, am I in the office? Is the corporate wifi present? Cool. If not completely wipe everything. Are you shitting me? So you, wow, wow. So it knows where it's at. Yep. And where it isn't. Holy shit. So this, this scan right here, this was done by Luma Field. They've got a CT scanner, which is basically an x-ray scanner that takes a lot of X-rays, little slices across a product and then assembles it into a 3D object. So Luma Field actually just did some work with them to, You know, sit down and talk about their machines they use for all kinds of things.


Manufacturing, inspection, but also starting to get into like security stuff. Like where you can literally see inside. This is a scan of the end of one of my cables. So right here is the connectors, USB connectors. And over here we've got the components. So this is the main processor and this little thing over here is the antenna. You can kinda see that USB wires run out at the bottom there. Wow. And the cool thing is, let's see if I can turn this. There it is. That is the whole internal and lots more components kind of on the back. You, you can use this to step through every layer and just see literally every little detail about something.


So if you got untrusted hardware firm for instance, that scanner would reveal all of the internals in this case. It's just really cool. And it shows off. Here's, here's what's inside my cable. That's all the magic. You gotta get that framed. Yeah, I think I'm gonna, it's a beautiful scan. That is very cool. Yeah, they, they have done a lot of work to kind of democrat democratize the access to CT scans. CT scanning machines are normally this industrial machine that's really hard to use and really expensive. Like we're talking like a million plus dollars for machines roughly. They do a subscription where it's like the cost of a like maintenance contract.


And they did some amazing stuff to make it super usable. Like, you can see me turning this, it's super easy to use the outputs and set it up. And they did something magic. And I don't know that they communicate this, but the sensor and a x-ray machine normally decays and you have to replace it. They've somehow made like an eternal scanner. So that re reduces the cost as well. Which I don't, I don't know. I'm I'm completely obsessed with your technology right now, so sorry for the momentary splurge on that, but Oh, that Is super cool. Super Cool. Good stuff. Who are Your customers? Kinda everyone, basically. So here's the thing, but me personally, I've got one customer hack five And we, we can probably go into the story about how we met.


But basically when I was making these things by myself and I needed to take the jump into manufacturing, had a lot of bad experiences, but hack five was amazing. They're like, let me just kinda show you the ropes, right? Like manufacturing, running a business, all this stuff. Darren has been great to me. So I sell all of my stuff to him and all of my products are available on hack five. As a result, they take care of who gets it and they have very tight expert controls. There's a lot of countries they would just will not ship to. Can I just go on there and buy it? Yeah, you can. You're you're not in a prohibited country. Wow. So yeah, you can just go on there and buy it and hobbyists can use it.


Security researchers, awareness training. So that's where you go on stage and kind of just show off concerning things so that people will change their behavior. And primarily red teams. There's lots of red teams in the private space, You know, fortune five hundreds, military, industrial government, all have their own equivalencies to that. And again, the, the red team is where you are emulating what an actual attacker does from end to end penetrating to the co getting into the company and all the entire chain of hopping around and getting to the crown jewels, pulling those back out. That, that is red teaming. And this is used a lot there. So I have a lot of customers who will also reach out just for advice on how to use the cables.


Or maybe they've run into a situation like that legal constraint, like, Hey, this is cool, but like, oh yeah, cool, let me just fix that and solve that legal problem. Now, I don't know like the full scope of what they're doing, but it's like, oh, here's a problem. I can solve that for you. There's, yeah, every, they, they are the people I've talked to and now I I've, I know a lot more than I can talk about here, but there are plenty of people who have said, yeah, you're going to Shawn Ryan, go ahead and you, you can talk about it this way. Couple people. Who are those people? Yeah. So I, Is it my former employer?


I mean, possibly. So I, I don't know that level of detail and don't really want to, but as long as they're part of like the okay. Entities, Are there any okay Entities? Yeah, I know all exactly right. The ones who aren't, That's a whole nother podcast. This is gonna be defined on who is or isn't going to put me in prison. So let's, that's, that's my definition of good in this scenario is keeping those people happy. But, and but to be clear, there's another advantage here, which is some of these places are critical infrastructure that they work at or are tasked with securing or improving the security. So we all benefit from that. Like, I don't want a place that isn't, has some form of nuclear material in it getting compromised.


'cause the people who wanna compromise those places are probably looking to hurt me in some way. Right? Let's, let's help them. So the other feature kind of added to these cables recently is we can call it HID x stealth link. It's kind of the branding of it to explain what it is, but ultimately still acting as a keyboard. But now it's got bi bidirectional data transfer. So like a network interface, but without ever showing as a network interface. You can send data back and forth between the computer And it just looks like a keyboard to the target system. This was used for quite a few people in a lot of environments, but in this case, You know, they, the critical infrastructure was not looking for this type of exfiltration technique.


And it worked really well. Got them in and they achieved their objectives with this critical infrastructure and got it fixed. You know, I, I was told that my name got put into a report that I will never have access to, But that is, that's extremely cool. It's like cool, I got my name into a report to fix some critical infrastructure with a technique that we developed with, with my team. And honestly, I'd love to pause and even talk about that team because while I make the hardware and the manufacturing to run the business, all the tricks, this does heavily about the actual firmware that runs on this. And that requires multiple people to pull off. Let's talk about your team.


Yeah, So there's a couple pieces of this, but one guy's retired and just loves working on hardware prior to this. I mean, he did, did a lot of things, but prior to this he was working on the firmware for police body cameras. So very, very interesting background there. Another guy is blind and he does kind of the, the UI you've seen kinda poetic. He's the, the blind guy is in charge of the ui. He's got a lot of Experience. What is ui? Yeah, so the, the visual interface, when you open it up in the control panel and you got all the buttons and stuff in there, are you, Hold on, pick that cable up. Yeah. Yes.


When you open that thing up and look at the control panel and the Buttons, ah, wirelessly. So when you connect to it wirelessly with your web and then you open your web browser and then connect to the the IP address, you get a, like a a web webpage, right, okay. With all the buttons on it that give you the controls, you can view the key logs. Gotcha. Open the hundreds of payloads you can save on here and run them all. That's purely visual. Okay. Just click on stuff. It doesn't have to be, you can automate it, but yeah, it's primarily visual And it allows all the cool controls to happen. So got another guy who, You know, in education and a lot of them are familiar with, You know, the, the government contracting spaces as well.


Fairly small team, but they have been along for the ride the whole time and just constantly interested in picking up just challenges. And like the way the key logger works on here is like, that's not supposed to be possible. How did You get this word out? How are you marketing this? Huh? That, that's a really good question actually is I have not done any marketing yet. This thing kind of has its own legs, which I mean, I could imagine, but I mean, how, what was the first thing? Like how did I put a, I think I just put a video out video of like, hey, like I made this with my mail, check it out, here's what it can do. Excuse me. Yeah, no worries. And here's what it can do.


And then just took off like it, that was mostly in the InfoSec space, so, You know, it kind of went around the, the hacker community and the professional security professionals. Security professionals. And at some point it just kind of goes outside that bubble. 'cause it gets enough traction. Like Vice took it, Forbes took it, You know, there's, there's so many different high profile. This has been in Forbes. Oh yeah. This has been in Forbes a couple times. Look, Bob, I made it Forbes. Oh Yeah. It's, it's been pretty wild. I, I am at the point though where I am starting to think about focusing purely on this because it has just become this awesome monster that takes a lot of my time as well as running, You know, a red team as well.


So that's probably something I'm gonna be pivoting into very shortly and focusing on that, helping the team and seeing feeling what more we can do. Probably gonna relax for a bit though. Good for you. I'm tired. How is business? Is it going well? It's, It's very good. So it's, it's, I'm probably long overdue to jump. When do you, what do you think you'll grow into with this? I have no idea that, So I've, I've never had a plan ever on any of this. It's just what's the thing and the opportunity at the moment and how can I play with that in an interesting way, which, You know, there's a lot of things why you would want to plan in business, but I just, yeah, I don't know, maybe eventually I'll have a plan.


Do you have any fear about this being on the market? So available? I mean, it's been five, six years now and I am very proud of like, the result of it with all the places where it's been fixed and the very low abuse scenarios. Like, we're, we're very intentional when we think about, okay, let's add a feature to this, but let's figure out who wants this feature, who's gonna make use of it. Like for instance, like the number one that I want to avoid is like stocker wear ware stuff. People look at this and they're like, oh yeah, I need that for that. I'm like, no, I'm, I'm gonna make that hard. Like, that's not as valuable to a red team professional. I like, we're trying to get into corporate infrastructure, we're trying to do like Oceans 11, shit on like Fortune 10 or something like that.


Like This would be so easy to plant in any government facility. Yeah, That's, I Mean, yeah, I shouldn't say, I shouldn't say any government facility, but you know, it might be, it's been a while since I've been to a skiff, but you know, it's, they seem to have a pretty Oh, yeah. You know, pretty good gauge on what's going on. But I'm, I'm talking like DC Congress Yes. Senate, absolutely. Politicians, those types would be, it would be a fucking joke just to You could hand them out. Yeah. And they'll use them. So here's the thing though, is that's the other aspect is there's a lot of very detectable defaults.


You have to really know how to use the tool to work around these things. But by design, it's supposed to be detectable. If you're doing good security, like this is gonna light up and it's literally the, it announces itself as an o MG Cable out of the, You know, effectively outta the box, right? So hopefully you're at least checking that. And all of your experiences a is doing red cell operations, Yes and No. How many people do you think are testing that? So here's the thing is the people who are that low on the bar of security, I don't, I don't need these to get in. I just pick up a phone, I send an email. Okay, fair enough. That's, that's, that's that sweet spot where it's like all, You know, you map out all the, the desires, the capabilities and the threats and the ne negative consequences and just thread the needle to get just that sweet spot.


And we spent a lot of time thinking about that. But I, right now, I just point to the last five years of like, look the, the results and that we had, You know, I, I can talk all day about how, how much intent we put into it, but the results are far better than the intent in terms of convincing somebody. Another thing, so I think I showed you these, these should actually shift deactivated for multiple reasons, which you can imagine there's a, a little, we call it the programmer, it's kind of a firmware tool. So you, you plug this into your computer to activate it, right? This all doubles for multiple other things.


So if you do like a self descr, self-destruct on it, you recover the cable with this. If you wanted to, you have to get it back outta the field. But self-destruct, we'll just put it into a neutral cable that's just not harmful at all. Really good. If you can't pull the thing back outta the field, you, you want to neutralize all your stuff. However, if your blue team and you found this, you can also use one of these to dump every bit of firmware that's running on here, which can include payloads and all this stuff. So as long as, You know, it hasn't been self-destructed, you can just dump that and do a full forensics on it so they get to practice as well. Wow. So yeah, we, we've done a lot of things that kinda show off the forensic capabilities and ways of approaching.


So it's, it's meant to be holistic for security, not just purely offensive use, but it's, it's really about raising, raising the bar basically. Interesting. I mean when I look at that, You know, I've always heard, You know, I've always heard RIT guys always telling us, you know, don't be buying shit off Amazon. If you're gonna get, if you're gonna get an iPhone cable, get it from the Apple store, not from Amazon. If you're getting wifi extenders go from the manufacturer and not some shit on Amazon. Is China putting the shit into our ecosystem? I doubt it. So these are highly targeted. So it's, it's kind of Things like this. Yeah, Exactly.


But I, I think it's good to think about it. Like, let's, let's step back to like a different type of crime like Pickpocketing versus like Oceans 11 bank job, right? Like this is more on the, You know, the bank job, whereas pickpocketing, that's what you're more likely to experience as a just a random individual. Like that's gonna be more equal to like phishing emails, like really low grade commodity, You know, malware type stuff that's delivered over email. Like the risk of physically delivering this stuff is too high. Or in the case of like, oh, we're gonna contaminate, contaminate the, the, the shelves effectively online or not.


That's so high cost and so easy to find. That's like some, you just need one person to detect that this happened and we'd all hear the news story is, which kind of reminds me of that Bloomberg grain of rice story, right? Which was complete bullshit. My friend Joe. Joe Fitzpatrick is a great guy to talk about this, but basically there was this Bloomberg news story that a little grain of light rice component was found implanted in a bunch of servers, right? And it just doesn't make sense, which is why that story didn't make sense 'cause there are so many other ways of approaching that, that are way less detectable.


There's anybody, like how do you control where that goes? You, it's very hard to control where implanted hard work goes. And if you don't have control, anyone's gonna find it. I think like the, the, the closest you can get to that might be that Israeli pager story where they had to create a fake manufacturing plant to develop these things and that is how they controlled where it went. So hold On. I don know I'm not familiar with This. Ah, yes. You know, into this. Yeah, yeah. Totally. Is The Israeli pager story where they blew up all the Hezbollah Guys? Yes, exactly. So thousands fascinating. Thousands of pagers. I think It was a batch of 5,000 and 4,000 went out.


So yeah, a lot of, lot of booms. But basically what they did is set up a fake manufacturing company, right? And they, I think they had their own manufacturing plant and everything. They licensed a legitimate model of pager from a legitimate company well known. This is a typical relationship for a lot of hardware. You just license it and you sell it and then you're like, yeah, put my name on it. It depends on what it is. Like obviously Apple's gonna do their own thing, but we're talking pagers, right? This is like 30-year-old technology here. So they did that. They had a bunch of, they, they even went as far as getting a bunch of random customers and gave them good pagers.


But then they got their Hezbollah client. And I'm always curious about how they did that, You know, have some postulations, but they got their Hezbollah client and they, they made exploding pagers for them. They, they put high explosives in part of the battery and a de detonator in there. And basically it was configured to explode, detonate this thing after a specific message was sent to the pager and the way pager networks work or all like broadcast. So you can, you can send one message that goes to all pagers in the network, which is probably what they did anyway. This was in play for, I don't know, I think It was like one or two years.


Like these were out there and slowly going through, You know, the IT operations of, hey guys, we've got new hardware and slowly sending them up to the field. I think there were encrypted pagers. It was funny in, in some ways that this pager focus was entirely because they knew their cell phones were compromised. Like, oh, start using pages, or maybe it's the walkie talkies, I forget, but they were moving away from one comms to another to avoid surveillance and as a result they got explosions. But that's the kind of like level of control. Like if, if those got out to someone else, which I mean there's still opportunity for that.


Like they're not watching one pager go from hand to hand to hand. Yeah. Like it's like, oh, we deployed it to Hezbollah And it is reasonable to assume that this level of dissemination with this marginal error and other people touching them and you know, they, they probably did the math on that, right? I didn't. But that, that's kind of a good example of like how far you can go and like the risks of discovery stuff like Stuxnet. Stuxnet is another good example of, I think It was the Iranian enrichment facilities where, oh, I can't remember the full story here, but there was like a thumb drive with a worm on it And it got in, basically it got carried into this enrichment facility And it would damage the part of the enrichment machinery, right?


But didn't do it all at once. It would randomly pick one or the other because you don't want to be discovered, right? If you did it all at once, you're like, oh, something's up. It's just like, oh, one went up, whatever. It must be bad, right? Like, so there's like the psychology of making sure it doesn't seem like it's something to investigate. It's like, oh, a bad machine, it must be bad process. So I kept doing that and eventually, I can't remember how it got to stuff discovered, but there was a issue where it started spreading around elsewhere, like the worm or something like that. And somebody noticed it. I think I, I can't fully remember, but there was a discovery event 'cause it kind of got too wide. And once it's discovered, okay, now you can defend against it.


Now you can find them in the wild. And dude, it, the moment somebody found anything in, in our stuff, they're gonna tell the world like, Hey look at this cool thing I found. I'm a security researcher. So that said, on the flip side, there's plenty of places we don't look, most of the stuff you find in there is just vulnerabilities. Like, oh, I didn't think there would be a hole on whatever. Some aspect of a product. Like, oh, if you just log in 10 times and do this, you get in, you bypass everything. It's like, wait, what you do what that, that's the type of stuff that's typically, well nobody thought to try that.


So yeah, it really depends. Physical implants are much easier to discover. 'cause I mean, they're physically there. You can't revoke 'em. You can't be like, oh, self delete. Yeah, it's there. I mean not, not counting the pager situation, it's a different type of delete, but, You know, delete in a way that doesn't leave the, the evidence around. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm cu like, what's in your head ma'am? What's next for you? I don't know yet. I'm just gonna What Are you thinking about? Like, I, I have been focusing more, more on personal stuff. Just like hanging out with my kids, spending more time with them while I got got the, the time and they're growing, You know, one's 14 so You know, You can shut it off. No.


Yeah. So learning how to do that is part of, part of it. So I haven't learned how to do that. Yeah, it's, it's when You do, it's hard. Lemme know it's, dude, It's hard 'cause you love this. I can tell this is your passion. Yeah. You're, you, you're moving into this full-time. This is gonna be your full-time business. Yep. Gimme a snapshot. I mean Here of what, What, what are some of your ideas? Here's an example. So I, I'm re reusing the same implant in a couple of ways. So I mean this, this is an easy one. So USB adapters basically a cable, right? Cool. I had a thing where customers were enjoying the firmware so much for like payload development. They would get the cable and cut the end off.


I'm like, dude, no, that's my baby. What are, what are you doing? So, You know, there we go. Key chains that, you know, don't have the cable on it. Cool. Got that. Now here's another one. Are you familiar with USB data blockers? No. So it's a commonly recommended like secure charging mechanism. You're like, oh, I can't trust the airport charger or something like that. You're like, well get a data blocker. Can you trust an airport charger? Mostly, I mean I I I'm personally more concerned about the quality of the electricity coming out there frying my phone than I am about like a data situation.


Because going back to the discoverability, you put something in a wide space like that, once it gets detected, you hear about it, we've not heard about it. Gotcha. And especially in a secure space, like all the airport locations, like there's everybody's on camera, right? Like, good luck. It would be really hard. There's advisories that come out and I think the FBI was doing, they get a lot of flack for that because there's no like, proof it existed. But I don't know, like I I, I don't have the intelligence they have either. So, I mean, there's things you could do.


I, I also don't consider my my creativity to be all inclusive in all ways. You can do something negative. Like there's plenty of people with different motives and minds than me. So, yeah, we'll see. It'll be, it'll be a cool story. But yeah, data blockers, that's the, the idea. You, you now have safe charging. I'm like, cool, I'll put one of my things in a data blocker now, You know, cat and mouse. Yeah. I just thought it was funny. But just as an example, just kinda chase that a little bit. Go from there. I don't know. We'll see. Do you have any wazoo crazy inventions that you're, that, that you're dreaming up? I've done a lot with on the manufacturing side.


So I've had to invent so many tools and mechanisms both for cre creating these cables, which turns into their own products. 'cause You know, I'm teaching other people how to use them And it breaks and I gotta do support for those products. And, you know, they're their own PCBs and everything's, You know, it, it's, it's a hardware product with its own firmware just to test these cables at multiple stages. So I'm still packing these at home with the kids and the envelopes, right? I gotta label those. That gets really annoying over time. I'm like, You know what, I'm gonna create a machine to label these. So I just keep chasing that down and seeing how much I can do. You know, there's a, there's a guy called Cliff Stall.


He does a lot of really cool things, science, math. He's got a book on security, but he also makes something called Kline bottles to total deviation here. But you'll, you'll see why. So KLE bottles are, you know, Mobius strip, you take a strip of paper and you pull the ends up, rotate tape 'em together. Now you've got a 1D dimension. So if you follow it around a pen, it's one dimensional. Klein bottle is a 3D version of that. Anyway, he, I think he lives in Palo Alto, a small place. He runs like distribution entirely out of his house for that. So under his house, he has built an entire robotic warehouse system with like, drives the thing around, pulls the stuff out.


I think that's cool as hell. And it goes back to like the, the old school hacker mindset of just doing that. I like that kind of stuff. Just catches me. Yeah. And I'll, I'll like, okay, cool. I I wanna do as much manufacturing in-home as I can. 'cause a, my, my stuff is really small, but You know, also, let's, let's just see how far I can take it, how much more I can optimize. Like I, this this orange clip that goes on these things that I ship with. So you, so You know which ones are bad. I've re redesigned it like six times so far. Just wow. Like, I don't know, I just wanna see how much further can I take it. Wow. Yeah.


So are you manufacturing these yourself or It's a mix. So the process for it, I'm gonna go back to this, this PCB as a reference here, but real quick, the process that I, I'm kind of taking right now is I ask one, one manufacturer make the raw, the PCB, the green piece here, then that gets shipped to another place that assembles the components to the PCB. They're, they're basically running it through high heat that melts solder and they all get like glued to the board right now they're, now you got a functional piece of, and now once it's glued to the board, here's one of my implants And we can get some closeups later.


But here is, that's, that's one of the implants that's the size of it with All the, this is what goes in the little USB thing. Yep. Inside the, the boot of the cable, basically this Little bitty ass thing. Yep. Connects to the internet. Yep. It's Wow. It's why the fuck is my modem so big? Yeah, I know. I mean, Serious man. Wow. Yeah, there's, there's a lot of compromises to make that happen. Like look At that damn thing. Yeah. If, If you were not size constraint on that, that would be 10 times bigger because it would be so much easier to make with 10 components instead of, You know, two or whatever. I forget how many I have in there.


I think I got like 12, but You know, times 10 the components is normally what you'd see. So that creates the need to do a lot of creative engineering to compromise and get, get small. But at some point I'll show you, here, I'll just brush these. Here's that little one with the USBC end on it, and here it's USS BCA. So that's kinda, you know, okay. Components are on there. You know, one, one shop did the green PCB one shop put all the components on there. Cool. Well that's what I got right now, right? It's not cable yet. So another shop gonna help integrate that into cables.


And So this other shop's gonna integrate it into cables to some extent. There's still unfinished work to do unfinished testing then. And, and if it's the woven cable, there's another factory that has to like do special cutting and crimping and searing of the end so it doesn't unravel anyway. So, You know, three, four factories later, chips over to me, I'll do the finishing work on them. Sometimes it's closing the actual cables up, but at a minimum it's testing everything, calibrating them, putting like that initial firmware on there, tons of QA and QC work packaging, shipping it off to the, that the hack five warehouse.


So Wow. Lots of work. Wow. So where do people find this product? Yeah, so two places, basically you can go to the O MG Dool website. That's, that's my primary website. Or you can go to my business partner. It redirects to my business partner effectively, which is hack five HAK five, hack five.org/omg. And all of my products are up on their site. Wow. That's incredible man. That is incredible Fun stuff, man. I can't believe, have the agency's been in touch with you to come work with Probably your Science and technology department or?


I'm not sure. I would know. You would know. Yeah. And there's been a lot of interesting challenges too. Like, I mean, I'm, I am saying, you know, that's, that's actually not a joke. That's a Oh Yeah, totally. You know, yeah. Very, very sharp guy, very inventive, very impressive. I am, I'm happy to help all kinds of people secure their environments. So yeah, I mean, they know where to find me. I'm sure they do. Let's see, there's, oh, You know what, another thing might be interesting here is this kind of kicked off right when the pandemic kicked off.


It's like, You know, working with the factories had to do all that remote and that immediately ran into the chip shortage. I saw that come in from like six months before everybody else did. So immediately had to figure out all the supply chain logistics, where to find chips when they are out of the market, everywhere, hoarding them mass. Like I, this, this is something I have put the, oh first two or three years of profits entirely back into production, whether it's improving the PCB, improving the capabilities or storing extra components because we're in the middle of a chip shortage.


So I can still make my stuff. That was, that was a wild time. And it felt like there was just one thing after the other that was like, no, you can't sell these. No, the market's down. No, you can't have access to the chips. And just find, trying to find ways of working around that down to like component, all these little tiny components come on a, in a really long piece of tape coiled up on a, a reel, right? I, I count those, I assemble those by myself as well. So, you know, I got machines to count them and assemble them So I can just send it off to the assembler. There, there's so many different facets of running a hardware business that is like this, that is really unexpected and I'm just kind of learning on the fly.


So. Yeah. Well, stuff very impressive, Mike. Thanks Man. Well, I think we're wrapping up the interview, but I just wanna say, man, you are a super sharp, fascinating individual and what an amazing conversation. Thanks man. It's been fun. Very inventive. Thank you. Thank you. And You know, I'll be tracking you. Where, where can people find you? Oh yeah, I mean, I'm all over the place. I definitely on Twitter, mg, lots of other social networks starting to form and fall apart and whatever they may be. I'll try to keep all of that on the contact page of the O mg lo site though.


Perfect. Well, Mike, I wish you the best of luck and Thank you. And I can't wait to see what you come up with next. Thanks. All right, brother. Cheers. Thank you.


Are you ready for football? Let's go. Truly ready for football. Yes. Are you screaming for football? What the hell is happening? Dreaming for football, good times. Eating, sleeping, crafting, parenting, naming your pets and preparing for football. That sort of stuff happening. Oh my goodness. Are you dancing Jonesing Mahomes for football? That's what I'm looking forward to seeing. Good. Then you are ready for football with the Rich Eyes in Show, podcast. They're ready. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.