
With new mc value. At McDonald's, you always get more than you expect every day. So even if gas prices go up, you can buy a double cheeseburger and add a McChicken for $1 or before game time, you can get $5 meal deals for the group. And if breakfast is about to end, get deals in the app to save before the bell. The choice is yours and the choice with mc value is always more. Prices and participation may vary. Valid for item of equal or lesser value must opt into rewards for app deals.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I was worried we'd bring back the same team.


I Met those blackout motorized shades. Lime do com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it's easy. I installed these and then got some from my mom. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install Hall Of Fame sun. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Blinds.com is the goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 45% off select styles, rules, and restrictions may apply.


Chris Bledsoe, welcome to the show. Thank you For having me, Sean. I can't wait to dive into what we're about to talk about, but So gotta give Sean Webb credit again. He has introduced me to the, some of the most fascinating people that I've ever met and just a great human being. I love Sean. And also I was with Brandon Fugal About a month ago and went and toured. He gave me a private tour of Skim Walker Ranch and, and I told him that me and you were potentially doing an interview and he got really excited about that and, and told me a little bit about what you guys were, were doing out there.


So I'd love to touch on that. But all in all, Chris, I'm just ecstatic that you made the trip and was able to meet your son, Ryan and, and been really excited to do this. Yeah, It's the same here, my friend. We've been so excited and I'm just, I'm honored. Thank you. Yeah, Thank you. All right, well everybody starts with a introduction. So Chris Bledsoe, you had a life-changing UFO experience in 2007 after the financial crisis that saved your life and cured you of your chronic illness.


What was that? Chronic illness, Crohn's Disease. Crohn's Disease Crohn's, yeah. Since then, you've dedicated your life to sharing your story and how it impacts your faith, which I can't wait to dive into that. You are the author of the New York Times bestseller, UFO of God, the extraordinary true story of Crisp Blood. So, and since then, your u of your UFO experience, you've talked to CIA, nasa, the History Channel, they've all been studying you and your experience and from what I understand, trying to figure out what's going on with your consciousness. Yeah, Yeah. So I have a lot of questions.


Okay. But, and then we have a Patreon account. They've been with us since the very beginning. They're top supporters. And without them I wouldn't be sitting here and neither would you. And so one of the things that I do is I offer them an opportunity to ask each, que each, each quest, each guest a question. And so there's some really good ones on here. This one is from Kathy. How do you view death now since your experience? Is it a sole departure or a rebirth or finality as your true being dies?


It's completely, To me, the, the real world is the unseen world where there's no time. I think we're in some sort of matrix here where we experience time from the, the physical body, right? Once you're born, it starts decaying right after it grows. And it's a cycle. But the eternal world is alive and around us. And I have, I have been able to, to experience that and, and have shared it with a lot of others. This, this hidden world around us there.


I think our loved ones are on the other side cheering for us to get through to the other side. Stronger in my faith than I ever have been. But Here's a question that just came to mind on the subject. We're talking about where we go after we die and what you think happens after we die. Where do you think we are before we're born? I don't know. But the Bible says, and I knew you before you were born, so if you're eternal, we were, we were part of God. In other words, we're consciousness. The word consciousness leads back to one.


So you got all these people talking about consciousness now. Well, that just means God, right? So I think we're all a part of God and he breed the life into every one of us. And we return back to that unless we fail. You know, there's, there's consequences. So when you say consciousness is God, what exactly does that mean? Because all of our consciousness is, is different And we don't see eye to eye on things. We have different perceptions. We view the world through different lenses. And so is this a, do you think consciousness is one big collective?


I think it's like a wireless internet, basically, or the, all the information to every living thing is, is around us. In fact, I've read studies from NASA and I have a couple that, that are pretty interesting, where it talks about the green light that shines from the sun, the way it angles on earth. The the light is in the green spectrum, which is the color spectrum, the center. And in that green light is, it affects this chemical called a DT, which is in, in all living things, hemoglobin in a human to plant life chlorophyll.


And when that light hits that chemical, it creates the energy, which starts life. So something is telling every cell in your body what to do. You're not, and, and the grass and the trees and the bugs, it's all created by this, this field of information around us. And I think we're just receivers that this is how we're able to, to remote view this is how you're able to, to do a lot of that kind of stuff. Because we can tap into it this consciousness around us.


Just, it's like a wireless network. So it's complex and you know, I'm just guessing, just like everybody, we speculate of what is real about what, you know, even God, we all speculate 'cause we really don't know. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Were you, it's a personal question, but it sounds like the experience that you had in 2007, which we'll dive into here in just a couple minutes, it sounds like that really, I don't know if it made your faith stronger or just brought you to faith in general, but stronger.


Stronger. So you were always a Christian. I was, yeah. My wife's pen, I was a deacon in the Pentecostal in this church. So I was raised in the Baptist church and I married my wife 42 years ago. Congratulations. And We were still in love and happy and she says, you're gonna marry me. You're going to go to the church with me, you're not gonna drink and all that. So I agreed. And I was 20 years old, 21. And we got married, I joined the Pentecostal church. I became a deacon in the church. And, and then I ran into trouble when I had this experience with the UFO and that, that created some problems for me of Interesting.


Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. So did you come to faith because of your wife? You had to make a deal? No. No. Or was it always No. When I was a little boy, my neighbors, I lived out in the country. I was born on and raised on a farm, right. My dad was a carpenter. My, I worked in tobacco and hay and my, you know, sometimes on a dairy farm, my neighbor had one, but all the kids wanted to go to the local church. We, we had a little 17 hundreds church that was in the Civil War. It was a hospital, this old dirt driveway, and it is still there.


And all his kids wanted to go to church 'cause that's where only we could get together and have fun. And so I was deep rooted in the Baptist church until I married her. And I had to convert from Baptist to Pentecostal, which was, which was different. I'd never seen speaking in tongues and walking on the tops of the pews and shouting and all that. And, but that's where I ended up Pentecostal church. So I'm deep rooted in my faith. I know the Bible pretty good, but I see it differently now because I have seen something that changed my life.


Were you into, before this experience, were you into UFOs or extraterrestrial life or any of that? Were you No. Nothing. No. Back in those days I was, I was a builder. My dad, I was, I, I'm actually a commercial pilot. That was my first love was to be a pilot. I swore I wasn't gonna be a carpenter. I wanted to be something different. So my wife encouraged me when we got married to get into flying. And I did, and I studied 12 years. I actually taught weather for the, for pilots. I was certified college level.


So that was my life until we had the third baby. And when the third baby come along, I had to make a decision. Do I become a dad that sees my kids two days a week and basically not a part of their lives? Or do I want my children to, to love their dad? And so I, I changed my whole career to look after my children, got into the building business and along about 2001, the World Trade Center disaster happened. And when that happened, I was caught with 72 houses under construction. We were building a hundred a year, 120 houses. My wife had the re max company in Fayetteville, and she was, I think her last year they closed $40 million worth of homes, new and existing.


And, but when they crashed the World Trade Center, Fort Bragg went on big alert, you know, that's where I lived. Fort Bragg, I, I worked with the, you know, the soldiers, this, this who buys the houses mostly. And I saw it all a slow motion train wreck coming, because back in those days, the interest rate on construction money was eight 9%, which it is now. Which is terrible. That's the worst thing they could do to kill the housing business, which is happening right now. I have friends in the building, business and family that are crying about that. But what happened, I had a hundred thousand dollars a month going out and interest in overhead.


And by the time 2005 come along, it had bled me of all life savings, 20 years worth of work and my disease that I had been fighting since 25 years old, 26 Crohn's got worse and it got worse. And real worse to the point that we sold the company, I couldn't even get outta bed. I I, oh man, I was that sick. And so I'd never thought About a UFOI was too busy raising children and building all these houses and dealing with the, now I'm in depression, I'm sick, I'm in the restroom 25 times or 20 times a day.


And it, it was, it was, I thought it was gonna die from it. I mean, really. So that's where my brain was in 2001 right on up to when it actually happened in oh seven. Interesting. Yeah. Well, before we get into the incident, everybody on the show gets a gift. Oh Wow. Thank you for that. Yeah, You're welcome. Any guesses? I love it. Love it. These is the famous gummies. That's it. I Love it. The Johns League gummy bears made right here in the USA and still legal in all 50 states. I love it.


So, but well, Chris, let's, let's dive into the incident. Let's dive into what happened on the Cape Fear River. Okay. What was, what were you doing that day? Well, I'd sold the business right and there for a year. There's a part there that I, it is in my book, I write about this. Leading up to that incident, I'd had this near death experience in, in the hospital from being overmedicated from some, from, from the, the medicine they were giving me.


They weren't checking my, my vitals and my liver like they were supposed to. And I went into this toxic poisoning and unconscious. And so now I'm, I've sold my business because of all what the, the, the crash. And, and here I am sick, really bad sick. So I'm recovering from this, this disaster in oh five. So we fast forward to oh six. In about October of oh six, I had gotten a better enough that my dad convinced me to get out and try to, to work and remember I'd lost everything, everything.


We were living in a 8,000 square foot home on a golf course with a pool Outback. 20 years we were doing great. And now I'm living in a mobile home and I'm having to apply for free lunch for my kids. Oh wow. Yeah. Wow. So you really ate it.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. What are some of your relationship Green flags? Maybe it's when your partner thoughtfully listens or anticipate your needs. We often hear about the red flags we should avoid. But what if we focus more on looking for the green flags and friends and partners? If you're not sure what they look like, therapy can help you identify green flags, actively practice them in your relationships and embody them yourself. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form two-way relationships. Therapy with Better Help can teach you positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Discover your relationship, green Flags with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/ss to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE lp.com/ss.


Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses. That's right. More than 40 free online courses. Learn about the works of CS Lewis, the stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College's free online courses. I've talked pretty openly about my return to faith on the show in Hillsdale. Offers some incredible courses to help discover the Bible's profound lessons about fatherhood, the nature of sin, and the consequences of sin on both a family and a nation. Their online courses are self-paced, so you can start whenever and wherever. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/srs to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/ss.


All admitted


before Shopify running my business was tough, figuring out how to market and sell products, fulfill orders, keep track of shipping and transaction records. Not to mention creating a website. Shopify made all of that super easy. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And the not so secret, secret shop pay can boost conversions up to 50%, meaning way less cart going abandoned, and way more sales going through. If you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better. Be ready to sell wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between businesses that sell more. Sell on Shopify, upgrade your business and get the same checkout we used with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month for three month trial period at shopify.com/ss. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/ss to upgrade your selling today, shopify.com/ss.


So I had looked after a house for, for dad for four, about four months late 2006. And it was, it was, it was finished up just before Christmas, but we had a, a punch list to do. So we all came back. And then right after the first ju July, the first, I mean January the first, they, the crew went back down to the coast to, to do the punch list. And I told 'em, I'm not coming, just bring a check when you get done. So on the, the seventh, January the eighth of that year, they called me.


We had finished, we got it all signed off And we got your check. So I said, we'll bring it on to the house and give it to dad and he'll pay you. And so they got their checks about one or two o'clock or 1230 or one o'clock, they went to town and cashed 'em and come back and called me and said, Hey boss, let's celebrate. Would you take us fishing? And I knew what that meant because these guys were just construction workers there. Work with my dad for years and years. But when they wanted to go fishing, that meant I had only four wheel drive truck and where they wanted to go, we had to go down in the woods to a river bottom right.


And this, this is gnarly going down in there. So I said, yeah, why not? Chris Jenner was at home. My wife was outta town with the other three children. And so about two 30 in the day they came back, we loaded up the fishing gear and took off to the river only three miles away. So we pulled up parked, and if I can give you an idea of where we were, the Cape Fear River is, it's not a big river, it's only like 60 yards wide where we were. And the, the main road, when you, If you come up on a big field on the left, there's a two road that crosses this field.


It's 200 yards across to the wood line. When you get to the wood line, there's a gate and it goes downhill a hundred feet to the river by the eighth of a mile. And then you make a right and you end up in a cul-de-sac, another eighth of a mile. It's important, I tell you this. So you get what, what happened? So we're now sitting on the river bank parked about two 30 or a quarter to three. And I wasn't in the deficient, my mind wasn't in deficient at all. In fact, I was struggling with everything. My thoughts, I'm broke. How can I support my children?


I'm 46 years old, I have this disease that's killing me. You know, just Crohn's disease was, is a, is a terrible thing. And, and so that's where my brain was. While these guys were excited and Chris Jr. They, I, I made sure they were sitting on the bank and everything's taken care of. 'cause in my mind, I'm gonna walk away and go meditate in the forest somewhere. And so once they started fishing, I said, I'm gonna walk down in the cul-de-sac to, to, it's About a acre of grassy area or this round, a round acre is where that road dead end. And then the very back of it is where I had walked down in, along the river to a gully and I sat beside a tree till about four o'clock and it got very dark.


Not letting these guys know what I was thinking, right? That I'm depressed and I'm thinking very bad thoughts, struggling with, you know, how am I gonna make it, how I'm gonna support my kids? And about four or 10 after four, it started getting the sun going down, which about five 30 in January, the sun sets right? And so I made my way back out of the woods 'cause the canopy had made it dark. I didn't have a flashlight. I walked right up to these guys and they were my son Christian. And these men, they're grown men, you know, they're running crews, have families. And I said, you guys wanna fish some more?


You want to go home? And I, well, we just got here boss, we wanna fish. I said, well, it's gonna get cold tonight. Let's get a fire going. So we went around that acre, all of us, And we gathered up all the deadwood we could find and got a fire going right on the riverbank. And it was about 10 after five now. And I said, we had a hen of daylight still. You could see the, you know, just blue sky still. I said, I'm gonna walk up to the gate and I'm going the opposite direction to where we came in. And I'm gonna sit at the gate by the field and I'm gonna watch for deer, coyote, Turkey. So I was born and raised a hunter and I was big into hunting, hunted all over the country from Montana to, to Texas.


And shot my first deer at five years old. Was shot point blank in the back with a shotgun at 10. Little hole in me this big right in my shoulder. Here I have lead, you can see on this side there. That was another near death experience when I was 10. And so I left them walking. I look back and they're sitting there by the fire. And I, I felt like they're taking care of, I'm going to keep walking. So all I'm doing, Sean is crying out to the heaven and help me. What do I do? Give me the answers. And I was a spiritual God then in the church. And I'm praying as I'm going along.


And when I got within, here's the weird thing, I I was just part of the way down parallel in the river when I heard something in the woods beside me. I thought it was a deer to start with. And so I stopped and I'm looking, trying to look through this thick brush and couldn't see anything. So I walked some more. And when I started walking, it started walking, scared me then. And I don't ever get scared in the woods. I mean, I I, I'm in the Boone and Crockett record book for shooting one of the biggest black bears in this, in North America. Back then, it was one of the records, 660 pounds.


And I shot him from six foot away. I mean, that's how you know, I wasn't afraid then. It was too quick to be afraid. He'd come out at, at me. And, but I got afraid. So then this sound started sounding like two feet. And so I stopped and I got down on my knees and I looked under the brush. 'cause along the edges it's really thick. Once you get in the woods, it'll open up right because of the tree canopy. Never could see what that was. Three times it, it had me to stop and to get down to see what was that track in me. So when I got to the curve or to the, to the, to the point where the road turned west and started up the hill, the sound stopped.


And I'm looking up at a sky that I thought the sun was still about the top of the trees or so on. But I couldn't tell because I'm looking uphill at that, a metal gate, cattle gate at the top of that hill. And it's a long haul up there, About a hundred feet to go up. And it's ruts, muddy, ruts and grass. You know, some places knee high. So I'm having to watch every step and it's starting to get dark. And the closer I got to the top of that hill, I'm not hearing this in the woods beside me now. And I wanted to tell you that 'cause it'll come back in the picture here in a second.


I got about 30 feet from the top of that hill and I began to see what I thought was the sun, the top of it, just the very top of it. And I walked over the horizon. Yeah, over just, you know, I got a gate, I'm looking up at a gate, a metal gate. The road goes up and I could see the sun just barely above that gate. And the top of the trees, which I, for the first, when I first glanced at, I didn't think much about it. I looked down to take another step because I didn't wanna walk in the mud. And about three more steps up the hill there it was in full view. And it was this blood red tangerine, orange ball of fire about 40 or 50 feet around.


And I was like, oh my god, what is that? I could see the flames going around it. And the tips were shooting off. This thing's huge, like big. And it's only 300 yards away. It's just beyond the road. And just at the top of the trees and sitting there. And it kind of frightened me a second, but I'm curious. I walked up two more steps. And when I did, now my, my field of views gotten wider. 'cause I don't have the trees of the road. You know, I'm looking up the chute now I can see more. And there's a second one right beside it. And that's when chills came over me. So you want, I couldn't explain it.


I dropped to my knees. 'cause by doing that, I'm using the heel to hide from them. So I had raised my head up and I could see they were there. And I'm sitting here on the ground thinking, what in the world is this? I knew it wasn't nothing from this world or from the military, you know, I'm trained in, in, in that. In fact, I have military manuals that were given to me for, you know, they used to get you to train on different types of aircraft from Russian to so that in my world of aviation. So I automatically knew what I'm looking at. Wasn't a helicopter, it wasn't something of ours.


So I'm hiding there and I crawl over to the ditch into these reeds. You know, reeds are growing wetlands. And so I'm peeking through these reeds thinking I'm hiding from what I'm seeing, not realizing they'd see me. And I start making my decision to run. I gotta run. 'cause I'm thinking about Chris Junior back behind me, down the hill that I've gotten frightened. I sit there long enough that it, it really frightened me bad. So I made a plan to run and I turned my body and I'm sitting on the ground and my knees hiding, right?


So I raised up and I turned my body to run. I'm in the motion to run. And I look back one more time, I gotta see what's up there. And when I did straight above me, the third one appeared and went shot right down beside the other two. And I knew then, I knew it saw me. I knew I was on its radar. And that's a different feeling. You know, somebody could see a ball of light fly by. Oh my god, I saw a UFO and that does something to you. But when you see it and it responds to you and it's it the way that did, I knew I felt like a rat, a lab rat or, or I was, you know, I'm in trouble.


So I last, the next thing I know, I'm about 50 yards from the fire and I'm kind of walking through this mud and I have no recollection of what happened coming down that hill. All I could remember the last 50 yards of it, going up to the fire. These three men are standing there around the fire. They're no longer fishing fires burned down to a little small fire. And then they're looking down talking. They couldn't see me coming 'cause I didn't have a flashlight. And I'm coming out of the dark. I could see them from the fire. And I snuck up on them and I said, Hey guys, you won't believe what just happened.


And the first thing one said, where, and they, and I, I'm not gonna use the now the words they used, but where have you been? I said, I was just up at the hill. What do you mean? I told you I was going up to the field. They said, you've been going all night. I said, no, I haven't. I've been going 20 minutes and we're arguing this. And I noticed Chris Junior's not there. And I told you won't believe what I just saw up top of the hill, these three balls of fire. Then immediately, where's Chris Jr? Well he went looking for you two hours ago And we can't find him now. He walked into the cul-de-sac and to the far into the cul-de-sac where you'd gone earlier that day searching for you.


And I panicked, oh my god, these woods are huge. You know, 60 miles to to Wilmington from where we are and have nothing but forest along that river. And all I could think is he's lost in there 17 years old, no flashlight. And they're telling me that one stayed at the fire while the other two took my truck. And they even pointed out my truck had been moved from where I parked it. They said, we've been everywhere looking for you all night. And so I immediately took off running to the back of that cul-de-sac shouting for junior. I was worried about what happened to me up there. I was freaked, right?


And, and here's my son missing. And I started making my way into the woods. And around the edges of any field, especially where we live, it is real thick because it's just shrubbery, right? Same. And so I'm parting this stuff and I'm calling out for Chris Turner and I get about 10 feet in there and I hear him, he wasn't answering me until I walked right up, almost stepped on him. And he come up out of these bushes and he grabbed me and he's, and he's weeping. This is your son? Yeah, It's, it's traumatic because, because of the struggle he had.


And it wasn't because of that so much, it was after, right? It was a lot of trouble after that that he went through. And we'll talk more about that in a second. But, you know, to see her son in shock eyes like this shaking. So he's like, why did you leave me? What was your initial thought? I didn't. When you saw your son like that, what did you think, think happened? I, I was freaking out. I didn't want to tell him what had happened to me. 'cause he's talking out of his, he's, he's saying things like, these creatures Dad, these creatures, why did you leave me?


Why did you leave me? I said, I didn't leave your son. I've been gone for 20 minutes. He's no daddy. You've been gone all night. And how old was he at the time? 17. This is a baby, you know, babies at that age. And, and so he began to tell me, I grabbed him. All he wanted to do was go home. He wanted to go home. He didn't want no more. What happened to him. And so what he happened was where he was at the back of that cul-de-sac, he could see all the way down parallel the river to the end where I made the turn and started up the hill. So it's a quarter mile, he could see all the way down.


And he's over there on the edge of the forest, calling out from me while they're driving the truck. One guy sitting at the fire. And the, and the fire is between, you know, he's got to walk toward the, you know, toward what he saw coming to get to the fire. So he sees these two red lights cross the road and he thought they were flashlights like military. They used to have, I used to have a military flashlight that had a red on it, right? And you remember those? And so that was his first thought. There were, there were somebody's walking with these red flashlights. So they crossed the road over to the riverside, disappear.


She takes off and he runs back to the fire. And he tells these guys about these two lights he saw. And then he turns and he goes back to the back of that cul-de-sac, still calling from me. And about that time, these two red lights come back out of the riverside, back out in the road. And they start towards them. Now these two balls of light, they look like this big. And they're floating three feet off the ground coming all the way down that road. And as they got closer to him, he got scared and he started hiding. So he laid down on his stomach and crawled up under back up under the thickest rubs.


And they came up within 20 feet of him. And what he saw were these two little glowing beings that were yay high, probably three, two and a half, three feet tall. And they had these bright red eyes. And the whole time one was staring at him. He couldn't shout, he couldn't move. He, he was in such terror, he was frozen. And I don't know if they had the power to keep him from, he thought that they had that power over him. As long as they were looking at him, he couldn't speak. So he was gone a total of two hours. And he, I don't know how long exactly he was there with these, these little beans walking around him.


But it really, it put him in job. And so I led him back to the fire. And these guys were freaked out too because they had heard the, you know, what happened? They didn't know what happened. They knew that I'd been going all night and juniors talking about creatures. And I'm talking about balls of fire at the top of the hill. So this then is starting to get spooked real bad. And one of the guys looks up and points, oh, look at that. And we all look up and it looked like the brightest star Venus in the night sky when it's just as brightest. It was the eight or nine of these just appeared.


And they just came on and they went out away from one another. And they came back in a circle and they made this big circle and they were putting on a shove. And then three of these things came all the way down and landed across the river, 60 yards to the other side of that river. They were up on the other side of it in a cut down. It had timbered the place out. So you can imagine pandemonium set in at that moment. We left out of there with fishing poles still there, coolers, everything we brought, we didn't even wait to, to touch it. And we jumped in that truck and I'm taking off up to this muddy road and one of the guys is beating on the back of my seat saying, go, go, go.


And there's this red ball of light coming up behind us, following the truck. So undoubtedly it came outta the back of that cul-de-sac still in there and was coming up behind the truck. They were screaming to the top of their lungs. But weird thing is Sean, I was like numb to it. I wasn't afraid. I'd lost all fear from where I was when it appeared on the top of that hill to now I'm not afraid. So we make the turn And we start up that hill. And I'm going so hard with that Ford truck up that hill and it's walling in the ruts. And you know, the shrubs on either side of bush brushing the mirrors that's down in the swamp.


And when I crossed the top of that hill, that gate, it was almost like I liken it to an old streets of San Francisco, maybe where the cars would jump when they go over to hills. We almost went airborne. That's how fast we were trying to depart that place. But when we topped that hill, those three orange ORs, two of them were still in the exact same spot. Now, are you serious? Yeah. Now we got three 40 foot balls of white light on the riverbank behind us. And something, an orb, which I know what it was, it was one of those beings, her eyes from a distance looked like a little ball of light. You can't really tell. And so now we're faced with two 40 foot balls of fire, 300 yards and about 200 feet in the air in front.


And the third one is the one that took me, that's the one that appeared above me and shot down that thing now is sitting in the road and it's halfway between us and the highway. So it's a hundred, 150 yards away. And when I went over that hill, I slammed on brakes because of that. It's sitting there, it looks like a football now, it's going white. It changed from red to white and it's sitting sideways in the road, just hovering about five feet off the ground and it looks like a, an egg or a football. And about that time we heard gunshots And we all heard 'em And we thought immediately one of these country boys had pulled out the shotgun and they're shooting at this thing.


So it just pivots and it starts towards us. It's coming down the road at us, five feet off the ground. Then it starts up. But on the back, back one second before we heard the gunshots, there's this mobile home in the back of that field and there were two cars there. And one of the guys with me says, I know who that is, that's Shane. He, he's play I play softball with him. So let's go to his house. Nobody had a phone. I didn't have a cell phone. I couldn't afford one. Nobody had one. And we just wanted somebody to see this with us, right? So I drove across the ditch up in this man's yard, pulled my truck right up to his front door, and the storm door's open.


I mean, it's closed, but the front door's open so we could see the TV playing through the door. Two cars in the yard and one of the guys gets out, knocks on the door, nobody answers. And I even blew the horn. My trucks, you know, six feet from the front door, headlights blurring in. And I'm looking back through the window and this thing sitting in the road behind us, right? 'cause the mobile home was facing the way out. And we had turned up to the door and that orb was stood. I mean this football was still there, a hundred, 150 yards, nobody answers. So I back, back out and I pull back out in the road.


Now I'm about 40 or 50 yards closer to this thing because we had to go forward to get to this mobile home. About that time, the three gunshots happen. And then it starts and it comes and it comes. And when it gets to my truck, I open the sun roof on it and it crossed over the top of my truck and it was probably 60 feet up. I could have shot it with a homemade slingshot. And, and, and it hit this thing no sound, just glowing white light that was doing this. Did it Look solid or did it look kind of translucent? It looked, once it got that close to us, it looked almost, it was blinding from the light, but at a distance it looked like an egg.


It's, it is hard to tell. It was translucent 'cause the light coming off of the thing. But it, it was definitely shifted from a red ball of fire to a football or an egg or a tic-tac. And I'll tell you how I got involved with government because when I reported that thing, I'll tell that in a minute. So here, this thing comes over my truck, right? When it got above, was It passing through things or was it moving around things? It moved up and over a tree in front of me. There was a Okay trees. So it wasn't like it was passing through no trees or trucks or Although they do any, they do that.


So it was doing both. Oh, this one, it came down the road and it was one tree between us and it to the side. It went up and over it. And when it came over the truck, it cleared the trees behind me. It was solid standing of woods behind me. So it had to have been about 80 feet at the most to clear them trees. And then it turned, it pivoted and shot off to the north. So I had to gasp. And now I'm flying out of there. And these guys, there just the end of the world, we've been invaded. Where's the military? Where's Fort Bragg? Get me home so I can see my wife. Before this was over, I mean, it was just drastic.


Now I'm no longer afraid. I I wasn't afraid. Like they were, they were all terrified. So I'm sitting back kind of now I'm watching this take place. I wanted to get out the truck and look at it. You know, they're having nothing to do with that. So we take off And we start toward dropping these guys off. One of 'em lived, or two of 'em lived side by side about two and a half miles away. The other one lived about six miles away, seven miles. They were fighting who got to go home first so bad that the, this guy that lived seven miles away went out. So we had to drive to him, drop him off, and turn around and come back to drop the other two off.


Right? But on the way we had orbs, balls of light tracking us alongside the truck crossing over in front of us. And one of the most, this, these kinds of details I'm gonna tell you now, all played a major part in my understanding of what was going on. Because halfway there, between where we were and, and the home of the first two guys, two and a half miles, right? Halfway, there is a dead man's curve. I mean, it's a sharp curve. It's like If you go through it at 35, you, you are having a, a hard time.


Your car just, you, you could lose it real easy. In fact, my first wife was killed there in that curve and I found her. What do you mean you found her? It was a weird thing you found her that night. No, bef I'm gonna tell you, in 1981 or 2 82, we'd been married 11 months and 28 days. So we had two days before our wedding anniversary and I had gone deer hunting to the coast with my dad. And we were hunting islands with dogs, right?


And my neighbor friend growing up, we had a hunting club out in the middle of nowhere on 4,000 acres of land. Dad had it for 25 years and that's where all the young kids would go and party on Friday night or Saturday night, they'd have a keg party or whatever. And I'd go and hunting and they all called me, you gotta come to the party. And so my wife said, I'll meet you there. She went to the party. I got home about eight o'clock from the coast, got dressed and took off down to the party and she had left the party and went through that curve too fast and rode in and into somebody's front


yard. You guys know, my wife and I are always looking for ways to improve our sleep. We just started using cozy earth's, bamboo sheets and they're already making a difference between work, travel, the kids, and everything life throws at us. Knowing we'll have a comfortable bed to come home to is a huge relief. If you're looking to make your home an escape from the outside world's demands and surprise, your valentine cozy Earth's sheets would make a great gift. Guys, listen up. I'm not joking. My wife loves these sheets. She's been raving about 'em for months now. Visit cozy earth.com/ss to get up to 40% off. Cozy Earth prides itself on the responsible production of all products. Plus cozy earth's bedding products have a 100 night sleep trial and a 10 year warranty. So there's no reason not to try them. Skip the candy. Surprise your wife or your girlfriend with Cozy Earth, they deserve it. Head to cozy earth.com/ssn. Now to get up to 40% off, that's cozy earth.com/ss. And don't forget, if you're asked in a post-purchase survey, let them know you heard about Cozy Earth right here on the Shawn Ryan Show. Once again, your ladies are gonna love it


At Sierra. Discover great deals on top brand workout gear, like high quality bikes, which might lead to another discovery. Oh, oh, getting back in the saddle isn't always comfortable. Good news is Sierra has massage guns, ah, and Shae wipes too. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


And I saw the car laying on its side when I went by going to this party and the wheels were still turning. I didn't recognize the car. I got out and the people were in at the front door of their house, opened the door and looked out. Right when I walked up in the yard, they heard it. So I was there within 60 seconds of it happened. And I said, If you seen the person driving this car? And I said, no. I said, you better call 9 1 1. It looks pretty bad. And I'd envisioned whoever was in that car, 'cause the car's laying on its side and the wheels are still turning the motor's running. Nobody's in the car. All the windows broke out. So I walked back toward the highway and that's where I found her.


Had no clue. Oh man. And she died right there. Me opener. And so I lived a long time stressed over that. Never could get over it. You know her, you know, I should have been there, you know, it was my fault. And so I lived with that. Well, that night coming home from the river, what was your wife's name? It was Dana. And, and that, that whole incident on the river on the way home, we approaching that dead man's curb right over the spot where she was killed is this big thing hovering right over top.


I slammed on brakes. I saw it immediately where it was. And, and I wanted to get out and, and look at it up under it. I mean, it was right above us. It was just above this big high tension power line. Well, they were fighting me bad. They're not having none of this. And but what I wanted to say was that, that at that moment it spoke to me telepathically or whatever, and said, you need to not worry about her. She's in, she's in good hands. And so I take these guys on home, right?


I never told them this. What happened? I only wrote about it years later. But that's when I got peace from the whole incident. After 15 or 25, 30 years, or 20 years at least. I can't do the math. It was in 2007. We married in 82. I finally got peace from that. Everybody's terrorized by UFOs, orbs, fire lights. And I'm thinking about this. Relief from what? So I'm in a different world from them now, right? And I still, what happened to me, I had no clue what happened for four hours.


Couldn't believe it. So I dropped these guys off, Christian and I head back home. Now he's, I'm worried about him. He's panicked. He's going through the house, locking it down every room. He'd close the door and lock even the bathroom and he'd turn the lights on around, run up, shut the blind, turn all the lights and lock the door. I'm in my study looking on TV to try to find news. You know, there's an invasion happening. And we just knew this and it was crickets. I couldn't find anything. So Junior finally comes to the room and says, have you found anything? I said, no, son. And then about that time we hear something come over the house with its humming noise.


I thought it was the helicopter. 'cause it was coming from Bragg's direction, which is only, you know, 20, 15 miles from me. From the base, 20 miles. And it's heading exactly towards the river. And suddenly every once it goes outta hearing, every dog in our kennel started barking. Now, my dad raised dogs all his life. He had a hundred at the time when I'm growing up. And even then he had 15 hounds in that kennel. And they're all these old hounds. Got a loud mouth right in there, barking as loud as they can. And the, what it sounded like was they were afraid. You know, dogs can bark different sounds and you can, anybody knows hunting knows what a dog's saying.


I knew they was scared. They were seeing something. They didn't know what it was. I said, junior, only thing I could think of is where dad's kennel was, is in the forest behind his house, back in the head of woods. And he had a double car, separate garage next to the kennel so the dogs could see the kennel. I thought somebody had come from the road and was breaking into his shop. And the dog saw. And that was what was going on in my head. And Junior was like, we're not going out there. I said, dad, I said, junior, we'll use a flash. We won't use a flashlight. We'll sneak down in there. And, And we used Rosie. I had 110 pound Chesapeake Bay retriever sitting on the back steps.


And her hair was standing up. She's watching towards the kennel in the woods and this awful racket, right? And I finally convinced him to, to go with me or stay whichever he wanted. And he, he was scared to be by himself. So he grabbed me by the back of the shirt, and I'm walking real slow. I walked out the door and Rosie took off toward the kennel, ran outta sight. We walked across the lawn to a two rope road, went down in the woods, got to the back of that kennel, and now all these dogs, and imagine they're very loud. And we're standing there looking at 15 hounds in a kennel, barking as hard as they can towards the woods in the back.


Oh, this is weird. These dogs should be looking toward a grass. And I'm whispering to Jenner and Rosie's right there in front of us, pointing in the woods. Her hair's standing up, barking every breath. I said, Jenner, I said, it must be a bear. Dogs not scared or deer, but they will do this on a bear. Sometimes the descent is, is is, it gets scared. So I said, I'm gonna put Rosie in on, on whatever's in there and she'll run 'em out. We're gonna run back to the yard, go to the back of the property. We made a plan and we're gonna hide behind this giant oak tree and, and hope we can cut her off before she runs through.


So soon as I bumped her on the butt, she jumped in the woods and Jen and I took off running. We had to go to the end of that road, make a left on the yard and go to about 400 feet, 500 feet. It was a big yard, six acres there to cut whatever's in there off. And I just knew it would be a bear or a deer or something. So when I made the left turn, it was, the grass was a little, now we got frost, right? It was cold that night. You're talking about 11 o'clock now. He pulled a loose from me. So I thought I had just pulled away from him when I slipped a little bit. But what happened was, he had had enough, he took a right, went back to the house, he's in the back.


I didn't know that though. Now I'm running to the back hard as I can. Ran up to this big tree. And I ran so hard. I was trying to be quiet and I'm trying to catch my breath. So I'm panting trying to be quiet with her, right? And I, I stopped myself against the tree. And so I turned around after About a few seconds of stopping and panting dog's coming straight at me. He's coming through the forest. And I looked back to see if Chris Turner was going to come up. And when I did, that was a little, it's the same thing he described on the river. This little glowing bean about yay tall with a glowing red eyes.


And it was glowing, the color of the moon. It looked like a child. It looked like a 4-year-old child, about that size. Didn't look like a gray alien or none of that. What people report. It looked like a, a glowing little child. But the details shiny. This thing was glassy. It was gleamy. The, the body looked like it had glass on it. And about that time when I, I turned back and saw it, it, it frightened me so bad that my hair stood up. Every cell of my body went, oh my God, I'm dead. So I went toward the trees to turn around instead of where I was standing.


'cause I didn't wanna get no closer to it. So I leaned into the tree and I turned and put my back to the tree. And I said, I surrender. I'm, I don't mean you harm. And it said to me, in this thunderous voice, it says, you don't understand. I'm not here to hurt you. We're here to help you. About that time, Rosie comes on through and this thing vanishes in front of me. Didn't see it anymore. I walked up to the house trying to figure out why it just happened and how not to tell Chris Jr what I had just seen. 'cause he didn't want that around him any longer. And next morning when I get up, about 10 o'clock that day, I hadn't had my medication.


And I had been taking medication for 17 years for Crohn's. And if I missed it one day, it was, it was suffer time. Yeah. I take it every day. If I missed it day, if the next three days, my system would get outta whack. And it was more restroom. Right. And I didn't feel the normal sickness that I normally have. I didn't feel the, the nausea. I didn't feel any of it. And I thought, this is weird. You know, I've been living with this every day and now I don't feel it. And from that point forward, I never had another symptoms of Crohn's disease. It was completely gone. I've been to, to Chapel Hill University.


I've had specialists check me out from top to bottom. And the, there is no marker for Crohn's to being there. And see, I come down with rheumatoid years later, 2009. And, and I've been treated since then for rheumatoid arthritis. And they thought it was the Crohn's that had come back, but it wasn't, the Crohn's didn't come back as rheumatoid. There was no marker there. Ra was a different story. But long story short, that was the, the end of the, the January 7th initial encounter, walking back to that house and trying to get my son settled down from the shock that he'd been through.


Now I'm kind, I'm in shock, basically myself. But not because of seeing this stuff and trying to, to, to, to process it. It is just, it's not natural. It's not normal. What was your first conversation with your son afterwards? I told him, I said, son, I said, I believe they're angels. He said, no daddy. They, they have to be a dad. He couldn't even get it out. They, they were, they were demonic entities. I said, no, they weren't son, they were angels. They healed me. So we battled that for months.


And here's the thing, it never left me. I mean, it never left. And to this day, it is still with me. And I mean stronger today than it was back then. This is why the government has studied me. They've studied me more than any human in existence from D-I-A-C-I-A-D-O-D, the Ministry of Defense in England, CIA Jim Simva wrote the forward to my book. He's the director of operations for the CIA. John Alexander wrote the, the, the forward or introduction they both shared and right.


So we went through the longest time trying to convince him I did that it was positive, and he, he got worse for him because from that point forward, this is where I want to say, if I could say this word, this is where hell set in for me, because I'm telling everybody, they put it in my head that night that I had to tell the world. So I compared myself to, to Richard Dreyfus on Close Encounters of the third kind, where he was making the mashed potato Devil's Tower on his table.


He could see it. And he was completely obsessed with, with this phenomena. And I was as well, all I wanted to do is tell everybody, well, that was the worst thing I did because now the church comes down on, you're playing with demons, it's gotta be demon. And it's like, no, it's not. Who was the first person you told? Probably my wife. She came home a couple days later, had been gone. And of course we had called her and all, but she goes and let me say her family or the, the, they brought the Pentecostal movement to North Carolina.


They went to California. They were at the Scissor Street. Her, you know, ancestors, they brought it back to Falcon, North Carolina built orphanage. So I had the weight of the whole conference on me, not just some local church down the street. So there was a lot of power there. And other churches took local churches. My mother, my very religious lady, all at that time, they all ama automatically resorted to us the devil. It's demonic, you know, and, and I'm saying, but they healed me and that that wasn't what I experienced.


And they got so bad that they tried to take my children from me. They wanted to divide my family. They were telling my kids that, that I'm playing with the devil. He's gonna ruin them children, somebody calls social services on me. I had to deal with that with the government to try to just to keep my kids right. And so, yeah, that started a really hard time. You Had mentioned that the third object that appeared seemed to know your thoughts. It does. It, it, now what Is that? What exactly does that mean?


These things can read your mind. They're connected to our thoughts. This is why, one thing I can promise you, if you're a God-fearing man and you know the Bible, one thing that the church knows is they always preach and you hear it all the time. Only God can read your thoughts. Only heaven. Not that the devil can't read your thoughts, right? So this is something, talk to all Christians from early on. You know, the devil can whisper in your ear, but he can't read your mind. Well, these, they read your mind and they know every, they're connected to us. They're connected to our thoughts. They know your heart, they know your intentions.


And somehow another Sean, they have the ability to stop the timeline to, to manifest things, to make things happen. And to, to, I've seen it a thousand times. People come to see the phenomenon with, I've been many as 75 with me at the time. And it'll appears. But there are certain people, if they're afraid or if they're, they're there's, if they're skeptical, that's they, I can tell you, skeptical people about this phenomenon will never see anything. They're left out.


Because if they know your free will, they don't want to, to change your, you know, go against your free, free will. But they, they, they can appear in a group of 50 people standing beside me. And that one skeptical person will look that way for one second and it'll appear in front of everybody else. I've seen it a thousand times. It knows how to, it knows where you're gonna look before you look Interesting. Yeah. Seriously. You had mentioned, I believe you had two near death experiences before this incident.


Yeah. What age? 10. 10. I was shot point blank with a shotgun. What was that? Near death experience? Well, I was, it was, it was New Year's day, 1972 after hunting season. Season had gone out at, on the 31st. And so it was fix the roads on Saturday and cook a hog. So we got all these men that's part of the club out repairing the roads and all the farm, right? And my grandfather and the farmer that owned the land was at the club tending to the hog on the cooker.


So myself at 10 and my best friend and my first cousin grabbed a shotgun, took off About a mile away, three quarters of a mile. We walked to the back of a corn field And we spread out And we were gonna shoot doves, right? It was dove seed. And this bird came over, my neighbor, he shot at it and missed it. Came right over and I shot it and it turned and it went away and landed in the woods. I knew I'd hit it. So I took off across the field, walking double barrel shotgun in my hand. And I walked up to the edge of the woods and I saw him in there in a pile of briers flipping fluttering around.


So I thought I better put a shell in my gun in case it gets up and flies away. So I've cracked that double barrel open. And I pulled two shells outta my coat and I put one in and dropped the other. Did not know that. My friend wanted to claim that he shot the bird right and ran across the field behind me. I didn't know he was there. Ran up right behind me. And when I reached over to pick that shell up, he was gonna shoot over me. He shoot that bird claim kids, when I stood up, it hit me right square in, right here in the shoulder, blew a hole this big. I have a scar that big on my back. Now imagine a 10-year-old. I was only this tall.


It felt like a sledgehammer hit me. It drove me about 10 feet forward and face down in the, in the forest. And the first thing I felt blood running everywhere. And I said, why did you shoot me? And now my cousin's coming across the field and they're fighting. They're screaming at one another. Go get help. He's my cousin. I'm staying with him. He is my best friend. I'm almost there. And that's what they were doing. I'm laying there bleeding to death. And so the farmer heard them fighting and here he comes down that cornfield in an old pickup truck was blue and white Ford from the sixties.


And he runs in the woods, picks me up like a sack of potatoes and threw me in his truck haul. Took me to the hospital. Next thing I know, I'm up in space looking down from, from way up high. I could see the earth's getting smaller and smaller and smaller. And then I wake up and I'm in, I'm out of surgery and I'm in an x-ray room. Back then, I had so much lead in me from Birdshot that I still have 17 pieces in here. You can see it on this side, all in this shoulder in this front.


And I set the airport x-ray machine off. They'll pat me down most every time I go through because of that. But all I remember is, is seeing the earth from above and being outta my body in total peace. I wasn't cold, I wasn't afraid. I was just at a marvel of looking at all this. And then when I came back too, there's my mom looking through the wind of crying. What about the, what was the other one? You had too much medication for the Crohn's disease. Well, I'll tell you what they did. And, and this is in the book, there's a whole lot in this book I've not covered.


I've g lost over along about 2004. My Crohn's was so bad. I mean it was in bad shape. And I was in depression 'cause I had lost eight $19 million and, and savings and, and net worth gone. I've sold every apartment building or house. I had rentals, had a lot of 'em just to pay interest. And we sold the business to a really big builder from North Carolina that builds 1500 homes a year. And my doctor is treating me. He's like, you know, he would just hug me and cry with me.


'cause we'd been friends forever. And he said, I'm sorry for getting emotional here. Thinking back is is hard today. It's wonderful and joyful. It's a different world today. But those old memories are tough. But he said, look, there's a new study out. There's this antidepressant medicine called Paxil that's supposed to show help for Crohns because stomach problems are exacerbated from stress. The more you worry, the worse it gets. And I was so bad that my whole inside was inflamed and was very painful.


And so he puts me on Paxil and he tells me I should probably have somebody to talk to. So he sends me to a psychiatrist. Right? Never thought about anything like that. And I was embarrassed to go, but he convinced me, you need to do this. So I go to this psychiatrist and I thought it was odd when I walked into his room, he was smoking a cigarette and laughing, talking to me. And he only spent five minutes with me. He looks at my paperwork and what the doctor prescribed and he said, oh, you're on all the wrong stuff. He didn't take me off that he added more toy. He just added a couple prescriptions that said, take this and come back five days, or, you know, next week or seven days every week.


I had to go back once a week. And within 60 days I didn't know who I was. And I had gone into, I was unconscious. And what he did, he had put me on something called lithium. I didn't know what it was. I didn't know even what the scribble was. He didn't tell me that's what it was. He just wrote these prescriptions. And the thing when you take that, you're supposed to test your liver for metals and all your system, your organs can fail because of toxic metal poisoning. Well, that's what happened to me. I woke up in the hospital, I was laying on a stretcher completely covered from head to toe.


And I come up outta my body and I was at the ceiling and I could see down my wife sitting there, three doctors walked in the room and she was crying. And I never forget, I heard the doctor's name, which I won't say it now 'cause of his privacy. But the guy said, good evening doctor. This is the hundred 13th patient that this physician has injured or put in the hospital. Come to find out, the guy that was treating me had gone off the deep end and was taking his, taking medication himself. I don't know what he was taking, but he overdosed and died while I was in the hospital.


He put 113 patients of his in the hospital and overdosed and died. This happened, this is in the book. And you know why it's like getting shot. I didn't want that. I didn't ask for, it just happened. And now here it is. Somebody else's is poisoning me. Or it was always, it just seems like everything that's happened to me has been outta my hands. I mean, there's a lot in this book that I've been through from third degree burns, catching on fire. When I was two years old, I had big scars up my legs. So a brand new TransAm in 79 blew up 2000 miles in the radiator.


It overheated and the radiator exploded and put, put me in the hospital with third degree burns from my neck out to this arm. I had skin graft, a brand new car. So I thought all my life, something's trying to keep me from being here or keep me from doing something one day. So the near death experience was you witnessing the conversation between the doctor and your wife. Yes. Anything else? That's all I remember. It was, And then you were back in your Body. I'm back in my body and miserable now, you know, recovering and, Yeah. All right, Chris, well let's, let's take a, let's take a quick break Okay.


And then we'll move on to what happened afterwards. Okay. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. From streaming to shopping, prime helps you get more out of your passions. So whether you are a fan of true crime or prefer a nail biting novel from time to time with services like Prime Video, Amazon music, and fast free delivery Prime makes it easy to get more out of whatever you're into or getting into. Visit amazon.com/prime to learn more.


Welcome To Dwight Lotus in Thailand. It's a well in the center. You should get a facial. The lady in the airport thought you were my dad. My God. The Emmy Award-winning HBO original series returns. There has been More crime on the island. I'm little freaked out. What happens in Thailand stays in Thailand. Oh, what does that mean? It means we're not dead yet. Amen. Amen. A new season of the HBO original series, the White Lotus Premieres February 16th at 9:00 PM on max.


Alright, Chris, we just went into the event, right? And what happened there? Thank you for the very descriptive event. I was hoping, well, I guess I shouldn't say I was hoping, I was wondering if anything had happened in those near death experiences that might relate to this. But it doesn't sound like there was really anything that related to this. It all relates. It does, yes. It all relates to it. In fact, I believe that when I was 10 years old, when that happened to me, it was so traumatic. You know, I grew up with a gun in my hand, five years old. You know, it was just part of being where I was raised, you know, 10 years old, I'm carrying a gun and got shot.


So my whole life changed to, To a different perspective. Him. And, and I didn't realize it until this event happened in 2007. But I can look back and, and I write about this in the book. A lot of things had, in other words, I began to see after this doctor poisoned me. The second time, the weirdest thing happened. My family, all of 'em can tell you I would be sitting in my kitchen. And this is after, right after the, the thing in the hospital.


I was seeing things that my family couldn't see in my house. And I'd tell 'em, and they thought I was going nuts. They thought I was still on drugs. But I had completely gotten off all that. And I'm, as I'm, and it took a long time to get back to where I felt halfway normal. But I could see things. What things? Well, I could see this little being in the house, you walk by and I'd tell 'em, and they were filming me and they couldn't see it. So I know it opened something up on me who Was filming. Oh, my wife and kids would film me talking about what I'd see in the house. This, this little being, it would be about this tall, looked like gazoo, you might say, from Fred Flintstone.


Just he could hover in the house. And I began to wonder, am I going crazy? Am I seeing things? And Did it look human? Yeah, It sure did. Did you interact with Her? I did. I'd be talking to her, had a name, name, name for his, named Johnny, is what I called it. My kids would, they would laugh. They thought I was completely, but I'd just come outta the hospital too. And I was heavily medicated. But I knew that opened me up to the spiritual world, to the, to the other side. What would you interact with the being about? We'd have conversations. He was always watching over me, protecting me and my wife's like, who are you talking to?


I'd say, Do you remember any of the conversations specifically? Are there any conversations that stick out? Not in detail, other than it, I knew it was there watching over me. It wasn't a scary thing. It wasn't like it was there to harm anybody. It was there to, to get me through what had just happened. It was protecting me. What would the conversations be about? It was always positive about healing and reinforcement that I was gonna be all right. 'cause I'd just come through near death.


And that eventually faded away after a few months. And I stopped seeing it. But it was always there and it was very real to me. And it later showed up after the 2007 incident. This was in oh four and oh five, in oh seven when this thing happened. And I'll tell you something else too. This was really weird. In oh five, we, we were forced to move because we'd sold out and lost everything. Moving from a big house to a mobile home. We were having Thanksgiving dinner at my mom's. We built the new house or the mobile home.


We restored it. It was an old one I had as a rental property. I moved it on their lot next door out in the country beside mom and dad. It was Thanksgiving day night. And our whole family was there from sisters to everybody. Right. And I guess it was nine o'clock at night, nine 30, a couple of the guys smoking went outside to smoke. And eventually I went outside to conversate And we looked right over the, where we were going to sit, the mobile home before we even put it there. There is a football field, long glowing cigar, maybe 200 feet above the lot, right over top of the trees.


And it was barely moving. And my kids, myself, my mother, all of us watched it. You could walk beside it. It was so slow. No, Sam. And it really didn't register with me at that time. But that was before the river event. So with the being, how would it converse back with you? It's, well, the first couple times was, I could hear it audible speaking, but it didn't move its mouth. It's like you could hear it. Was it English? Yeah. Very deep voice. Very loud. But now, today it's more telepathic. It's, it's, it's images.


It's, and we've proven that, that on television, on the history channel, that's my brain is communicating with this phenomenon. What, could you be a little more descriptive of what the being looked like? Yeah, it looked like a, like a 4-year-old child. A 4-year-old. 4-year-old. About like a three, 4-year-old little toddler. Not much more than three feet tall, glowing softly like the color of the moon with these and it red eyes. And it had a triangle shaped underneath it.


It was glowing, gleaming from head to toe. And it had this triangle on its chest right here. And that turned out to be a pretty big symbol for some people in the government. What, what is that symbol? Well, there's one right here from nasa. That's the triangle on that pen. Wonder how it got that they were the first ones to come. Wanting to know about that little being with the triangle on its chest. Interesting. Yeah. Did it wear clothing? It was gleaming so bright. It had something on, but it looked like the outer layer of it was just glossy, gleaming. Brilliant.


And there's a, there's a description that Daniel gave chapter 10 in the Bible where he describes an angelic being that his encounter. And he says that it was, his body was gleaming like topaz and it had torches, fire, red, glowing eyes. This is Daniel's description, straight outta the Bible. And it was given to me by scholars to read. Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. How many times, I mean, man, I've got a lot of questions. How many interactions a day would you have with this, With God?


Well, I would say today is more than ever today. It's gotten to where, let's say at that time, back then, after it happened, after the initial counter. And all my kids come home and I'm being told not to talk about it because it was scary. And it was, they had my wife believe it's demonic. And for a long time, which is understandable when you're raised in the church, you know, they all say this is demonic. Well, they don't know. They have no clue. Nobody does. I'm telling you, not even the poke, they don't know. Everybody imagines what's out there speculates until you see it and you interact with it, you're speculating, you, you're questioning.


But it immediately followed me home. And these orbs would appear a ball of light, flash and out steps, these shadowy figures. And they would walk through the house and walk through walls. It looked like a human, same size. And all this is, This is before, No, this is right after the event. 2007. Let's try to just, let's just keep it before the event for right now. Okay. And so did it have hair? I didn't see any hair. It, it just, it's just so much gleaming there.


It's hard to get the detail, the brightness of this thing standing four feet away, I could see its eyes. 'cause they were red, right? And they were glowing. And this triangle shape, I actually drew it and painted it in 2009. But there they did this little glowing, glowing little entities that, And these are the same type of eyes that you saw at the river? Yes, yes. That's what my son described. Now the being that I was telling you about when I come outta the hospital for a few months there, I kept seeing this little being.


It didn't have red eyes. It looked like a person, a little small person. But it floated about, Okay, that's what I was referencing. Right. So the, so Johnny, Johnny, he looked like a little person. Just a little. And he had a triangle. No, the one in the river that, that scared Chris Jr. In 2007, the one that night that I saw was, didn't look like Johnny. Johnny looked okay. Just Looked like a a just glowing so bright that the detail is, is hard to Describe. So I'm talking about Johnny, right? Johnny wa So Johnny was not glowing.


It, it looked like a little, let's see, a small person. But it didn't look. Could You differentiate between a regular 3-year-old, 4-year-old child? Yes. And this, Yes, because it seemed to be grown or an adult, but small. It spoke like an adult had interacted with me like an adult. But that didn't last long. This is after all this medication daughter put me on. So What, what did you think that was? I thought it was a guardian angel Right away. You thought it was a guardian angel? Yeah. And the entire family said that it was demonic. Not then.


They didn't say anything. They just were listening and filming. This was in oh five. What were they filming? Me? They were recording me. Interacting with Interacting. Yeah. So when the, can I have access to any of that film? I'd have to get my wife to dig it up. But yeah, she has a lot of stuff. She recorded all my kids after the event on the river. So what does that, what do those films look like? Does that look like you interacting with thin air? Well, Yes, probably some of 'em. Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah. Talk, I would love to get some of that footage if possible. In I will see Inserted. I'll see if she can do that.


How many, Ryan, sorry, you're on the, you're now on the Shawn Ryan Show. Have you seen these Films? Well, I was there. What, I mean, what did it look like? What does it look like to see your dad interacting with thin air? Well, I was 10 years old, so I understood it the way that my mother explained it to me, which was that he was, you know, going off the deep end. So I, we just thought it was funny. Like, oh, he's on medicine, he's Hallucinating An imaginary friend. And we, I, I don't know. I mean, I, you can't really understand what's happening when you're 10. So I just kind of laughed, you know, They all thought I was nuts and, and rightly I had been overmedicated and still, but that medication opened me up to something that two years later came out of the sky and took me.


We'll get there. Yeah. How, what about this being made you think that it was a guardian angel and that it had your best, best interest? The way it was talking to me, it was there, it'd tell me it was there to protect me. It was watching over me and that I was gonna be fine is, you know, I'd just come through a hard time and life. And I'm still sick. I'm still with Crohns. I'm still really bad shape. And, and then you got shot with basically like shot with a gun with this medication and I'm still sick and now I've got this to deal with and yeah.


Medication. Did you ever try to make contact, like physically touch? I never did. You never did. 'cause it would be brief, it would appear and it won't be there long. It would be there, you know, just a little bit, a few seconds or long enough to me, maybe a minute. And then it was gone. It would just banish in front of me. And they all thought, and rightly so, that I had lost my mind and this just didn't happen. And this exacerbated the 2007, two years later when I come home talking about it, my wife's like, he's, he's still lost it. He's, he's not, he's he's gone crazy. And the whole community said he's crazy.


And then when everybody started experiencing it with me and the family, now it's demonic. It's really happening to this guy. But he's bringing the devil into his house. This is what, where it ended up. When did it disappear for good before the incident? Within six months, maybe late 2005 I'd say is when it ended. I didn't see it anymore. And then a year later, remember I'm on the river and that's when it come out the sky. And that's when it healed me. And it said, we're not here to hurt you. We're here to help you.


Did you respond to that? Yeah. What did you say? Well, I didn't really speak other than I surrender. I, I'm, I'm sorry, I don't mean you any harm. And it's telling me this in my head and I felt this greatest joy and the sense of relief that I understood now the more fear. And that's why immediately when I reported it, I knew it was these same angelic beings, but it didn't look like this little being I'd seen two years prior. But I related it all in the same thing. You know, there's a lot of different things that can appear around you.


It, it can appear any way it wants to. So after the incident, when you described this to your family, did they put two and two together that this has happened? Not this exact thing, but he's Well, yeah. That you had been in contact with some type of being before. Well, yeah. They thought I was, first off, they didn't wanna believe me. And now you have another family member, your son that just, who also experienced it. Yeah, It's corroborating it. And they still tried to think this can't be true. It just can't be true.


And that's what was making me so emotional about Chris Jr. He struggled so hard and he comes home telling what he saw and nobody wanted to believe him. They're just like, he's crazy like his dad, right? Yeah. I run an $18 million, $20 million a year company and I went through a terrible time with sickness and a doctor and I come out the other side, not now I'm crazy, right? This guy's crazy. And so the whole community basically started mocking my family. And this is after the oh seven incident. And it turned into five years of what I call in the book, five years of Darkness from 27 to 2012.


When that 2012 came, everything changed. Who who did you contact about this incident with afterwards? Well, I didn't for the first 10 months because of me, when I came home and I was told this immediately, my wife trying to, to keep peace in the family and her little whole world right now. Chris has come home telling this big tale and got junior telling it with him. And, and, and they, nobody wanted to believe it. My dad made fun. He must be on drugs, still on drugs, you know, and I was only on medication and the doctor gave me won't drinking alcohol, none of that.


And here, everybody started that. And then with a few months or weeks, my wife would take the kids out to see her mom or go to church. I wasn't going to church anymore. I'm at home in my study in complete depression. 'cause nobody believed me. What happened? And now nobody's believed in my son pushed us away from the church, but she would be in town coming home and kids running the door. Oh my god, dad, you won't believe what we saw on the way home. There was a big triangle thing in front of the car flying right down the in front of us, you know, following us home. So now my kids are coming home and I just sat back, not smile.


Thank you. Thank you Lord. 'cause I was praying every day, Lord let my family, let my children experience what I did. So at least they would believe me. And I'll never forget. And I'll tell you in a minute what my wife said. When the first investigator come, who, who did you call in October? This was in January when it happened, 10 months later, October I saw on the television a show called UFO Files. And there was this Stanton Freeman, a physicist on there, and he's talking about UFOs.


I'd never seen any of those shows. And it come across, report your sighting to MoveOn. So I quickly got their email address and I wrote 'em, what is Mo Fon stand for? It's a mutual UFO network. It's where it's a data, a investigation, okay. Thing that people report sightings to. And a pretty big outfit international, right? So that's the go-to. If you have a sighting, you go to, I had never heard of it until I saw it on tv. So I made the report and I was so afraid to send it that I didn't send it for two weeks. 'cause I just knew if I did, I'd lose my family because I was told never to talk about it again.


Well, I didn't know what happened to me for two, for four hours. If I tried to think about it, I'd, I would pass out that my family would see it If you started questioning me. And I tried to think I'd pass out. And so I sent it two weeks later. It was the 13th October. And immediately they wrote me back, oh, we want to talk to you. Well, I got scared. I said, nah, this is too real. Now I I don't wanna lose my family. So I told 'em, no, I just wanted to just to report it, but I don't want to interview. January comes along, they write me again, we're gonna close the case, but we really want to talk to you by then.


It's been a year now, I'm, I am I can't, I can't function. My head had some kind of block and, and I couldn't think at all. And so I said, okay. And in February they sent some, a guy from a local investigator from Raleigh, North Carolina. And he came in there and that's when my wife said, you ever heard of, what do you know about shadow being? And now we'd never talked about the UFO thing, but she'd been seeing these in the house and got shoved a couple times just to get her attention.


And I was praying every day, Lord let her see it. And she looked at me and said, don't ever pray for me like that again. So, but it was in the house, it was interacting with the kids orbs over the house outside. But I could never share it with anyone except my immediately family. And so at this point, the whole entire family is witnessing this. My whole family, my three, four children, my daughter, she was 10 years old then Ryan was 13. Jeremy, he was 15, Christian was 17. And Emily, she's the only girl. She's the baby. And now they're being told by the church, your dad is, is dealing with demons.


Well, and, and they didn't wanna believe it because they were seeing it with me. So it was, it was a horrible place to be when the whole community come down on us there. And it continued for five years. But what happened was the community didn't let up. The church didn't let up. And I don't mean just my wife's side, but my, all the churches around, even the original ones, the people were talking and the boys that were with me, their children were catching a fit. Let me back up.


In 2007, I reported it. 2008, the investigator come and immediately they saw me on doing a show on Discovery Channel. You gotta do it. We'll vindicate you, you do this show, everybody will believe you. So I agreed to it. I had to beg Junior to take participate. Well, they did their show. And immediately they set me up. They set me up to, they were coming to my house to do an interview and call me. Can you come to the hotel and sign all the paperwork and then we're gonna go from there. Well, when I got in that hotel, they had a guy from the FBI there with a lie detector thing set up and, and cameras pointing at it completely.


I did 34 questions for two hours. They just over and over and over. And then on the show, they called me, they said he was lying about seeing an entity. Now things got really bad, the whole community. And now the school, my children's school, they're being made fun of. Their dad's crazy. They're laughing at my kids. It nearly ruined my boys. They were all, you know, thinking girls dating. Now everybody's laughing at 'em in the hallways, calling them out in the school class and making them tell the stories. And so five years goes by of that of pure nightmare.


But NASA shows up, A friend from nasa, Dr. Hal Meyer, a friend, well, he's a friend. He's like a, he wasn't a friend then? No. Okay. I didn't know him. In fact, my son Ryan calls me Dad, there's somebody here from nasa, he wants to talk to you. I said, well, tell him, stick around. I'll be home About a hour, six foot five. Huge man. We were afraid of the government so bad because Muon and the UFO world said, the men in black was on tv, then they'll kill you. The government will kill you. Don't ever talk to, you know, different ones, the names they would use.


And so now we're terrified. The government's knocking on our door. He comes in and he became a father figure to my children. And he died in 2019. He'd been to my daughter's and my children's birthdays. He would come from Cape Canaveral all the way down to the piano recitals, their graduations, their birthdays, And we become best friends. And he's, they studied me. And about 2012, 13, another guy comes from this, what was the initial guy's name? Dr. Hal Meyer. He, he was at NASA 59 years when he died.


What were they studying? First off, he wanted to know about that little glowing be and with the triangle on his chest. And he first, when he first came his mission, he taught us my mission was to debunk you. So he came and, and initially met us. Then he left on his own. And we didn't know where you went back home, but he didn't, he was searching records from the sheriff's department to the FAA to knocking on every door in that community out there asking did you see something? And he found out that eight other people that night all witnessed it fly over their houses and stuff. One guy was 70 years old sitting on his front porch and it went 20 feet over his house.


And so Hal knew then that this was real. And he, he, he became like a father figure. He would come and entertain my kids more. And he would me, because they were, he is just that kind of guy. And so all throughout the five years after an event happened, Hal was the one, there, there were other military people calling from the Air Force, sending letters, wanting me to interview, want me to draw pictures and all this stuff. And I would just stay away from it.


I was still scared of how, I didn't know who this guy was yet, it was just five years into it. But we love my kids, loved him, but I'm still, you know, who is. And so in 2012, at Easter of 2012, this is when everything changed. This is really what got the US government knocking on my door. This is where, why I'm here today. 2012, Saturday night Easter. Sunday mornings Easter, right. Write at three o'clock in the morning. So it's actually Easter Sunday morning, three o'clock in the morning, I'm asleep in the bed, dead asleep.


That night before I had had all, I could stand and see my kids coming home crying and the whole community making fun of the family and my dad. And now they've been experiencing this stuff. They know it's happening. But they couldn't contest adults, right? They wouldn't call back. They knew better. But it was, it, it had really my little girl coming home crying from people picking on her. So I walked outside that night and I remember I had this desire to tell it to everybody. I had to tell it, it was like the Richard Dreyfus Close Encounters thing. So I walked outside that night at nine 30 and I looked up to Scott, I said, Thank you for ruining my life, my children.


I said, Thank you for healing me and proven to my family that you're real. But this life is worse off now for my whole family. I'm, I'm better physically, but now my family is in shambles all cause of me. And I shouted it to the heavens and, and I see these things. They're coming, you know, these orbs are always around. And I knew it heard me. I knew it was. So I went to bed three o'clock in the morning. I hear the same voice, the same little being that spoke to me and said, I'm here to help you not hurt you. I heard that same voice and it sounded like a man really deep.


And it said, arise. That's all heard that quick word arise. And it was so deep, it was like thunder in my room. I jumped up from laying in the bed dead asleep to sitting up in my bed and it's dark. I can't see. And there was three o'clock on my other back then we had a clock, alarm clock. And it said 3:00 AM Next thing I know, I see movement in the room. Whatever they did to me, they caused me to get dressed and fall out the door. Now I'm outside and I'm walking towards my dog kennel at three o'clock in the morning, fully dressed, closed from being asleep.


And suddenly this figure hands me something as far out as it sounds now I'm telling you, it sounds crazy. And it took me two weeks to tell it because I'm, they all live with me crazy. And, and I stopped talking about it. Now, five years later, this happens. And what happened was it handed me this object and it felt like a living creature, like a, like a squirrel maybe or, or something that size. But I couldn't see or feel legs or a head. It felt just like a tube but furry. And it kind of prickly and said, and handed it to me and said, you, you must keep this immediately.


I drop it because I know what it was. And it was prickly. And this words came again, no, you must pick this up. You must keep this. So I reached down to pick it up. When I did this bean that was standing there is now gone. And I'm at the dog kennel. So I'm juggling it in my hand. I know I need to see what this thing is. It's dark. So other than the kennel put it in and closed the door. And the very second I did that, it's blasted air come directed. It wasn't in the woods and around us. It was right straight in front of me. A blast air hits me and blew me over the wind.


Later on I understood the Holy Spirit. The word spirit means the wind, the Holy Spirit means the breath of God. So I had to put this in there, but it was the wind, a physical force blew me over. And as I hit backwards on the ground, I saw what appeared to be a translucent cow, a bull run over me, and I could see stars inside of it, up through it. That's what they had handed you? Well, what they handed me, I put in the kennel when I locked the door or closed the door. Now a blast of air next to the woods hits me. And out of that wind, when the wind hit me and blew me over with that wind was a translucent cow or bull, A big one.


Okay. Went over me. And it didn't hurt me, but I could see it clearly. I could see the stars inside. This is really strange because I just, It's definitely strange. I'll get back to this in a minute, right, of something I just saw discovered with a guy that studies Egypt, Dr. Robert Grant. He discovered that bull inside the king's chamber. There's never been a inscription in that pyramid. Nowhere. So he goes inward, lidar. And there's that bull, celestial bull with stars inside of it. He and I just, just worked this thing out.


He, he'd, he'd seen it, he shared it with me. And when I told him what happened to me, he got some other clues out of that. But it was exactly what I saw. But now listen, when the bull went over, I land on my back and I'm getting up to run. So I roll over. Now I'm looking this way. And behind me, there's no cow anymore. There's a woman there, she's about three feet off the ground. She's glowing to this color of the moon. And there's a circle of light on the ground. And she looks at me and she says, you know why I'm here? And I knew I was crushed, basically because I'd had this overwhelming desire to tell the world what I'd seen.


And then that night I cursed at the heavens and said, I'm never doing that. I'll never speak again. And now she's like, you know why I'm here. This is your burden. You must bear. She said that. She said, if you'll tell this story, I'll always be with you. I'll allow you to share our presence with others and film us. So help me. I never had a picture of anything for the previous five years. Only inside the house. When people see this or out my my children now everybody's coming to the house and it appears overhead, it appears around us.


And it's greater today than it was then. And magic started happening. And when that word got out, then comes, this is government, they want to know about this lady. Let's, let's pause right there. I have questions. Okay, so the initial, what was, What, What was it that you were handed? I've, I've heard, I've been asked that a million times. I don't know. It was like a living creature. It was living, it was moving around. It was, but it had no head or legs. It felt like If you had a squirrel in your hand or a hedgehog that prickly, it felt like it was living, but it had no head or tail.


And I asked the lady what this was, and she taught me it was a sim it was symbolic of humanity had lost its direction and no head or no tail. It, it completely lost its direction and it vanished when I went back. You were right On the money with that. Yeah, Exactly. And she told me a lot of stuff that I never revealed. To this day, I haven't revealed a whole lot of it because I don't wanna sound like a prophet or any of that. I, I just don't, my goal is to share this story with everyone and, and share the phenomenon, which I have been able to do.


What, what did the figure look like that handed you the, the object? It was a shadowy being. Like a shadow being. So when you see these, you see this shadow of a human figure, but you can't really see the details. It's like a shadow. It's like a, a ghost you might say. And I have pictures of, I have pictures of, of these little beings and they look like ghosts. I have a pic, I have a video of one of these beings coming out of an orb flash in It. Can I see that video? Yeah. Yeah. I'll, I'll give you one. It's six foot tall, seven foot tall. And when it did that night, a young lady with me was healed from cancer.


Wow. This happened in 2015. But so What did the bull represent, do you think? I had no clue. Remember did You worked with, you worked with Robert Grant. Robert Grant is who I was with Les in at contact in the desert a couple months back. And Robert was showing the Oculus to me about what he had discovered in the pyramid. So he put these goggles on and he does his lidar and their biggest daylight is a bull on the side of the wall in the king's chamber. It only can see it what this technology has. And the stars are inside and above it is the helix of DNA.


And then on the sarcophagus in the king's chamber is the alpha and omega symbol. What do you think that represents It rep? Well, alpha and Omega is God, the beginning and the end. The bull is the, is the celestial bull. The, to me is to me, the lady that came to me is the Holy Spirit, the, the breath of God, the wind of the Virgin Mary of Hathor to Diana Prova. And every culture on every continent, they all have a mother figure.


All of them, including the Egyptians, they believe in the Trinity. They, when you read the Egyptian stuff, it was, in the beginning it was Pete Pitta was the father met was the mother. And then they had it changed to raw and then Hathor and then Horace sister, divine Trinity, they have a triad. I think that the, the lady, the women, the, the, the feminine was, was taken out of the, the equation by a bunch of men in 2000 years ago. And oppressed all the women kicked them out and said, you can't be in the church only, it's only, it's a boys club, right?


And so from that point forward, the women have been oppressed. They've made to wear things over their face and head. And, and even up in the sixties and seventies, me growing up, there was a great oppression on the women, but I just, that's my belief. And you know, it doesn't matter in Christianity or in any religion. None of us really know. So And so how did the, how did the, the government get involved and what is it, let me rephrase that. What is the, what is it that caught the government's attention? Okay, so now this happens at Easter of 2012 by, Let me, let me ask another que I'm sorry.


Okay. Do you think there's any significance to this happening on Easter? A hundred percent. And what is that? Well, you tell me what Easter means and It's the resurrection. Yeah. Every year, every year at Easter, either she comes back or some something miraculous. Happens every year at Easter, Every year since 20 12, 4 Years since then. Every year, including this year. And my son Ryan and his wife and my grandson, Teddy, of course, my wife was a little bit scared. So she turned her head and ran in the house. But we all got to experience it this year.


And he said, and exactly when I told them at eight 30, it's going up here. And we ran to the restaurant to eat and I'm fussing, And we gotta be home. We gotta be home by eight 30. And when we drove up in the yard, it was eight 30 when I opened the door, it appeared behind the car and here it calmed this big glowing, blew a white ball of light through the forest going in and out of the trees. It was approaching us. And my wife freaked out and ran in the house. But it's always something like that miraculous on Easter. And it just feeds more into my understanding of the phenomena, the whole thing. She's always comes in threes, not always, but it's, it is overwhelming.


Three is very meaningful in this three. And I thumbed it over and over three orbs, you know, together, they'll line up like a triangle. It'll apply through the sky in a triangle. I said, well, if I didn't, I'll give you a video of that. I have multiple videos of that. It's always showing that symbol of three. Now let's, what is it that caught the government's attention? So one of the things it did is in October of 20, no, 2013, I get a call from a professor in Wilmington about, he, he's a, a, a religious scholar, very famous.


She's written several books, and you'd probably know her if I said her name, Dr. Diana Paska. She lived hour and a half from me. And she was given 2000 reports by Muon to investigate why 2000 people reported angels, angelic beings. That year they were seeing these. Now you only ever hear about the bad stuff. You only ever hear about somebody being on a table with multiple instruments and all this stuff, you know, abduction to bad. But overwhelmingly, 95% of all of it people come away with angelic.


Their experiences is heaven. That's one of the things that you'll never hear about. But October, I walk outside, I was a smoker then I was watching TV with my wife. I paused the TV at nine 30. I said, I'm gonna go out and smoke. So I walked out on the back patio and she comes out a few minutes later and out in the back of our property, About a hundred yards back in the dark. All of a sudden we see barks come from the ground and go up in there. And she said, what's up with that tree? I said, I don't know, but I see it. And suddenly it, it rained for two days. Ground was wet, this tree erupts in the flames and goes shooting fire.


13, 14 feet up in the air, burnt a hole inside it, it burnt from the inside out. Well, that got the attention of government and you know, how was there. And now this other player from NASA wants to come see this tree. And he's code name's the dragon. He runs all the launches for the, for NASAs. He is the head guy. He's the National Reconnaissance Office. So that got me involved with the NR. Next thing, I'm in Cape Canaveral sitting with these guys, half a dozen of 'em. And that expands into a whole lot more, you know, now I'm dealing with two people from nasa.


And this gets into medical study, stem cell research. And that happened a year later. And what, and I'll tell you what got me there. Here's really what got the attention of the government. They heard about the tree. They all wanted to come see it and they started. But I get a phone call in early 20 thir Easter. Easter of 2013. I write about it, the whole experience in my book. I'm, I have experience with a lady. I, two weeks later, this journalist comes from Canada, calls me, I wanna come see that burning tree. He'd heard about it.


He's heading to Florida. So he stops following the way I live, right along 95 stays. The night goes Florida. And he comes back, comes again and wants to see more of the tree and get more story. So my kids are all home. It's five o'clock in the afternoon. He drives up in the driveway, he pulls up, gets out with his camera, no clothes, no bags. He just gets out. He wants to go see the tree and film it before dark. He's out there at the tree. I'm with him. And there's a Labrador, a dog who's a, a Nelly, a full grown female left laying there beside us everywhere. I'd walk, she'd walk, we get back to the house, we stop just short of the door and Nelly stops and she's laying there.


And Grant and I are talking, you know, just glad to see one another. And I'm like, you wanna stay the night? I get kids to get your bags. And they were all out there. There was six or eight more people outside. He said, yeah, that'd be, I'd love that. So he's between me and the back door. The house is open, the back door is open. And windows were, it was in May, it was May the 11th or May the fifth. It was only two weeks after Easter. Nelly stands up and starts toward the door when Grant turns. And when she walks by him, I see blood come out of her neck. And it shot way out, like a stream of blood i's like freaked out.


And Grant saw it. And she sprayed blood all over his pants when she went by. And she ran in the back door, bleeding, bleeding all over the floor. And I ran and tackled her and took her outside and laid her on the concrete. And I was going through my head, oh my God. And grant's filming this from above. And all my kids are gathered around and she's got a hole inside of her neck across her jugular vein that long. And I could stick my finger in it that day. And blood just shooting out in her heartbeat. And I had my hand on it, blood coming up through my fingers there. And I knew, I knew she was gonna die. There was 30 minutes from a vet about in the country. No, a couldn't call an ambulance.


I went through all this in my head. I said, she's going to die. And everybody's freaked out. And I just looked up to the heavens, I said, Lord, help her. She went limp. And so I picked my hand up and that hole was gone. Everybody saw it disappeared perfectly. Like nothing had happened. She stood up, waggled her tail, walked away. He filmed it all. And it didn't take long, that word got out. Next thing I get a call from somebody connected, CIA and he says, what are you doing this week?


What you doing tomorrow? I said, this is 2014. I says, July 4th, it's Friday. The day's the second. My kids are coming home from college, we're gonna have a party, you know, for the family. He said, well, I need you in DC I said, DC. He said, yeah, there's a young boy up there that's really sick and they've lost, they've tried everything they can to help him and there's, he's gotta Make-A-Wish. In fact, Barack Obama gave him his Make-A-Wish And we have all the photos of him shaking Barack Obama's hand.


Michael Morrell, deputy director of CIA, put him in his book, wrote about him. So you can imagine this young boy is in the midst of all these power brokers in Washington. And his mom's a doctor, his grandpa's a cardiologist in New York, and they spelled it as they were out of options. And so I agreed to go. He flew me up there, picked me up, took me to Arlington to where they had the 4th of July parades and all this flags and stuff. And I had no clue who I was meeting. I had no idea what I was doing. I had seen a dog miraculously get healed and I didn't know what happened and how that happened.


But these people thought at least we had try something. U Ffo guy that's that healed the dog is to, to help this child. So I was terrified. Didn't know what to say, know what to do. I was praying silently while I'm sitting here in front of this little boy and he's got a feeding tube and they're telling us he's not gonna live another year. And I'm with his mom and dad and him, and I prayed all night, Lord, help me. What do I do? So I stayed one o'clock that morning and this child had mitochondrial DNA disease, meaning he could never eat if he ate food. He threw it up profusely.


He couldn't make nutrients from the food. So he was dying. And once they get the feeding tube, it's over. Usually they're dead right away. And I stayed one o'clock in the morning and this, it wasn't an audible voice, it was like this message came, this telepathic knowing. And I said, it said, just hug him. So when I went to leave, I reached out and hugged him at one o'clock, his mom asked me to stay the night. And I said, no, I've got a hotel down. And the guy that brought me there, he is reading a book, sitting in the back room, right. He, he stayed with me and one o'clock in the morning his mom calls me and says he's, he's eating, he's eating second plate.


And so This was the next morning, That night at one o'clock I left at one 30. His mom called me and said He's eating two plates of food. 30 minutes later. Yep. And what's This kid's name? Well, his I, to be respectful of the family, I'd tell you that off camera. Right. But his first name's Brandon. Are you still in touch with him? Yeah, he was at my house. I just spent last Memorial Day, Jim from the CIA, the deputy director called me Brandon's now 21 or two years old, and he's going off to, to co exchange school overseas.


And he'd never been away from home. Right. And they wanted me to be with him before he left. And they told me, we know he is, you're good for him to be around him. But let me tell you another one. Now he's 13. When he turns 13, he's having a bar mitzvah. First time I've ever been at, in a Jewish celebration. Right. It was the most amazing thing. This child has given a speech up upon in this big church in New York City on 40th Madison. We're in a basement and everybody, that's anybody from the deputy director to the director of operations to the CIA and all in between were there a whole lot of import, 200 people, at least my son Ryan.


And they're out dancing on the floor and he's, you know, and I'm thinking back all these people at home that's given me such a hard time. If I could only tell them what I'm experiencing right now with my family. This is just a moment for me. Suddenly panic happened. The music quit and the crowd come off the dance floor and I'm still sitting at my table with one other person. Everybody's going out dancing. Now my wife is sitting at the table behind me. She had gotten up and she's with Debbie, Jim's wife, you know, very powerful people. The crowd got around me so much to standing over me.


And I feel a person grabbed me on the shoulders and pulled me through the crowd and said, you gotta help him. You gotta help him. Well, at their table, this elderly man had passed out board on and was totally pale white. I mean, he was ghost white, all these people trying to revive him, trying to wake him up, couldn't do anything. She drugg me through the crowd to him and said, you gotta save him. And I put a hand on each shoulder. And when I did, he went and he stood up, sat up and the whole room saw it. And so you can imagine what that did.


And that was way back in 2014. And it has only gotten more involved with government from there, from as senior service members. Who was that man? Who was The man that you revived? I I, I knew who he was. He was the father-in-law of one of the people that, the, the guy that actually took me to DC the first time to help that little boy. We were all invited to the party, right to his bar mitzvah. And it was his brother-in-law that whatever happened to him, he was totally unconscious there.


And so that set me on a path that I had no clue I'd be going down. People, you know, suddenly I've got hundreds saying I'm sick, can you help me? And that's been the hardest thing for me to try to, to, to help people. And, and, 'cause I never intended it to be that way. And I don't know that I can do anything. In fact, I don't do anything. It's, it's something greater than I. And, and, and I think it's, when I think of the, the, the divine world, it just comes.


But you know, there's a whole lot in my book about different ones that have experienced this from cancers gone to, this is a long list of people that have had blessings from this. Could you introduce me to one that would be willing to be on the show? I will try. How many people have you saved? Well, I don't know that I've saved anybody. I don't, I don't like to think like that. But There's, how many people have you been a part of this? Dozens, dozens of people. Every day. It's every day I can show you now is I don't, I just pray for 'em or I just, you know, you, If you know somebody that's sick, they might send me a photo now.


And I just take the photo out and I hold it up to the heavens and I ask the angels, God, I never prayed a angel. I pray to God and I asked for this help for this person. And I get these letters back. I'm a doctor, don't know. And it's just for dogs. I had two last month dogs. One was 16 years old and total kidney failure. And the doctors are like, we don't know what happened. They, they're, they're putting it in their journals trying to figure out what happened. He sees back completely functional kidneys and normal. Are there people out there talking about this that, yeah, That, that, yeah.


Yeah. I've been private though, Shawn, I haven't shared this. In fact, I hate sharing this publicly 'cause it's gonna cause a whole lot more people to come. But it's still part of the story that, that tells the phenomenon with me, the experience with it. This is why I know it's from the divine world. It's not something with teeth and a ray gun coming here to get us. It's connected to our thoughts. It'll appear a lot when I ask it. And in front of me and you and others. Not every time, but pretty much, pretty much on the time. Sometimes 50, 70 orbs it appear, sometimes it's a little fire that'll appear right beside me, like a candle.


I've seen it, I look over and oh my God, it's right there. And then it'll shoot off over my head. And a lot of people have seen this rock stars one very big rock stars without saying their names. I've been to my house and have witnessed this up close and personal Senior service members of the D-I-A-S-E-S nineteens into my house with their families and have experienced it. You know, a lot. It's a lot of people that have witnessed it and seen it still to this day.


How did the government get more involved? Well, they wanted to study it, right? They wanted to see this for themselves. 'cause it is the most elusive thing in the world to walk out and, and look up to heavens and ask something to come and all of a sudden hear these lights pop on and they come flying by you. So there's a lot of them wanting to see that and study it. And And you allow them to do that? Yeah, I allow anybody that is, I couldn't allow just anybody because I'd be overrun with people.


But the, at my personal house, I've had the heads of the, you know, people from nasa, people from the DIA, the DOD, the CIA, and they, I had three from Washington there last week. Three guys, diplomats that have experienced it with me. I was in Washington for 15 days last month. And I filmed orbs in a daytime and, and, and at night and, and with a lot of important people, really important, you know, and government and stuff. NSA, Can you name any of these people by name?


I don't have permission, but you know, Jim, semi van, everybody would research him. He's in my book. John Alexander. John was with me 2015. He, in fact, the first chapter of my book, how I met John was, was about the pope. You know, I'm out by the burning tree. And this lady from Wake Forest University, a scientist was doing this investigation of this tree. And she has a, a, a spirit box, she called it. I'd never heard of such a thing. It makes this noise. And, and so supposedly spirits come through it and talk. Well, she hands it to me.


I'm leaning against the tree. And my wife and my niece and her and her assistant were there looking at me from about 10 feet away. And suddenly this voice comes through that box and said, Chris, the pope's in danger. You must tell. And it kept saying that. And it kept saying that. And we recorded all this. We recorded 350 audio clips, 350 and multiple voices come in this thing. And they was saying, my name, call me by name. And so I sent that message to one, the very guy that was involved with the child from the beginning, it was my contact, right?


And he's like, oh my, you need to be here tomorrow, next day. And so in a couple days I was at his house and when I walked in the door, there was John Alexander. And that's when I met him. And immediately we took a tour of, of Philadelphia, the, the congress hall. John got me into remote viewing and I started reliving this thing. And I began to give details about this there a couple of terrorists that wanted to explode a bomb on Congress hall when the Pope was there.


And they got Secret Service involved. And they intercepted emails and calls and found this kid and arrested him. Sure did. And they shut the whole Ben Franklin bridge down where people would come across. But that was, that's just another notch. And and that's the first chapter of my book about the Pope. And I've been investigated by them. By the Vatican. You've been investigated by the Vatican? Yeah. How did that go? Well, I was very sick at that time, 2017 with Crohn's, with, I'm not Crohn's but rheumatoid.


It came, come on me. And I was on all this chemotherapy and these biologics. And so my professor friend works with the Vatican, got permission to go into Vatican archives. Well, my friend from NASA that I was working with from the NRL wanted to be a part. So he was allowed to go with her. There were three of 'em went to the archives and when they were there, they were texting me and sending me pictures of angels coming outta boards that are painted on the wall in the Vatican. And a message from the pope that he said, we know that they're angels and that they don't mean you no harm, but If you get too close to 'em, don't let 'em get too close because their energy can cause cause damage to your body.


In fact, we know that St. Francis of a sissy had an orb get too close to 'em and zap him. And he died two years later from his wounds. And he, she said, we know for sure in today's lenses it was rheumatoid arthritis, the same thing you got. And so there's a lot of, I've got all the photos and stuff of that. You can see they, they had a ceremony in my honor. They put my pope picture in the pope's picture at the entrance of the Vatican archives. They placed my picture between the books of Galileo and Copernicus in the archives to be there forever. So there's a whole lot that's going on from every angle throughout those very scary Man.


This is fascinating stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So now you know, Why do you think you are the one I've been asked that a million times and I don't like to think I'm the one or any of that. I'm just a simple guy that had a miraculous experience that continues to this day. And With all the government, with all the government contact and studying and the Vatican. Had anybody ever given you insight as to whether or not there are more human beings that have had similar experiences to you?


Yeah, and they all relate them back to biblical times. As far as anybody. Now I haven't heard, there probably are, but they always used, you know, St. Francis or these different people throughout the Bible that had these experiences with orbs. And you know, the reason nasa, NASA wanted to go to be a part of that, getting into archives, they wanted to study levitating saints come as a person can take off and fly to the village next door. You know, it really happens. People take, so there's more to this world than we, we got blinders on. We're blinded and yeah, but we're awake now.


Yeah. I personally believe that we are the ones that put the limitations on ourselves. Exactly. Everything may be possible. Well I think a lot of those writings that got into this more detailed early on were deemed dangerous knowledge. So it was removed from us understanding all of this stuff. Kinda like that was priestly stuff. Where do you think you were for the hours that you disappeared during the incident in 2007? Well, I can tell you, I had no clue until 2008 when Muon came and did the discovery show.


They actually sent a guy from a Harvard trained psychiatrist that does hypnosis. And he hypnotized me first to say, we're removing this block and then we're gonna come back next week and find out what happened. So he did the first one and immediately I could think about it and not pass out or have a excruciating headache. So what he did work, and then my wife and kids started for the next, it was about two weeks before they came. They were, they were startled because when I'd go to bed, which always went pretty early, they'd be up till late.


I'd be yelling out in my sleep and screaming and and talking. And they were in there filming me with cell phones and iPads while I'm doing this. Saying stuff, weird stuff, you know, like seeing being and Mars and all kinds of weird stuff. So eventually I began to remember some of what happened. Not all, but what I can tell you, the four hours while I was gone was a virtual tour. I was inside a Babbel, something that was solid and I would stand on, but I couldn't see the walls.


But I could touch 'em. But I could see everything in every direction. And there were always three figures behind me that were shadowy and they were narrating what I was seeing. And I saw North America from way up high. I saw the whole United States. And then I was taken to Egypt and I saw the pyramids and this Hathor temple, I saw that dispen facing to the east. And then the lady comes back the following year after all this, this was in 2013 is when I really got that message from her.


'cause that's when I was asked by the Pentagon, by two Air Force generals to put it in writing what she told me and I did, and this was on the request from nasa, a friend at nasa. So he come and got it and hand delivered it to these generals. And she told me that, she said that when the star of Regulus, she called it a red star, when you look at it, it looks blue. But she said, when regulus is red on the horizon in front of the gaze of the spink before daylight. So in other words, when it's sitting right on top of the horizon before the sun comes up, at that moment would mark a change in humanity's knowledge.


And as, and she shoved me other things or US bomb and Iran, us bombing Syria and in them days. And none of that had happened. So I put all that on, on this piece of paper and now I've had so many write me back, oh my God, you see they just bombed Iran or Iran just bombed us. You know, you were right the whole time. And I did that in 2012. And so what they did was I gave them the date of 2026 because they took that, that celestial event and ran it through these machines that showed that exact alignment will happen in 2026 at Easter.


What will happen? The star will, the alignment. She told me about that the star of regulus would be on the horizon in front of the spx at that moment there'd be a new knowledge. Well, I had no idea if this was even possible, you know, but these astronomers run up through the machines and it comes out that that star is gonna come up on the horizon in Easter of 2026. And, and from that point forward, they started remote viewing, the state government did. And now you hear it all over TV 2026. That's the big date. 2027 that year, something's gonna happen Armageddon.


And you hear it all over, you know, you hear, hear it on tv. If you, If you study like I've heard even, well I won't say names, but please do. Well, you know Lou Elizondo, right? Louis mentioned that date. A lot of people have Easter 2026, about the year 2026. I gave him the specific time and it was with Robert Grant that I told him about this alignment and all. And then he's like, oh my God, he's been looking for this ruby, this little ruby. You have to find and place it between the Pauls that SPS to make this event that he knows is gonna happen in 2026.


I said, Robert, it's not a ruby, it's the star of regular. Said he looks, he said, oh my God, you, that's, that's the king star. So what's gonna happen? I don't know. And I think it's possible. That's the, that's the return of Christ. Yeah. Or the lady and the whole heavenly host living with us. Jesus. That's the first time I've ever said that in my life publicly.


You are the first and a million people's asked me this. I think it's entirely possible that, 'cause she told me, she told me that, she told me that when the suffering of man comes, becomes too great that they're going to stop it and they're gonna snuff out the darkness. That's why the military and the government all want to know about this because they know it's real. They know this lady that's been seen a million times and when she comes, she's always warning of some big catastrophe.


And the Native American world, they call her the white buffalo cat lady. And she would come warning about, you know, some tribe coming to, to, to kill everybody or some big event. And it's in every culture that way. But I'm, as you know, I wish I knew more. What else do you know? I just, I think we are living in the worst, the, the worst possible times right now that if we don't make some changes there, there's gonna be some major disasters about to happen.


And it's manmade. It's not solar flare, it's not any of that. It's, it's, it is, it's a dark force. 'cause she told me, well, I'll tell you what she taught me. This is what I put in writing part of it. She says, there are people in power. I put this in writing in 2012. She said, there are people in power, and I'm not gonna say where she focused my thoughts on that, but their script in the book of Revelation to bring about Armageddon and the end of the world, they're doing it intentionally. And that's what she told me.


And that's the very thing I, the main meat of the whole message I sent to these generalists. So it makes sense, right? Who is they? I don't know who they're, I think they're Satan. I think they're people that worship the dark force that don't care for humanity and human life. And in fact they're the total opposite of, you know, worship the devil or the, I don't know if there is a devil. I think it's a, it's a, it's a very dark force that is living full of dark entities that feed on you parasitically.


Like there'd be nonphysical. These, they, they shapeshift they take your mind over, they make you do crazy things. They deceive you, make you kill somebody, go crazy where the, the pheno, the the angelic world or the physical beings, they can come in here and light these being are made of light, the dark forces of parasitic race. And whoever's aligned with that is according to the mother, the lady is scripting the book of Revelation.


Did it want it to happen? Why did they want it to happen? I think it's, it's a dark force. I think that they want to snuff out God. They don't want us to have God in the heart. Why do you think they did evolution? That's the biggest, dumbest thing I ever heard in my life. That that that every living thing come from a mud puddle and it can't happen. It is just not possible. That's just, it's a laugh. It's a joke. You know what I find interesting is from the very beginning when you saw the being that, that your family and initially you, if I remember correctly, thought was just the medication.


You had some type of an intuition from the very get go that this was a, a guardian angel Yeah. Of some type. Yeah. And it's natural. It has progressed To, I knew I had one when I was 10. I just knew it. I knew something saved me. 'cause the doctor's like, man, you shouldn't have lived through this. You know, if I showed you the hole in my back and the lead in front of me right here, you would, how did this happen? Is that close to my spinal collar and I'm leaning over a bit? Is that close to the back of my head and directly in line with my heart?


And I knew, I knew the doctor told me you're the luckiest guy in the world. And all I could thank then was it wasn't luck. It was something protecting me. In fact, in my regression 2008, If you heard the regression, I said, they said we were with you when you were 10 years old and we'll be with you. Right on. You know what else I find interesting? You are the only one to my knowledge that I've spoken to on this subject, on the UFO subject that believes in Jesus Christ.


I do wholeheartedly more today than I ever did That openly talks about it. Yeah. More today than I ever. And that's been a problem of censorship and kind of put me on the back burner and keeping me at bay publicly. Yeah. It really has. I'm not surprised. I'm not surprised when that, But I, I'd never told this message about what you just, we just talked about until now. Because now I think it's the time to tell it.


12 years, 13 years. I've kept it secret. Only my family knew. What do you think that day's gonna look like If you thought you had to have, It says in Michael, in that glorious and beautiful day, he's coming back to save us all. Do you look forward to that Day? Absolutely. Do you have any fear about that Dad? I fear my children and these crazy people that just, just can't get ahold of their whatever they're doing. I'm 60, almost 63 years old.


I've been through 11 or 12 presidents and people my age and your age, but especially my age, everything's happening now is completely not normal. And we all see riding on the wall. We all see the players. Some of these players, there's a lot behind the scene that we spec. You know, they're hidden but we all see something ain't right. And, and there's gotta be a cleansing. And the only thing that can change people is God. And the phenomenon can change you inside, but there ain't gonna be no change of humanity without having some spiritual thing come in and change us from the inside out.


And that's what's coming. And there's nothing nobody can do about it that can squeal and squirm and try to make it look negative and ugly all they want. But it's not gonna stop what's coming according to her. And in the book of Revelation then the very last chapter, it says, when the army surround Israel on all four sides, that he's coming back to fight the battle and rid the world of the evil. And then there'd be a time of peace. A thousand years.


And that's what the lady told me. Same thing I said a lot. Thank you for sharing that A whole lot. 18 years I've never taught this or it 17 and a half years. How does it feel to get it out? Right, right. I'll get a lot of blow back from this. I promise you. I just hope the, the world that has been told, it's the devil can wake the heck up and see that a little bit of heaven's coming here to help us.


Would you be willing to come back on this show? I would Love to. Yes sir. I'd be honored. I could go deeper. But I think this is a, a good part to end this interview. But with that being said, I would love to get you back 'cause I have a lot more questions, but I know it's been a rough day. Just Say the word and I'll be here. Thank you Chris. I promise, You know, there's been a lot of speculation on, on if UFOs are strict strictly a, some type of spiritual entity or if they are nuts and bolts or if it's both, There's a possibility there's both.


But I haven't seen the other side a whole, all these years experience has been with the, the, the phenomenon I call it is a spiritual thing. It is like magic. They appear outta nowhere. In fact, Tim Chet made a quote and I saved it, that they believe that the, the interdimensional world would be the, the angels. And so if there might be some star cruiser coming from some planet, some far away and stopping over to, to resupply and get some gas or something, right.


But I can tell you there's not a reason in this world. An alien would come down to the river where I'm crying out, God help me. Why would he even care? Why would they want to help me? Why would they help all these other people? Even animals because they have compassion for us and and love. I know I already asked this, but I do want to ask it again and I just want to hear what you personally think. I mean of 2007 to 24, we're talking almost, almost what, what's 17 years now? Yeah, why you, what is it that you believe that God saw in you in that moment of dime?


Lots of people look up. I think that the phenomenon or God or whoever knew that I'm the kind of person that would never back down, never ever look at Paul in the Bible. Look at all the apostles, every one of 'em. They knew what they knew and they went to death for it. They were boiled in oil and tortured and crucified and hung upside down and dismembered because they knew without a doubt. Paul on the road to Damascus, it says in a flash of light, flashed around him and blinded him.


It was an orb, the ball of light. And that's exactly what comes out of the sky and interacts or comes into my house or around us. It's just the light and it answers the prayer. How do you pray? I pray to the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. The the Holy Trinity. How do you ask? Do you just talk to it? I I Is it ceremonial? No, it's a thought I could, I don't have to say a word I can think of. And they come, they're connected to our thoughts. A hundred percent yours. Do they know your thoughts? They know all of us.


In fact, I believe everybody has guardian angels probably at least two. And I've been quoted saying there's 15 around me at all times. My kids are like, how do you know that dad? 'cause I constantly see there's about 15 of 'em that'll appear. And sometimes they do it all at once. Want. So I think you have them. All you gotta do is acknowledge It. I know I have them. You do. I've talked about it several times on this show and given very, very detailed examples. And next time I'll share those with you. I want to hear that. I really do.


But well, Chris, what a man. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for what you're doing and Thank you for being here and God bless you brother. I appreciate you Sean, so much. Appreciate you too. We'll see you soon. God bless. Thank you. Are you ready for football? Let's go. Truly ready for football?


Yes. Are you screaming for football? What the hell is happening? Dreaming for football, good times. Eating, sleeping, crafting, parenting, naming your pets and preparing for football. That sort of stuff happened. Oh My goodness. Are you dancing Jonesing Mahomes ing for football. That's what I'm looking forward to seeing. Good. Then you are ready for football with the rich eyes and show podcast. They're ready. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.