
At Sierra Discover great deals on top brand workout gear, like high quality bikes, which might lead to another discovery. Oh, oh, getting back in the saddle isn't always comfortable. Good news is Sierra has massage guns. Ah, and Shae wipes too. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


You don't wake up dreaming of McDonald's fries. You wake up dreaming of McDonald's hash browns. McDonald's breakfast comes first. Ba ba ba.


Mike bends. Sean, welcome back. It's Good to be Back, man. I feel like we just saw each other. It was just a couple months ago, wasn't it? Yeah. But the before and after picture is quite Different. I, I know, man. Wow. I mean, the stuff that's being unveiled and all the corruption that, that, that's being exposed, I mean, I, we kind of chatted about this a little bit downstairs, but this stuff is rolling out fast. I mean, like lightning speed here. Did you expect that to happen? I didn't expect the speed of this. I think once they fixated on usaid, frankly, I think it was USAID's in transit agents as the Trump admin and White House were just trying to simply audit things.


And it was their reluctance combined with, I think the, the scandals and leading up to it that led them to zero in on it. And I think that just because of the pure money outlays and how easy that picture is to understand for Americans, it's now challenging the entire foreign policy establishment from the operations of the State Department to the intelligence services to the defense establishment. I think it's, it's validated what had been percolating for a long time, which was this weaponization not just of what the focus was for the past several years of domestic agencies like the Justice Department and FBI against US citizens, but actually are even dirtier operations abroad.


Our dirtier apparatus are blob foreign policy apparatus, capacity for covert activity and political dirty tricks weaponized against Americans, which is just a fundamental assault on, on the premise for even having them in the first place. Yeah, I mean, it seems like, I mean, it seems like Doge kinda started with u s a, how involved are you with Doge? Not, I, I not, You know, I mean, I speak, I I I think that a lot of the folks there pay attention to the things that I publish. I think so too. But You know, there's I, You know, there, so there's, there's interaction simply through, You know, through X and whatnot.


But, You know, there's, they have an incredible job. And One of the things we're confronted by right now in this moment is it's becoming increasingly clear, I think, to the rest of, of the American population that it's this foreign policy establishment that's been weaponized against domestic citizens. But this was a nationalist movement for, from 2016 onward, make America Great again, America first, these sorts of things. People joined it because they cared about their own country or their own neighborhood, whether their streets were safe, whether their school curriculum reflected their own values, whether there was waste, fraud, and abuse at the White House or DC level.


They didn't think about in large part, international affairs, foreign relations. They may care about a few wars that they hear about in the news, but The, The MAGA movement did, did not really have, and is only now beginning, I think, to, to incubate a sort of foreign policy intelligentsia that both the neo-conservative wing of the Republican party has had for, You know, over half a century and that the Democratic party, You know, has had. And so that process, I think is, is forming right now, and people are trying to, trying to form that North star. And I think many of the things that I've, I've published help go into that thought leadership soup.


Yeah, I mean, what, I was gonna ask this at the end, but I don't wanna just pop to my head so I'm, I don't wanna forget it, but I mean, you've really dove in into the U S A A ID stuff, and so once we get through all of the U S A ID stuff, which is what we're gonna interview about today, what are you gonna go at next? What are you gonna start looking into? Well, it's all related. You know, this is one of the reasons when I do my lectures and I show the chart of the foreign policy establishment State Department for US National Interests Defense Department for US National Security, CIA, as a sort of covert player for, to covertly help the State Department or covertly help DOD.


These things are all, are all connected. So the DOD picture is a, a perhaps darker one and much bigger one to tackle in terms of bringing that up. Geez. I mean, by the sheer size of it, USAID is about a $44 billion budget, pentagon's 900 billion. And depending on how you measure it, the, the black hole in their budget is somewhere between hundreds of billions to 35 trillion. And so, wow. But the reason that I'm so overjoyed that it's starting with the USAID side is because it connects to all those points.


I mean, and this is another thing that defenders of the establishment are now uncomfortably trying to find the right way to defend themselves, which is that if USAID is supposed to be humanitarian assistance and build to the American people as a kind of international charity, why, why are they working with the US Defense Department? Why are they working with special forces? Why is there even a civil military, You know, coordinating branch for USAID and DOD, they have no idea how deep the rabbit hole goes there, or, or how dark many of the operations they thought USAID was involved in. And I think that this is part of what the blockade being set up right now to stop Doge from finding out is about they don't want them to have USAID's books.


They don't want them to have the internal records. They don't want them to have the emails and communications. They don't want them to, they definitely don't want them to have the transfer of money flows. This was the sort of thing that even the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which directly oversees USAID, could not get access to until the present moment. Senator Joni Erst had a X base with Elon Musk, where she said, when she tried to do oversight, she was threatened by USAID when, when USAID ran the zinzan op in, in Cuba in 2014, and the scandal popped off who approved this? And it turned out it was all in-house at usaid. What, what senate staffers said was when they tried to get oversight of this operation along the way, they were told that if Senate staffers found out what USAID was doing, people, people could die.


So they had to shield, shield it from there. So we're opening up a, a Pandora's box, and that's the threshold question, is how much access to this is those ultimately going to get. Yeah, yeah. Well, Mike, before we get too in the weeds here, You know, I have a Patreon account. We've got a bunch of behind the scenes stuff on there. We got behind the scenes interviews, like what we just did with you. And, but one of the other things that I offer them is each and every guest that comes on, they get to ask a question. And so this is from Jimmy w what warning shot, what warning signs should we look out for Now that U S A ID has been shut down?


What are the chances the Republicans will work against Donald Trump with Democrats to just start a new slush fund under a different name? So, a few things on that. One is, it's true that, You know, almost 14,000 employees were laid off at usaid. It's true that the name, You know, has been covered up at the building. It's true that all the, You know, foreign operations folks have been, have been recalled. I, I don't know still, You know, as of the time that we're speaking right now, that it's appropriate to say that USAID as a function has been shut down, given that I believe that the, You know, the, the grants are still ongoing.


There's been a funding pause, but u USAID is funded through Q1 and there's going to be a dog fight in the budget about what to preserve. And the plan is to fold it under state. But to my knowledge, an executive order has not been passed formally abolishing it. And even if it did, there'd be the legal challenge and the bills to abolish USAID are still just born babies in, in the House and the Senate. And even assuming the, the closure and abolition of usaid, it is going to be inherited by the State Department. So that function will continue, but under the direct oversight of state, but the warning signs to look for, I think there's, there's no better description of, of what those warning signs are than what was said by US Ambassador turned, legal hatchet man, norm Eisen, I believe in an M-S-N-B-C appearance this week where he called the, the Trump Administration a autocratic regime.


And we have tools to displace autocratic regimes around the world in, You know, people powered revolutions. And this was, this was, this was the man who basically spearheaded nearly every lawfare push against Trump world for the past eight years, for everything from the Trump impeachment to the, to the J six impeachment, to the, You know, to the, all of the u Ukraine affairs, to, to running a, a group called crew, which sued the Trump administration hundreds of times. And, You know, he was the former U US ambassador to the Czech Republic for, for President Obama.


And even wrote a playbook basically on how to, how to orchestrate color revolutions against populous movements that were rising in Europe while he was, You know, at, at the Brookings Institution just a few years ago. And he's openly calling on live television to, to take that same playbook for overthrowing foreign governments and to find a way to implement it here. And the, the first two things that he said off the top were that this needs to be a legal fight, And it needs to be a media fight. So taking it to the courts and taking it to the media for hearts and minds. But what you've seen, one of the warning signs that I'm very concerned about is that a fundamental part of these people powered revolutions, these so-called color revolutions, is, is on the street action to destabilize countries, which also provides a, a sort of patina, a predicate to the rest of the world.


That this is the genuine reflection of, of the democratic people being underserved by an autocratic government. But it has the, the benefit of shutting down the country and destabilizing the government because they're, they're between a rock and a hard place. They, they'll shut down the highways, they'll shut down, they'll, You know, the union workers will all walk out and shut down industry by going on mass strike. There'll be violent confrontations in dozens of cities attacking police, as we saw with the BLM riots, even burning down police precincts. And then the only way to really respond to that, in order to stop that, is through an almost kind of quasi-military scale, You know, deployment to physically remove those people from the highways, they're blocking the infrastructure that they're terrorizing.


But when you do that, you get hit by the second round of the Color Revolution playbook is cries of humanitarian rights violations, authoritarian crackdowns. See, now we prove they're authoritarian because they've done this. And that's where the international community comes into the picture with joint sanctions, economic pressure. Now, they can hold up this crackdown as the reason to do it. And this gets back to the fundamental position we're in at this unique moment in American history, where the foreign policy establishment is really for the first time in a very serious way, having to respond to the will of the people who pay for it. Which is that you have this out of power network here in the US that is grasping to try to find allies on the Republican side in, in Congress, but they're now being counter pressured by folks like Elon and others who are threatening to primary them if they defect.


And their strongest allies are a handful of folks on the Republican side in Congress, but most potently the in power governments abroad that have a similar ax to grind against Trump and Trump world and Trump's foreign policy vision that, that will be happy to assist in this project any way they can. So what I predict you're going to see is a, a, a transatlantic flank attack where you have the out of power foreign policy establishment here teaming up with in power foreign governments, like in the uk, in the UK labor party, like across the EU with in power EU governments, like in places like Brazil with Lula, like in certain certain governments in Central Asia.


And to use to, I believe right now they're in the consensus building process of this, which was very similar to what, what happened when Trump won the first time I cover internet censorship. It's my, my primary reason that I crusade on all these other elements. But this, this ha this played out in, in the first few months of, of Trump 1.0, internet censorship didn't really hit the American people in a very serious way until late 2017, early 2018. What were they doing in the interim time? They were having these consensus building meetings, You know, they were all the major think tanks. Were having these cons. How do we build the coalition? What exactly is going to be our civil society strategy, our legal strategy, who are friends in the Chamber of Commerce?


Who can put economic pressure on this? You know, how do we build a predicate for this, whether it's counterintelligence through Russiagate or whether it's a democracy promotion predicate that Trump is an attack on democracy. And, and that process is the process of seducing people from different fractal coalitions into one cohesive network that can do this together. And right now, they're fractured. I'm sorry if I'm taking a while for saying this, but just to complete this point, because it's gonna hang over the rest of this conversation. We can't forget that the Democrats, Joe Biden as president, and he was removed by another faction of the, of the Democrats. There was effectively a, a West Wing Democrat party Civil War, and Joe Biden put on the Trump hat while Kamala was running against Trump with a big smile.


He even asked for the hat to put it on. I've never seen Joe Biden happier than the day after the election when he walked out and made the, the press statement that Donald Trump had had won the election.


Life moves fast. But I know I'm prepared for the unexpected thanks to Fabric by Gerber Life. Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance. You can get done right from your couch all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit your family and your budget. Like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. There's a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. So there's no risk. Fabric is more than life insurance, free digital wills, access to investment accounts to invest for your kids' future and more. Manage it all right from your phone. Join the thousands of parents who trust fabric to help protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean. That's mefa.com/sean, MEET fabric.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices, subject to underwriting and health questions.


Hey folks, if you're over 21 and use nicotine or tobacco, I want to tell you about an American company that's making one of the only alternatives to smokeless tobacco. Black buffalo. Black buffalo manufactures and sells long cut and pouches right here in America. The company was built by dippers for dippers. If you're looking for bold flavor, full pouches, and a brand that stands for something, check out black buffalo.com. To learn more, you can buy online in most states or check their interactive store locator for thousands of locations. At world class retailers. Charge ahead in 2025 with the only credible alternative to smokeless tobacco Black Buffalo warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Black Buffalo products are intended for adults age 21 and older, who are consumers of nicotine or tobacco.


While we may have won this election, the fight to restore a great nation has just begun. Now is the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile is leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile helps support the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life in our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade their 100% US-based customer service support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to patriot mobile.com/ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code SS. Switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend your freedom with every call and text you make. Visit patriot mobile.com/ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


So it's difficult right now for them to form that cohesive network and unified action plan when you have folks from the Joe Biden side of the foreign policy establishment, still extremely upset and feeling betrayed by the Kamala Harris side of it. But those wounds will heal. And time, I believe does heal all wounds in that way as, as their economic interests are threatened potentially by the drastic reforms of the Trump administration is pursuing. Yeah, You know, nothing forms an alliance like a common enemy. Yeah. And yeah, so Mike, second time you're on the show and we're gonna talk all about U S A ID here coming up us.


Here's just some stats that we kind of pulled up. Budget of over $44 billion and employed more than 14,000 people, two thirds of whom worked overseas. Now we're down to 294 to 611 people after the Doge Discoveries operated in over a hundred country hun operating in over a hundred countries, primarily in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. I mean, list goes on. You know, one of the things that that caught my eye, You know, is, I mean, like I said, there's just been so much that's getting unveiled, but I recently did an interview with Colleen scu, who's running for president in Romania and the Romanian Supreme Court an all the election and basically froze it due to, due to Russian interference.


And You know, I got a lot of flack for that interview, but I, I wanted to give that guy voice because I thought this, this really kind of mirrors very similarly to what we saw with Trump, not in the last election, but the election before. And, You know, George Ky called the tens of millions that were sent by U S A IDA bride wrapped as social aid and an attack on their sovereignty. So how does, how does, so it sounds like this was kind of funded this campaign against him and, and shutting him down was funded and, and instigated by U S A ID.


Now the, the, the, the Russian interference was never proven. It was all just speculation and, but the U S A ID stuff is proven. And so it's, it's interesting. We just did that a couple of weeks ago and I'm just, I'm curious what your thoughts are on this. Well, I'm shocked, I'm shocked to find the US funded blob NGO swarm descending on a right wing populous party in Europe. It's no, of course, I mean, this is the most predictable thing of all time. I mean the, the, You know, George's Q has been a thorn in the, in the side of the US and, and UK and sort of NATO foreign policy establishment for a number of reasons.


The central linchpin of world geopolitics right now is the conflict between Ukraine and Russia. Romania occupies a critical strategic point in, in that war, not just because of the transport of arms from Pakistan to Romania into into Ukraine, which has, You know, been, been a long time route to be able to run, run Gar guns and, and arms munitions in. But, but also because Romania shares the, the Black Sea Coast with Ukraine. And NATO is presently in the process of building the single largest NATO base in Europe in all of NATO history, a hundred percent bigger than the, the, You know, the Ramstein base in, in Germany.


And in fact, NATO is, as we speak, moving arms, supplies, jets and drones to that base because it points straight out at Crimea and will be the, the place of force projection. And, You know, this is, this is the, the military hard power play on, on Crimea is, which is absolutely essential to Russia in their view, is this is what kicked off this conflict to, to begin with really, there was the effective secession of Eastern Ukraine, but it was Russia's warm water port access in, in Crimea and, and obviously their military base there that it was, there was the cri Crimea referendum to join the Russian Federation that kicked off all of this, including the, the, You know, the rattle snake nest that, that Trump walked into with Ukraine and Russia and whatnot.


And so, You know, Georgia SKU has, has effectively campaigned on being friends with both sides, enemies of neither, You know, neutrality does not want to antagonize Russia by building, You know, the, the NATO's largest war, lethal war fighting capability Right on, You know, Romania's coast. It, You know, makes Romania a target, obviously from NATO's perspective, the moment Russia bombs Romania and, and extends the fight beyond Ukraine, that would be a major international incident. But the attempt to, to remove Georgia S ski is the same thing that happened with him.


Mon Khan, the intercept published league cables. Who, who was that? Imran Ka is the, was the prime minister of Pakistan. And again, there there's this deep relationship between Pakistan and Romania here, because Pakistan was essentially how we trained and funded the Mujahideen in, in the 1970s and eighties against the Soviets. There's a lot of military capacities that, that we warehouse there. There's, there's a lot of money laundering through those. There's the famous BCCI bank, the Bank of Commerce and Credit International sort of CI proprietary bank that, that went down in, in web of scandals around Pakistan. Great Britain, the uk, which has massive interest in Eurasia, just built an air bridge between Pakistan and Romania for this exact purpose.


And so, but Pakistan also, Imran Khan, the, the Prime Minister did not want to, he did not want to, this is shortly after the 2022 Russia, You know, Ukraine military fiasco kicked off the US and UK foreign policy folks thought that in their own words, when they were effectively bribing the, the political class of, of Pakistan, and this is all in the intercept, everyone can look this up, these leak cables. It showed that carrots and sticks were offered by the, by the Biden foreign policy establishment to, You know, parliamentarians in Pakistan in order to oust Iran con in a a no confidence vote, an impeachment that that would, that would take him from power.


And then he was arrested shortly thereafter. He is currently in prison, even though he was the wildly popular, You know, elected, elected head of head of state. And the reason cited by the State Department for carrying out this, this coup operation was that, was that Iran Khan had taken, quote, an aggressively neutral position because Kahn had had said that he will continue to have Pakistan do trade with Russia. He does not want to, You know, allow weapons, You know, to, to go to killing Russians. And given how central the Pakistan is in this Pakistan Romania corridor, George Ku I see is, is the same way, aggressively neutral, but that's all it takes.


That was all it took for the State Department there. And if I, can I continue just on this point really quickly? Absolutely. Going after the courts in order to nullify elections or influence the activities of the elections is the beating heart of what USAID and to an, again, to a related extent, the state department CIA and and civil military folks at DOD do they, USAID is in their charter to, to pursue so-called judicial reform, which which allows them to effectively bribe and try to rig the decisions of judges and the judiciary and the rise and fall of laws in foreign countries.


And USAID made a special project of targeting what they call MBS election management bodies and which, which are the, the bodies in, in, in countries that adjudicate elections. So For example, we, it's our Supreme Court that decided, You know, the bush versus gore hanging, You know, hanging chad's, You know, election in, in the US 20 years ago in Brazil. The, the, the EMB, the election management body is what's called the TSE. It's, it's basically a sub-component of their, of their STF Supreme Court. That is the de Mors Voldemort judge who has, You know, who banned x seized assets from starlink and is basically, You know, criminalized pro Bolsonaro support on Brazilian social media.


And, and they were sought after by usaid. They were usaid, I have their internal documents where they've, in just a few meetings alone, they'll gather together representatives from 12 different MBS across the world and, and have USAID basically convince them, train them on what kind of ways to structure the court or what task forces to set up in, in the disinformation space in order to allow those courts to have a, to not just adjudicate the elections, but to be able to effectively criminalize questioning the elections or speech during the election cycle. This is part of how the power in Brazil ex, You know, of that court expanded to such a huge size.


They, USAID was pumping money into that whole network around that court pumping up the academic thought leadership pump, pumping up the, the legal advocates who were making pitches to the, the prosecutors and to the disinformation task force itself. And if they're going after every EMB election management body, You know, in, in, in the, in the world effectively to get those courts to criminalize populist speech, you can bet your bottom dollar. They're doing that to criminalize populist election results in those same steps, documents, this is the political process strengthening center at usaid in that program, they define the enemy as populism.


They say that part of the purpose in is to, is to prevent the evolution of, of, of populist thought leadership because they define right-wing populism as a threat to democracy because it undermines the efficacy of democratic institutions, US backed NGOs and civil society institutions in the area. Well, guess what George SQ is, he's a right wing populist, or he is a populist, at least however you wanna define it. He is in their view, the virus that the white blood cells of USAID are custom built to take out. And I have to re, I just have to stress this point. This was attempted against Donald Trump in, when he won the 2016 election, when the Russiagate predicate came out about social media interference.


Everyone can trace the timeline of this and, and look up the contemporaneous news reporting. When, when the CIA came out and said there was Russian interference on US social media and there were Russian bots and trolls and RT and Sputnik were supporting Trump, they tried to get Congress to not certify the election result on the basis of Russian interference in the election. And to my recollection, they got, I believe almost a somewhere between a dozen and two dozen or almost a dozen US congressmen to agree not to certify that vote. Now it's not nearly enough. You need, You know, there's over 500 people in, in the house and You know, a hundred in the Senate.


But if you can get that ball rolling and poach sitting members of Congress here in the US eight years ago before they even built up this apparatus to be juiced and as, as powerful as it's become, think of how, how much easier that task is and how mu how far a little bit of money goes a long way in order to juice those networks in Romania. Yeah. You know, that, that's what caught my attention was we, it seemed almost identical with the Russian interference. And You know, what actually blew him up was a TikTok smear campaign, right. And the, the TikTok smear campaign actually resonated with a large portion of the population in Romania, which boosted him up.


I mean, the guy spent next to nothing on his campaign and had a tremendous lead. And You know, one of the things that I spoke with him about in detail is how he doesn't, he does not want that NATO base there. I did ask him, You know, w will you be able to stop that? He, he, he couldn't answer that, which means, You know, maybe he can't, I don't, I don't know. But, but it seemed like the reason they went after him is because he does not want that base built the biggest ever NATO base ever to be built in Europe to include World War ii. And, And it, You know, it obviously would it be a detriment to the Ukrainian side of the war.


And he, he, he expressed many times. He just wants, he just wants peace. He doesn't want Romania involved in that. That's not their problem. I think that's the way a lot of Americans feel too. But, but so, so I think you hit it. But so basically what U S A ID is doing is they're influencing their politicians to sway a certain way. Are they also, are they also paying off their media? Because he would not, they wouldn't platform him. Yeah. And he, he, he, he was not heard other than on TikTok the day after I announced the interview that was going out with him, they had 250,000 people sh start protesting in front of their parliament.


Yeah, no, absolutely. That's, that's what U S A does. They create the surround sound. This is part of the reason I call it the USAID Truman Show. USAID goes after every single category of institution in the country. They're targeting the media control over social media, speech, the unions, the workers groups, the, the judiciaries, the parliamentarians, the arts and, and, and music and music and culture. The, the universities and the academic institutions, everything the, even, You know, folks in the, the commercial for-profit sector side, What U S A does is, is it, it does what it calls capacity building.


It does a baseline assessment or strategic assessment of all the assets they have in the region. And then they look at the gap between what they have and what they need in order to accomplish a particular state department foreign policy goal or a, You know, interagency approved foreign policy goal. And then they close that gap by funding everything they need. So For example, if Georgia SKU is, is overwhelmingly popular with unions, they will bring in, they will fund the NED Solidarity Center or, or other sort of, You know, CIA back, You know, back channels or NED is a, You know, this sort of squishy in between, between state and CIA, You know, there are a non non-profit NGO that that gets, You know, it's funding from the US government.


It was created by the US government, You know, it was conceived of by the CIA director in 1983, William Casey for its, You know, to be born. It's, it's, You know, its founders even say that, You know, they, their job was to, You know, do what the CIA used to do that's basically delegate them. They have something called the Solidarity Center, which is their union arm, and they'll often work with the AFL CIOs international branches. So they, so they say, okay, he's overwhelmingly popular. There are, those are the people who are on board with our operational plan in, in the, in the place, For example. Those people have more disproportionate perception of political legitimacy for that.


They will pump those up if they say, okay, well Georgia SKU is popular, You know, in the media here or in these demographics, they'll do a demographic assessment, You know, by ethnicity, gender, religious denomination. And they will close those gaps. They'll do that. They'll, they'll do art and activism. You'll, you'll see musicians, you'll see performers, you'll see cultural figures. They will all be approached by us USAID funded NGOs and interlocutors to do that. And, And it, that's, that's effective enough in the country with counterintelligence antibodies because it's, You know, a sort of first world, You know, economy or, or a second world economy and a place like Romania, the task of trying to stop the reach of those octopus arms is, is impossible.


You know, Georgia right now, You know, has been in the news all year because they've been trying to pass our equivalent of farra, the Foreign Agent Registration Act, which is a, a, a rule here that criminalizes any us You know, person or, or institution who is lobbying the American government or, You know, to change policies or lobbying Congress or the executive branch, but is getting funds from a foreign country to, to do that and is not disclosing it because we consider that to be a totally existential counterintelligence risk. If you don't have a far law to know which NGOs or which universities or which for for-profit entities or whatnot are getting money from, pick your foreign country, x China, Saudi Arabia, uk, you name it, to do it, then that's an obvious counterintelligence threat.


That's an intelligence operation effectively being run. When Georgia tried to pass that law, which is just US farra, what happened? Well, You know, the, there were the same street riots that were deployed, that USAID was, You know, was flat busted, You know, caught doing in every place from the Arab Spring, You know, to, You know, to virtually every color Revolution street protest movement, the, the, the US has done since, at least since the 1980s. And so they're trying to stop Eastern European countries from even knowing the extent of the USAID Truman show there, and potentially even deploying their own rent a riot mus to, to stop disclosure of that.


So I don't know the extent that Romania, but I have to imagine if the truth is revealed, it would shock the world. I mean, how, how much of the, how much of the world is influenced by usaid? Every plot of dirt on God's green earth is influenced by usaid. I believe you said at the beginning of this, that it was about a hundred countries and you mentioned Africa, Asia, Western Hemisphere, south America, and Eastern Europe. It's every country on earth, For example. Why is USAID paying tens of millions of dollars to British censorship, You know, NGOs and British censorship firms.


You know, why are, You know, why are they funding places like the Center for Information Resilience and why are they funding all these British institutions, if You know, it has no impact there. Well, you're juicing the skids of this, of these London Civil Society institutions when you do that, You know, Institute for Strategic Dialogue and, and whatnot. And these, what, what are those groups doing? What is Institute for Strategic Dialogue? Doing It is doing advocacy and, and high pressure campaigns and liaising with the tech companies to censor Americans. Americans are targeted. USAID is attacking Americans. When, when USAID paid the O-C-C-R-P, this is the corruption reporting project.


That's, that's in under the, under the public, You know, limelight right now because of massive scandals that have broken out in the past several months. This is the largest consortium of investigative journalists in the world. This is the group that broke the Panama Papers and other major world stories. Turns out half of their budget comes from USAID and the State Department, I believe in the beginning it was all of it, or virtually all of it. They were effectively spawned out of USAID and the State Department, the us, usaid, and the State Department have approval over what staff they can hire. They closely coordinate on the, on the kinds of stories or category of stories or workload that that, that they can carry out on usaid.gov.


Right now, everyone can see this in the way back machine with usa.gov currently under maintenance, shall we say. There's an incredible document at USA bragging about the accomplishments that this investigative reporting group has done. Now, these are hit piece journalists that are, that are carried out to capacity build independent media, not independent from government. It's our government. It's independent from you or what we say independent from other governments, but it's, they use this, this live phrase, independent media for all of their sponsored media assets. And so under the banner of supporting free and independent media in Central Europe, 'cause they operate in Ukraine in about nine or 10 or seven or eight eastern European countries, it's, it's jointly to do independent media, You know, sustainability funding and anti-corruption because we wanna root out corruption in Eastern Ukraine.


And so, so, and root out corruption in Eastern Europe, root out corruption in Romania and anywhere that basically what they do is they effectively function to write hip pieces and dig up dirt on the political enemies of the US and UK legacy foreign policy establishment, and then provide a predicate for prosecutors to arrest them or seize their assets or to induce policy changes in the country. And in fact, on usa.gov, and everyone can find this in the way back machine, they have a document that says funding for O-C-C-R-P in, in, in Eastern Europe, $20 million function capacity building, independent media, anti-corruption accomplishments, over $1 billion worth of assets seized, I believe, I believe it's several hundred policy changes induced in government or civil society organizations in the region.


I believe they have six or seven government officials fired or sacked because of, of this group's reporting, including a president and a prime minister. So they're claiming credit for regime change. And then the final one is 456 arrests and indictments. So these are, this is mercenary media for the state paid for Depu, pa. These are, these are effectively hitman hitman hired to seize the assets of, to, to get fired from their jobs and to arrest criminally take, use the criminal justice system, create a pipeline between their sponsored journalists and the local prosecutors in order to arrest the political enemies of the US government in these target countries.


And You know, this, this relationship with prosecutors in USAID runs very deep. For example, it was the, You know, he was USAID funding, which was implicated in that, in that Joe Biden, You know, speech to, You know, threat to Victor Shoan around the removal of Victor Shoan in Ukraine that, You know, that famous council on farm relations, You know, threat. And by golly, You know, he did it son of a bee. He, he did it. This was the, You know, the famous clip where basically said, if you don't fire the prosecutor, you're not gonna get your billion. Well, USAID, USAID pays 20 paid $27 million in, in just two grants alone to the Tide Center here in the us.


The Tide Center is not just the fiscal sponsor of the Black Lives Matter Foundation, but they are also the fiscal sponsor of a group called FJP, it's Fair. And just Prosecutions, which is the group that manages the Soros prosecutors and tells them who to prosecute, who not to prosecute, has them sign pledges like Alvin Bragg and Leticia James gives them talking points, gives them social media posts, they, they meet, this is all according to the Media Research Center. I should note, You know, meet on a, a weekly and sometimes daily basis. So these are us prosecutors that where the, the fiscal sponsor of, of that group, 30% of Americans live under these Soros prosecutors now, and they're working with this group fair and just prosecutions, and they get their fiscal sponsorship through a mega grantee of usaid.


USAID is, is they do this everywhere and they can get away with it. 'cause judicial reform and anti-corruption is part of our humanitarian aid work. We're trying to strengthen their democracy. But this, when you read that, that accomplishment section, you, you don't know what crimes these people have committed. You don't know if they're guilty or innocent. U s a doesn't even brag about that in the document. It's the wrong number. 456 of our enemies, 456 of our enemies got arrested because of the incredible return on investment for paying our own mercenary media assets, $20 million. And think of the return on investment, we paid 'em $20 million and we seized a billion dollars.


You don't know what the crimes are. When you read that document as a US citizen, that scale of prosecutions, it's hard to imagine that every single person there was was guilty of those crimes or that there wasn't, You know, some relationship with the prosecutors in the background that politicized those cases in the same way we have in the DC court here with the January 6th cases. So this plays out everywhere. And this is also why USAID funded sps and, and NGOs were, You know, had their own personnel making speeches to the, the prosecutors in Brazil when they were tr when they ran the, the operation against Bolsonaro.


I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter and the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CIA Targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing.


And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief Sign up links in the description or in the comments we'll see in the newsletter.


You sign up for something, forget about it after the trial ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused every month. Thanks to Rocket Money. I can see all my subscriptions in one place and cancel the ones I'm not using anymore, and now I'm saving more money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps you lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts and keeps you informed with alerts. If bills increase in price, there's unusual spending activity, or if you're close to going over budget, rocket Money will even automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save and lower your bills. Then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with customer service so you don't have to. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/ss today. That's rocket money.com/ss rocket money.com/ss.


I used to wonder how to truly wake up feeling refreshed in the morning with the energy to hit my days head on. And I finally found that using Helix Mattress, it really helps me settle into the deep sleep I need every night that I could never get with any of my old mattresses. Sleeping on a Helix mattress helps me feel recharged every day, and it's made such a huge difference in my life. If you are wanting to experience the best night's sleep every night, go to helix sleep.com/ss. They can match you based on your body type and sleep preferences help you if you have snoring issues, if you're sleeping too hot or if you need extra back support. So many of my listeners are getting the best sleep of their lives with Helix High quality, breathable, and full body supporting mattresses. Go to helix sleep.com/ss right now for 20% off site-wide. That's Helix sleep.com/ss for 20% off site-wide. Helix sleep.com/srs.


There's this USAID Truman Show and it's, it, it's, it touches everything. It's, you think USAID is not having a massive impact on the government of France and the, and the government of, and the government of, of Germany and the government of the uk. USAID pays the Atlanta Council in 2018 in, in the Atlanta Council's Democratic defense against disinformation white papers. The, and the Atlanta Council was seven CIA directors on their board, I should mention funded by the, the Pentagon and the State Department as well, and had a formal partnership with barisma, but they're funded by s a in 2018. The front cover of their democratic disinformation defense against disinformation.


You know, one of their, their series in this, which was an internet censorship propaganda document and consensus building document so that the Atlanta Council's muscle as NATO's think tank could go out to all of their different grantees and partner networks about who to censor, how to sell it, how to do it, what connections to establish with the tech companies and these governments. The front cover of this, and everyone can look this up, was, was the, the, the so-called Macron leaks in France and the distribution web of, of basically news stories that were damaging to Emmanuel Macron in the middle of his presidential run against Marine Lapin who, USAID and the US State Department.


This is Western Europe. This is where USAID ain't supposed to be. We're told the, the front cover of this funded by USAID has WikiLeaks at the center of this Jack Poso as the other main highlighted note, a US citizen. And the whole rest of the network map are all the different distributions of stories about these Macron leaks that, that helped Marine LePen but hurt their preferred winner of that election. Emmanuel Macron. And what they were suggesting with that is that we need to stop Jack Poso and, and WikiLeaks from helping Marine from publishing news stories that might help Marine Lapin in Western Europe win that election.


And that's USAID sponsored baby. They're touching every plot of dirt on God's green Earth. Jeez. Geez. Where does the, so where does the directive come from? Well, this is, this is why it's useful to think of it as a blob. So there, it can come from several directions and then it gets consensus built to, to build the appropriate operations network to carry it out. So For example, US foreign policy is supposed to be set by the White House through the interagency process at the National Security Council, and it's the State Department who's supposed to be the agency general to steward the, the, the execution of, of those foreign policy and, and national interest goals.


And it's the pen And it's the Department of Defense that is supposed to steward that on the national security and military side. So the, depending on, on what you are trying to do, like For example, let's take the, the Georgia skew Romania example. This could come from any number of directions in terms of how the idea first gets pitched and also for a couple different tracks in terms of how it gets approved. And sometimes it can be done in a way that's totally rogue. And this is one of the unique capacities of USAID in this story and why I believe it's important for the Trump White House to shut it down, to abolish it Executive order, congressional Act, however, store it under state and then after passing a series of reforms that we can maybe talk about at the end if necessary to spin out a, a new agency again.


But the typical way this will happen is the White House wants to do something or the Secretary of State or, or some sort of thought leadership node within that, or within the National Security Council pitch, the idea all the different equities that would be involved in it, whether that's the, the Defense Department, the State Department, the Central Intelligence Agency, sup supporting functions like FBI counterintelligence or DHS or, or or other Justice department and, and other people who would need be, need to know in on that OP would, would all provide their comment and input.


It would finally get approved and then it would be green lit and the appropriate grants to support that, You know, would all You know, would all flow, You know, the Pentagon would get the money, state Department would get, You know, would, would issue, would issue grants about this. And then places like USAID would do the relevant humanitarian aid work in the region that would provide the, the cover to, to juice this, whether that's doing, doing civil society activity that has a sort of civil military dual use purpose or doing, You know, civil society, You know, work in the area that has a sort of CIA state department, national interest, political warfare, You know, element to it.


And so, and then that would, that process would midwife by the National Security Council. But USAID is really unique in this process. And one of the reasons that it's gone so rogue is because USAID has always been this switch player. You know, it was created in 1961 by JFK and a point that I've stressed continually is that a lot of people are talking about this presently as if you as if JFK, You know, was purely thinking of creating USAID as, as a ma You know, magnanimous charity because of, You know, the, his high moral, You know, moral fiber and then it got corrupted through these money laundering and, and, and payoff networks that, that are being publicized.


But two weeks before JFK created USAID by executive order, he awarded the, the Green Beret to the US Special Forces and is singularly, singularly responsible for the massive upscaling of US psychological operations, civil military affairs, and unconventional warfare. You know, JFK was bogged down in Vietnam and Laos and all of these counterinsurgency debacle where the US had interest in the region. World War II had ended quite recently. The world based international order made it a big no-no to declare conventional war and, and bring in, You know, 1950 North Korea style tanks and, and, and planes and napal.


And, and so we moved into this small wars political war modality and JFK believed in that very, very strongly. You know, this is how you have places like the, You know, John F. Kennedy Center for Special Warfare that trains our, our, You know, special operations folks and You know, the, the, the whole Fort Bragg, You know, JFK special relationship during, during, during his presidency. But just two weeks after he, that historic, You know, October 21st, 1961, You know, green Beret Special Forces Event, JFK created usaid and just one month later launched Operation Pin Cushion, which was the, which sent the Green Beret sent, sent our special forces to Laos where USAID was, You know, it would, it would later turn out.


USAID very quickly played this function of supporting these very same CI backed mercenary groups that Operation Pin Kush was, was recruiting. They were sent to Laos by JFK to train and recruit these hillside gorillas in Laos as part of our southeast Asia, Vietnam, You know, connected sub war unconventional warfare effort. We sent the special forces there to recruit them. The CIA managed that CIA mercenary army. And it was USAID who paid the head of that mercenary army to acquire two US aircraft from two CIA proprietary airlines, air America and, and, and Continental Air Services.


Everyone can look this up in order to buy the planes that's, that they use to, to traffic and it's unseemly, but illegal narcotics to fund that war effort as well as humanitarian relief, re relief supplies and personnel. So U USAID has played this swing role between state CIA and DOD and, and special forces work practically from the, from the day it was born. But what's unique here is it's get out of White House approval free card. Can, can I flush this out for for a second? Most of the major CIA scandals of, of the past two decades have not actually been the CIA directly themselves.


In, in 1993, USAID created this new office to help wage the post Cold War political warfare, initially in Eastern Europe after we were trying to create political vassal states out of the former Soviet colonies in Eastern Europe. And this was called the, the Office of Transition Initiatives, O-O-T-I-U S A OTI. And it was designed to be a, a fast, flexible, rapid response capacity for USAID to do regime change work, to do political stabilization, to basically do sort of a kind of civilian special forces for civil military and political warfare work that would not have to run the traditional traps of approval.


It wouldn't be bogged down in bureaucratic red tape. And it would, it would effectively function undercover of humanitarian work as, as being A-A-C-I-A, but without having the, the, the limitations that the CI has on needing White House approval through what's called a presidential finding. So all these CI scandals popped off in the 1960s and seventies. The CI went through a bunch of reforms. This was the, the church famous Church Committee and Pike Committee hearings of 1975 and 1976, first time the US ever created a senate intelligence committee, a house Intelligence committee, to permanently oversee the CIA to stop what it had been doing, domestic political targeting at that time of left-wing Democrats, You know, from ever happening again.


Jimmy Carter won the 1976 presidential election because of these scandals. And, You know, and immediately, You know, his first year in office carried out the, the famous Halloween massacre that laid off 30% of the CI operations division in a single night and crippled their budget. By the way, tell me if that sounds familiar to what's happening right now. You know, the first month of the Trump admin one, the office because of political scandals from intelligence, You know, agency oversight, You know, hits them right away. But then Carter ran into the, ran into the I hostage situation, the national security state, the media, Ronald Reagan blamed that for, You know, blame Jimmy Carter neutering the CIA for having, for having caused that.


If we had had the CIA that we had before the Iran hostage situation would've never happened. And so there was still a black eye at CIA to get those old powers back, but they, but the, the Reagan administration wanted, wanted those powers so they couldn't get it through Congress. So what they did is they basically created new structures to, to do what used to be done by the CIA to be done by places like USAID and their newly created 1983 National Endowment for Democracy, who is, is effectively the, the operations arm of much of USAID work. And and I, I say all this to say that usaid, the reason so much of, of the worst scandals that you find are, are usaid.


And why I always say when it's too dirty for the CIA, you give it to USAID is because the CIA needs to get presidential approval for every covert action they do. They need to submit a pre, there needs to be a presidential finding that they need to do it. USAID does not. Which means if, if, if a rogue cell at CIA or special forces or, or You know, some, some wing of the State Department wants to do a dirty deed and they know the president won't approve, or in fact targets directly or indirectly the president or his international allies, they know they can't get the presidential finding, but it has to be a covert action to, to run the world. Can't find out they're doing it or what these grantees are actually doing.


All they need to do is walk next door or place a phone call or, You know, meet in a secure location and tell their friends at USAID and USAID can make the whole thing happen. Totally. You know, ba basically behind the president's back. And I can go through a bunch of examples of that, but that's what, that's how Trump got hoodwinked in term 1.0 by his own usaid. So Basically USAID is a proxy arm for CIA Department of State, the bureau, DHS, all these type intelligence organizations. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it's the, it's the great flexible swing man for any of their needs. So how Do they, how do they keep from having any oversight? Well, this is the magic of being a independent agency.


See, Is it an NGO? No, it's a formal US government agency, but they make grants and sub-grants and, and, You know, contracting work out to the NGO class. But it's an independent agency. You know, there, there's a great, there's a great US Army War College book slash extended white paper that I've been publishing receipts from for the past six months. And this is, it's from 2014 and it's, it's, it's called the DOD and USAID and analysis and recommendations for, You know, development defense cooperation going forward. And it, it looks at this relationship between DOD state and usaid and, And it compiles DOD senior leadership thoughts on how best to synchronize what they call defense diplomacy development.


You know, the, the three Ds all working together, You know, the military, the state department, and usaid, You know, because DOD has national security interest in the region, state has national interest or economic interest in the region. They need assets to play with assets to liaise with, You know, assets to build up and development creates those assets paying to create these institutions paying to co-op these institutions. So these things all go together. These three, these, these three Ds, You know, defense diplomacy development. This is 2014. This is a, this is over a decade ago. And, and in that US Army War College member, there's, there's quotes from from US generals that say that they prefer working with USAID over state, even though USAID is independent, but it's always supposed to be guided by state because even our humanitarian assistance has to serve US interests and state represents those stated interests.


But you have DOD people over a decade ago saying they prefer to work with USAID over state for several reasons that, that USAID is not bogged down by bureaucratic red tape of the, of the quote interagency knife fight that happens to the National Security Council. But that USAID quote actually does stuff. Whereas, whereas, You know, state is, is hamstrung by what they can actually do. It's a diplomatic incident if the formal diplomatic arm of the US State Department does something versus an independent aid aid agency that is there on humanitarian purpose and oh, they were using it for this, for this wrong purpose.


And so, and because there's much more oversight on state, state runs the interagency gauntlet every day of its existence, it has to persuade the White House, You know, the White House National Security Council and all the interagency partners to do something. But really the only oversight there is at USAID is what's happened is at the office of Inspector general level, You know, their own in-house accountability mechanism. And there's some great examples of how this has gone so haywire can, I don't mean to, can I keep going? Okay. There's a massive scandal for USAID and everyone can, can look this up. It was the zza scandal. And let me make clear out the gate that I do not like, and I'm not a fan of the Cuban government.


The, I don't believe in socialism. I don't believe in communism. I'm, I'm not saying what I'm about to say because I believe that the Cuban government should remain or whatnot. I, I'm, leave aside the, the, the moral question about whether or not this was the right or wrong thing to do. But here is what was done in 2014, a, a very massive scandal popped off that I think few people today, remember this was during the Biden Biden White House where USAID took humanitarian funds that were earmarked for Pakistan and used them. We are told to unilaterally create a social media website in Cuba at a time when Cuba had banned US social media, considering Twitter and Facebook and YouTube and, and the like to be, You know, arms of US statecraft.


The Obama administration was riding high at this moment from the Arab Spring and the Facebook revolutions and the Twitter revolutions that USAID and NED played such a critical role in teach, You know, funding money to these networks, training them, teaching them how to use Twitter hashtags, teaching them how to, how to coordinate Facebook posts to tell people where to protest. You know, $1.2 billion pumped in by the State Department in, in Egypt during that time, You know, For example. And so, so what USAID in their own internal documents showed is that they saw the success of the Arab Spring and they wanted to create a Cuban spring. They wanted street protests, riots, what they called smart mobs in Cuba on the basis of, of us social media that they could instrumentalize.


The problem was they didn't have the asset in the region. They couldn't get their social media in. So what they did is they, they used a, a Byzantine labyrinth of money laundering flows from these humanitarian aids earmark for Pakistan, again, back to Pakistan, and, and use that to go through a sub, a subcontractor called Creative Associates International, who's a frequent USAID contractor for this, for this dirty work. They were involved in all sorts of other ones, but it's CAI, not CIA, creative Associates International, who then basically, You know, contacted two Cuban businessmen to create a identical version of Twitter except, but for Cubans. And it was Zza NEO is is Cuban for, for Hummingbird.


It's basically even simulated the bird. It had the like button, the retweet button. And the U s A documents showed that, that their plan was to, You know, get about a hundred thousand, You know, recruit people onto this platform in their own words with algorithms and feeds and promotion of, of that this was the site to share sports music and hurricane updates. That's their direct phrase in their own internal documents. But that once they had gotten a critical mass of users on, on the site between like 60,000, a hundred thousand, they would shift the algorithms. They would, they would use the data that they hoovered up from Cubans signing up, taking note of their political proclivities, the network clusters they'd formed in order to get them to take to the streets in, in a violent revolution, protest against, against the, the Cuban government to form what they called smart mobs.


And basically at the appropriate moment, once they've, they'd got them in to get them to, to overthrow their government. Now, this is a classic CIA covert action. This has massive diplomatic implications for the United States government if this kind of thing is revealed. That's why the CIA is in charge of this stuff because the CIA is the political warfare arm of the State Department. The State Department is maintains our diplomatic relations and posture with the, with the, the foreign world. The reason USAID is not supposed to be doing covert action, the CIA is, is because if there's diplomatic blowback, it should be diplomatic organs who are doing it. But, but what USAID said, You know, so evidently there was no presidential finding for that.


They ran it, You know, this. So without President Obama's approval, at least that's the, the official story. And when, You know, senate staffers during the oversight could not get access, they, so the Senate intelligence, Senate Foreign Relations Committee said they were duped. The interagency of of the White House said they were duped. You know, the official story, and they had public hearings on this, By the way, I believe, in 2014. The official story is that U S A did this whole thing in-house. And the, and they, they did it because it was so-called discreet rather than covert that it was not a formal covert action. It was simply, You know, discreet democracy promotion work to bring democracy to Cuba.


But that's a, if they ran that in the Obama administration, imagine what was done. You know, Trump wanted to knock out isis, ISIS according to the previous White House. You know, we have WikiLeaks emails of Jake Sullivan saying to Hillary Clinton, Al-Qaeda is on our side in Syria. And that effectively, You know, ISIS was a useful friend against Bahar. Alad Trump wants to knock out isis. Hey, how do you fund money to ISIS if the president wants to eradicate isis? If you still want to use them as assets in the region, well, you're not gonna get interagency approval if the CCIA a does it at covert action. What if USAID does it? And that's how you see all this u s a money flowing to ISIS and Al-Qaeda and Taliban groups.


I think they just found 122 million from usaid, You know, to them just this week. I guarantee that number is a lot higher than that. And in fact, Trump's White House, Trump's OIG who just took over USAID before they, You know, this, this recent action just published a memo where he said, this is unbeknownst to the entire American public until now, that actually there's a big fat loophole at, at usaid where their, their contractors evidently don't need to. And there may be some, I may, there may be a, a technical, You know, everyone can read that OIG report, John Solomon, just the news published all of this. But effectively USAID can look the other way because there are no restrictions on their contractors in terms of their, You know, OFAC and, and, and counter counter-terrorism mon money flow throughs, or at least there's giant loopholes in them.


So USAID can fund terrorist groups and, and get away with it in a way that no other US government agency can. Wow. You know, I mean, I know we're meddling in a lot of elections and media and all that kind of stuff, and I, I mean, I, I don't necessarily audience probably gonna kill me for this, but I, I mean, we do have to do that in certain situations. Would you not agree? This is where it gets really dicey. And this is what's where I'm in a really difficult position. 'cause we have two, fundamentally, there are, there are, there are two simultaneous tasks that appear to people who are new to this cinematic universe that are in massive conflict with each other.


One is given that this thing broke its sworn oath that it would never be used against the American people. And given the sheer depth and scale of what was weaponized, the American people need to know about it. And massive action has to be taken in order to not, not just knock it out, but salt the earth and stop it from ever rising again. So you need, you need to go extremely hard in terms of showing the, the extent of it. On the other hand, this has been, You can make a very compelling argument the reason that Americans have the standard of life that they do, and have the advantages and privileges of the world's most powerful nation.


That it does, you can make a very, very compelling argument that, that our, that that the rise of America to the preeminent world power in the 20th century would not have been remotely possible without this blob apparatus. You know, that what, You know, I come back to this concept of no, no blob, no pencils. You know, if you, if you can't even make a pencil in this country, unless you have a mechanism to be able to influence foreign governments, if they nationalize their graphite mines or the export of their, You know, gum trees in Malaysia, or the ability to potentially make inroads or liaise with or change the minds of unions that go on strike that, You know, that impact cri You know, US national interest.


This is the reason that our corporations are so powerful. They rely on the battering ram of the blob. You know, in, in the early 1970s when, when, You know, in Chile, when, when, You know, there was an attempt to nationalize the bottling industry before we ran, that, that coup, that coup was, was jointly coordinated, not just between the head of the, the CIA, but between the, but the chairman of, of the Pepsi Cola company. You know, Pepsi met with the head of the CIA Don Kendall, You know, met with Helms, and this is all declassified. You, can you read a Great Guardian report, You know, read up, write up on this or any of the major national security think tanks.


Basically, Pepsi's bottling operations in South America we're, we're being threatened. The, the chairman of of Pepsi, Don Kendall arranged a meeting with Henry Kissinger and said, Hey, You know, we need to stop this from happening. Kissinger, then put, put him in touch with the head of the CIA Pepsi, the head of the CIA and the state department's media mogul in, in Chile, all met to jointly coordinate the best way to take down the government and take it down. Indeed we did.


It's seeming more and more like we're about to hit an inflation cycle like we saw in the seventies. President Reagan once said that inflation is as violent as a mugger, as frightening as an armed robber and as deadly as a hitman. And I couldn't agree more. The price of gold during the last inflation cycle during the seventies was a saving grace for a lot of people that were trying to protect their savings. That's why I want you to go to Sean likes gold.com to learn more about my partners over at Goldco. They're a great company, impeccable customer service. And for my listeners, they're gonna give you a free gold and silver kit where you can learn about how precious metals could help protect your money. And lucky for you, you could also get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. To learn more, call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold or visit sean likes gold.com. That's 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold, or visit sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


Even if you're working hard to support yourself and your family, it can still seem like you're taking a financial step backwards instead of forward every month, bills get higher, paychecks stay the same. You end up swiping that credit card to cover the difference and the debt keeps adding up. But if you own a home, my friends at American Financing can help you break free from that cycle. American Financing is saving people just like you, an average of $800 a month and even better, it costs nothing to find out how much you can save. All it takes is a quick call to American Financing. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today and start your journey towards being credit card debt free. 8 6 6 7 8 180 900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or American Financing dot net slash ss.


You see this happen time and again, how many governments have been overthrown in the interest of ExxonMobil and Chevron and other, You know, Western major oil companies, but hey, that's how we have cheap oil. You know, this is how, You know, we, you can make an argument that this is how we have energy dominance. So, and you can make the same argument about media, right? Many people just this week are finding out that 90% of media outlets in Ukraine are funded by the US government. And if you're totally new to this space, and you are rightly and righteously livid at finding out the extent of your own media ecosystem, and, You know, diet has been puppeteered co-opted and financially sponsored by the, by the government that is supposed to stay outta that domestically, you see these statistics and you go burn it down, salt the earth.


We've been told from elementary school to our own media outlets here that we have a free and independent press and that there's no role for the government in the media. The government media's independent from government. That's the difference between us and the Soviet Union and China is we have, we have free and independent media. They have state run media. You know, that's what distinguishes a democracy on auto. And I totally understand the impulse, and I believe as much as possible reforms need to be implemented. Criminal penalties need to be attached for violating it. Treble damages for civil suits, even be able to sue the agencies if they don't do oversight of the NGOs who, who operate domestically. But people who are, have not gone through their five stages of depression about the true extent of the USAID Truman Show be before you, You know, before you proceed to the final evolution of the, of these reforms.


Imagine a world where there's zero of that, right? Imagine a world where 0% of media outlets or soft or You know, soft power hearts and minds work is sponsored by the US government in Latin America, south America, Sub-Saharan African, Sub-Saharan Africa, middle East, north Africa, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, central Asia, far East Asia, Eurasia. Imagine a world where there is zero influence whatsoever, and other countries are not going to stop that, stop doing that, that work. We won elections doing this, and in doing so, we won favors for US corporations who in turn had skyrocketing and ever expanding corporate profits, which in turn created the ability to hire Americans for jobs and to buy houses and to have, You know, and, and to be able to buy health insurance and to be able to have a 401k of savings and to be able to pass down inherited wealth.


But another problem this is, is the MAGA movement, again, has not really had to deal with this dirty work abroad because the pri the primary concern has been what's six inches in front of your face. My schools are have this woke curricula, my infrastructure's, You know, crumbling. My kids can't afford to buy a home until they're 45 years old. But the other part is that this mission statement of the blob to do this got corrupted as globalization destroyed the predicate for doing this dirty work in the first place. Okay? We overthrow the government of, of, of Chile for Pepsi. We overthrow the government of e of Iran for, for oil and gas.


You know, we, we overthrow the, the, the government of some central African country to get the lithium in the cobalt nominally. This is all supposed to help American corporations and, and American citizens. And, and, but what happens when those corporations outsource all their jobs to, to far to farmers? Yeah. What happens when they're not hiring American labor? What happens when they're not even building their manufacturing plants here? Who are we doing these favors for? When you have globalist corporations and, and you have, You know, and you have, You know, globalist corporate boards and they've got no skin in the game. These are, these are not, These are multinational corporations in most of their, their export markets are to foreign customers at this point.


Most of their labor pools are, are foreign citizens. Most of their infrastructure, the facilities that they're building. This is why we had the heartland turn into the rust belt. It's because when you have these steel companies and you have these manufacturing places build their facilities somewhere else, it's not just the citizens, it's the entire regional development that goes away. So we, so this whole concept of reaganite trickle down economics, that's what's good for the private sector, is good for the private citizen, has become completely divorced. And this is how you have this rogue blob that is stealing us taxpayer money, citing a sort of reaganite, You know, economic principle for doing this trickle down to the American citizens.


But when you have this globalist conceit, there's no trickle down, all you're doing is, is helping the, the, the Wall Street and London private equity firms and financial firms and equity holders and, and, and huge salaries for the C-suite, the directors and officers and shareholders of this college of corporations that, that aren't even, don't even represent the citizens anymore. And there's ways to put firewalls, By the way, and this is what I'm trying to educate the American people about. For example, you shouldn't even be able to qual we're, we're gonna make the reforms. Let's, let's, let's assume to the worst of this dirty work, right?


Just like we did in the seventies, we used to assassinate people. The CI did the CI had whole assassination guides, scandals in the sixties and seventies come out. We said, okay, okay, no more assassinations. Okay, we can still do regime change work, but we can't authorize the killing of people in, in, in a, You know, of a, of a, of a political figure, You know, outside terrorism and covert action. Okay, well, you can do these for these other ROE activities. But in addition to that, any stakeholder in a State department operation or a USAID or that's assisted by US special forces for, for great power competition has to meet some threshold of how much investment they're doing on the American soil.


How many Americans they're employing on US soil, You know, how, how many contributions they've made to, to the, to, to Americans and, and the American economy. You, you can't have this helping, you can't have American taxpayers funding this globalist gut if this is done for nationalist reasons to help Americans, Americans have to be the beneficiaries of that. So these, this is all part of this course. So That's, so that's, that was my next question is how do we, I mean, it is important that we are involved when we need to be in media, in politics, in the, in these companies. And so what I was gonna ask is how do we effectively do that now that USAIDs pretty much shut down.


And so that, is that what you're saying? You, they would have to work deals with the company, with the international companies to employ there, there has to be oversight over the companies that are being funded by usaid. I'm saying that's part of the reforms because people need to keep this in mind as, as, as a sort of nascent Trump world foreign policy establishment. You know, there was a, a republican foreign policy establishment, You know, for the past six years, but they've all been the, the NeoCon faction that was, You know, represented the McCain, the Romney, the, the Liz Cheney, the Nikki Haley types. And I'm not even trying to draw a personal beef when I say that, You know, you can make the argument that this is sort of the foreign policy school that Marco Rubio was substantially supported by.


And You know, that, that drew that distinction in 2016 between Rubio and Trump at the time. But I think Rubio, like JD Vance, JD Vance, You know, was, was not a Trump ally, You know, in, in the beginning either. But, You know, they've, I think that Rubio is doing it, frankly, an incredible job so far. But the whole of Trump world is going to need to synchronize the, You know, what their North star is for these foreign policy divisions. And, and I'm trying to say that it's, it's a package deal. The thing about USAID was because of how flexible it was and because of how dirty it could be. Again, when it's too dirty for the cia, a you give it to usaid and it's been this way for 20, 30 years at least.


It was a shortcut. It was a shortcut that could close gaps quickly. And, And it's also a shortcut, For example, if you're not going to do regime change work, and You know, the, and the, the, the highest ROI to be able to secure the petroleum, to be able to secure the lithium, the cobalt, the aluminum, the copper, the zinc, the timber, the, the import export markets, the military bases. Well, you're gonna need to find other ways to offset the power you've lost by doing this. So For example, Trump in the oil and gas space, Trump is, You know, you can see a creative way of, of trying to offset this.


Like For example, let's just say a a, a country who we depend on for petroleum access goes rogue, shakes off the yoke of, of, of, You know, us soft power in the region, say Azerbaijan or, or, or something. And you, you lose the petroleum because you lost your ability to influence those elections. Well, now you need to offset that. Well, in, in Trump's case, he's saying drill baby drill domestically. So there's ways that you can maybe offset that, or maybe you could, you can find other levers for carrots and stick sticks that prevent, that. Don't rely on tapping into this dark arts sorcery work, For example, I believe one of those things that just like with banning the CI's ability to do assassinations after, after the seventies, is banning social media censorship diplomacy, USAID's huge role in social media censorship.


That isn't that, that's one of those assassinations level things that has to be completely banned by law in whatever continuing function USAID has in any USAID administrator or someone who's caught doing that. There should be criminal penalties. There should be civil penalties with treble damages for every US citizen who's impacted by that. And 'cause this is, this is impacting us, us taxpayers paying to have this cloak and dagger work target them. That's there, there has to be recourse for that. But I'll say you can create those categories, but it also has to touch the, the corporate side for the stakeholder group. Because otherwise, who are you doing this for? What are American interest national interests? So do you think, You know, now that u USAID is pretty much, You know, we've cut 'em off at the knees and the, and we've established that it's pretty much gone rogue.


I mean, do you think we're gonna see any, I mean, what does it look like without them? Because they did play an important role, You know, in history in a lot of different things. And so, You know, what, what are the ramifications gonna be now that they're, they've, they've had their legs chopped off. I mean, what do you, what do you think some implications might be? I hesitate to concede that they fully had their legs chopped off because the, of, of a number of reasons. One is even assuming, so they're moving over to the state department. Now, what I've been telling, You know, I, I do all these private live streams for, for my ex subscribers and for 14 months I've been telling every, You know, every lecture I've done, I've said X-ray through every time you see USAID and look, and you have to see the state department everywhere.


They're not usaid, they've, they're state department, they've always been state department. There's never been an an inch of daylight. Now they sort of start with that because when you get to the, there, actually, there actually is in the sense that it's a switch player between these other interagencies and they have more flexibility to do this rogue work than state. But they are fundamentally supposed to be a state department function. They are independent, but they're supposed to be guided by state, and they only exist to advance the foreign policy stipulated goals set by state. And, but what difference does it make? Leave aside the flexible covert action under, under discreet democracy promotions of, leave aside the accountability, get out of White House approval free card aspect of it.


What difference does it make to shut down usaid if you move everything over to the State Department? It's a state department role. Anyway, there was, there was intense debate about whether even to make it an independent agency because it's fundamentally the State Department. It's the same debate that George Kennon had with, with his peers in 1948 when they created the function for covert action in the first place. For the CIA, George Kenon was the guy who authored NSC 10 dash two, the National Security memo that established the plausible deniability doctrine for the Central Intelligence Agency to do covert action pol political warfare, e economic sabotage, propaganda and, and, and information black ops, the whole gamut of everything that the cis authorized to lie about so that the, so that our government can deny to us and to the world that they're actually doing it.


Two, two months before George Kennon authored NSC 10 dash two and gave us the national security structure that we currently live under. He wrote this memo that I talk about frequently called the Inauguration of Organized Political Warfare. This is on April 30th, 1948. This was two weeks after the CI's first mostly unauthorized covert action to rig and influence the course of, and ultimately win the Italian election in Italy, which was the first election in Italy after World War ii, that pitted a, a US backed pro-Western candidate against a communist Soviet backed candidate. And the CIA did all sorts of dirty work in there.


They had their assets stuffing ballot boxes using mafia mussel to shut down opposition meetings. We bought the media in the, in the, in the region. We worked with all the religious groups in the charities. The people involved in that operation, You know, publicly wrote in the me memoirs that we would've lost that election, if not for the ci. James Woolsey even defended that regime change operation on Fox News in 2017 when he was asked just a ci still, You know, Russia's meddling in our elections, we don't meddle in foreign elections. And he, You know, said, well, You know, we used to do that sort of thing, You know, in Italy and in Greece, and he's referring to this, this event that I'm talking about.


And then he said, and then she says, well, we don't do that anymore though, right? And he goes, well, chuckle, chuckle, chuckle only in the interests of democracy. You know, basically. But, but at that point there was no authorized CIA covert action to do it. They were a spy agency. They were on the ground. They took the reins and run. And Expost fact facto, George Kennon 12 days later says, Hey, this thing was gangbusters. This, we, we just, we just swung the entire course of the Italian election doing this. We need to do this everywhere. And in fact, we need to create the capacity to do this everywhere, even if we don't intend to use it. 'cause this was a real last minute effort, last, last time.


We need this capacity in place, our assets in the organized labor, our assets in the judiciary, our assets in the media, our assets in the movies and culture, even if we don't intend to, just in case we, we ever need to. And he called this the, the inauguration of organized political warfare. And something like 15 to 20 times in this, in this memo, he presupposes that it's going to be parked at what he, he wanted to set up inside the State Department called the Bureau of Political Warfare. And that it would be a formal, that, that what we now call ci covert activity would simply be another office at the Harry s Truman Building in Washington DC in Foggy Bottom, not in Langley, Virginia. And it would be called the Bureau of Political Warfare.


But he goes over the reason why we might not want to structure it that way, we might wanna put it at another agency, which would come to be the CIA. And he talks about how the, the the funding, the the funding for it may not be able to be disguised on the state department's books. It may raise too many questions there, and there may be too much of a, You know, for, for, for this sort of covert activity, it may be best because it's political warfare and it's really dirty and it's huge diploma, black Blow back and State Department, You know, has to report its finances very publicly. And there's, You know, we created the State Department the very first meeting of, of Congress of the United States of America in 1789.


It was the first agency we, we created. It's ancient, everything runs through it. So he said it might be best actually to have this done, but it should still work constantly with the State Department. It's fundamentally a state department function, but perhaps it should be parked somewhere else. And then two months later, boom, CCIA NSC 10 dash two was tasked to do the thing that was originally anticipated for the State Department Office of Political warfare. The same thing is happening right now with usaid. That's all this is. They're just going to create, and in fact, everyone can read Max Boot, the, You know, arch Council on farm relations, You know, never Trump NeoCon, You know, You know, constant voice on, on the think tank space against all things Trump world.


He pinned a article, I believe it was during the Trump administration where he called for this exact same structure to be set up to create that we should not shy away from, from this sort of work or, or hide the fact that we, that we do them, we should, we should create a formal track at USAID called the, the career track for political warfare. And it should be called a Bureau of Political Warfare inside of usaid. And PE people should be trained specifically for this function of usaid, You know, early in their careers. And it should not be something that, that's a big scandal. And so we have a limited personnel pool because nobody wants to say that's what they do. They should be celebrated.


We need to turn the culture around so that, so that when USAID can do this, they've got a much bigger and better network to do this. And, and we're now rang into that. So I don't actually see u s A going away when you move it at state. Okay? You are inheriting, and this is an uncooked phrase, but I I think the visceral imagery is intended to make this stick closing the Ronald Reagan building and moving the, all of those funds. If it's a billion in, in overhead moving, just if you keep all the grants and move that 43 billion into the State Department, the State Department just inherits a USAID herpes infection. It's the same problems.


It's this, it's this, it's, it's a, it's this tumor, this growth, this permanent flare up that, that, now it's just, there's no difference between other than the structural and, and that that allows you to get away from oversight, which is what I'm saying. But frankly, there'd be no difference if you shut down Langley headquarters and you created a Office of Political warfare at, at at state for do that, to do that if you shut down USAID headquarters and created an office for international development at State, now you have, you're making Marco Rubio at that point, the most powerful Secretary of state in American history when you do that. But fundamentally, the problem was there was not oversight or repercussions for, for, for wrongdoing and rogue activity at usaid.


And so it's coming back to the place it, it was intended to be spawned out of. Yeah, I just, I just see, You know, the pulse of America right now hates usaid and while they are rogue, they do play an important role. It is stuff that we need to be involved in, You know, Venezuela, Iran, Russia, China, I mean, just to name a couple. We, we, we need to be involved in that kind of stuff and, and, and to, to do kind of like what we're talking about, to influence. And, and so it's just in the meantime, You know, they've done a lot of corrupt shit.


So, You know, you had mentioned an organization, the Atlantic, something with seven former CIA directors. What is That? Yeah, the Atlantic Council build itself as NATO's think tank effectively. You know, they, you can, the easiest way to think of them is the sort of civil, civil military, semi clandestine, even though it's public facing coordinating arm for, for NATO priorities. So, so when you have, NATO is obviously the Western World's Military Alliance, and so they're concerned with the military, You know, activity of us, You know, France, you, the, the whole, You know, all, all the NATO countries and it's their sort of consensus military activity.


But, and people are, You know, finding this out who are mostly concerned with domestic policy. They're finding this out more and more with this USAID story, which is that a huge, and sometimes the most important and dispositive element in military work is actually the civil affairs is actually the, the, the political and civil society topography of the target country and, And its regional partners, allies and, and adversaries. And that oftentimes it's that the political which de which determines the military result much more so than the military activity itself.


We're seeing this, For example, with Georgia sku, right? NATO wants to build the military base right there and just point like a gun out at Crimea. And this will obviously put the people of Romania put a big fat kick me sign on their back from Russia. The, You know, the moment this goes operational, okay, well, NATO doesn't want that to happen. NATO could NATO roll into Romania right now and run a, You know, Yugoslavia runback like 1995 and 1999, and Georgia qui gets elected, You know, gets, You know, gets elected head of state decides to, to cancel the, the NATO air base, kick everyone out, kind of a diplomatic incident if they roll in and, You know, napalm raid, You know, from from fighter jets and drones, the sitting government of Romania, just because they ran the, they that party won the election and, and decided to cancel the military base.


So the military can't do that directly. What they need is the civil military, they need the civil side of military operations to make that election result not happen. And you see the same thing. It's not just always about tilting elections. Sometimes it's about the passage of a law, For example, Ukraine, there was a lot of tense debates about the post 2014 Maan revolution governments in Ukraine's stance towards the Russian half of the country, the Russian ethnics, the Russian speaking portion pop part of the country, the, the, the representation of the Russian side of the story on Ukrainian tv or on social media or culture or the religious issues around the, the Russian Orthodox Church.


Well, every bit of, of pro-Russia institution, institutional Affinity Link that's cleaved out of Ukrainian politics or civil society helps further achieve the NATO goal of folding Ukrainian into nato and of, of helping, You know, Ukraine at that point, You know, militarily achieve reconquest of the breakaway donbas in, in Crimea region. And so, but the problem is, is if Zelensky didn't want to do that, For example, in May, 2019, when, when, when he took office or April, 2019, if he didn't wanna do that, it would kind of be a diplomatic incident for nato.


If, You know, they ran strafing air raids over over Kiev until he promised to kick the Russian language off of, You know, off of Ukrainian tv effectively, You know, ban or or place extreme limits on, on the, on the Russian Orthodox Church influence if he, if he defied the IMF and its privatization plan for Ukrainian's energy assets, NATO wants that done, but NATO can't be the one to do it. They can't have their fingerprints on the gun. So what they need is a sprawling civil military whole of society capacity to have that political result achieved, but have it come from the civil institutions in and around that.


And that's how you have the scandal of things like the Ukrainian of the Red Lines memo, 70 US government funded NGOs, all, all signatory to the USAID funded as well as NATO funded, and us, US State Department funded Ukraine crisis media center crisis management. This is, this is the US and NATO funded umbrella arm. You know, this, we're, we talk about this, 90% of Ukrainian media, well, a lot of this is run, is run outta these centralized US umbrella groups that coordinate the, the media surround sound of all these different NGOs and media organizations. And one of the major ones, it's called the Ukraine Crisis Media Center.


Well, I've talked about this before. One month, You know, zelensky takes office April, 2019 and May, 2019, the Ukraine Crisis Media Center issues zelensky, a red lines memo saying that you, that zelensky will, will, will suffer political instability if he crosses any of the 25 listed below red lines that touched Zelensky ability to negotiate with Russia about energy affairs, negotiate with Russia, about, about security affairs, block the privatization efforts of major Ukrainian industries, deviate in any way from the path to accession into the eu, You know, into, into, into the NATO and surrounding EU bodies.


It had a section for their education, for their culture, for their language, for their media, for their energy policies, for their security policies. It's not just the USAID Truman show in terms of what us as civilians think are organic institutions, but are in fact, You know, USAID proxies. It's the policies of sitting governments. Zelensky has only, well only became the head of state for Ukraine because of the political instability. This very same USAID network inflicted on Victor Yakovich. However you feel about him, I'm not even opining an opinion, but the fact is, is he was run out of office in a rental riot operation where all of the major groups involved were USAID funded.


So, You know, easy come, easy go. And what they're saying is twice in that memo, the top line of it says red, these are red lines, cross them incivility. They say it right again in bold, in the memo right before the 70 signatories message received. But NATO can't say that directly because hey, that's an attack on democracy. If NATO says it, we're supposed to have a civilian around government. So you need a civilian front for the, for the, for the military consensus. That's why the US Department of Defense pays over a million dollars a year to the Atlanta Council and why they have seven CIA directors on their board to juice the capacity to create this civilian front for a military monster.


Interesting, interesting. Let's move into some domestic stuff with usaid. What is the relationship with USAID in our universities like Harvard? Yeah, well, USAID does grant funding, USAID builds thought leadership thought. So academics, academic universities function as a kind of s super turbocharged, NGO, You know, they are 5 0 1 c threes. They are non-profits, just like the NGOs are. They are not for-profit. You can give them a a lot more money without, without the unseemly blowback of looking like USAID is picking winners and losers in, in private sector, You know, private sector partnerships.


And so USAID funds, research grants, usaid, You know, funds, departments and centers and institutions in order to make all these things happen. So For example, with the Wuhan lab, how did, how did u s a end up paying, You know, like $15 million effectively to the, the Wuhan Institute of Virology for, You know, for the, You know, to, to create bat born, jumped from animal to human gain of function, gain of function, SARS cov to two frankensteinian freak monster viruses.


How did, why are there USAID fingerprints on, on that, on that work? Well, it's because it's run through universities who then put the pass through funding in order to do that. That money initially went to, For example, I believe it was uc Davis, it was, You know, the University of California. Then it went to through to EcoHealth Alliance, You know, which is, You know, this famous, You know, it was e EcoHealth Alliance was famous for its, I believe NIH and HHS grants. This was the famous case of, You know, it being barred after the revelations of the past few years. I believe EcoHealth Alliance has now barred from being able to get future grants, but they got his pass through money, and then they then, You know, pass the money, You know, then that, that money flowed to the, the Wuh Wuhan Institute.


And so through this nonprofit sphere, you can, you can create evermore layers of plausible liability that the US government was behind this, that the US government wanted to do this for whatever reason, you can make the argument that we create that gain of function is not actually to be, You know, deployed as a biological warfare weapon, or it's not actually to be sort of leaked to destabilize, You know, a popular government like the Trump administration. But actually it's, we, we do this gain of research function in order to, to build vaccines in order to, if somebody else builds something like this, we have a way to counter somebody else's biological warfare thing.


This is the same argument. You can think of the Mockingbird media apparatus, the USAID Truman Show in the media space. You can make the same argument that, listen, we fund this Truman show. We find 90% of countries, You know, media complex while sort of either lying about it or trying to hide people from knowing about it, like protesting these foreign Agent Registration Act type things, be be because if we don't do it, somebody else to Russia could do it, China could do it. And so we need to be in the game. This thing's dual use. We're not necessarily just doing this to Blair Propaganda, but it's to counter foreign country's propaganda. Same thing with the, with why we, the justification for gain of function and building freak mutant, You know, viruses and jumping them from animals to human.


We create these viruses that never existed in a lab in order to create vaccines against hypothetical future viruses and to build the knowledge base of academic researchers and medical researchers in the field. So even if we don't, aren't able to have the vaccines, we're able to quickly close the gap in the future to do that. We're learning more about the sciences by expanding beyond the current set of virus suites that we've seen. That's a policy debate that I'm not even entering into. But, but the fact is, is this is what, this is what we do. We do this at every major university and universities in turn often function as arms of the state. For example, when the, the, the state, US State Department and, and the CIA and usaid, You know, USAID created the Office of Transition Initiatives, OTI in 1993.


That was when we were privatizing Russia. Well, who functioned as, as in many respects, as the long arm of the State Department at during that time, often representing, You know, state departments in, in diplomatic is effectively a, a diplomatic interlocutor was the Harvard, the Harvard, Harvard University Harvard Endowment was working hand in glove. In fact, everyone can read about this, published in mainstream media. The Harvard Boys Do Russia or Read Casino Moscow or any number of write-ups. This is all openly acknowledged that Harvard was effectively a, a shadow diplomacy arm. And it was able to, You know, it put a massive favor in the favor bank to the US because they led the shock therapy.


They led the privatization of, of trillion dollars in state-owned assets of the Soviet Empire to be bought up at f fire sale prices by Wall Street and London stakeholders. They love what, what, what they were doing. Now, I should note, this is the same relationship that happens at the NGOs. Take For example, the Tide Center, okay? We talked about this before. The Tide Center is, You know, known as by many conservatives as a sort of notorious left Wing Soros network, because I believe Soros gave at least like $14 million or something to the Tide Center. And the Tide Center is the Dark Money Network hub that is a 5 0 1 C3, but you can't see what money flows to any of its projects that are not 5 0 1 c threes, but that get their five one C3 through the Tide Center.


And so Black Lives Matter Foundation gets his 5 0 1 C3 through the Tide Center, USAID gave them $27 million FJP Fair and just prosecutions, which is the effective puppeteer of, at least according to the Media Research Center report. And the daily wire reports on this, which broke all these in insider internal documents. They give their marching orders to Leticia James and Alvin Bragg and the people prosecuting our presidents while, while effectively pressuring them to do so, while representing the donor network that makes up their elect reelection campaigns. This is a massive conflict of interest. And where do they get their 5 0 1 C3 from the $27 million gr You know, reci, You know, USAID grantee recipient and, and, but what do those grants look like?


Well, the Tide Center is has, You know, I think one of these is about a $25 million grant from from U S A to the Tide Center. For the Tide Center to quote, and I, and, and everyone can look this up, I, I believe I'm stating this accurately to secure concrete commitments from, from foreign, foreign countries for certain foreign policy goals that are hinted at in the grant. Of course, this is another issue because of the secrecy around usaid. These grant descriptions are very, very nominal. You know, instead of the, You know, 10 paragraphs or instead, You know, it, it's just oftentimes it's 50 word descriptions for hundreds of millions of dollars worth of, of grants. And in this case, the Tide Center is being formally deputized to negotiate with secure foreign commitments from secure commitments for the United States government, from foreign governments.


They're being deputized. And this may I forgive, this may be the, this may be the Tides Foundation rather than the Tides Center, which is its sister entity, but this is the Tides network that is, and, but that's what Harvard did, and that's what all these universities who get USAID funding do when, when they are involved in these, in that gooey line between domestic university researchers or domestic centers, but they have cultural exchange events with the people in Pakistan and the EN and the energy engineers there, like the Arizona State University For example, or, or, or Harvard or Stanford or MIT, these at international touch points in every one of those touch points can double as an instrument of state craft.


And what's a big fat juicy incentive to go out and do that state craft to achieve US State Department ends big fat grant funding from the US State Department, usaid and frequently DARPA and the US Defense Department, How are they manipulating immigration? USAID together with the US State Department's Bureau for Refugee population and migration, refugee population and migration last year alone, according to I believe the, I believe it was the Center for Immigration Studies gave 1.6, it was 1.4 or $1.6 billion to the migrant groups who, who formed the illegal migrant trail from South America and Latin America up into the southern border, paying for their food, their, their transport, their shelter, giving them o often cash debit cards.


So this is a billion and a half dollars that USAID in conjunction, 'cause again, USAID always x-ray through USAID is the mask. State Department is mask off. So it's no wonder that they're, that they jointly coordinate this, but it's, it's the specific immigration wing of the State Department for refugee population of migration together with USAID billion and a half dollars, just a, I believe it's a single year alone, maybe the, the, the whole Biden administration to, to a web of over 200 NGOs who, who every step of the way capacity build illegal immigrants to make the voyage safely and comfortably and can, and can pay their whole way through in order to violate US immigration law and to illegally enter and make their new lives here in this country.


And some of this gets really, really ugly. And I'll give you an example of this. USAID is doing that, And it was administered for the, for the whole of the Biden administration by Samantha Power, Samantha Power's husband and i, I don't normally feel it's appropriate to mention family members, but they are both political and in the Biden administration's government doing a one two punch on this issue. So, You know, it's, this is not about the personal, this is just because these two things are connected At this hour. I'm Christina w in Dallas, and here are your top stories. The ex-chief of the U S A ID Samantha Power reportedly experienced a spike in her net worth during the time she served as the chief of U S A ID, the organization that oversees hundreds of billions of dollars in global funding and is now under intense scrutiny from Doge audits being conducted by Elon Musk and his team.


According to inside Biden's basement and financial records, power made $180,000 a year as Joe Biden's appointee. In those three years, her wealth jumped from 6.7 million to a whopping $30 million, leaving many on social media, questioning how her net worth made such a significant jump in such a short amount of time. Cass Sunstein was a very infamous figure in conservative world for a long time because he was the, the author, I believe in 2008, 2007, 2008, of a famous white paper called Conspiracy Theories, which made the argument that the US federal government needs to infiltrate the online space and infiltrate the, the cognitive intelligentsia of alternative movements.


You know, at the time it was, he was concerned about things like nine 11 conspiracy theories on YouTube, undermining the diplomatic posture and standing of the United States and our military posture. If, if these popularities, if these theories gained steam, it would massively de, You know, degrade the ability to, to wage, You know, war in Afghanistan and Iraq and build an international coalition. And so he made the argument, and I'm not weighing in on this By the way, substantively, but this is simply what he said, and everyone can look this up. This is Samantha Power's husband, who's current, who then joined Samantha Power on the other end of this. Actually, maybe I'll start with that side of the story. He moved over while, while Samantha Power was head of USAID running this program, spending a billion half dollars to fund illegal immigrants to make their, make their way from foreign countries into our country illegally.


DHS is responsible for, for managing that and stopping that and, and catching them. Cass Sunstein moved over to DHS in order to help run the immigration policy, where he was basically a senior advisor on immigration policy around the open border that left the whole thing open. So you have the one-two punch, Samantha Power is funding the machine so that they all get here and, You know, her husband is at DHS in, You know, You know, creating and popularizing and implementing the policies that make sure there's no, there's, there's catch and release and the whole, the whole thing's open and we can't do anything to stop 'em once they get here.


So, You know, interagency approval, you might say, but it's, it's all in-house right there. But the other part of this is, this gets back to the role of USAID and psychological operations and why USAID needs to lie about what it does abroad and why it needs to lie about what it does to our own oversight organs and the people, the US citizens who vote for it. So Sunstein writes this, You know, conspiracy theories thing, and, and he argues whether you agree with it or not. A lot of people will never even think about that. You know, when they're considering the merits of such a thing that these things, if they gain steam, have massive diplomatic, diplomatic implications. You're gonna convince France to, You know, contribute to the war effort.


You're gonna contribute, you convince Germany and the UK or You know, You know, while they believe they see things on, on YouTube that make their own parliamentarians or Prime minister, You know, question the predicate for it. You can understand the national security impulse to want to do this work. I'm not saying that's the thing to do, By the way, believe me. But so, so it was called conspiracy theories, this initial paper. And it made the argument that the US Federal government needs to develop a new capacity to infiltrate these movements and develop methods to either neutralize them or reroute their cognitive thought leadership in order to avoid the outcome that results in free and unfettered alternative media popularizing ideas that could undermine the workings of the State Department or, or the US military.


Then he then quickly thereafter, he writes a book called Nudge. Nudge is basically the Holy Bible for the, the censorship industry. And the, it's, it's basically required reading for anyone who wants to have a career in discounting disinformation or disinformation studies, if you will, or information integrity or digital resilience or media literacy. This is the, the sort of, it lays out the gospel and, and it's called Nudge because it's, it's a book about how to get people to do things without top, without top down coercion, the appearance of auto autocratic, coercive control and, but how getting them to do it anyway, how do you Steph shove people to do it?


'cause that's what Russia and China do. Nudge 'em, find a way to get them to do it without your fingerprints being on it, without, without it drawing. The same critiques that would have if, if the Russian or Chinese government decide to do this. And it, and what it's about, You know, it's, it's, it's about creating this kind of whole of society surround sound. The State Department wants to do it. DOD wants to do it. CIA wants to do it. USAID wants to do it. Okay? We don't need to make it formal government policy. We don't need to throw people in jail if they do it. If they do it, we need to create, You know, and, and, and nudge itself is primarily about the behavioral role of this, but also the behavioral psychology behind this, but also about the role of institutions and making this happen.


But what you do is you, instead of doing, instead of doing top down, you AstroTurf a bottom up and you create a middle out in a whole society. You don't want, you want people to feel like their lives will be over if they, if they challenge it, but you can't criminalize it. We have a First Amendment. Well, what if there are, you raise the cost of that behavior, You know, it's incentives, it's carrots and sticks. How do we heighten the cost of doing that? What assets do we need in civil society in order to achieve this? Well, if they lose their, if they're de platformed, they can't access their wedding photos and baby photos 'cause they're kicked off Facebook or they see a friend of theirs was and can no longer DM with grandma because they posted about, Hey, these vaccines may have come from the Wuhan lab, or these, these vaccines may have been funded by, You know, the US government, or they might not work, or we shouldn't go through with a, a mandate.


We don't wanna throw people in jail for that yet. Maybe because a lot of these same folks have now started to talk about, well, maybe the fundamental problem is the First Amendment itself, and that's why they are all working with the EU and the UK and foreign governments and like Brazil to make this happen. But, okay, so we can so get the social media companies to demonetize them, de platform them, do algorithmic suspension. Okay? That's one thing we can do. What's another thing we can do? Well, we can do defamations and lawsuit, we can use Lawfare, You know, for, and we can make high profile cases of this. And there were, You know, examples of this in, in documents of the affirmative planning of finding a sympathetic plaintiff to make an example out of these media companies to do this and this, these were published before things like Dominion and some of these other, You know, lawsuits and around these cases.


How can you, You know, how can you create vocational penalties for doing this? So, For example, you don't need to arrest them, but have the, You know, have Bill de Blassio, the mayor of New York implement policies that he goes on live television and proudly says, no jab, no job. You know, it's going to, You know, you can't earn a living if you believe these things or spread information around that. Tony Fauci himself. And the eternal shame of it is it took four years after Covid, three years after Covid for, for these emails to come out, said that, You know, one, that one of the best ways to actually get people to go to, to, to get, You know, citizen buy-in for the vaccine rollout and, and stop these vaccine conspiracy theories, is to raise the cost of people, of people saying them.


And, and that you, you need to make it hurt. And, and that will, You know, he said that in so many words, and everyone can look up this, this receipt, I have, You know, I I, I've reposted this 20 times with my extra account. It's been played on Fox News. I believe there's an audio file with it as well. But that was not, You know, the criminal justice system. This was not the Attorney General of the United States, but it was the key administrator of the entire public health system during the covid response saying, the fundamental guiding tenet of it is make it hurt. Make it hurt, change the incentive so that if people question what we're doing, it costs them their livelihoods. It costs them their social media accounts, it costs them their standing, it costs them their medical licenses.


Make it worse than prison. 'cause at least you spend a year in prison, you come out, you still got your Facebook, your Twitter, your Instagram, you still got your business license. You know, you, you can, you can serve your time and come back to society. When you lose all these things, you often lose them forever, at least until Elon, You know, acquired X and, and, and saw that, You know, set that free. And Samantha Powers, Samantha Powers net worth increased from 21 to 24 from an estimated 6.7 million to 16.5 million to around 30 million. How did that happen? Well, I haven't seen the, the the source documents.


I've seen this be reported. I haven't, You know, double triple, You know, checked that. I've seen that as headlines. And so, so I'm not affirmatively, You know, weighing into that until I, You know, see the, the, the source of those numbers myself. But what, so I don't know her particular case, but what, what frequently happens in other high level scenarios like this is you have, you have stakeholders who now, first of all, so there's a few things, right? There's always the, the potential. So let me remove it from the Samantha Power thing, because I just wanna be respectful and, and note that I just don't know that for a fact.


But let's just call this Cynthia PP word, Cynthia P words, we'll call it Cynthia and except Samantha, okay? Random example, not her. There are many ways that this kind of radical jump in wealth can be acquired. Now, first of all, I also don't know if that cu, if that's a cumulative household in income that includes the, the, the net worth of her husband. This is also a frequent thing. I know in, in reporting disclosures, oftentimes you don't need to just report your own income. You need to report the, in the combined income of family members. And, You know, so that, because that's often how money is laundered, right?


You saw this with the Biden family, For example. And You know, when you apply for a SEC security clearance, they need to know if you're holding your assets, You know, you, you declare this much income. But actually the, the house is owned in the name of your wife. And so it looks like, You know, you have a $5 million home, but it's your home. You live in it. Any moment you could change the deed, You know, back to your thing. So oftentimes there are, there are, are equity interests or, or large asset interests that are combined. So, again, I don't know in this case, but there, there are a few things. First of all, you have insider knowledge in these cases. So, so talking generally about this, 'cause this is, You know, the famous Nancy, You know, Pelosi Tracker about how she does this, and I talk about this frequently.


This is why there is a pipeline from blob to banker, the people who administer us foreign policy and our insiders and have national security clearances and know everyone in the business and know everyone in the network and know everything. They're up to next in every, their whole inside thought process. And they have access to the classified documents and they know, You know, like a, You know, sure is a, is a, You know, staring into a, a magic eight ball or maybe, You know, like a fortune, fortune teller. They know, they can see the swirling purple clouds in inside the glass of what the CIA is going to do, what the DOD is going to do, what the state department's going to do, what the USAID is going to do in Ukraine, next in Congo, next in Venezuela.


Next they know or have a really good insider traders' advantage knowledge of whether there's going to be a coup, For example, in that country that opens up that country's natural resources to privatization. Is the oil and gas gonna be, You know, privatized in Turk Stan and you are a part of a Goldman Sachs fund. And like this is, You know, this is how you get these things like Jared Cohen from the state department's policy planning staff, then creating Google Jigsaw, which played the, the tip of the spearhead role in internet censorship ai super weapons, and works closely with the US State Department and, and DHS cisa for censorship work, as well as foreign academic institutions like, like the, the Cambridge University Social Decision Making Lab, which is, You know, partnered with all these groups that does psychological inoculation work funded by, by, by the US taxpayer in part, or partnered in part.


Well, You know, what did Jared Cohen do right after going to Jigsaw went to Goldman Sachs and he's, You know, doing, You know, like macroeconomic and, and global global policy there. Well, what does he bring to the table? The, let's see, the state department's policy planning staff and that whole network where, where he was, it was basically the CIA branch of Google, You know, that he was interlay inter liaising with that whole time he brings the whole network. How is he able to help Goldman Sachs make investment predictions so that they're one step ahead of the market? Well, it's not technically insider trading, You know, in the sense that it's directly at the portfolio company with advanced knowledge of their business line and some 10 B five securities violation.


It is the un the great unstated insider trading, You know, reason that there is this blob to banker pipeline. Mark Millie, For example, I believe is at JP Morgan or or another one of those banks. Another great example of this is the Joe Biden White House Blobbed, a a, You know, banker Blaber to Banker pipeline. Joe bi, this is, so Joe Biden's closest political advisor in the White House and has been since, was since the 1980s, was a guy named Mike Donnellon. Mike Donnellon was this sort of shadow advisor figure who, who, who, You know, according to media reports, basically, You know, sits over Biden's shoulder with everything he does and, and helps advise on, You know, political and, and, and other strategy.


Well, Mike, so Mike Donnel On's brother is a guy named Tom Donnellon. Tom Donnellon was basically hit the hat trick of everything you can possibly do as an apex ter of the, of, of the US National Security, state National Security Advisor, state Department, You know, coordinated the, the, the military, the intelligence and, and the, and the state craft world for years and years, decades, apex predator of the national security state at the highest level of military intelligence and state craft. What was he doing during the entirety of the Biden Biden State Department, Biden White House.


He was the chairman of the, of the BlackRock Investment Institute. So this is basically overseeing administrating, You know, the investment arm of BlackRock, which as $10 trillion of assets under management. I know. And a lot of those are donor-advised funds and pass throughs. But this is in, at the end of the day, a $10 trillion, You know, juggernaut of, of in, of, in, of portfolio investments. And his brother is the closest advisor to the president of the United States who commands the Pentagon, the CIA, and the State Department.


So all that need would need to be done. I mean, you can imagine why, You know, BlackRock might want to pick up someone like Tom Donnellon, who, You know, even if he had zero experience whatsoever as a banker or as a, or as a finance or as, You know, finance mogul, maybe, You know, who knows if Mark Millie can even read a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet or, or, You know, can even have a conversation with any of the quants. You know, who, who crunched the numbers? They don't care about that. They wanna know whether or not they want and they wanna know whether or not they can be the first mover and, and, and capture the entire market, For example, of, of the potential for lithium to open up in the golden triangle.


Because what's the Biden administration gonna do is, is the, is are they gonna send in, the Marines are gonna send in the boys? Are they gonna do that, You know, in, in Iran, are they gonna, what's gonna happen with Russia and the $75 trillion worth of natural resources that Russia sit sits on? You know, what parts of that? What, what, what regions? How about Africa? How about all the cobalt and, and lithium in the Congo or the, or the, the copper companies that are their portfolio companies or the zinc or the timber, the copper, the aluminum gold, the silver, everything. And so in theory, all that would need to happen was a conversation from Mike to his brother Tom. And then suddenly BlackRock has a first mover advantage, You know, of of, of knowing exactly where, You know, the Wayne Gretzky quote, right?


How are you? So how are you so good? You're not even that fast. How are you so good at hockey? And he says, I don't skate to where the puck is. I skate to where the puck is going. That's how I look so fast. That's how it looks like I'm so fast. Well, speed of investment is everything. Let's Move into, I wanna move into legacy media. How's USAID influencing us legacy media? It doesn it in several ways. So there's, there's the direct, now all of this has moral hazard involved. All of this corrupts the domestic process and, And it in some respect jeopardizes that sort of Smith month style protecting domestic people from foreign facing operations type stuff whenever those media outlets pick winners and losers in domestic politics.


But there are two variations of this that one of them, You know, is, well, let me lemme explain them. So the first is, a lot of people are just now seeing a lot of these very damning looking USAID outflows to mainstream media outlets like Politico, You know, or to Reuters For example. You know, I, I mentioned that there's, You know, $300 million in, in grants that, that were given by the Biden administration from various government agencies to Reuters. While Reuters wanna Pulitzer for, You know, Reuters was the tip of the spear for all anti-Trump reporting. And they won a Pulitzer in the year 2024 for their series on all on Elon Musk and, and malfeasance by Elon Musk and his companies at all of his different portfolio companies.


You know, Tesla, neural Lynx, SpaceX X at the same time that Biden from the White House had asked, had asked the US government and had, had, had replied to reporters that regulators should look into Elon Musk. And that 11 different US government regulatory agencies, regulatory bodies, and agencies were pursuing adverse action against all four of those very agencies that, You know, Reuters was, You know, was won its Pulitzer for writing. Hit pieces about this is, this is By the way, a little bit of a, there's, there's the same sort of moral hazard here that you have with u USAID sponsoring the OCC rrp. You're hit piece journalists that only have the capacity to do that because their revenues and their profits are being buffered by the American taxpayer.


And those, even though the grants are not explicitly to the, You know, the, the US to do that, right? Like there's no grant from the Biden, You know, a Biden government agency, the of the 300 million that says right hit pieces on Donald Trump, You know, or, or Trump allies just like, You know, the, the money to O-C-C-R-P, the corruption reporting probe is supposed to be for corruption re for to, to, for politicians and oligarchs and significant, You know, cultural figures in Eastern Europe. But in the process of doing that, OCC RRP turned around and dug up dirt on Rudy Giuliani in his work in Ukraine.


And that formed part of the basis to impeach Donald Trump as president in the Ukraine impeachment in 2019. So, American citizens who voted for Donald Trump effectively funded through Donald Trump's US aid, the impeachment of Donald Trump. They also dug up dirt on Paul Manafort and other US citizens. But in that case it was, it was, you can argue dirtier than the Reuters case. 'cause the pur the, the grant's were to dig up dirt in, in the Reuters case. It's, it's complicated. And you see this with much, I just, a huge quantity of of us, us media because, so lemme start, start, start from the bottom here.


Premium subscriptions are part of news agency's business models. Paywalls, almost every major media outlet has paywalls for their news content. And part of the justification for the US government paying US media companies sounds benign on its face. We want our government officials, the, the our hired employees who are representing you to be as best equipped And it to be as knowledgeable as possible about the, their line of business representing you as possible. And so they need to have as much information as possible. And so we pay premium subscriptions to u for foreign facing activity to, to us the, You know, to, to us media companies who are the best in business or sometimes the the only, or some of the only, You know, people who provide that needed proprietary service.


So a great example of this is with the Reuters case, because You know, when I talked about the Reuters case, a lot of people it is, there's still a scandal there and a moral hazard in, in the, in the system that needs to be reformed. But a lot of people ran away with it and sort of presupposed, You know, when, when they, when they read this, that that meant that it was like a direct pay to play. Now we don't know that if there was or wasn't, if there was back channel conversations, if there was an informal phone call, I'm not suggesting there, there was, or if it's simply the, the, the incentives aligned. You know, You know, these are the people giving you the money, You know, they're targeting Trump, You know, because this was the other thing is the all 11 agencies targeting Trump, targeting Elon Musk were paying to the non-New agency side of Reuters who was digging up the dirt that the regulatory agencies could use to go after Elon Musk.


The same thing for O-C-C-R-P state USAID funds, the hit piece journalists, the hit piece journalists dig up dirt, the prosecutors then use that dirt as the basis to arrest them. And then you have a USAID big fat bow on top of it with an accomplishment section saying ta-da 456 arrests that, that we, that we sponsored. But in this case, For example, the Justice Department under the Biden administration paid tens of millions of dollars or something like $60 million to Reuters for Westlaw because Thomson Reuters is, You know, is, has properties. They have their, their news agency side, they have a tool for, for, You know, legal folks, for, for legal research. LexiNexis and Westlaw dominate that space. So Justice Barn paying for Westlaw, and they're tens of millions of dollars patting the profits of a portfolio company of Thomson Reuters.


But that's, every, every one of those million is less that they need to make in their news line because they're, they're still being, their profits are, are still being pumped up for the network. And they are still picking heavy winners and losers in domestic politics. You know, like For example, what if they were paying Raytheon? You know, what if, what if the defense department was paying Raytheon, You know, continually, You know, as it does billions of dollars in defense contracts. And Raytheon opens up a, a new line of business called Raytheon Media, LLC and Raytheon Media, LLC has an ex has a basically explicit media, You know, media purpose to target Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, Republicans like Bill Crystal, I mean, just straight up, You know, just like the Washington Post, just like Reuters just like, like no objectivity.


In fact they even just like, just like the Washington Post and the, You know, all the different journalistic things said we're gonna end. What about him? Objectivity is no longer an underpinning credo of our reporting. 'cause we believe both sides makes misinformation spread. So we do need to pick winners and losers in this, and Trump and Trump doubled Raytheon's, Trump doubled Raytheon's Pentagon contracts to Raytheon. So the contracts aren't going directly to Raytheon Media. They're going to Raytheon military ll You know, LLC. But now Raytheon media doesn't have to make a dime because their margins, their revenues are padded up the wazoo by a huge cash inclusion infusion to sister line of business.


You see this everywhere. News guard For example, one of the most notorious private sector for-profit censorship mercenary firms with former head of NATO on board, the former head of DHS on his board, the former head of the state department's global engagement center on his board, You know, you name it, mark Millie, the former head of the CIAN S A, I'm sorry, not Mark Millie, Michael General. Michael V. Hayden, the former head of the CIAN s a four star General on his board. They got a $750,000 Pentagon contract nominally for the purpose of helping the Pentagon, You know, scan the internet to help scan and ban, You know, Chinese and Russian propaganda online.


Now as mag the, this new MAGA Foreign Policy Coalition and, and, and base has to navigate the tension between foreign ops and domestic interests. There's, we have to navigate what the role is of countering foreign influence and countering foreign propaganda, squaring that with the fact that that was the exact predicate used to take out hundreds of thousands and arguably millions of Trump supporters at home when Trump was called a Russian asset. And a, and, and Trump was just like, Putin, Trump equals Putin. The, the FBI is saying it, the CI is saying it.


And you had tens of thousands of American citizens who are rolled up in these very groups who were supposed to be focused on Russia making the argument that, well, these Americans are being an unwitting or unwitting vassal of talking points from Russia. So now we get to put them in these blacklist database. Now we get to, so that's a tension that has to be navigated. But the point is, however you navigate that 750,000 Pentagon grant to News Guard was not explicitly for News Guard to create Advertiser boy, You know, blacklists to target Stephen Crowder and Ben Shapiro and Preger University and Fox News hosts and, and You know, virtually every populist right wing media conduit for the man who is now the, the sitting Democrat of the elected president of the United States.


But it's the same Raytheon military Raytheon Media thing. So we need to create firewalls. So there's no domestic bleed if you volunteer to accept a, a US government contract for foreign facing work from any foreign facing agency, whether that's state, whether that's aid, whether that's DOD, whether that's a, You know, a, a confidential, You know, You know, CIA service, that's another thing, right? Reuters does serve CIA, Intel does CIA services, they have a whole, You know, in intelligence assistance wing, You know, so the, so they're getting paid by the CIA and the DOD. Again, this is the, the, You know, it's not the Reuters media line, but it's the, You know, it's the sort of strategic intelligence and, and whatnot.


But this pop problem pops up everywhere with all these news, but then you do have another problem. So you have that USAID Truman show that comes up from that. But then you also have the other one, which is that we actually do fund these, a lot of these me, us media outlets to operate in foreign countries. And like, and then they also operate home. So they are, they sort of are being in a direct arm of the State Department for a, for what the grant is doing. And then they're coming back and using that. So For example, a great example is like our fact checkers, like independent fact checkers, my asthma, okay? There's no such thing as an independent fact checker.


This entire field was created by the US State Department. And I, I would say the, with with a, You know, set spike relationship, You know, sort of Kobe Bryant, Shaquille O'Neal relationship with the UK Foreign Office. 'cause this was a transatlantic thing. So the UK foreign office funds a ton of these as well, but it's one foreign policy, You know, blob there. But why do places like the Pointer Institute and, and basic, You know, almost every one of the credentialed fact checkers for Facebook and, and Reddit and Twitter 1.0 and TikTok and Twitch and YouTube.


Why are almost every single one of these, You know, like groups have, are either directly or, or partnered with the a, a us, You know, state Department. It's because we use the, this international Fact checking network, which is housed under the Pointer Institute as the way to get foreign countries to censor their internet, to stop the rise of politicians, whether they be right wing populist or left wing socialists sometimes to stop them to, to censor their internet. We pump up these American fact checker groups, and then they get sent to, to Myanmar, and they get sent to the Philippines and they get sent to Brazil and they get sent to Latvia and Lithuania and Estonia.


And You know, like For example, You know, in this story about Bangladesh that I've been talking about a lot lately, where you have a lot of this USAID and, You know, international Republican Institute, NED funds to places like transgender dance festivals and rap groups there and You know, You know, sup supporting, You know, picking sides in, in the political, You know, thing there, the guy who, who was, You know, is now be the, the top foreign advisor was the former Bangladesh foreign secretary. And during this period before he, You know, retook power here recently, and in 2024, he was brought in by usaid, USAID run a, ran a countering misinformation workshop hosted at the US Embassy in Bangladesh.


And who did they have as the featured speakers to teach Bangladeshi journalists about how to counter misinformation? It was the guy who would be, who would get catapulted into the, You know, into the top foreign advisor position with, with the new government. And the guy who who became the head of it is a Clinton Global fellow initiative, I should note. I mean he's basically a pro pro us You know, government now. And, and who was, who was the other person that was, that was the, the co-leader of this. He was the executive director of PolitiFact, the US based PolitiFact, the, You know, flagging you here for misinformation and disinformation, You know, pressuring the social media companies and have always having that latent threat of advertiser boycotts and potential legal non-compliance, I should note with the EU code of practice on disinformation because it is in July, effectively going to be illegal to spread disinformation in Europe under this Europe EU Digital Services Act.


And if I can stress this to any people presently in charge of White House or State Department policy on this, the EU Digital Censorship Act, technically called the DIG Digital Services Act, has to be stopped through whatever diplomatic means necessary to stop it, because it will absolutely destroy freedom of speech in this country as we know it, as Americans will not be allowed to talk to Americans about topics that a foreign regulatory body calls in. Its wow, sole discretion, disinformation, unless you stop it. Wow. Every US ambassador in Europe has to apply carrots and sticks pressure.


The US ambassador to the EU has to, has to apply this pressure. The US ambassador to NATO has to apply adjacent pressure. The White House has to, this, this thing is, is one of the, the craziest assaults on free speech in America our country will ever experience. And I should note, USAID and our foreign policy blob made this happen. In fact, my foundation's publishing this report, 19 US government funded entities are signatories and, and, and nine of them are helping implement this very EU code of practice doing this. Wow. That's a full, that's a full 20% of the signatories are from the US government and most of the major ones, You know, that have a lot more clout.


But You know that, that the critical node is coming from inside the house because the Biden White House actually had a formal policy goal. It's information integrity working group, which is something that I've now published. It's on our foundation's website to get Europe and help Europe pass this thing and tighten the disinformation regs. Wow. USAID had a formal program through CEPS to get to help the EU and other countries pass disinformation laws because they, the, the First Amendment wouldn't allow it. So they're working with the international partners. Wow. That makes a hell of a lot of sense. Wow. Wow. Well, Mike, I wasn't gonna cover terrorism, but we kind of did that earlier. And so kind of to wrap this thing up, I just want to ask, You know, what would you like to see happen with usaid?


I support the White House's current reforms. I do believe fundamentally, and if nothing else symbolically, the complete and total abolition of USAID alone sends a chilling message to not do this kind of dirty work in the future. If you ever begin to look like the former disgraced folded up usaid, you can imagine whatever form USAID takes in the future, whether they call it US UD or whether it's the, You know, bureau of International Development at state, people are gonna be tempted to do this. We have, this is like God and the devil. This is like there, there's an eternal struggle here.


And sometimes the mor moral area can look great. Sometimes different elected governments are going to have different defined national interests about what governments to deploy US soft power in. And it's gonna look to one side, like its freedom fighting one side of the American electorate like freedom fighting or, or liberation. It's gonna look to another side like, You know, regime change, coup monering and black ops, dirty tricks that that will always be there. As well as the potential for profiteering or for doing that. You know, that, You know, index finger trick in the domestic thumb war of a fair fight of two, You know, Republicans, democrats, conservative liberals, whatever it is, whoever can weaponize the blob can take out the domestic political opponent.


And we need, so what I would like to see happen is during this education process, while everyone is learning about the sheer extent of it, and we have just begun to peel the onion on this, is that in whatever stage the aid function continues to, the, the critical thing is, is putting in a Smith month style protection for funding and operations. And Smith month was supposed to protect us from foreign propaganda distributed inward. And even that was destroyed by Barack Obama's presidency with the NDA modernization that removed that protection. So we are now completely Smith Moneyless than we have been for 12 years.


But there's something even worse going on with usaid, which is the Smith month problem of foreign propaganda dome, You know, rigging the domestic information ecosystem. But this is for funding and operations. USAID AIDS function can fund US organizations for their international work. And now they are pumped up on steroids with their capitalization for their domestic work. And also they're far, their foreign operations can target US citizens like we mentioned with the O-C-C-R-P example. You know, how is it, how are there no criminal penalties passed by Congress? How is there no civilian right of action with treble damages in civil court against either the recipient of that, of the aid when Rudy Giuliani is paying his tax dollars for the State Department to hand it over to the group that writes, hit pieces on him to get him, You know, to get him not only humiliated, but to help You know, You know, all the adjacent reputational destruction that makes it easier to indictment indict him on related charges.


So we need a sort of Smith month for financing and operations, not for usaid, also for the adjacent ones, DOD should be subject to the law state CIA, but aid is the most obvious one because these are public grants, and this is supposed to be humanitarian work. It's the last place you'd see coming to get sock in your own eyeball by the, the government you voted for. So that civil penalty can take the form of suing the grantee, but maybe you should also be able to sue the agency itself. You can sue the FBI for, You know, wrongful death if You know, if something they do is through gross negligence or, or otherwise results in, in the death of your family member or something.


This is something that the famous Jesse Trina do case of the Oklahoma City bombing that can be done. What if USAID had to worry for its own budget, if it failed in oversight to catch one of its grantees and you could sue USAID if one of the USAID's grantees broke that firewall? Well, USAID has to fight for its life in the budget every year, just like everybody else does. And, and if, if, if they had their own budgets, mortally threatened and they need to decide whether or not to plan the overthrow of a government in Central Asia because they wouldn't have enough capital to pull it off because they're targeting a, a US citizen in Tanzania, the whole thing gets chilled.


But you need these reforms at every layer. Do you understand? I do. That makes a hell of a lot of sense. That makes a hell of a lot of sense. I actually, I hope that happens. Me too. But Mike, thank you for being here. It's overwhelming amount of information and hope to get you back again. Hope to be back. Alright, Jim Rome takes on sports. Why?


Because you are not playing me with Rapid fire takes. Y'all went from the Super Bowl straight to the toilet bowl. He's not over the NFL. The NFL is over him. Scorching debates, All the good, all the bad, all the ups, all the downs. He's the Spitfire of sports. Smack. Sorry for what I said because what's appropriate when I said it, but I can't say it anymore. Dude, you are killing the game. The Jim Roam Show podcast. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.